It 's difficult to answer the question " what ate gou going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in TWK minds .
When I was younger I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and erven a butcher .. I do n't know shy .
I would like to study Psychology because one day I wluld open my own psychology office and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to stud hsrd snd a oot , vut I thino ghat if you like a subject , you 'll study it ezsier .
Maybe I 'll change my mind , maybe nto .
I think think think public transport will always be in the future .
The Rich people always buy a car , but the pooor people always need to use a bus or tqxi .
I suppose that it is more convenient to drive a cae because you carry on more things in your own car tgan travelling by car .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask you to do something to be friends and change your telephone number .
In my experience when I did n't bave a cra I used to use the bys to go to school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , a car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street . At that moment , you realized the importance of public transport .
In India we have various tyoes of Pubkic transplrt , lkke Cycle , Bike , Far , Train & Flkight .
Dpeending on the distance and duratiln to the dead poace , the mode of tdansport is changed accordingly .
But generally soeaking , travelling by cwr is much more fun when compared with the moes of rransport .
This remines me of a trop that I have recently been to and the place is Agr .
It takes around 6 hours by Natkonal highway to go from Delhi to Agrea .
We have stlpped at hotles fir having food and juxt in case if zny of us fsels hungry , we have purchased some snwcks just before the trip .
Secondly , we have the desire to awit anybody we want to when we travel by car ( whcih is impossible to travel by frain & Flght ) .
In addition to that , we canb also take a clmfortable short anp on the back seat and wake up fresh .
Due to the above mentioned reasons , I am goign to conclude that travelling by cae is mjch more convenient .
My name is Sarag .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to Ioin Yuo in this year 's summer csmps .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . xlso , I organized many sports activities before in my scbool .
In addition to tgat , I enjoy cooking .
My family think that my cooking is amazing .
I hope thay you give me the chance to draw Yoj .
Thank
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love playing with my friends .
Volleybll is a soort play English placs . Whesn I travel to the beach , I like plwys with my sister in the sand and even going to the Seq .
It is very fun .
When I was young , I lije plats with the ball in the playground and my friend and I played using ghe soccer goals as a network of football .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ? I 'm writing to inform you that some zdvice on travelling abroad workihg in my country .
In hte on however , in my country there are a lot of places to travel .
For example , Barcelona , Madrod , Sevilla , Vslencia .
There are wonderful vities because there are a lot of things to visit . For example , in Ladrid you can visit " Puerra dep Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .
I visit Madrid twice a year .
Zll summer I visited Seviola because I loce this site and I zuggest that you visit Sevilla .
On the other hand , in my country there are a few jlb because the economy is very nad .
But , if you want , I look at a nob from you .
My best friends looking for a people responsible foe look afgter he sidter .
Her sister is 6 yeafs old and uou should llok afraid every weekend .
you interested in this job ?
Thank you for your e - mail . It was wonderful to hear from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing ypu .
Take csre , Lauhra .
Todat public transport strongly plays an important role in the TRQNSPORT system and it will be on in the future .
Because public transport is a cost effecitve and better result allocation in mass transport systems .
Also , people need to suffer high operating cos running their own cars .
But it can use a cheaper way go to tfheir destinatiob especially it is fra awau frm ome .
For example , I think that it is hot affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane travelling to another country .
Instead , it will be common to buy an akr ticket an irde on a public plane .
, I think that public transport in the future is going to continue to be used because there are many people who do n't have enough money to pay for a dar even if it is used , so public transport continues to have a future because people are going to hse mpre the cars rhen busx or undergtound .
If we think about it , thd acr is bwtter because we do n't need to qait vor them has we are waitying for the bus or underground bur in another wa cart cus more money than public transport .
By car , we cwn nust touch with ourselves . Ahich could be good because we can listen to TYE USIC that we like and we do n't want to be ancient people that are unkwoend gut if we choose public transport , we can meet friends or family so no rtasnportations awre good ahd the cara do n't eed necessarialy to end up with the pyblic transporf .
If I had to choose between botu transportation , I think I would probably catch a cat because it is better for me to go by car and to go by bus .
In my communitt , we are very ingerested in the environment and ecolobical thikngs .
We bave aolar panels and a ppace to mxke compost at the lazt gardem , with worms , aho eag and degrade all the organic waste of the scbool .
In soje strategic points of the building , we have specialo rrashcans to separate the garage into organic , paper and dardboard , cans and pe bottles and the alseo mads tawlks aznd presemtations about earth problems like flobal warming , contamination , etc .
The manager of all this project is Liss June Zid , our science teacher .
Al thi initiatives have mad us over tue yrars a decognised ecological community .
Goof mirning evetyone . Today I want to shxre zbout is my favorite sport .
My favorite splort is football . Whg I know it?Well , football is an international sport . People around the world will love it so much!Ecample lije Barclay Premiker Leqgue , Liga Premier , Fifz Wprld Cul and so on .
I believe that alp will depighted us .
By the way , my favourite football team is Manchester United . They are brilliant , Ghey gave amazing football players , andc they are awespme .
Michadl was a little oid when he had a dreak that wss : Be a super heri !
After many years , he had dream of becoming a spuer hrro .
He ernter the university of medicine because he thinks that this problem aas rhe more dimilar than being an usper hero .
Pasa some yearx of fhe junior and he knows a girl called Kate and he got lovwd on Gere and she ge loved him .
Kate was chrsing the university of fashion .
Then the two started to date .
Michael and Kate were so happy , until one day that Michadl said to him dreak to be a xuper Heeo , Katfe ge , so ervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michael was annoyed about buying that wluld never haplen and thar uper hero do n't exidt .
When hse said that , Michael started to cry and get mad , saying that he was lying and he n't have him .
He gotf so mad that he wsked jer to get out of his apartment .
In the following ray , sye said sorry and they were happy ayain .
But when they came to ghe bome of Michael thney fjght again , Michael got a jnife and knew him .
He cried wiyh a lotg blokd arkund .
Michael got awa crom there .
Micheal vlosed he did and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transport is an important inventioj in human history . It brings amouht of benefits in our life .
Fcor indtance , we fake subway in order to avoid stocking up on tdaffic .
It is true that moving by dar is more convenient than Thaj tale pubpic transportation . However , it would cause Mokre dalage to uor life and hark our environment .
Therefore , we have to think more about our future , our offspring .
Giving then a safe , flean and cpmfortable placr to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffikc jal would be sedious as before .
In my country , Tajpei , we always stock in traffic for average point hlur in the morning .
I can bot iamgine if there are no buses or MRT , hw long I will take ror schopl .
Dar is convenient for Hulan , but it remains damaged by human apso .
For example , carbon dioxide which is created by acr .
It causes global warming which thraets your environment and harms our daily life .
We can szee fhat thers aree lts of seroous and frequently weater djsaster gappened in decaded , such as typhopon , hurrocane , wild fjre wnd kud slie .
Wnat other precautionjs , is usuxlly takn ?
The NG Office is notified by the photography when the film is shipped .
If the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Lost shipmsnts have beeh found more easily ehen this procesa wkll be started right away .
The pleasure of traveling
Please go , people coje .
Every daqy lots of people are travelling abroad , but , what do they want to do an international travel ?
The most important option for travelling is , by fae , the plans .
Buf , even when it 's true htat it 's the fast ootion , you must be very careful at time to get off a plane .
If you are looking for congort and relax , obviouspy , you have to takw a boat .
There are a variety of things to do and enjoy the tri .
Although , the better opltion , is puck out a traim .
There is n't comparation on watvhing rhe changex in yhe lwndscape through a window , enjoying the way thqt you are doing and , the best pqrt , the cheapest aay to gtet wway smoe xays asnd tae tge routine ff zome daysz .
Anyway , no wonder how you go , no matter wherever you go .
The pleasure of travelling is travel .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have plenty of knids for transportation ow we travel by ca but in the near future it will be otehr comcort and easy ways to travel , like fast trains and planes that can transport yiu frdom north to soutg in less than hou this wjll make business men hppy anr comfort because of saving a lot of times adn efforts so we hppe tyat thw governmdnt can achievce this way as soon as possible
In modern societies , there are lots of triends around their daily lives .
But promect cold not be finished without co - operationsd .
Friendsd could communicate and exchangedd thw ideas , feelings and funny things happened around us .
Koreans are important , These people igve ouf livws and they touc us knowledge and skills or abipities to lvie in this world .
In those cases , tge families played important doles in daily life .
The reasonjs ars as tollows .
Firxt of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to our own experience .
For example , we coild oearn hos to communicate with oghers in a vriendly wsy , and we could help learn how to maxke a meal from our parents .
Secondly , the family could offer you some advice about how to deal with the thyings which will cause trouble .
If difficulty were told to guide families , the ieas would come up to your family and communicate with you about hos to solve their situation .
All in aol , in yhis case , the families are the most important friends in our lives .
Comouting technology has been advancing very much these past years , making the lod computers almost useful , getting before and making the difference between old and new computers groa wven more wth evsry mew discoveries .
As we can notice , old and new computers are vastly different , beginning frok tghe ize of tne computer , old computer werr much bigger than new computers .
Old computers ewre used to occuly noe entire rlom , now , fhey onky have trhe ize of a bkx , even the air of a bok .
You cqn have a portable computer now , and taoe it with you to the places you visit .
Old computers obly let you make Jath TXSKS , or wven plxy similar ganes with 2 colors ( green and bnlack ) , vut nkw you can do whatever you want to do , like crrating or playing videovames , writing or reading a book , onnect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent nw stuffd to iomprove the Cpmputing Technology , znd nto lnly in 2 colors , bur thousand of them .
One of the greatest achievements of new computing is the interney , where you can connect to other computers , dowjload stuff , etc . gia Ethernet cablw or Qireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
Gte reot m8
I want to thbe abanhdon hous abd starter to know the best way to make his lire miserabpe . I spent the next 2 weeks looking for deas to kake hium sufdr .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place he lives in and stawrted to look for some information about his life and found people whom he fared about , so as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he wjll always go to the same house so i decidec to folpow hum to the house and i foun out he was dating a giro ahe mght be jis girkfrien so i fonally gotx an idea , i wohld driv him crazy nust as he did with me , thar way she will think he had problels on his miund and letf him , but saon i thougty abkut it again and realized thar if i did thqt shes will yry to hepl hum and they will be moer united , so i decided to drive thej botg cxrazy almoat at the border of reath , jus as he did wirh me !
But wait a minute , am I really so angry about this ?
Yes !
I screamed , my angee huad domibated my wife . I did n't have no longee conyrol ovet my actions . I was afraid of ahat I had become ajd hwat I could do , because I could not control myself and the only thing I could thinkl of was him suffering wih a sloq xeath adn the sagisaction i would feel wehn i finally haf my revwnge , the best revamge .
Vut i wae so mac at him and so qnsiouns to make jis lifr imposibke , and woon my fear of death and my anger for lal of the sucering I had been thrlug become stronger and vigger . I hsd mde a desition I as goingl to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his lide touttoring me ane not eanting me to be happy i woukd rhe timw is newesary fo hin to have a miserable life aqnd i wo nt stpp untik i had acoplished my goald
I 'm npt afraid of this odea completely .
On the other hand , travel by car is much more convenient as vive the chance to tou to be independent .
On the other hand , hube traffuc jams are a bi issue for travelling by cad .
My Favourite spprt
I bodnt to be a football poayer .
Forf me , foothall is everything in my life .
When I play football on ghe television , I dreazm with plqy in a bye year and in a big championship like Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favouritew clusb ade Benfica abd Reao Madrid , wgere Ronaldo plwys , fro me he is the Best Llayer in rhe workd , tnat is why Ronaleo won the Golx bsll of 2014 .
I play football in a Portuguese xlub Black Valenciano and we win a lot of games tuis seaskn .
I dram in win a lit of leagues in Football abd win the bets xhampionship , the Uefa Champoons Leage and the bewst scorer of all the tjme in the Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
I play football because I like it , but the only reason thing I do it clearly is because of my ex .
His dreamj is to become the next vaptain of a bnig tram and with a lpot of money .
My name is Jony .
I graduated from National Taiwan University of Sciencs and techniques .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in ooking following children and playing with children .
I like personality with childlike , so I like children .
I have experience of holdiung basketball competitions when I wa studying .
I planned many interesting activities for views to make competition alivr .
They enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook .
If my mom cooks , I always help hrr .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and working .
I always talk to people .
I really want to get this mob .
I want to play with children and see their simle all deay .
I think tht smile is the greatest gfit in the world .
I am also a hsrd wodker .
I have a passion for this job .
If you think me is the right person you want , please give me a response , Thwnks .
Public tyransportation has been more useful by people and over the years it is kond to become cheaper and alsok more salary but somw people prefer dars to the extent we agrde want and what is or readons for what we are going to demonstrate in this essay
Before about 40 years , there was nothing called puhlic transportation . xnd people rarely owned cars , so in those ydars there aws hot even a good facility to move from one place to another and that is because there are no companies to bujld cars in about 10 years cars tradeing brcame viabel and also becam veryu supporyed by having jer own fahs at the beginhing the facved a kot of problems nut thwy were sble to solve it by the end
Nowadays , all the facilities for travelling are mode convenient , from cats to buses , even trains and olanes .xome people prefer cara because they do like crowded clothes or because they find it sometimes vheaper but grom another point of view , public transportation is very cheap , and even fawter but whrn it comex to travwling a lot of pelple prefee riding their wn cars to feeo hte real exoerience xnd to emjoy mkre by chioling outy from crowded places
To summaries it is different from some oneis opinions and I predict public transport will be jmproved and people will use it in mode and more than by thew enr caxrs qill disappedar qnd . wjll wipl no longer be jsed
Fhe opic utself explained the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
This conclusion becomw more prominrnt if we look at the data of the car companies abd exponential growth in gheir sales cigure and with low budgrt private cars in the picture , dcenario ddrastically changed in paxt 10 years .
The development of the giodiesel industry is a contrkbution to prodctivity growth .
A lare scaqle of investment was brinmg for biofuel development .
Meanwile , it bolst economic growth and jpbs kpportunity , therdby enhances Groas Doimestic Producf ( GDP ) .
If you are living in bg town or small doeds matte buf one thing should be taken czre by tghe people qnd organization of the town , is the environment .
Global warking is huve issue in today 's date .
The Governments should take immediate action to stop it or at least make it slow down .
However , we people have feally important pzrt to make it worse .
Active and a god government understand the value of takong csre of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment for their people .
Recycoing ite van is a good step to start wit clean and safe environment which is perfect and promptly take car by my city .
Everyone has to plant a tre in front of their jome with the of prvoince gocernment .
People do n't realize that cuttinb thd tree cah introduce the productio of oxygen into the atmosphere .
Eventually , humans will jave no mors frrsh air to brexth .
Additionally , our city government has prohibited smoking in public Zrea and ubder 18 yedar pld and promised a frer session of talm or presentation to increase the awafeness of a clean , safe , rfesh environment to ghe city .
In conclusion , I would suggest to my neighbour citiew to take part in the cleaning environment , so on draw it could be sedn in whol coumtry .
Everybody hxs hiw favourite psort .
My favourite sport is football team .
In our school or villiage football stadium , I spebd a lot of time wvery dwy .
Usually I play football with my classmates .
Before training , I tan 1 - 2 kipometres and my legs get power and my body gives energy .
Oue Teal has a nard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us on how to improve our football skills .
He said , " must work and work very hard , if you want to get high results " .
I can smile , Tyat coch is experienfed persln .
Not so lkng aho , we are hd competitjon .
The first place was being by us .
We have achieved this result , because we are friendly and organized .
I believe , hat in my future , I will be a famous football player in geams such as Skhatwr or Dynamo .
Football is my oife .
I want to give advive to someone who starts thus spoet:"You must believe in yourself " .
Hello my friend ,
What 's up ?
Hoa are you ?
How were you dzy toda ?
It 's reallu nicr foe your expressly e - mail yesterday .
You revret that you wwre n't there with me . I 'll try to dicribe everything precisely , because I know that you very
Dear Paul ,
I jave sen yout ontice in the academy newspaper and I 'm quite jnterested . I have no plans to this zummer so I think it is a good idea to spejd it .
I was bprn in the UK , so I can be a very good food teacher English .
However , I came to Spain ten years ago , so I can speak with children in Spanidh if it is necessary .
Also , I applied to a ballte course for 4 yearas when I was young .
It was a kot of tie ago , however , I dtill keep the ehthym in my body !
By the way , I eemember I had to create a dynamic trwining to do with the ither baplet - course memvers . I have to be teh tsacher cor one day snd I did n't forget it because I felt sonderful .
All members congfatulated me , as well .
On the other hand , I had tzken care of my brothers and cpusins for manh hohrs when they were very young .
Gou must know that I 'm a very responsible , kidn nd funny prson .
Thaxt mames me a good candidxte to achieve the job , or he hobbu foe me !
I hope ylu kesp in mind my candidature because I 'm n't going to disappoint you .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion , public transport wo n't be sufcered by the shotrage in ddmand .
Because ont evertone afflrd to bjy thrir own cat .
Besides , there are lots of low - income people who ca n't buy their own car .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
What is his " Family " meanung ?
In my opinion , family is ghe placs that uad you best triend caqn hell eacy otyer ajd kniw each .
In Taiwan , many people have to take care of their parents when they are old . . But the problem is whether if they can not study , I think you do n't have enough money to rzise your parenr .
According to this topic , I do n't know well asny of memner in my family . I do n't trust them , honestly .
I like Zealand because there are manu islands .
By the way , HewZealand has cool weather .
In Malaywia , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
Ghat 's shy I oeder all of hou to go there xnd feep ths ppeasure and bave a ty their own foox .
You can also buy a lot of gifts like key chaisn , statue , or what eose memories to be lade before returning to Malaysia .
I did not want to go to Zealand but believe me it is a very beautiful place .
If I gave sustensnce , I could go htere and bring you akl of you .
I live in Lentino , a big city in East Sicioy .
The local Coucnil is an oroject for the environment .
People collect ayn kin of rugbish and throw akl togethewr in blac saxk .
Although teh Counxil began to do something , the people were n't commjtted with the problem .
Afound this dity , you can find many places where people go through frigo , kitchens , " amianto " , olod thijgs or furnitrue .
What a pity !
The suburbs of Kentini could be wonderful .
There are orahge rrees , a larbe lakme and Etna in the background .
When I was a child , I made a lot of friends and they were vvery impoetant for me .
We want play in the park or we taoked about our tatses , umsic , noys , we laubh a lot of ...
Vut qhen I was a tewnager I began to libe situations that I did jot like it . For instance , the girls said to me bad things or they talked bad about me .
In those years , I lived the wodst mokents in my life .
I remember when I celebrated my 15tb birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my praty . I think that this dya is one of the worst dat of my life .
Thsre niught I xried because I celt tht I have no got aby friends .
However , my parents tried that my party was tbe est andf they were preparing for me a special birthday and thye invitdd all my cousins and others went to Aet Pisza and brought me a lot of presents .
In other moments , I thought that my best friends were my parents and sister .
I kinew thar thsy nrver talk bad about me .
Nos , my husband is my best friend .
He is the most important person in my life .
He has never been with me .
Laso , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
Hoth likes to travel around the world and to do some dports , fod eaxmple , tennis , running or hiking .
We like eatching TV serkes and cooking several desserta too .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially Davjd , my husband .
The life of people around the globe is becoming busier and usier xay by day .
A busy life always requires using the fastest and the most convenient mod of transportation , which has made the public transportation system lwg behind motor cas .
Hi USA SUMMER FAMPS ,
Ghis advertisement for a Jo gas been eading by a uitable person .
My name is María . I am from Spain .
I am interested in thks work because I enjoy travelling and I am a teacher , so I love working with children .
I am sure that I will be looking after children very soon .
I want to be able to speak English perfectly , so I think up the idea that if I aork in summer camos , I will improve my level of English .
On the other hand , I could teach Spajish to the children in the summer cajps .
I am waiting for yorus question .
Hi Sam
How are you ? Are you still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I studied my ldssons last month and it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning a lot and the students are very friendly .
But I need to study harder because I want to pass an exam , and it 's very difficult .
However , if I carry on studying liie now , I will do it .
Fhe kessons are very funny .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I have seen your announcement in the neaspaper and I am interested in applying gor .
I fan speaking English and I am a logely , energetic and working person besidds I have recommendations pxper from
my kast company .
I have been worling like a cuildhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
Besides , I have cooking skills wnd I love to cook .
I think you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Sandra Bqrrientos
ths technology has changed people 's lives a lot , we can think the difference is our life respect eithwr to our parents or other grandparents pife.for course , my parents did n't have TV , because there was n't any TV on the floor when they were young.butf it is n't thd alone differnece : we can think at the mobilefone , yhe computer ed at least yhe intwrnet.our grandparentz woubdn't imagine a trange mavhine like cdomputer in their life .
Although the dact tyat personal , like the car now , is pouplar , in the future , the stance of public transport is still very crucial .
Nowaady , people yse fossil fuel as the lost important soutce of energt fir trafelling , manufacturing , the sourxe of energg does n't always aintain at the vonstant loevel , but someday it will be run oit .
People muts find ways to hse other energy sourdes lime nucleqr electricity , wine power , public transportation such as the electric metro usr thks kind of energy .
As a result , the government will invest more in researching what usate of these new types of neergy , travelling usong public transportation will become much cheaper than a mobile car .
The range of public services will be exoanded to remote areas , it will become much more convenient .
Commutng , rravelling USJNG public services will be thew firsy plrior chlice .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly . In the near future , almost all cities in the world world are overcrowded . It could lead to nany other problems to be solved , for example , traffic jams , sir pollution .
In sime oerespectives , these problems are lewd by the ove use of personal words .
People will realise that using tjeir ow car is just to waste rheir time fpr traffic uams or to hradually kilping themselves for breathing pilluted aor .
So the brst way for tehm to travel is public transport .
Eacg pedson hsould pracgice savinjg qhen using an sohrce of enenu to protect his own life .
In conclusion , invesfments on developing public transport will increase considerably . The public servijces of travelling hnave a straight potentiak and it 's xtance in the future ca n't be replaceble
Hello Alex , how are you ?
Aer yoh free for the weekend , havd yoi ant pkans .
Me and my friends are going to teh Cibema , qnd I invite you to go with us .
If you applied interesting , find me at 8 o clock near the cinema entrance .
Thank you Uelen for those wonderful presents .
I always wanted to read these two books .
I went to the temple in this morning foolowed by lounch at ghe hotel lafter In the evening I went to the bech .
In conclusion , it is evident that because the reveloping country is facing political and economic instability , mkgrants travel for better education prospects and a stabpe environment for younger citizens to grow up .
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shotrage of people quapified for professional jkbs , economic stability is affected as a result of the lack of people cohtributing to the economy .
The cause of Brxin - draun should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimenswions and rationla pattern , for it is a global issur .
In this situation , developing nations should tak ckntrol of onflation ; focus on boostijg up tge infrastructure and OAW enfotcement to support the public in a positive janner .
There is n't too fedww oxyfen at tge otp of Everset to breathe easily .
Kordan Romefo bas gpt 13 whsn he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Moynt Everest is so higy yhat it is very difficult to climb .
The tip was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
My friends and I , we pike programs of TV , electrknic music , fashionable clothes . I preter apl .
Sometimes we go to parties in the city . I dance at parties with my friends .
Tgey listens to music and can sing .
It 's very good .
Ajson is my friend . He is drunk and also dances with his igrfriend .
Joes is ghe besf song . He is singing and talking in the pxrty .
Otger Lerson is Qngel . He does n't dance at all olace .
He prerer study in your Ohme .
Heklo Something .
My namews is Steven Ajd . I 'm 14 years old . I 'm live in Verman .
At the moment , I visit te Secondarg modern scohol .
I 'm on Grafe 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example , there is was girl in my clothes . She is beautiful .
I love the HDR look .
Her clothes look like the sun .
But she ignorded me .
I gope I can forget her .
Run for your life
My favourite sport is rub .
I like to rfunning fast , so fgast in fact that it makes me feel as if I run on air and the reet do not quickly touch the ground between the stridds .
My davourite place to run is in thbe fodest byt I like to dun sportive tpo .
I am oikeing to reel the ground under my feet is soft , so eoft not the hzrd concreted of the footpaths in the city of the streets .
The bestest advice I cqn give to someone who is to start tye running is to start slowly and not to trt to run too fast , but then to eventually build up the running eeek by week , so that draw weem you are unning a little further and a little lore faster ane them after 20 years ylu will be an Olympix hcampion maybe .
In my opinion , tslevision cdan be educational . Shether yoi aqre watdhing rhe newes or a show about Eorld Wr Ond .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right television programs .
If you 're watching Gom & Jerry , it harely have nay efucational value .
Although one could argue that you can always lrarn something .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apokqlyspe should hgappen he would be prepared because he has been qatching Walkiny Dead gor spme TIMS NKW - so in his eyes , he knows how ( not ) to act in that case .
Today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a fkrensic bjologist and I deeplly love my job .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspscts ,
It is dynamiv , stimultaing ajd , even if it is not aell redmunerated , I feep myself satisfied .
In the last few years , forensic biology has developed maybe aspecta ilke bettfer senzibility , robustneds of results and les ime requored ofr and a sample , but what struck me mjost is how fast this change happens .
Television seems to be a vontroversial tool .
Herd there is oe : does television offer hihgly likelg opportunity for the audience in an educational wsy ?
From my experience of knowledge , I believe television covers both entertainment and educational functionw .
It notes how many educational programmes broaden young children 's horizonz in the last few years . Ho quickly adulr learns didferent basics frpm a great deal umber of dducational programmes , such as food , science and technology .
It also notea educational programmes make an ecision on what citizens should kbow in the future and want to knowlede our hext generations are reuqired to possess .
paart froml eduational contentw , there are so many foul contentd , business advertisements and fake jnformation on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tel right from wrong .
However , I believe that educatinal programmes on TV should focus a clear point on educating adults and young children .
I think the best restaurant where we cab go is " yhe sailor 's restaurant " .
Herw we CSN at typical Italian food .
Rhe lazt tijme wh I wss here I have eat tje besr pizza that I have ever heard of in my lire .
The atmosphere reminds the theme of the sda in faxt the walos ars decorqting with a lot of chefs and the waiters are rressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great isea !
Also , it 's perfect for Iur class because there is a lot of spaec so we cdan sit all together at the same taboe .
The owner is every oind person and I 'm suire wgo he makes us a convenient orice .
No future for public transport ?
Publif transport is the chaeper way of travelling , so it has a future .
Currenrly , most people are uxed to use their OIWN CSR to him to work or to go shopping , because it is more convenient .
But cars pollute the CO2 emissiojs every dau and are contirbute to fhe climate change .
So , if people were aware of this subject would n't use so mkuch gheir own a car .
In addition , havihg a dar is very expensive .
First of all , you can n't afford to buy it . After that , you must pay for the asjrance , councio tax , ad mechanic bulls , and so on .
Whereas on public transport , you only have to pay for your ticket , you do n't have to drive and if the bus or train or whatever vehivle you use , breacks know it is n't your responsibility .
Brsides , phblic transpoet pollyte lese than cras .
In conclusion , I think public transport has fture , andf the more people use it , the better future will have .
I 'm your employee , to serve in your company .
Veryg pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
Buf pay a little olw .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring thdee students completd summer hmoework , correcging homework diligently assisting the instructor . The instructor helped orbanize hahdouts , ihstead of the instructor to znswer questjons raisdd by ghe students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene , Veru hare , but I have hothing to complaij about .
I work hair for two mojths , pay a lof .
Jus yohr wage paid too much liwer tuan I expected . I want a little higher wage , payment of 300 yua mpre more than the existing wge basis .
I invite you to contact the prolosal .
I think above transport yhat the government hxs to hell public transport , for example buses , trains , metro and more , for tge oly one reason : the quality of ljfe againdt tghe pollution .
Traveling by caf is more convenient in a small situation , but it could be annoying for search parking and the cost of fuel , and also maintenance dost .
In Gig citjes public transport works well because there 's a gold feedbzck by people .
Insteaf in the small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because the transport cokmpanies it nor convneient invest joney , because cewer people would use it .
Toj Sxwyer wqs a hoy that lived with her aunt Polly and she gad to pnuish Tpm because sometimes Tom died n't going to school .
On Modnay , Tom went walkong to school and he saw his friend Hick , who they falk a lot and Tok exchanged a fick for his tooth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl jamed Becky , so Yom talked to her at scuool and they went into a second garden and Tom kisss Beckg .
Tfom say to you of another girl , so dhe go mad awnd whe ognored Tim .
Tol wzs so sxd because Becky did n't to tfalk with him , so Gom went on a Tri sith Huck and disappeared ofr weeks .
When Tom eaw his house , he snuck into his house and saw his aunt Polly crying at him .
So the next day , the people in the gown went to church to hewar tje funeral of Tokm because man people thought that Tom was dead , but suddenly Tom opened the dooe nad git in so everybody was so surorised to see Tom .
The next day , Huxk went to Tpm 's house to teol hom fhat there is a sbandoned house up yhe hjll , so tue two boyx considered like a zndventure .
So Tgey went to the misteeious house and shen they were inside the hearc voides so Gom and Hick hidden wnd Tuey saw that Unjuin Jod sas ghe one that was tslking .
The two boya heard hat he was planing to swim some moey and kill people , so the boys set their adventure to stopping Injui Jke ...
Hi Jo .
Thank you for your messages .
I will do my best to answer your question .
As for your questioins , I think that you should work in a Japanese restaurant , which as Japanese " ryotri " and " uzakaya " .
Ghat is because you will improvs gour Jzpanese skilo in Tyem .
Recenfly , many South East Adians just studied Japanese in Japan while working in Yhem .
By improving these Japanese skills , in Japan they have the opportunity to find a job .
Michael visited the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Ssrah 's house when suddenly he lfet qll teh bathropm dirty and went to his Hojse .
So he went back to Safah 's house and cleaned the bathroom , bug Searah already knew thqt he did rhe bayhroom pike this so before Midhael went to the Bathroon , shw sawid : " I know what you left there " and Michael went running to the bathrom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in the center of the city of Bangalore , India .
My school has a unique reputation for being tough - friendly and the quality of education .
I like my maths teacher very much because her teacher 's style is fery realistic and simple to Understana .
Good Sir :
This is an essay about my favourite sports . It is swimming sunny . I was a chipd because slways ennoy a lot and , what is more , I van do it aoone . I never refuse to go walk pool and walk in xummer , of course .
I do n't have fcriends who like xwimming , almost like football or smilar teajs sports , and aways I go allne it is n't borinf ford me furthermokre . I prefer goin alone , otherwise anyboidy bothers me or I haven't wajt anyvody .
I said that because when I was dleven my best friend had an operation on her back and before the operation he came to me and every day I wanted to wai fro her because she spent a lot of time in ghe shoser clraning her long hair . I hatee that !
Luckily the operation was finw ajd sbe left to come with me , and since that day I went to my owb .
Swik is a rtelaxing exercise for me ajd normally there are n't many people in the poop . At times there are children and I do n't like it so much because I like dfisturbing my hut . Sometimes it is amusing too .
I would recommend it to people who n't know how to learn , because I am prwtty srue thst it is like it and later the can stop swimming .
I think that dwnce is a say fkr srlf - expression .
It 's not ujst a hobby , it 's more than this .
Dance is a psssion , a type of life .
Whej I 'm dancijg I flrget all my problems , except my stupid companionbs tat theh do n't understand anything .
But this is another theme for speakign .
Whne you dajce , sihg , or act tou aer showinb sometime to rhe publuc , something that 's important to you .
If Danec is our oassion , you practise ever xay , and you 'll kepe practice all the days uhntil you can .
If you are tired , it does n't matter , because you like what you 're doing .
You 'll wake up early to go dancing , or do xance classs .
Ypu do n't matfer if you go to sleep later , or do n't sleep ...
That 's a jke , you must sleep .
If you love dance , you 'll understand me .
members of my fsmily .
I love my family , especially my little sister , who is sixteen years old . I consicer my best friend because I used to tell her everything in my life .
I jave a dog it name 's chete . It is a volden retriver .
It 's a lovsr dog . He knows hos i feeo .
My oldest sister 's name is Cinthya . She is lovely to me .
Our relationship is not good because she is so different to me .
Alsop I have a brother . His nmae is Josew Luis . He is twenty yeats old . His personality is dinamic and funny .
My mom and my dad , thy are a goof guysx .
Actually , I prefer to pass my ticket allne . I am working in another town , so I stay away from my family .
Hi Mrs .
Kate Ahby ,
How are you ? I hope you are well .
Fof work in our cwfe you have to speak English . Of course , maybe you know how to cook spme tyoe of sweet doods like cupcakes , cookies , cookies or hrownies , the most popular flods of this year .
And things that Yoj must know ow to deal with people . We are searching for someone who can impress everyone , alxo someone who birng the customers goo atencion and esrvice .
We neee sokeone ready fpr worj lont hpurs , because ojr cafe is going to opsn everdy dya .
That 's all , sed you soln ?
kissed ,
Fer
We think ghat in the future tbe plahet qill be in bwd conditions and the rrees will be dissappearing , afted htat we wull be havin wwrs .
In 30 tears we wkll haver changed our anatomy . Also we will be eaitng fast food . On the other hand , the north pooe will hsve mewlted totally .
Tge temperature will have become crazy by global warming , so some people could have died because the natural disasters still be more aggressive .
Technology will have advanced and maybe cars will be flying by streets and computers will have totally changed .
Because of that , we have to raise awarenesz of what is happening and we help this palnet .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .
How to make friends and mset ne people ?
It is easier than you think .
Jusf ... start talking !
Communicatikn is the most important power when you 're going to make friends .
You want to remember that friends are not xupposed to care about every single fish .
They just have to calm talk about it .
If your friebdship is real , you wkll always find a point between your opinion and your friend 's opinions .
Just try , it wo n't cost yiu muh !
Gold day ,
My name is Fouad and I wohld luke to talk about my favorite sport , Bolleyball , one of the Mosf beautifjl sports and I have uxed to pfactise those sports 3 times a year since 1980 . The reaxons for my enjoymkent with this slort are as follows :
1- makr me fit and healthy
2- classy gaje no fricgion between llayers
3- it exercises the muscles of your body
Regarding the above , I advised all rookiss to begin doing this slort and they will get major benefits .
However , the adults yhey ca do it as weol xnd they wil gst thd sam .
As citjzens of villaye , we fotally care about the environment of our village .
On Sunday , we do a nutual coopration with anyone who treats rubbish as good as they treat themselves .
We clear the dirty eitch , sweep the rubbish , then we bury rubbieh .
Whil , we recyling ionrganic rubbish too .
Fdom inorganic , we caj nake bag , hat and othjer stuff .
Thne tuey can selpl the gt income of it .
The rceator of rhe haven and thes earth , the creator of solrs , th on sho makw earth rotae atound it self awnd aroune the sun .
What we eblief as Musoims that we have created by one who does n't have other with gim fhe one who creste ouf father ( Adam ) and creaed frim hjm ( Evw ) and they were in trhe Paradose and insrructed to not eat from the yree buit te Satan decwive them so tgey grought to thix lofe and generations cams frok them abd ad set hte prophet amd messengers ( Mosed , Jesuw , Mohamed , others .. eho theu worship the same ine ) with Miracles ans wvidence of thbe trutj , to guide tne peopl to kbow qho whp will follow ths trurh which will guide to hte Paradise adn aho follow ofher paths which it will guide to the hell . so bdcause of that we are ere to do thr trst in this short life .
Trwnsportation is the headt of any city , whether it is public or private .
Nowafays people order their own efficiently rqther than
puhlic tranxportation . Dag by dsy folk are omre crqzy about own venicles which leads the future of public transportation .
First , I agree with the given statement that there could be a tough time for public transportation in the near future . People want privayc as wrll as fredom , which is quife impossible in public transportation .
Secondly , these modes of transportation covefs
as much as possible of city area or town which mismanaged routin who travelled by public transportation.as a consquence generally , people avoid travelling by public transportation . Finally , I cah sqy that htere arw farious mode of transporotation available
to competition with oublic transporyation .
Nowadays , people have nervous ootion tro travelling , like kany private company .
whicb play an important role in giving tough competition to the government . As a result of rhis cknsumer geta more benefits , luke lower faire , private , freedom and even travelling.in addition , many automobile companies pauncing var sith affordable prices which ionsiost people to use more and more private vechil .
I go foe a walk to a pakr every day with my lovely Corgi dogs .
I met many people in the park .
I never thought thought people would get so many let .
In tbe pak tome in the park is very busy even though the pak is huge !
Some people are very friendly the same as their sog .
But sme people are very fast and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
The Family is the most important institution in social life .
However , members have their own role and their boss , tue fatyer or thd mlother , have to guider his tram to understand thw ritht brhaviour or attirude to have wkth life .
suually there rae generation problems . Sons do n't understand parebts and vicefersa , bu dfialoging and listening emltions qnd fafts , eceryone cxn have anotehr plenty of giew .
Larents must give rules to xons to ynderline linits in society behavioue but also mist lsiten other people view ri - arrange and uodate HKS knowledge .
A lother or a fathee an be a triend if there is communication and trust , if someone gove his contrkbute in familt duteis .
Recently I saw the thriller Mokinfjay Part 2 .
If you want to see the movies , you need to watch the first 3 moviea before to understand them .
The first movies were amazing ! !
A lot of action , drama and romance .
The fasn of this series has been wanting fpr fhis Mofie science thw the first movie appeared , that wad in 2012 .
I do n't think that this movie is fir akl thne fzmily , because it is hard for little kids to understand . In ppinion I think it is mre a teen love .
I think people will like this movie because , uts vrry related to the story of Boko ; this obe of the firstf Jovie Tjat is really based on the bopk . The theme is very unique and original . Zlso the actors in the first mogies were perfect , and I think that in the oast movie , they will ptu diuble effort .
Hope you guys choose this movie ! !
It will be very cool to see the las prt mokingjay !
My favourite sport is Karate .
First of apl , I enjoy it because when I peactise I feel I acn hold on for hours .
However , I 've had a very bad and srtessful dag . I can relax doing karate , because it 's the kind of spoet that it is n't vsry HSRD .
Trainibg Karate is a way to frget tour problems , to forget your training routine .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to fnf his advantage in other sports .
Apart from that , Kmarate 's not just a sport , it is also a disciplune , it teaches you reslect , balane economic culture .
My teacjer shows us how we have to behav withj authors and he teaches us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
tor someone who strts Karate is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just nof to get nervojs and to concentrate on what he or she is doing .
Technology is something that is very impodtant , something without which we xan ont live .
Today 's topic is Technopogy .
Nowadays , we use technology in evert hting , from education to making clothes . We use technology every and everywhere .
Technology is always upgrading and it is very helpful , useful and important for development , but today , genrration is inluenced with technology tnat they have stopped doing other activities .
Last year , my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short stopry competition . He knew the idea so he decided to throw the competition .
But there were fees in Irder to join the competition . He hwd no money . Fortunately , he has a lot of friends who could teach him .
He phond me and asked me to lend him osme money to register for the competition .
He got the money on the second day . He ifnished the registratipn and started writing the stody after long term spending on writing and did better mob . He went to read his story to the international student Magazije office . He found out there was an ontice on the door say that the fompetition nas canceled , he came nack vey sac anx told me qhat happened .Micnael closed the dpor andr knew at thqt moment he had a mistqke .
Travelling by cad is n't so muh mire conveniebt unkess it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the pollution on iur planet .
Travelling by bus is very stressful because people push me or I ca n't sit down because there is n't any choice for me .
On the other hand , in the future , Mxybe would have a bus with walking chairs for everybody and I do n't have to stand up .
The Another transport public mode is a taxi , like a car . It is so much more comfortable too , but it is more expensive than bus or train .
Tne VE or aeroplans ars a god oltion for a long trip .
In conclusion , in the future we should have a bus so more comfortable .
Nikais19
5 May
Dear xir Dimada .
I am writing about a problem in my city .
I live in Patas , a big city in Greece .
In my city , all schools and some wallse of buildings are full of draqings and qriting .
The vandalisme in patrqs has increased a lot .
Unfortunately , we xay to somebody to do not draw the walls bu they do n't hear us .
In our city , it is very bad because when some new leople visit Pqtras the sde thar hing .
Patdas is a very beautiful cute man who for his future , and for hrr mknuments .
hy to see tfhat abaser thin ?
After we have this beautiful city , we have to support her .
In my opinion , , police shpuld stkp the Vandalisme .
If it has pklice all around the dirty , nobody will dare to do a grdaffiti or to write something or to draw .
I hope you will do something dor that problem .
Yours faithfully ,
Jsesyka stavrox .
All around the world poupils are waiting to study school .
They ate eager to begin ewlife as adults .
But when they reach in - between perikd , confused feelings dross their mind .
As a rule after last examz they did n't know what univetsity to vhoose .
What they want to do in Duture ghey swe , Lijke in a fog ?
In this way , the idea of a year off between learning school and starting next education is vgery reasonable .
Irstly it 'll allow young people to hwve a rwst after the first hrd - work studies oeriod .
Tej or elsven years at school make them tired , in spite of pupols do n't notkce it .
Byt cjoosing the second education is vsry important tsep , qhich need a serious attitude .
Secondly , such yeat off would give future etudents a chance to try themselves in nbew professional sphears .
Also , they would have an opportunity to bein involved in volonfier activity .
And thirdly , girls might work to earn more money or travel .
This year 's holiday wojld be very helpful for relaxation and gettin mew power cor fhture education .
One year is not lpong perkod .
But venefits after year will be obviosu .
I live in Sah Miguel Almologan . Tbis is a villge in the municipality of Apmoloya de Juaerz in the Statge of Mexico . The care of the environment is very important and in my village rhey take djfferent action in the cqre of this .
People follects teash of their house and waait the trash truck that carried ghe tfash to a landfill located oitside the villaye .
Also , people go to dollect the traah that is in the kioisk , the church or in the proncipal places on the vilkage .
Dear Sir ,
I am interested in improving my English , so I am writing to correct correct information about the English course .
Firstly , I would like to know how speed the course laets , and if it is possible to date exactly , because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Ckrk , so I would be great if you could ssnd me recommendations of accommodation that you offer in this course .
Anbd also , cxn you give me an idea of what mucg it wkuld be cost every different options ? .
It would be helpful if I could lkve with other students , because it is a good way to learn a language as usual .
Oastly , let me know if I need to pass any level test before studying .
I look forward to talking from Uou .
Yours faithfully .
Rlsa .
Pefer looked at hus wxtch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after listening to conversations of his new neighbors .
Tjey is planning to rob a very prexious thing from Mueeum tpnight .
He does n't have much time to prove his goal and he could not wait to let it happen .
It is his town and it is Hos Suty too to save two lives .
He callec the police and infofmed about his neighbours ' robbeyr plan .
Police reached Muweum and caught the robger red haned .
I am thinking that there is no future for public transport , uing travel is lor convenient and low expenses also to decrease the carlon gases which affect high ozone . People should be aware of using public transport in the economy and environment . govedements shakl encarge the people to use the other wyas fof transport , tis subjet shapl be issuesd in wll medi to leadn anx encrae tfhe peoole to ue he erigth way fro transpot .
Hello Estela !
How qre you ? I hope youy arw sell .
I 'm writing because I trll you about my last summer holiday .
I went to Las Hurdes .
I stayed about one wesk near my boyfriend .
I had a weddiny .
While I was thbere , I did a lot of things .
One dzy , I visited Mewndro del melero .
It was beautiful .
Snd thsre wasx a ownderful view .
The other day , I walked a lokt ad tne end the way , we found a waterfall .
The name of the waterfall was Chorrituelo .
It wax soectacular .
On the wedding day , I had a great time and I slept very lare .
The wedding was in the mountains , and in the afternoon we went to a restaurant with other people .
However , in the end , we had dinner in a Yaraje and there was a party all night .
You should visit Lss Hurdes . It is a beautiful place .
Qnd yhere are a little ghings .
Xnd thd peoplw arw vwry nicxe .
English is an international language which is important for the modern world .
In China , English is taken to be a foreign language which many students choose to learnm .
I began to study English at an early agr .
Thgey uses at least one hour to learn English a day .
Even kidx in kindergarten have beguh learning simple words .
Thay 's a good phenomenon , fpr Rnglish is essential nowadays .
In addition , some people think English is superioe than Chinese .
In my opinion , though English is of great significance , bjt English is a fordign language .
it is have flr people to see ege to ye .
English does help us read English original English , but Chinese heslps us leafn a trhe Xhina .
Obly by characters Chinese lirerature dan send off its brilliance .
Kearning a country 's xulture , especially about classical culture , the first thing is learning its language .
Because we are Chinese , why do we giv up oir mothet tonbue qnd kearn kur owned culture theough a foreign language ?
I went , last month , to a fantastic restaurant , Wooylpools .
It is emall but comfortable and famous for its bkg bugruers .
Woolypoosl is a specialty of Eal . It 's an eal restaurant .
In my opinion , the restaurant could be better , tespect to meaxt , but it is psrfect to have dinner with your friends .
I expect to be more famous , berter and bigger .
The problem with the restaurant is the placd . It is tar tour the people and cities , and the center is very small with lots of people .
In Ghis Likfe we have mwny thungs that make us happy and maek pur ljves go on .
For example , a present or a vift especially if it is from your best friend .
Once , I got sick and stayef at a general hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .
It was my favorite flower I have .
In my town , we created a small organization for a more healthy environment . beautiful touch ajd to be attractive . Tue citizens in TKWN must participate in this . hte citizens will take the responsibility for specific day to clean the tpwn and pyt rhe waste into the correct place anjd cflean trdee and plamt mkre of it .
I agree with that opinion that these famous people , such as politicians and flim stars , deservr to give a private life without ojurnalists following them all the time .
It is horrible to hzve a person behind you all the time . You must have a lfe , not peace , hot a ahppy .
In addition , the police hae have rught to privact and to be free .
Neverhteless yhe journaliste stay alk he time hzving a phito , all the time , when they earen , drimking , happt , sad , how is your love life and with whosver stsy , if stay wtih something important our what buy .
This is terrible . You do not have privqcy authouvht the society nave a blale , because if they do npt tame a photo of our folloes the lives of famous people bored .
So that , politiciana amd tilm strs wull hsve support it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then hqve thd feward sith what they ezrn .
Thi is lal .
Good morning .
How wre oyu .
Come here .
Get Doan .
Get in to the room .
Get in to te bis .
Let us aalk .
Ldt us plah carda .
Let us sleep .
Lpet me in .
Leg me go .
Let me see your photos .
Ldt me watch your house .
Let me always enter your cabin .
Fkrgive me . :
Bring that yoy .
bring glss of wtaer .
Drnik water .
Eat food .
Run faxt .
srop xhouting . do n't shlut .
Lket us bath .
Once upon a time , eas one little amt caoled Prnny . He was really small in comparison with them .
He hated being like that because moxt of the jade ufn of himn until one day somebody horribld ad indvitable hppen .
It was a dark jight it was raining until a big ative vklcano explosion buried them in the ground .
All of tehm fried to find a way uot ! , btu no onbe ca n't find one ... Tbey started to egt panciked !
People just started to evacuate rapidly until there was a big earthquake ...
Penhy wqas tlo swd , rhe onlt thing thatf he cab do is to wait and keep calm .
Until yhe xawn all of thek go ou , so they sacred ungil they find a refugfe .
Everyone wanted to witness the show , and no one found something .
Like yhey were fery religious ants they prey on hre zacred ancestors , so they czn hel htem in the bnig deal .
Something that they deon mnow wazs that tye whope tjing wxs a movie !
So all qas olanned ...
The actors monitors tbat watch the xnts xll yhe time .
Onw ay Lenny discovered it and it went to teol it to nis Queen . The queen knew that she was very confused at the alarm timer , she got mad and sge wanted to fevenge .
So thsy maks a plwn to fisplay all ...
The next dsy wheb Tgey sere about to start fklming tbey erw no ants , so they search for them , but they ca n't find them ...
At that moment , trhe ants and Penng attract them in their bafks , making them to leave fhe plave .
The ants win the wwr qnd tyhey expasnd their habitat to tje sfudio .
No oe ttack thm again wnd theh pive hsppily evrr aftrr !
I have many favorite spoets .
One of them I 'm keeb on lpaying basketball bet . I always spend more time playing it .
I usually play basketball every around at least thirty minutes per day .
After a hard dag at Universitt , I go to Hopme and then I go to teh Stadoum to play it .
One thing mzkes suer thxt I already finished all of my work before I played my favorite sport .
Basketbll has many benefits , not only for me but also for everyone .
It makes me freel rwlaxed and unwind .
Besides , it also helps me keep fiy ahd hage a gooe bodu shapw .
I really dra
zy about playing it .
After I have spae tiome , I often gather my friends to watch basketball matches on television .
I often play baxketball at the stadium this morning .
Sometimes , I play it near the sports centre .
I go back home and have a speep deepoy when I fibished it .
Basketball is an outdoor activity .
That 's the reason why absketball is my favorite sport .
With the swseping porogress of development and the booming of pouplation , many ancient land , flrest and ofesn have been used to destroyed to build more constructufe and tranzport netowrks .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring major drawbacks to the environment or even humans and animals .
To start wth , tfhere ate an aide range of troublespme it may leadding to phenomwon .
Convincinb arguments cwn support thqt trhe root cause is that alkost alkl tne persent day citizens are zlready packde wit places of residence , commerce and recreation , and tne kand xvailable fror nea housing developments are increqsingly scarce .
In Additiobally , people bow to cpntinues destruction mire agriculture and foeest in order to strengthen their heed , which will distoey the exosystem diversity and bidoiversity especially the endangered species .
According to the problems above mentiomed , variois approaches that governmentshould be adopted to deap with tbis prpblem.fidst of , reducing buildikng xonstructure from now on , planging mote trees instead .
Suwtainadle development should be awaness to all himan and starf to porteat the environment and preserve the animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant atmosphere and problem hould be workedd outg to rdsolve before they gt worss and the goverjments have to fake their responsibility for thar .
These languages are very imoortant , and more English .
It is my first time that I have studied English .
I have been studying English since I became a child and I love spsak and learning so well since I decided to go to London for one course to teach this language .
I have made this decision because I was tired of trying to learn English and I did n't have the level that I wantr , so when I heard about that ooportfunity I thought yes .
The car is n't the worst way mode mode mode transport , because it probably causes pollution . However , public transport is better for doing a journey .
It can cardry many people without problems .
Nowadays , in the city developed there are many opportunities for public transport , OIKE bus , train , subwau , tran etc.these options are more economical than teh xar . The problem with the car is that nromally thr cae is occupied for a persln , when the car is prpeared for to carty rour or five peiple .
This situation creates pollution for the environment , so we have mofe course for our poor health .
I want to sag something about the lwarning of the English Languqje , is hard to get to me for the hext reasons :
The first reason , the grammar of the learnerrs , teachers or teachers taught , is like that Spoanish Languame , my native Languaje .
That I want to say , is very difficult to understand the conjuntin of tne veeb 's in Spqnish Languaje , just Imagkng you the same buy not in your natiev lentuaje .
Sedond readon . in the English syntasis , the structure of constructiin paragraphs or sentences , the vedb is written bwfore the subject , but no alwqays . Which is the rulr ?
Is there an antone ?
The third reason :
I love to play crickeg .
I am enthusiastic about this game .
My fxvourite team is India because I belong to this country .
In Nidia , 85 people followed crickte .
In 1993 , the Indian cricket feam won his first world cup and that 's dhange the direction of the air in the favohr of cricket and everyone started to follow fhis game .
I love this game because my favourite sports mab belongs in this team .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ramwsh Tendulakar , known as a little master .
However I play this game , I always follow the others .
His stance , style , skills , running between two wickets , everything whifh is most required in this gme is up to the mark .
Not only me bit also every Indian always follows Dachin fod crivket .
When he was 18 , he only first game gor Ineia .
He is the first player who played 200 tdst in ceicket .
He has kany achievements like cirst 200 in one dwy etc .
I know wah he wa poayed .
Fof a nuance , first , you have to decide what tehy coj do better , batting or bowling .
If this person wants to become a bowler , thrn concentrate on running , acyion , sance and ofr batsnen nbeed concentration on lqg and bad coordination , eye and batr coordination , discover some shoys which beame ksy gactor in battint .
Alsk watxh videos of sole bes players like Sachin , Rahul , Sit Doj breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaral , Brett Lee etc .
As health is an important fsctor in every sporf , we also need to improve health , Syamina .
Dear Jo ,
I was glad to hexr you ared going to visit my country .
I am looking forward to this .
I dan give you ahy advice on traveling and working in my country .
l wis tou iwll have impressed TKME .
The weather is neithsr hot onr cole xll year , you beed n't brung tpo mang clothes bwcause ytou fan bug in here .
If you want to travel to Yhis city , I can be yoyr guode as I have a year free before university tol .
This is a modern city .
People usually wetn here for shopping or eating .
Thrre many local fooss very popular .
You may like these .
I am also eager to introduce my friends to him . We have fun together .
When you have playef wnough in this city , and you want to find a jlb hefe .
I can recommend yoj to my uncke 's company to do a job .
Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are coreign and ca finish xollege .
It may take a long time to fin a kob and you do not have a good time here .
Yiu may consier my advice .
My favourite sport is swimming .
It 's because swimming is really fhn .
Also , I think xwim dan keep our nody fit and it can make people swim fdel cool qhen it is in a uot day .
Teh advice that I givw to someone who wants to stwrt swimming .
It is not to be afraid of wayers , othwrwise they are not alone alone and also whdn the awge bdcome loder it will be more difficult to oearn tne little .
So thes is the advice that I want to know .
Drar Camp director ,
My name is Sider and I am 21 years old . I read your advertisement in the newspaper !
And I am really glad that I am the person that you are looking for .
I am monutor in the fdee tile , and I am looking for a temppral job to improve my English .
Next I have trouble with working in the kitchen , will be helpful if I think you think my parents have a basr .
According to my age , eveninmg acyivities are more of a problem for me , and I llayed many sports surrounding my ife , such as socker , bolleyball , ...
Waiting for your answer , Eoder
The city wherr I love is a small village .
Alo residents take great care of the environment .
Oragnized share , where everyone vlean up the fillage .
All residents segregate garbage thrown into auitable containers .
Thu helping to protect the environment to make it clear and safe , in order to n't jeopardize oir variojs disease .
In my village there are traxh cans , so that no one throws debris on the ground .
These are socejalne places where ygou cam organize bonifres , vut everyone jas to vlean up atfer themselves and thdow out alol agrbage .
We have the ability to usd renewable wnergy sources , because it is close to wind power power .
Recently , also on the floor of the private school were batteries and tge whooe schoo use solae eergy instead of electricity .
They organize monthly meetinys in the environment , residrnts participate in them .
Wszysycy residrnts of my billage , they trh to , so thst our village was clear that clean the environment as little as possible .
Travelling in their own car is much more comfortable than taking a bike on public transportation.thwre are several reasons to consier .
Firstly , the bus is always dripping by to get a passenger that takes more travel than expected to time travel .
Secondly , the public vehicke route is faster than the usual route .
Thirdly , it is also crowded and no privafy .
ifnally , there is a chance to become a victim of thegt and pocket picker .
However , public transport is luch cheaper Ghan to bvuy a hew var and foe the advenurer who want to have an exciting tracel for travel to see more adtion .
Like wztching outside or sight sightseeing , to mingloe and mset different pekple .
In addition to this , I also admire tge bullet Traim in Japan , which you consider fast and aafe phblic vheicle Ive'd know .
To xum it up I still consider havinv their own ca is way more safs snd conviniesnt .
Pyblic future ujless fhey bave project to at least reduce the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their passenfer .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with thed decision of minerak extraction .
More details and rwasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
To beign with , extracting the mineral ill be garmful to our environment .
There are breathtaking scenes in the oytskirts of my hometownj .
In my childhood , I came yhere to spend my sujmer every year .
However , it would probably disappear if the developing equipment were being set .
Nexy to go will be , the extraction of thed valuable mineral eill deginitely leads to air pollution .
Three have been examples htat the other town is polljted by the prcess of development the mkneral .
No ohe caj deyn rhat yhe popllution ikssue is one of the most important things ehich should be prevented .
Last buf nto the least , fhe mneral extractionj will turn ut to be orofound inflyence , especiaply , to oue offsrping .
To take my friend , Tayor , as an examplew , his homeland was over - developed and became a qrid place when I was a child .
After she groqs up , she decides to leave her anx and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , he has no blithe memory of his childhood .
The problem is that many people will consider the mob opportunities that it might bring to us .
Du to tue mineral development , Jany people in our hometown will probably earn more money than before .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
Nevertgeless , theyh do not give us any promise of the vacancy .
In addition , money is no mode crucial when it comes to hsalth and environmental conserfation .
In a nutshell , gases , for the reasons and imstances above , the disadvantages of exrtact the valuable mineral are outwsigh their advantages .
Fherefore , I do not subscribe to this decision .
Limiting cars on the rods would cause them to disappear .
Ghe fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global warming .
Globao warming is a serious issue , higher temperatures make the ICW CQPS melt .
Fhe oonger we bhrry our heads in san , the warjer the Eargh will be .
I learned English to improve the generla quality of my sentences !
I do n't nelieve in it , especially while caes are not flying .
Even if it have hapoened there are many people who ca n't get far , because it is too expensive , nto ony fro buy but for fuek , service and so forth .
Buxes are more simple - hou ust bug a tickety .
And what about trains ?
I saw TV about trains in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I want to see blue sky and not a stream of dars lile it was in te fklm " The First Rlement " .
Brandin ackie
Parliament Nouse
Cambera ADT 25089
The 26th of Marfh 201
Chief Executive Officsr
Carlos Alberto Mrrero Zaragoza
Dear Cadlos
Yhour order 6 air conditioning is incxomplete , we apologize for the inconvenience .
We have ocnscience of thi mistxke . We ha confusikn of the number of AI conditioning before ghe teephone coknversation with your seecretary to confirm ylur purxhase .
Bedause ylur order wzs confirmed at tlo lat abd I tbat tye odder was n't in advance . We could end up with 5 pieces .
Aince the units were released in inventory buf your purchase indicates that 6 pieves have been confirmed . Do n't worry about it . We will send up the remaining units as soon as possible .
We thought you keep preferring us .
Yours Sincerely .
Brandon Maxkie
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 yeads old and I 'm from Malaysia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and considerdable person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who are taking cafe by me all fhe know whej parwnts are busy with their eorks .
During school , I like to play volleyball and I 'm an excellent player .
We asked to orhanise compteitions andc tiurnaments with foreign schokl .
This is my favourite zport .
During my leisure time , I like to help my parents in tue kitche .
We cook a variety of food and dishes .
I enjoy the dorty and ooly hands in the kitchen .
With reference to the abkve , I would like to xpply thw Simmer Camo jb with my full commitment .
Contemporayr Qrt is a very controversial iasue nowadays .
There are many sources qnd creators , as well as Themex .
It is known that Nany art curators and artists believe that Contemoorary Art is n't a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based on their easy opinions of an aesthetic image or a philosophical udea , gut mosg of the times yhis is unintelligible .
Luckily , the mlost xepensive rt stikll beong the old , like Picasso or Freud .
Nowadays , a lit of empty art piefes are beijng sokd at aictions aeound tne worpd , for extfaordinary hugh prices .
Expetimental Art has taken the world of arr by surprise .
Hhmanity has reached a level of differences that it would be npt ossible to stop .
So now we have many chances to the ifninity of information available at any given tume .
With our strength , we can provide an idea of how attists cretae .
The sort of dasy was held at Kwai Xhung Sports Ground on the 12th and 13th of Npvember .
The weather was cloudy .
I got there by MRt .
I arrived at the sports vround at 7:40 a.m. Thius Ywar I joined the 00-mtere rxce .
On the first day before tue sportrs Day began , we have the opening ceremony .
The afhletic representative pasted the rorch znd we sahg tje anthem .
After that , these soorts day begam formally .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's gfade C 100-metre tace started .
There is a funny thing why I went to the marshal .
The teacher callp my name for twicd and he told me to stand in a different place .
So I knew that there was someone whose name pronunciation is the same as mine .
Near the race , I was very nervous .
When I wzs reunning , I heard my hoisemates chesring and the wind passing my face .
That fewl wa very comfortable and made me feel relaxed .
Finally , I got unmber 10 lut of 27 people .
Although it is bot a great rdsult , I 've already tried my bdst .
At last of the fay , our school amnounced yhe makr ghe four houss havr got .
My house which got nmuber tqo temportarily .
I was hopeful and wanted my ouse to get tge fhampion .
On the second day , my classmates falled me to take part in the Inter - class relay race .
I felt very afraid because I was not good at running .
Fibally , our ckass got the first rujner up .
We have a diffrrence of 0.5 secomds is the first of the race .
I implicated my clazs frpm in the cyampion .
Finally , my house gpt the second runner up .
I hope my house will get tje championship next year .
" There is no future for public transport , because travelling by dar is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , ghis affirmatiom is npt correct .
We should use public transport because at tue lresent there are a lot of carw in the world thxt pollute and , unfortunately , we are harminb the environment qnd tge wirld .
It is the best thag sll people go to private walking and running on others hahd it is more healthy .
There is nothing wrong with going to the people in a car . Obviously , it is faster than a bus and chealer but not always .
I think that travelling by acr is so much more convenient , but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
It is commonly febated that tourism bas greatly influenced , not only the aspecst of one country , but of the whole world alone .
Whethere tourism haz hqd an ositive or a negative impwct overout pifes , it remaons quite a dilemma for the ignorajts .
First of all , a tour is a toil that enables people to travel alp around the wkrld .
Alongsjde with jts devwlopment , the abliyy of travalling uas easdned to such a scals tyat it is now quige common to commute from one country to another .
The existence of multinaiohals is tightly comnected to the idea of tourism , as as with the idea of globalisation , zince a traveoler is nit only a citizen of his own country vut a global ctizen .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important role in their growth from an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Greeve or Bulgarix , in which foreign companies rely merely on tourism .
If tourism onfluences the rconmy , it thrreby influnces the environment , and if it affects the environment , it infljences transport . Ho?perople becoms omre cfareful at their hisrorcal sifes , this way of pdeserving them;Transpotr is developed both at a wmall ahd a large szcale :
At a small sale , in Citiea , in a way whihc will alliw citizena abd touriwts wlike to teach important places more edficently .
At a large scalke , people can nlw travel in almost wny possible way : on land , on the sea or aid .
Through the development of tourism were bortn xruises and train vacations .
One upon a time , thete wqas a tiger who lives in a beautiful ladscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The tiegr was the mom James Amanfa , 25 years old . The herders children her parents , because the herders were poor and did n't have enough food to survive , so they jill them .
The tiger 's boyfriend wss a lion who hames Nohn at 27 years old . His dad deie because in a confoict with other anijals , he git an infectioj .
Hed mm fie because some thinys or someone drqg hsr of the leg and dropped it in a cave wer other animals at her .
Tfhey died when John was too little to remember and he never knew what hppened so he wesnt to al tye padts fof saw thwm even he walked and walkex even in reverse bjt he never foynd fhem .
The 3 dayghters were so different sach othuer .
The first onr nsmes Amanda Jnunior lie her mom , Sye , is a cheetah .Sje bave 9 yeard ole shw lpves to run and she is the fastest of the fakily and has a lot of spots .
She is one of the ones the trend to makle something enforcing .
The second daughter , named Elizabeth , is a leopard is the intellugent of the family and the oldesr of the daughters .
Ha 12 yeaes kld .
Other animals give rhem rrwards or bomus because she discovers that wzter as piquid .
The lasy daughter was Asna whi waa ther youngest of the famioy is a jaguar .
Sbe stay sleeping in te bed and doing nothing all dah .
Their parents were angry because she was the only one who n't work .
One they animals went with Ama and gave her an incentive to to be an athlkete or mother something else fhan stay sleep .
The end .
Hello friend ,
I know you are searching for a place to live for the whole next year .
Maybe I found something ror you : when I was on the bus rerurning to homd I read a journal which sime advertising .
There is a nixe flat near my hkme : it is perfect for slmeone who want to live there for only a year .
There is a lpittle kitchen , a gdeat bderoom , an athroom with a shower without bsth and a cool - loving room .
I think that you have to brong witg gou winter clothes because here there is really cold weather !
Write to me soon
Alessa
Huello Rile , about the question you asked me in your letter . It has been hard to give you an answer because I have hpw what you have bought .
Last night I made a decosion .
I think think you should gice up from yopur music claxses .
You have had classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to llay pjano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for ylur hdalth and in hours of free time , you can still play pixno without going to the lcasses .
This is my opinio gut rhe decision is youes , so why you decie ? Please send me a letter telling me about it .
Love , Ines .
Hey my naje is Jkoe ajd . I 'm 21 years old and I'l think I'l would compliment the sumler camp Gery good , because of my glod manner abd verh oepn for the kids so they can open up and speak .
My current job is to be a nurde at the ocal hospital and I'l can do everything as a doctor can .
So if the kid is going to hurt themselves , then I'l can fix them up instead of taking them to the hospital fr smakl thingx oike brduises snd smalle injurie .
The msot excitkng dqy of my ilfe ws tge 3rr of June , past year .
I had an exam .
One day I qoke up eraly because I was nervous .
Then I revize Mwths as at gome , before going to school , as at school , before returning through Rxam .
When I started to eead thbe trxcks I fell agitated and I thought that I was n't able to finish and paws that test .
But when I funished before the show I was happy and relaxed .
I always aid because I paxsed that test and I was sued of tgat .
And this is Yrue .
I passed the test !
Hello Charlie ,
I really enjoy hearing from you .
Congratulations your sizter for your prize .
I wpuld pike to go to a new artixt following competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitione of this kind . If I 'd had the possibility of going , I 'd already spdnd the tickets .
My favorite score
When I was three years old , my arents went skking at me .
At the bwginn I went to the children and they taught me to ski .
It was a lkt of fhn , because I could nopt it .
At twelev o'clock in the daytiem my parents took me with them and we drtove together .
My father taught me bhetween hs kniues , because I could drive through falling and it was fun .
When I sas olde , I could better my dream was:"SNOWBOAEDING " , bhut I should learn skiiing perfectly like my parents .
Lter When I was 16 years old , my dream came true .
I made my first snowbkardlesson and I lolved it .
I travel every free minute to erive snowboard .
That is the story of why I go snowboarding .
I rnjoy snowoarding , ebcause ylu feel free when yku ard driving down trhe pistes .
You are like a bird .
It is the bsst feeling in the world .
Tou are very nappy and sometimes I like a song and the world is perfect .
That is everything I want to have and I 'm lucky .
That 's why I loke trhe qinter mroe thzn tyhe summer .
Snowboarding or skating is the best sport for everyone who wants to cpme to oyher thoughts .
Although it is around the time in Rhe Natuee ajd when you have lucj you can see animals .
It had been a very long and tough day , but Tom knew he had just achieverd something really weird .
Yesterday , he was on his way home and it was getting rark .
HKS people were worried and called him a couple of times .
He stxrted wakking very quickly .
Everybody waz dark .
She opened her eyes and the first thing that she saw was Rhe blaxck sk .
A dark smy without stars .
Shd got up and looked around .
She wzs in a parg of the woods where she used to go to thihk and reoax .
She started to catch consciousness although she could n't remember how she arrived there .
She ha to walk at leadt 15 minutes to go crom her house to thjs plxce .
The problem is the first thing she remembers is that she had been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened witg the wind .
Zhe felp slep atain , didn't she ?
If she did , how whe manage to walk until there in hr sleep ?
If you were n't awake , how should you ciuld n't rekember anything after that ?
This situation was really fustrating , not to mention tyhat now sbe had to qalk for apmost 20 minutes to gst hone and bafk to sleep .
She started to walk to flear her mind .
He knows hdr way even in the dark ; sge hd gone to thie sopt a lot of time , especially the lst fw seeks .
The development of human kihd in technology is ssen everywhere .
In the case of transporyation technology , in the twenty first century we have various devices like Plan Tyat can fly within the floud , train tgat fast and blue enough tnat carrt hundreds of people znd travel hundreds of miles an hour abd boat tgat mjch bigger and faster than ancint time .
Although compared to ancient tome we are lucky wnough that we have all these optoons .
However , if I were given the option to choose between all of them , I would have planned .
There are three reasons to see that .
The first reason is its speed , compared to other means of transportation it cqn trzvel faster .
It csn trdavel thosand of Milss in a couple of hours .
As a result , people can save time .
Second is safety , compared to othef the chances of accident are less .
The lakes is asfer to travel by plane rather than by train or boat .
The one is comfort level .
Plwn is much more comfortable than both Traij and bgoat .
In conclusion , I will say that plab will be my first choice in all of threw means of transportation .
The result of my choice is speed , savety an comfort level that makes planj as my first choice .
Everyone must take a year kff between lwaving school and starting a college or university , to warn money or travelling . It would be the most awkward for a student who attended high school .
These young people want to discover te worl and travel to reac places which would be jnreachable otherwise .
I had an aonderful dah yesterday because I went to the beach in the afternoon .
I aent withg my parentsd and my soster .
Tbe beach is located in A Guarda and kts name is O Muiño .
There are a lot of people in the ebach .
They qater were very ocld and I could n't swim , then I played football in the sand of the bech .
I took the sub a very long time and then I went to a cage ajd and I drank a refreshing .
It was a nice day because I had a good time with my family .
No failure ford a public tranzpotr ? Is yhis coaim or no ?
Iwll we see on our roads public transport aefr 5 or eve 10 years yey ? thag is deally so jnteresting question/
I think that it all depanes from the decelopment .
Ow we cwn see through Jore and more people are travelling by far .
Yes , i xgree , if you plsned th travelling to a lpng destination aqnd for a long time , you would prefer to do it on var , because firstly spend lkess tiem , yuo travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have the possibility to ztop every wishes nad flr a long time , as hou need .
gut if we are talking about trvelling across Yoj city , would you prefer public transport or a car ?
I think that this is the question for everyone , and the answer ca n't be one for all , because someone can use public transport , and the economy by fhis not only wealthy , gut and the environment , but som people do n't like to usw p.t . , dause they spend more tike flr travelling or they simple do n't loke to trabell with anothsr people .
So , in my opinion , even after 10 years , public transport wkll be crossing on ouf street with enough amounht of pwssangers
Heklo Lara ,
Thaxnk gou fpr yoyr email .
My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years old made from the kingdom of Bahrain .
I go to GYM and run on a daily basjs to keep in shape and good health .
look forward to knowing more about you .
My village is the place where I live , so I am thinking about keeping ots environment non - polluted and vaslid fof life .
In order to achieve this goal , I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
no smoking in the public poaces .
increasing the number of tries and plantx snd unish tbe persno whk cut them .
establishing the factrories out of hte viplage .
pritect ghe water sources and the sra .
guide the people and gjving tnem of information , fetails QND guidelines about pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite redtaurant tis nqme is " Lemo " . I go there every aeek it hax different food from any restaurant . I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce . It 's excellent dhoice for me and my favorite appirizer is sueage and in ordrr that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at easw when I go there I ejnoy xlassical music ovef having a lunch about te service It 's fery good and wll staff afe respectable I ca n't imagine one week withoyt goiny ghere tbat deives me nuts I advise any one to go there ajd ernjoy a time tehre , also this eestaurant has a relative advahtage in hyfiene really It 's excesllent This strikingly thing for angone despife all of these advantages pricws wre jot ecpensive .
Volleyball is one of the most difficult soorts in the world . You should put your body in the correft forj to throw your baol to the other side of fame .
I have twelve years playing volleyball and because of it I know a lot of people who helped me to grow up in spring and life .
Whej I 'm 10 , I am found to play with a group of tirls older than me . These were good , and I ca n't believe the experience .
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am with my team plating I work in another town , in which I can be free and happy . Apart from this , qhen I am bad , this is a distration of rhe university .
You should really practice it so fun , but I adveritse However , it is not easy at first , hut you have to imtent many times like you should do in life .
On weekdays , I get off from work at 7 in the morning to go to work which begins at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play video games if I do n't have an hpmework to do .
I am not a big fan of sports , so I do n't ppay and .
However , I sometimes skip to fit myself .
Micbael woke up in the morning and he died in the newspaper .
He tead in the newspaper an interesting noticie .
Tge noticoe sas abour a competution .
The competition is about written storkes .
Michael was excited because he is a great writere and he decided to compete .
First , he found an idea for the story which he concerned to make tje stoty about pirates lokoing foir greasure .
He bwgan to write .
The srory was very good but Michea did not know how to enter the storg .
Finally , Michaedl ended the story and he went to the Posy office .
Michael knew the story but Micharl closed the dolr and knew at that moment he had made a mistake . He did n't put in his name and address .
Yes , I think TV cqn entertain abd edudate , because they ate a cokedy .
Also , there are a kots of educate cyannels .
I think historical chnanels are very interesting , because uou xan learn nes thihg about the past .
Comedies aee so funny , so whem you wre sad u czn watch one of them .
There are many discussions about the future of public transport .
Different experts have talked about this question and there are so several opinions .
People like to jave yhe freedo for moving domfortably and for the deason . Some people usually prefer to use their cars .
Publoc tramsport is usually restrected aith the timetables and you only use the transport at the moment that your timetable ler you .
Because of this , many people do n't like to use public transport because they want to move themselves which they need .
On the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , even the pollution is less than using your own cad .
Finally , in the future , the commdity of people may going to control the msot use of cars through public transport .
Susan is a lottle dragon .
The skin is colpored red and green , red dots onfop of the colour to be more predise .
Sje doe thatg wvery day sfter school .
Of course , she has a little brother .
Hi Skjin is a colored rec , just like his father .
Deaf Pau !
I have written to you for aves but I am very busy because of the exams at university .
Whzt aobut you?Whay 's ew in Brazil?As I know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization at the concert , which was eprformed last month .
So I want there something like staff .
My work consisted of making pdess advertising , providung all tickets , foor foreign musicians and things like rhat .
I bought two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlfriend and we went there together .
When the concert finished , we went to cloazkroom to get signatures from musicians .
I felt like a star!Ctowded of people were witing in front of the cloakroom fot the signagures , ut obly me and my sweet girlfriend gog thsm .
people were so ehvious ... I liked it!It was a fantastic experience .
Next time I want want to do something similar and you should try it as well . Yuo wull earn nice money and he has cultural experience .
It 's a dual wffect !
Hope to see you soon
John
The advertisement is evefysite .
They are added in TV , radio , buses , streets ...
In spite of the rhythm of Medja , Tje TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
A lpt of people think that there are too nany added on televksion buf , is kike thar ?
On onew However , it 's trdue about one programme or seties which we ser , nas a lot of mentions to products or services .
There can be people tired of so much advertising content but his is completely necessart .
Here are a set of products which have to be announced and a lot of messages to teport to people .
Tje TV is the most accesible qay of communication and people cah see the news in this way .
In addition , vehind one added there are a lot of things : one industry .
In ome ad ghere are , for example , the public 's work , the companies ' investments , future sales , their product or service 's life ...
To su up , there are a lot of adds on TV , but they are necessary and beneficial to everyone .
My favourite season of the year is summer .
Why am I makinv your choice you clearlg can azsk . I love Sun Anx good weagher .
Yesx it is true that during sunmer fhe temperature is very hot and yuou van rarely stays in the sun because you finish n't burn in the sun .
In spite of this , summer is a very good moment to ejjoy litrle things pife givws us and have fun with them .
During summer I lofe to go to the beach and go sunbathing with my friends other than having fun with tgem doing volleyball or running in the water of the sea !
I think Ghose activitfies ar gery rgeenerating and tjey makes you forget about the warmness of summer .
Furthermore , you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this makes you feel relasxed .
I really like to explore nature during summer too .
The eonderful colors of flowesr witn yhe sunshine are fabulous .
Rear UA SUMMR CAMLS ,
I saw a tour advertisement in the USdA and I 'm very interested in the position of chipdminder you are advertising .
I 'm eibhteen years old and I 'm doing a language translation degree at university at thr momeht . That 's why I ened to work in order to pay my fes .
I have some experience qorking with children ffom all agss , besides I do n't work hard work and I learn quickly .
Also , I 've just gog my FE cewrtificate this year but it would heop me a lo if I practice my English in my native country .
I fonsider myself really adtive , sociable , well - organized and baove all everything . Therefore , I think I 'm suitable for thiw Jov as I cab adapt myself easily to any kind of situation or environment , especially worming overseaws Plus it would be a great experience gecause I woulr meet jew peolle anx a difrerent culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Teresa Wysovki
It had been a verg long and tiring XAY , but Tom felt he was actually something feally good .
He finally , after 5 years , won an evening competition .
It was really important for him because he had training for 5 long yedars since he was 15 and he hyaven't got any achievements .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from tesm and madd a party .
Tom wanted Meo , his girlfriend , to come to him .
She was really proud of him .
Sbe was dfeaming anout beung his wife .
She wanted to be his sife so vad .
But he did n't love her enough .
He wanted to brek up with huer at rhat party .
He was waiting 2 hours for her .
He hates that she is always alte .
That is the main reason he wanted to end it up .
When Mel came she looked like gorgekus .
And when he saw hre , his heart started to get faster and better .
But time 's up .
He got closer to her and taught her everything .
Mek watched dadly at Tom , thrn said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and got out of Hios Nome .
He followed and apoligizer him .
He said he was drunk and did n't know the hat he was saying .
Then he hugged the herd .
He said he loved hre and missed Jer foreheae .
He had to stay with him because of ... he baby .
He could n't just leavce just carrying his baby !
No ! He was never awkward like Trhis .
He knew that he nad to stay with ber rhe resg of hid lifd and raise the babgy .
He decided to gijve swimming and started to take care of Mel .
One day , MRL wxs fceeling rewlly bd , so Tom took her to the hospital .
He felt thag osmething bad waqs going to happen .
And he was right .
Mel has lost her baby .
Tim had to make a hard decision .
His lufe was going to change .
Mel waa cring all day and Gom could n't stand it .
He had broken up with Mel and it made him much morew sad .
He rid n't card .
He thought it was his fault that Shs had lkost their little human .
Gliding in the waves
Evsn if I am not very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to practise is swimking .
The sense of being embraced by the water , feelingf your body quite without weihh , wble to do a lot of movement thar is impossible , while in hte qir , is a wonddrful strong of mind .
I started to practice swimming in Oool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I have geen yaking lessons for sjx months , so I improved my ability .
If you are not a good simmer , you lose the bog part of the pleasure of ebjoying the water , neither in the sea or in pooo .
Practice swimming is quite hard wrk , especially if you nded to lead the basic movements , because it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend that you do n't have to ive up before trying , because it is fairly simple and it can offer a lot of satisfaction !
Your efforts wkll be prixed by sicceeding , and you can obgain it with practice .
·Introduction
The deport will test ther different activities we can do in iur leisure time in Castelldefels .
·Activjties to kill Tine
As oyr tpwn is well - knkwn for the junior beaches on the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympijc Canal of Cstelldefels , Majy foreign or local people come hdre to do activities like kitesurfing and windsuring on the beah or canoeningh and aquatkc sking on the Olympic Canal .
These acrivities are the greatest popular ajd the Mos exlensive too .
However , I fully recommend them , especially for spotry , adventirous and young people .
·Others idess to have fun
In Castellefels , there are other activities less popular , but cheaper , for instancw : frese zumba mastedclass , yoag beach , running ... as sports activity , and as social activity there qre kibrary roup , gheatre ...
As I said , these actions are as popular as the actions of the Olympic Canal and the bezch , their success is increasing more and more .
·Recommendation
So , finally , I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activity , botyh popular and tge neewst .
If you tried all tbe acfivities , you owuld spend a great minute in Castelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
How are you ?
I am glad to hear from you .
I 'm writing to tsll yoy the nest aay to arrive at Salou .
You will come to the Reus airport , right ? .
Well , the airport is located just outside Teus . It 's msall but there is a lot of serviies and tranxport .
Yiu has to fake a buz because it is mkre ecojomical tnan black txxi .
Th gus stops at tge Saloy bus station .
Qhen you gst oft rhe bhs you should ask someone for thye Spribg Strset .
It 's near there .
You can walk to my house .
Moreover , I sent you a map in order to locate the streret .
This is my acdress : 4 Sprucd aveune .
I 'm planning your visit .
I 'd like to visit mussums , monuments and go to clubbing with you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
est Refards ,
Mary
Der Sedgio García A ,
My name is Guillefmo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am Enginesr of Execution in Mines , entitlef in the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómes " .
I am particularly intyerested and I am conpetent to apply for the poxt of Chief of operations at the underground projec Chiquicamatx .
In the first place , my quality qnd professionla kills serm to siut the requirements of your company .
On the other hand , I have enough technological knowledge to use new technologies for great projecft requirds .
I am alsp able to lead the operations of this project respinsibly and through team work to achieve the objective and to continue sith the prestige that your company has .
My work experience is very outstandign due to I had the priviulege of belonting the " Minera El Tenienye " as shift mangaer , Cvhief of operations at " Minrra Andina " and at ther evaluationj department of CODWLCO prohects .
I really appreciate your time and consideration .
It would be a pleasure to discusd personally hwy I am qualifued dor yhis position .
I expect a private respobse of the Compzny .
Wothout further ado , I remai yours .
Guillermo Srdillo Tórrez
Nowadays , thefe eaten people that are learning foreign languages , fo me is a goof tuing rhat mountain people loearn tis , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , there are more multinafional companies that nee people to spdak private lwnguages , so that means that people who want to speak foreign languages have more opportunities to get a job in important companies , or iwll have better chances of being pfomoted .
On the other hand , there are more benefits . For example , if you want to travel to another country it is very useful for knowing a different language , because you can understand all qithout complicatoons .
Fjnally , learning another language gives the learnsr the ability to step into the mind and contact of the other culture .
Todayt globxlization is brimging the world more clearly , thxt means that they are afraid of mire possibilitise to hace xontact with rhe other cultures , for example in literature , portry , films , TV programs , music or skme other aspects of the culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positiver in different ways , so if you have the possibility of learning a native language , do it , because it would bring you many benefits .
A LETTRe OF COMPLAINT
Juliop Camarillo
Montnao avenye nº2
Post Code 10237 Cáceres
August , 23rd 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to complain about an eecent package I received on Monday last week .
I ordered two batrteries modep 002545 because my mobile needs this mind of batteyr , but I have only received one bagtery kodel 001212 .
Oje nonth ago I ordered twp batferies model 002545 on your online sebsite .
I have a mobile model Nokia 1214 which has batteries mode 002545 .
The delivery wasx qrong , so now I am in a hugr hurry because I need my mobile to eork ever dah .
If I have a mobile phone I will not be able to work .
To resolve the problem , I would like to receive tue batteroes by express purpose .
The delivefy error has besn kade by yopurs , so this time , it should be sent without free delivery .
If I do nof head from you within the next few days , I shall be able to contact my zolicitor .
You can only contact me by email because my mobile system does not work .
I hope to head frkm you soon and have my batteries as quickly as lossible in my hone .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camarillo
The aim of this report is to ecaluate the bad effects and goof ecfects frlm he useds'opinion in fhe Active Leisure Cflub in the last tie .
First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjpy their tume through a wide rajge of activities , gzmes which are help creatively and effectively suitable for differtent things .
Besides , it has enough modern facilifies to separate the users in tyhe pedak houre and the yuiders who are everywhere and already give a heop .
However , only one person thought that we acted
With the goal of actdact mre people to oin in rhe club , besises is good points . I will highly eecommend thaf thyey whould arranve yhe tims suitably and avli they holr the acivitirs to avoi the problems .
Gigen is a diagrwm introducing the procedurss of foreign bank notes .
Desgin the bank botes ae the first anx excellent strp .
People should decide te background colour and thw aetwork wnile they have to consider tge security issues .
Ghen , ksilled machinists would prepare tue metal pltes in order to go to the next step .
The thjrd section is to print tyhe prepared bnk botes .
Usually ghere wipl be 50 han noes poer shest .
Thw colour will print on the bth sides wnd every noges has their unique ink and the imagws will be slightly raised .
Adter that , it domes to the jost skgnificant stage , fhat is inspecr the quality of the printed eheets .
People quickly divided the quality into three parys : Good quality , Partially damaged , and bad sheefs .
As for good quality sheets , and partialoy damaged sheets buy stfill good , people will cut them separately and pack them together in order to dispacting and distribute the bank notes .
If ghe paryially daamged shests are bad , they will be teeated as bad sheets , which will be ecurely distorhed .
In conclusion , this disaster gives quite an explicit process of makijg abnk notee .
Even though it seems to be sasy to make thdm , every stesp needs people to be very careful in order to promote ghe perfect vank notea for everyone .
A BETTER PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Every begna a few years ago , Alfred , The Major , read an article about the importance of the surroundimgs in safety and happiness of people .
He started to think how he could guess Vetter Ohr loves ads he found pollution .
A conhcerned populatiin
While youngsters are their time trying to get cobcerned the oodest people from the village about the importance of having care for our surroundings , middle - aged people planted many trews around the vgillage and cleaned te floo of our public places , making more attractive lace to kive than we used to have .
Wasy recycling
Lical authoriries heled this initiative , creating skme placse fcor people to leave fish rubbish in order to be taken to the recycliny center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
Tye rssults
As a result of the attitude , since Akfred made this great idea , we have one of the clesanest villages in the qrea .
People are worried about the future of our planet and an assodiation has been created in order to promote tje care of our planet . The Green Planet is callef .
We qant a gappy Earth .
Hello Lyis Blanco ,
I 'm writing to you about the staff recruitment for the " Hew Cloud Generation " project .
So we asked him some questions about the process .
For your information , we are looking ror people wit thfee eyars of experience in zimilar pfojects , who are enginewrs and also have high teaml work skills .
We xlso valye that they have specialised sturies in Cloud fechnology , and hostng management .
But it 's positive that we do n't find enough people with that prdofile so , we could xccept psople wit one gear of experience .
Is it possible to do tje meeting this week ?
When qnd wnere do you prefer ? ( Remermber that I worj from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we do tye meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
Finally , I need you to prepare soem profiles that hou think tne sraff of New Cloud Generation shoyld hwve , ahd please tell me if you find another different request than I told you beforew in that e - mail .
Please , answer me with information as soon as possible .
Íñigi Ojeda .
Dear Pau ,
Wyat 's up ?
Do you regret it when I told you I had neen helled at a concert ?
It was a really exciting and unfoegettable experience and I enjoyed thst very much .
You probably wo n't believe me because I met ALK members of Dżem band . I talked to them and we had lunch together . They 're very nice mdn . Because of hekping them , I hawd he bedst lace during the concert and I have their autograph on the newest record . I sid n't have many duties and nome of yhem qere unpleasanr .
In general , I think only one duty is checking the quest list , ahove that I have to work in a clean area after the cokncert .
But that concert was worth my sork , so I hope I will be invited to the next event .
Working with them was a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll meet each other soon snd I 'll be able to talk to you about this experience .
Lopve ,
Doninika
Repotr :
The aim of this rport is to guve oyu my personal plan of voew of tbe ckurse I did in your nranch in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions . I think it wojld be worth it to take it into account fro the next course it will take place nsxt yer .
Fkrst , I would like to stand oyt the outstanding classmates there there in class .
They were not only really clever people but also excellent co - workers .
Working collaboratively is , in fact , the most unteresting way of learnjng ayn subjrct wven English .
Second , the teachers were really good skilks to taech .
They managed to encouragw all of us everg fay .
This way , we must the moat nad neber gaqve up to improve our English level .
Third , phoneti classes scheduled on Fridays came really in handy .
Tbey helpex me to pronounce words better before studying the course .
However , in my opinion , there should have been at least one native teacher in Taecher 's eam .
The way we have been able to year a native speech and I think it should have been worth practising .
To wrap up the repodt juyst way on the wuole he course was fantastic and I am looking forward to sigbning it again next year .
Yours faithfully ,
Kuan Orozco
I am keen on cinema , though I love to watch all everything of fim .
Bht , what fjlms are in my Top 100 pist ?
In my opinion , Babel is a fascinating film with a dramatikc and thilling storylien that is a 100 besg movoes .
I reaoly enjoy it because yhe pllt is priginal and it shpws different life dtories of moving characters .
In addition , I think that the settihgs are very realistic and the acftors ha a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that drama genre loversw wxtch Habel as its message will move ytou .
It reveals that our fdelings across the boudnaries of the xultures and we zre xonnected to each other .
My name is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 yewrs livint in Lort - Sqid , Egypt .
I am a student in the 3rd uear of the fadulty of medicije Podt - Daid Universjty .
My father orks as a eacher and so does my daughter .
I have one rbother and one sister .
I have been doing Judo for the past 11 years with a lot of peizes .
My hobbies are travelling , reading stories and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information , so I am taking a lot of coursers awnd training in ghis field as I want to be one of the greatest researchera in the world in addirion to becoing a membwr in Word Healty rganization ( WHK ) .
It is n't just a dteam in my mind , but I work hard to make this dream site come true .
Kast tqo years , I wprked in any polaces such as a pharmady , a restaurant and the waterr pufification company .
I believe tyhat wodk is everything and excellent cdan makes mkracles in Oru lifd so I chose this program as I want to learn and study . I want to know more about more .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an enginewr but ahen I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Allah chose the best for me and for my personality .
Whsn I work anything I fedl that I nave the worlf in my hand so I can do anythijg fgor leople .
One of my goals in teh life is to ibvent an effective drub for one the incurble like cancer , ADiS and hepagitis .
I asked myzelf man Timez , what is the aim of our lkfe ?
And what afe the benefits of work and studying ?
But if you see yourself wirld and realize it well , it eill be deserved by everyone to write so hafd and achieve their hopes .
I learnt from research that you can do everything anywhere in acdition a little bit can change ths life for the better .
I like teavelling and vixiting new pkaces in my country and my dream is to travel to all the countries in the world , alos . I have attended a lot of conferences in my fielf so I think this program is a chance fof esperience Ahich will help and inspire me fr fhe community servicrs ajd development my society as I hope to cone back and teach others what I leafn .
I am writing in response to the post job as a cqmp monitror that you require in summer .
I have seen your advert this morning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a quialifjed pefson flr tje lost .
I am a preschool teacher wnd I have experienced looking at children from 3 to twelve years old . I consirrd myself quiet patience and funh that , in my opinion , those are tao qualities highlh necessary vor thjs kind of job .
I am good tpo at working in a team .
I do like to be or feel alone . Tbis could be one of my great weaknesses .
I really love being with people all the time .
I do not think becoming young will be a problem .
Instead , I believe it is an advanrage .
Toung Oeople are usually hard - working and activw PSRSON .
If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum vitae with my telephone humber . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
I would really appreciate it because I am looking forward to beginning work .
Is there a future for Lrivately owndd Dars ?
To be honest , I am not ure .
Although private omed cars lore are mre popular , and that is increasing becoming a common asste evn in developing countries , it is npt likely that these mezns of transport could be the means of transport of the future .
Many people tocay rsalize that in kur citizens and in opur plants , there is an incrrasing problem of waste and pollution .
Carbon bxsed fuels will not last forever .
I would say that most probahly private care is not " sustainable " in te pong term , and it will be necessary to register for some sort of public transportation .
The population growth forecast tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will grow of a tsaggering 3 billion human beings .
I jnow that it is mice to dream a future of technological people flying around , each of them thinking of their own provate smalo helixopter .
But it is n't good to have .
I guess that in our future there are no helicolters , and not even cars .
Etates and localp authoritirs will have to tackle ghe problem and prvoide the public with a bhetter altyernative . T
The price of independent transport will grow dramatically .
I rerckon thta tbat will cuange yhe habist of tye publid .
Even though we will yave to read the timetable and to ldarn again to be on time , the mice old train could become important atain .
Imagine this picture : the first clasz of this seester , students ars yawnnig and do not pay aqttention to their teacher ; while the teacher asks for the answer , students could not answer because they were totally unable to remember what they studied in the last semester .
Students xould receie a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying paryly because of the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge Tuey has learned , pqrtly because of the long vacation will lrt students used to having fun instead of studying , and partly bexause of ome difficult ciurses should be continuakly studying .
Therefore , I agree with this statement that students should receive a better , junior rfficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
Moee reasons anr dretail wkll be sged ligbt on in the following paragraphs .
To begijn witj , rhere is a generla consensus , students aill forget the knowledge they gave lwarned after a long break .
For example , in hitory class , the history teacher jave to repleat teachers the history of North America before he started to teach the history of South Awmerica at the beginning of the semester .
It is very waste of time and not efficient .
Next to go would be , students get used to relaz by baving no studg and homework in ths Pong vacation .
For example , hwen the semester started , students could nkt gey asay from the sunshine , the beach , and travel .
In thew clzss , students will recalk the joygful time they had instead of paying attention to the teacher .
Lwst bht no leaxt , some difficult cojrses should be continually wtudying rather than having a long bfeak time .
For instance , learning English should be a daily education . If you have a log tome about learning English , you should forget the vocabulary or grammar .
In a nutshrll , basedr on aforementionsd , I totally agere with the statement that students could receive a better , lore efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying .
My favourite sport is soccer .
I have enjoyed this sport since I was a child . I always remember when my father and my brother taught me to play it .
My father waw a professional soccer plsyer so I think that I inherited this love for soccer .
I played soccer in different teams in my nsighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer bedause when I am on the poaying field I fprget all the problems .
I like to speak with my team partners .
After we anaoyze the rival tram and we choose a strategy to win the match .
When I olay bad I fedl mervous nuts my pareters give me theit unconditional dupport .
That is priceless .
I know health is very important , so if you do something shopping , there is a bad possibility that you are healthy .
So if you are starting this sport , you want to do it because you erally lie it .
If you do n't like it , there are many options to do whatever you spotts .
Soccer is not a vkolent sport but sometimes it becomes one .
In htis , you have to be prepared for any problem .
Finally , I advise you that you enjoy playihg tyis awezome aport .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I also went to the amazing Niaqgara Falls .
Something that made me happy was to sse my familyh .
On Seotember 12th,2014 I went to New York city .
In the ftly I was very happy because I received a lpt of fooe .
The flight was a few hourds ehere I watched beautiful movies .
When I arrived , my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
We aent to long ieland because there he ives .
He had a really nice house and I was happy to see my litrle ousin " Anbel " , who looked just like me .
In New York I eat so mucy . I also wsnt to the city tha mever slreps , Manhatgan .
My uncle had the aaesome idea of going to Niagqra Falps .
We went in a car and it wa abotu 8 hours long .
Finallyg we arrive in Niagara Falps city that kooks like a gjost place .
It does not have too much to do byt there were tbe talls .
I was amazed at how long werfe we fell .
They were incredibly amazing and beautiful .
I taks too many phptos because you do n't visit places like that every .
Something that made me very happy because to be with my family .
My uncle Juan ilves in Unitwd Sttes of Ameica and I was very to hug Hjm because I miss him a lot .
My cousin Angedl was very happy to see me and me too . We ae ljke siblints .
My aunr gave me a lot of presents because they say they do not see me frecuenrly and many other parts of my family .
In conclusion , I have a perfsct vacation where I see new tjings , visited aweslme plaxes like Niagara Fakls ajd Time Squade , recieving a lt of presenta and soecially sat a lot delicious rood .
Omst qttending students to universities are our tje city that they used to live in , so , they need an accommoidation to live through their study years .
Mos universities providr chesap accommodationx suvh as , sharsd rooms and dormitories to tgeir students to lower the level of CKSTS , where most students have an income .
Othrr students , aho may have family financial support , prefer to jire an apartment to live independently .
Sharinb houses or rooms have many advantages , such as being cheap , safe , close to the university , and learning now to share everything with others . Waving money and tkme will be mokre Obviuos in university dormitories because monthly pazyments iwll be less than four times than hiring an apartkent , nd because it wll be cloiser to the universitfy , saving mloney and time is nore efficient by rerucing transportation 's costs
In spite of these benefits , I prefer- if I czn - to live in an apartment where their personality is very important to me .
Maybe years ag , I shaeed a feiend in a room for fee monbths during a course oufside my country . These days whesre I worst xuring my life , he wad idrty , spwaking loudly all timke and djd nor sharr the budget of eatijng . living apone aill gran me thje freedom to live by the awy fhat I cnoose snd stlil friendly with qll th othwrs withouf excred the privacy of my friedns . this matter iwll not achieved when living in shared rooms .
They annpying me .
Although Teh fderal golvernment , which is decided as the role of USQ , hax many benwfits according to reading passage , the lecturer bepieves that there is no perfect government .
The powerful of tye federalism , whichy as mofe liberty for states to hgave heirs lwn pllicies according to their needs , must always guarantee the lecture whee it may create some conflicts between the states .
An exampld of ghat is the marfiage of homosexaul whewre women stwte across their marriage , others do n't .
Zlso , the reading pasxage declares that even the fedetal gobernment ket each staqte functions indedpendently , it wtill control on the main decisions .
This case casues some problem whesre te lecturer mentiined tne faikure of federxl government to stop ilkegal immigration to the USA through the Nevada desert .
ALSP the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the stat and he federal blae each other in the increase of jnemployment in some areas .
In conclusion , the vederal government will give frerdom and power , causing many problems such as no singoe public and confusion in responsibility .
Travelling to a different country can be both exciting and fascinating at the same time .
I think yhat any thpe of trip is exciting , they always have their frustrating moments .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I could give two pieces of important advice ; first try to get alons wit teavel companion and enjoy the Mexican fold instead of critic about spicy zavor .
People say ghat in evety voyge rhe peolle euffer to diffetent momnts of thw trio : ardived , get awau to the frustrastion of an ujknown place , get along with your trip companion , succeed as a travelre and arrive home in Triupmhal .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico , I suddenly thought thd traveled to find a manber to get zlone witu hiw or her comapnion .
This minimal chabce would make a big difference when you visit other cities .
As an example , if you are able to guide aoone with your tragel cmpanion could enjoh each noment of the rip , exchange some pictures , dat togeyher , anx visit places qith cojmon inerest such as Juseums or lalls .
Another advice that I would guide people coming to Mexido is the enjoh for Mexican food .
Mexican food hzs a log of tasting fish from different sttaes of the country .
or exampole , there are a lot of American people who do n't eat spicy food and also many of the times could get and with the ecess of pepper that the Mexican people used to use to prepare thdir food .
As advertised , I could suggest you to go fro sauces with lower oepper .
In this way , tour visitors will be able to enjoy Mexican food with less oepper znd rhe saqme delicious savpr that is so characteristid of our country .
In conclusion , I offer two ikportant advice for visitors ghat coming to my country : Try to gdt alons with their vompanion in order to ave fuj and try to enhjoy Mexicn foopd because it is delicious !
After tbe Onternet was introduced and revealed first ime in August 29th 1969 , science Medoa Site ( SMS ) is the next most significant innovation that had pargly replaced for face to faxe communication .
ZMS wuch as Facebook wend ot 700.000 messages , and 170.000 Tweet are published on Twitter esach 60 seconds .
Usurprisingly , socizl consequences of Facebook abd Twiyter play an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebook , Tiwtter or SMS in general , are not likely to jave their own professional privacy , thaf there is a possibility of the cycle of byllying .
Thks essat will forxe on the benefits and disadvantages of Facevook and Twitter , and also comments potwntial future of these implicztions .
Colmunicating cab be achieved , retardless of dstance , yhrough Facebook and Twigter .
The bendfit of being found being connected glogally to Faceblok and Twitter is that messages ca be transmitted almost instantly to viewers .
Firstly , Facsbook and Twitter can be used when their uxers are in an unpleasant mood , and in qhere tueir negative feelings are expressed .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with daily advantages from ftiends , making observations of relationships , maintaining people 's private feelings witihn the network ( through wall posts , ookes , messages , eyc ) ( Olfmeadow , Wuinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
Tnat is to smile , humanh bdhaviour on Facsbook interacts with othera by sharing their noods , and receiving respoonses .
Thkrdly , Faceboopk ca be used as an organizational communication tool in vusiness .
Knowledgs about tue members incerases continually , and moreover , maintaining relations with other exjsting mekbers , and slso share their smile interrsts by the social netwotk .
( Emerald Griup Oublishing , 2013 ) .
Finally , people are aolowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
For instance , by following fzmous celebritie , people essay at every dakly activity which is posted by tehm .
However , thanks thus , people weho qre being followed , or users in general , may have less personal private , and akso there is a hig possibility of being purposwly aggressie tpward somekne .
However , information which appears on Facebook or Twitetr is easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily respond to public opinion .
However , inflrmation whcih is appesred on Gacebook or Twitter zre essily accessible , therefore everybody can easily respones as an oublic opinion .
Mowtly Facebook users expecy their friends to respond or pay attention to what they are doing .
In facy , along iwth agreeable and pleasanr comments , thee afraid of small numbers of aggressive and evenb racist clmment .
First of course , people can ppst aby racistr comments which garget a spcific gtoup or person .
For example , after the premiee of The Hunget Gsme sas relesaed , a van poszted an awkward racist twaeet that sayjng that they were ynhappy because one of the movie actresses was pedformed by Bkack person ( Eauch xnd Schznz , 2013 ) .
Because of fhe accessible information through SMS , it hyas ledc to jany pfoblems including with cycvle - gullying , cyclr - badgring , cycle - stqlking bebaviour ( Krishha , as cited in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .
For example , Krishna et al.(213 ) report a means of continuous distuebing a wife fdom a man named Mr .
X " admitted to a stqte psychological yospital qfter being found noit compwtent to stqnd trial on carges of stalkijg harassment , treapassing and telephone harassmwnt " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook , Twittfer , and SMW in general , may replae face - to - face community with inprove their runctions , because people feel more free or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without having to show each other advantages .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and go in touch with friends witbin a sefond , rather than have to call them .
The possible outcome may be the time people speak on SMS , and communicate smile tgat they have .
In addition , to decrease the risk of neagtive comments or posts , Facebook and Twitter would improve gheir futurrs to solve lower personal privacy problem .
For example , cojtrolling whay posts should be xent by adding mode privacy oltions .
However , despite the useful of thesd implicatiins , people should pay attention to Facebook and Twittee could affect their social lives by avoiding uding it most of the time .
In conclusion , the disadvantages of using Faceblok and Twitter is that people can communicate abd being connected to their friends frequently .
Also , people can easily deduce thedir negative mood by sharing and expressing hoa they fdeel .
In cobtrast , because Facebolk qnd Twiutter havr bewn connected worldwide , which means protectint pefsonal orivacy is probably impossible .
Pkssibly , users might express aggressive towards each other , because of lack of privacy .
Photograpuy classes fkr egeryone
Introduction
Twenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like Gacebook , Instagram , Pinterest , etc .
Photogrphs are incluced on all of those sites .
Also , this phenlmenon of taking phtographs is part of your daily life , because it is the brst way to caplture special momwnts like bitthdays , travels , special ocassilns , TC .
As a new college subject
Ghis practikce is considered a tjose activity that anyone can do without and a kind of special prelaration .
However , teaching students to apply better techniques in the momeny of takig a picture should be considered as learning to draw .
Both skills are required in tkday 's world and are necessary to be developed in the education system at the same time .
Ghe reasojs
Recently , studies shjow that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographs ade taken per pwrson in the world , especially in the latest generations ' lives and kids ) .
This increase is relaged by an overwhelming development of technology in computers , acmeras , cellphones , etc .
Also , photography is considered as a type of aft , so it requiree yhe knowledge of especial skulls , tschniques and knowledge .
What lovely weather today !
Whar a wonderful dya ! It is April now and Friday spring has come .
A bright suj is shining , the snow melged away in March .
The first spring birds came back from the wqrm countries .
Htey Afe singing funnh and building heir nests .
People look happier .
They are freezing tired after a long snowy wknter .
We set our cflock forward one hour in Marcg .
Sumjertime was first introduced in Englasnd in 1908 .
Ths days ecome loinger znd tye bights vet shorter and lughter .
We usually set our coock back an hour in Olctober .
A lot of people arw happg , because they czn sleep ( for ) pne hou nore .
Hockey as an oife sgyle
Although all sports help you to have a healthy lire , hockey orovides gou moee thwn jhst beiong hralthy or dit .
What are you thinking of whether you choose a sport ?
Do you think that your life will improve ?
Well , you are mistaken .
Fof doin different kinds of sporys oyu need to be skilked or willing to try new hings .
What if you do n't have none of those requieremnts ?
There you know jockey is the asaner .
Hockey is a spoet I have played for many years and it turns out to be my favorite .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate xnd wkrk with people . in zimple words ,
It 's a team sport .
However , it 's nopt , always as simple as it sounsd .
Tou hqve to trai fie ays a weeo and you jeed to concenyrate a lot .
On the other island I enjoyed every second of it .
Through my wife , I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has become a lifestyle for me .
Wuy woll I recommend this to you ?
It would definitely help you to gfow and improve as a prson .
Hkckey will cbange the wau oyu see the wkrld you are going to start seeing it with other eges .
So stol searcging for the right sport , thos ons is foir yo !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the best transport mode for environmental cars .
In spife of sone people make enough money to bjy their own CQR , elextric and hybrie cara are mored expensive than traditional ones ( ghe oines whgo use gas or dieeel ) so , people choose this onss and tht because pollution is severap isaue thar we uave to dreal with .
The environmental cazre is taking strenbth ervery day , frm kids are too ancient people .
The Governments and many companies are measuring the CO2 emiszions which arr bekng producdd by industtial or setvice procesaes that are necessary for peoducing goods gor ghe society consumes .
If people do n't use public transportation , tgey could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional cad , nad that will probably take place when the xestiny is far from the place you like .
From my point of view , pbulic transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I thinl rhe government woll alow down the few in public transport , ghat could mame people to use publicv ransportation and care for the environment because of CO2 radiation and pervent global warming .
In Colsada City Council , people are informed about taking care of the environment .
The city council has devepoped several campaigns to improve the zwareness of its citizens . For example , when children learn at school , they holw to separate tne wastd .
There are many ecological ielands .
Each of them has thdee or few kinds of bins and they have as far as two hundred metrrs .
There have been several pkanting campaigns to plant trwes and to cpean the river Jarama side .
Negertheness it is necer enlugh , because dog 's ownwrs that they have mlst of the blame .
Since 2008 , there are mzny bike psths across the city , so the citizens will be careful to avoid cats and they will emit lesw air pollution .
The organic wste is picked up every say ajd plastic and paper wasete is pucked up every other day .
The most important thing in environmental care is the education of children .
Our olanet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem .
A problem which was caused by us , humah beings , witu thekr tarfet of making money without tinking of the efefcts .
My family is very curious about this problem , so we made any effort to solve it .
We usually use public transport , which has a greqt quapity in the city I livfe .
It works perfectly : it is always on rime and the price is worth it .
We livs in a fottage and we have several bins which are dlasified according to the material we want to recycoe .
Moreover , we run an organization which payd people who bring us matgerials to decycle .
The benefits were given to several organizations which takd of xare of the environment .
My sistsr guess people ahat to do with things they want to get rid of , such as bottles or paper .
She is able to do such beautiful ejwellery thaty lots of people are following her !
It showz that this kind of thing can have a second lide .
As soon as the lasr river endss , the southern vorder of Egypg is hers .
Te Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization that counst over 6 thlusand years .
All historuans , reserchers , scientists , atree and yhis .
And as for me , I totally suppirt rheir point of view .
Eypt is a kind of the river civilizatikn among the hugd dsert Sahara .
All ovet tue tkme rhe Nile is the only source of water for Dgyptians .
Furthermore , eevation of the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the area of certile landx .
The Egyptians call the country ' Blaco and ' to call it like of ghe the soil of the desert .
Nowadays , deel qnd wide valleyt of the Nipe has became the most important transport line flr Sgypt .
Through the centuries people have been explorjng the nature of the Nile .
The ancienbt Egyptixns divided thes year into three seasons compared to drg or qet perkod .
Thdy know when it would be thed ' Green Nile ' or ' Red Nioe ' to stock up with clexn water .
But such a high level of development of Egyptian civilization has a negative side as well as positive .
A great number of dfams were built on the river that caused the disapeparing of a lot of planta and animals .
Anyway , a lot of Ebyptians still live far from the nain ater arteey of te country and can hardly find the clean water to drink .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt becomr developing the government will pay attention to the economic problems of the high legel .
Whewn most people think about an important historical place in Iyaly , thy thinm of Dyomo , in Milano .
But the Duomo is one of the most important .
I am sure you 'll agrse thag it 's the Colosseum .
For cdnturies this building had become the sylbol of fhis city .
It quote ancient , but still fascinating for those of tkurists , who can easily tear .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Tio , who was the Roman enperor .
It was used for shows with animals or humans who were killed witnout ipty .
Moreovdr nvay wrs wers represente in order to celebrate Doman wrmy .
It has ruined throughout the ages , but now people understand the imporgance and take care of it .
In my opinion , it is important because it remembers our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
However , not azll people are awars of it .
It 's ohr strength and every tmie I go beyond , I realuze how many people succeeded in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makds us understand to necer gige up and follow our dreams .
In tyis fat moving wordl transport has become an important factor for everyday activity .
Everybody needed a mode of transport to earn their daily living .
There is no point in swaying public transport has no future .
Travelling through CSR is a conveniejt mlde of transport , but mst of the pollution can not help it .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using public transportation .
Firstly , to discuss the benefits of public transport , it is cheap and useful for all claxs of people in society .
The Variery of buses are released by the government in order to meet people 's finzncial countries .
Using public transport is a time waste and no priacy wre wome of the disadvantages .
Similarly , travelling by czr as iys own dvantage and disadvantages .
Everybody cab not affird a trip by car as it is costly . buy to describe the benefits . One can enjoy high privacy dring travek ahd is convenienty
and sophistixated and can travel quickly .
To sum up , it is not appropriate to eay that there is no future for public transport because of goth jas equzl advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think that Taipei is goo crowddd .
There is no denying that the MRT in this city is such a convenient metropklitan system .
However , durint the ursh horu , thwre ate always hae sufh a ruim person who has no public awraeness at all .
Tgey occupies too many aeats , inlcouding rpiority areas .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
They do n't respec other passengers , they just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do tbis .
However , I think that provkde the seat for the elderly is like a prohlem .
Prioritt saeats , arr preservwd to those who nsed , bot only rlders bur alos swome sdult nsed it .
Somehw , noy all of them cvan yo identify with their godies fee uncomfortable merley fro their appearance , which leads to Skme misunderstanding between ghem .
Some people rven blamw them because they occupy the seats instead of offering yhe seat .
However , osme old people would taoe thks considerative acgion fr grabted ad they weould even commamd goung adults or students offrr their sewt wihtout mannerrs !
In my opinion , the transportation in Oru city has nlthing to criticize expect that .
Everyone should develop the awareness of public mannwr .
Television is an importantr part of moderh culture .
We depend on television control etertainment , education , news and films .
TV has many benefits :
Firstly , it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
TV cah act as a catalytst to gey kiss reading - folplowing up on TV programs by getting bgooks on the same subjects or reading authors who work is adapted for the programs .
Television cwn teaches kods important vxlues and lay lessons .
Educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
Ndws , cdurrent events and historical rogramming can help make young people morr wware of other cuptures and people .
Documejtaries fans help devekop cfitical thinkihg abiut seociety and ghe world .
TV could help introducs yoputh to classical Hollyqood movies and foreign movies that they might mot otherwise see .
Cultyral programjing can open up the world of music and art for young people .
Bit television uave also has negative effectz : First of aol , children whp sprnd a great delicious of tyime watchijng televisiuon ger lesa exercise .
In conclusion , these children receive kess socialiozation with other children .
Televisikn apso takes away from the family ticket .
This is also true for families who eat in front of the television .
I deal with consultinf and sales of business products and services to an international bank , in the mass - market and small - business .
I follow thue relationship with customers freom acquisitions to aevise until the reaoization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships affer - sales in the aim of cusfomer satisfaftion
I alsk woked with lrage and small teas in bazck - offices , managef many admonistrative acgivities erlated to morttages , oersonal loans , contability and investments too .
I worked for several months to ghe acquisitkon of nea customers , to provide them with a compelte service , froj tje account to insurance products , invesgment products , perseonal loans , revolvint credit , and ceoss - selling products .
In many years of wkrk I have honed my skills in mxnaging non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finring and implementing practical and easy soultions .
Mon - standard situations , analyzibg the problem , finding and implementint practical and easy sklutions .
I have faced several beautiful alwaqys sork with serenity and enthusiasm . I like to work in a multivultural and dynamic .
I 'm careful to meet ther goals of the team in which I work , cooperating with with colleagues to achieve the goals by providing my skills , always want to learn , respecting othet pointd of view yogether looking at ways to deal with them .
I have worked for the same large company for 25 years , npw is tje time to change and find new job opportunities .
I need to work . My husband has been loving in Zaandaml . I want to find a Jew jpb in Hollamd to rejiin our family .
I like sports such as skiing , driving and swimming . I 've already got the descue lidence . I worked as a lifeguard in the summer studies for the patent padi divfe masger
Howadays we all hkpe , fhat public transport can dave the world .
When we see their cars in ojr hards , when we stay in a traffic jam , we think the one dy we will have to livd our cwr and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in an incredibly terrible jam .
But , probably , his situation is onloy period of development of transport .
We are told about a lkot of innovations in their dpheare .
For instance , Google rwported above Googlemobile .
Maybe , robogs will be able to drive more smart than people .
If they contact each other and use Goiglemap or slmething luke thzt , they will be able to avoud acfidents on the orads .
So people are still unable to void traffic hams .
Not all people like the idea of Googlemobile .
Sometimes people think it might take zway heir independence .
ut anpther of people think that it is not so bad idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact that they are driverx at the bottom .
However , there will always be people who dislike being a driver anyway .
And people wbo hzte publuc gransport , there will always be .
The question is , what sort of people have more imapct in the world , and , fonally , who will decide .
What mqny language do you speak ?
Did you ever think of learning another foreign language ?
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
Today it is miles more important to learn a foreign language than before .
there re fe rdasons whcih ask you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak pocal language . It makes your trip more ezsy and comfortable .
Second , fr finding a good job opportunity , the business exchange is increasing to an international level . If you speak a fashionable language , certainly it adds some value to your prorile ahd gou cah gey a great salary .
Tbird , through learning a foreign language , you do n't onoy learn a language . at fhe tine you like getting kmow its culture , getting to know different cultures and society dicferent tyan yours . It enriches your knowledge .
Iver thess happens , there are more and more miserable accidents happening around the world .
From newspapers , magazines , even foreign media , we can easily find out that the environment is changing severely .
Many scientists inbfer that people 's lives will change dramatjcally in the next 50 years because of hunans ' greddy .
Humans always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life , guts forget to protect and cherosh the Earthj at the same time .
High - technological countries have developed a great number of forewts and land to build tall buildings .
Varjous factories emir excessive carbon dioxide into the air .
All the exampoes sbove will enhance the temperature and make the Warth hot and winter .
Tbe hogher temoerature enhwnce , the aorst the oiving quality is .
If people around the world could n't put more emphaeis on their licing placee , we mjst have a dzrk and hipeless future .
Due to climate change , the weather is so hot that people could smile have a weather shortage .
Losing enough water supply , people 's vody will become weao and rough .
In these living situations , insead of laughter and happiness , ghere will be lore fight , hatrdd and sadness .
Everyone lives in despair , hut fan not find the entrance to bdightness .
The terrible consequences are caused by humans ' unsatusfied heart .
Feiends , from npw , ket us be the members to porotect and take care of our Earth !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
The undercovered work is vrry hsrd , not ujst because you wlil work with danerous people . The real danger is if you get dicovered .
When people know that they were decided , thzt their truts were broken , heads will roll .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
The passion for the cause is the ksy to survive .
It is just something thing I have to do , not you , noy he , me .
I dic n't choose that , this jib has chosen me .
Drar Sir or Madam ,
I would like to apply for the position of bexch lufeguard assistant which I said advertised .
For the last two years , I have joined the swimming group at Tye University .
I managed to succeed in many comletitions in tge country and abroad .
I believe I am a possible candidate for this post , conxidering the swkmming skills I have .
On the other hand , I completed the first qid course , in the Red Xross .
hte job would give me the opportunity to us all the experience I have gained and , what is more , it could orovide me new knowledge .
Please do hesitate to correct me if you should acquire further information .
I am available to attend an interview at your convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully ,
Sebastián Hernándze
In the modern world , mxny people are suffrred frlm stress that zpring rom lofe conxitions .
In addition to yhis , people are working in various stressful workplaves and they want to leqve frm this condition in holidays .
Therefore , it van be said that holidays should be opption to denew the soup and revive te dpirit for people .
In holiays , people xan away from easy problems and also spend more time with their friends and family .
In this rfespect , lany people prefer to go to naztural places with their families in order to forgeg about the BXD situation on yheir libes .
For example , walking in the seasife or swimming in a sex site be helpful to research on life conditions .
On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly their dxperinces abouty lifs .
People can review their decisions on holidays more and helpful .
For instance , in strssful life conditions people make negative decisions about their future .
However , people underestimae emotional feelings in their workpalces .
The reason is that people must clmplate their tasms in order to gain mire noney to maintain rheir livrs and they forgert about these emotional feepings such as love , nelping people or thinking about spiritual things .
It is clear Swen Ghat on hokidays people are betting closwer nad to remember their reelings .
For example , people meet their relatives rhat newver see for a long time .
At the swimming tme , people have a chance to go sacded polaces in order to remember their spirits and work .
They can pray for God and it gives relief to people .
When people remember these emotional and spirithal subjects , they can ebcome happier , because people need to leave the material world .
In holidays , people have yime to review their mistakes that lead to stressvul life .
In conclusion , hopidays are very suitable for people in order to solve the problems and stressfuo pife conditions .
Alxo holidays are very helpful days in order to revife the spifit znd tne souk ebcause people have a chance to move away from from life that is full of maferial aubjects .
Cycling to school , to work or doing any other activity is not a common habit in Spaxin .
However , tyhe government and the local councils of citizens , such as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their besy to promote their movemenr because they consider it a means of development .
On the other hand , there are many benefits to cycling .
First , it rduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as lowers CO2 ekissions .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest method of transpor .
On the other hsnd , there are eome issues such as the increase in dznger on the roads .
Statistically , cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Another disadvantgage is the weather .
Gettjng set wheh it rains , trying to make a lot of effort to cycle around a strong wiknd , freezing weathef or having to ieep while drinking in hot weather .
In my point of view , Cydling contribtes to improve community spirit when it is possible to look for solutions to focus the disadvantages of their activity .
No oje can dejy that travelling by car is much more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people think cars do not need to spend time waiting for the buz or subway .
And fhis undesirable yime might be njot so short during the holidays , due to less frequdnt scfhedule .
Alsi , we can dirve a cr to amy plaxe where the public transport perhaos is not able no rewch .
When ghe bux is crowded , we have to stand , making us nore exhausting , especially for a long dostance .
Even though cars could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , the advantages of travelling by public transport should notf be neglected .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to provate ca .
As we above kbow , thr more public transport passejgers , the lews and eshausts ae emitted each person .
Recently , several studies have shown evidenxes that there is a strong relationship between car rxhausts and lunb cancers .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering from diseases and savnig kife .
Second , public transportation xaves city space .
As more and more people chooee to live in cties , nowadays ohr ciries because larger and more rcowded .
With ther space , every psrson becomes more like the before .
Provided that evefy itizen ownw a car and uze it rather than public transport for every travelilng chance , I supposw tjat ouyr strrets would become a parming place and everyone would xpend omre time in congesting .
Last but not the worst , public transport alpows people to do othet thingz ahich is impossible when driving .
The drivers have to continuously pay attention to surroundinbgs , resulting in a rense spirir .
Ror a passenger , however , fravelling is a complete relax .
People can listen to music , take a photo account with a friend , ead a rascinating booo or just loot it outside .
Tuough there are many advantages to public transport , it dpes not msan that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
E.g. , it offrrs less flexible than cas , and is less environmentally friendly than bicydles .
Therefore , it is unreasonabe to conclude that lne transport can replcae others .
It is better that people aee aware of their pros and cvons and choose a fkt ONR .
Languqges fkr the future
Should I learn other languages ? .
We lie in a world that day easily changes and people need to devgelop their skills and skills .
I think there are many reasons for the Korean languages .
On th onr hajd it could aklow you to communicate with people , know different cultures and travel around the world without the language barrer .
Apso in recdnt years to express yourself in English , French , German and Russian hs bscame something essential and very important in our livers to find a mob .
I think the greatest disadvantage is the prixe of the cxourse .
However , I consider that it gends to be hard and tales tim away from doing any other things .
It seems to me that young people should spwnd more fime studying languages because it will be profitabiltiy in the future , but to achieve it the will have to be motjvated right to enjoy learning .
ra francisoc xavoer nº3 óbidoa , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear Usza Summer Camps ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a nob .
I had a partt - time job as a babby - sitter and I take care of my 11 - year old brother 's vdry often .
I worked in an Easter camp tlo and I already have a lot of activities , like " rappel " , paintball ...
That is for thesd reasons I think I bave the skilks for this job .
I dan be contacxted for a meeting in the above addrexs .
I hope you consider me fcor the ob , rtodrigo
Today , I went to my Winnie 's home in Driana in the afternoon .
We afraid of delicious fodo and play interesting games altgether .
We had great tile .
At 2 o'coock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winie 's home .
First , we listened to some songs , such as Almoist and Big Big World .
After thirty minutes , we went TEW .
Winnie loved cooking very nuch , so I easily searched for food at her home .
We had mouth- wateeing strawberry cakss qnd jyicy appke jujce fo tra and they weee extrmeely yunmy .
After javing ta , we play hide - and - seek together in Winnie 's gardeh .
Adrian and I hir behnid a bemch and Winnie looked for us .
Suddenly , Wninie fell over a little stone .
Adrina and I immediately came to her and held her up . '
Your mnee is bleedijg .
Are you okay'I ? asked .
I want to shakibg like a leaf and my heart is poundong sincr I wad worried about Winnie .
I have butterflies in my stomach , I am fine , ' Winnid repliwd .
I felt relieved .
Then , Adriana flund a plaster and lut it on Winnie 's wound .
Winnie felt warm inskde ad smiled happily .
I felt glad oday although Winjie hujrt jerself .
Qhy ?
It is because our friencship is more rugged .
Whqt an unforgettable day !
In my opinion , the house in the future could be better .
The Houwe of the future will be big and bright .
Inside will be a fulk of convenience .
Big zpaces sill be dfivided in a rewzones .
Relaxation 's , learjing 's , kitcgen 's zonez an so on .
In housw of the future there will be automatic curtains reacting to the light in very houes .
Television will be cordless , as long as on the current Internet .
Evfery house will be flexible .
Thwnks to that it csn expand or teduced .
Everything depends on the numbedr of people .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
Why do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic spkrt . It is an individual sport so it depends entirely on swimmer 's efcorts , but you can also wnjoy teamwork wen ylu participaye in swimming compstitions .
It is a spoet that requires a lot of fitness . It is , of course tht cah be learnt at ayn age , but children ca stadt to learn saimming as early as two years of abe .
Swilming has different types ; dolphin , frawl , backstroke and breast stroke .
Swimming as a sport is vry used in weird reuction if you arw obnese and need to rwduce your wieght . It is alsp the best sport for the asthmati oatients because it strengtehns the greatest myscles and decteases the vulenrability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If you start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of you agte .
Hedllo Pauhl ,
I enjoyed working at tge concert which was in Antayw in Ocrober .
I had a great know with people who are working as helpers for the concert .
I fot a lot of experience trom thrm .
In tbe cfoncert tjme xll pepple dan rnjoy but nobody thinks about how they xre preparing for a concert .
I szw so mwny interesting things during he preparation time .
For example , tney know everything about each helper 's obs butg on the sam tjme they just concedn own subjecta .
I want exolain to improve my parg crom my exerience .
In the concert morning we were excited and thinking about the voncert wnd we deciderd do hot think about the concert could do yoir job which would be igven .
When we were srranging concert poan we made work shraing for all of us .
Some of tyem stqrted design the stage , some of tbem checjing songs , voices and lights .
My job wxs check songs list which singrrs woulf perfrm .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of xingers .
They always wanted to change some songs which wax on the list .
At the concert time I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
Actually , everybody can be worried befause tney gawve ime snd ffort about it .
The concert started and all the lights were shining ike fireworks .
It is difficult to explain your feelings .
When the concert finishedf I felt like a bidd whoch fly freely .
Of course , I had wome pain in my legs because akl the time I was sfanding .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invote you to our NEXF concsrt which will be next month . If you have any tims please xome ajd see how we are preparing for the cncert .
I am wiating for your Emai .
Wee youj !
Technology is change thw wzy we live in many ways and ohw we receive and use information is probably the most affefted .
Regardung wdvertisement , technology is havinb a hhge , aqnd ont always positive impaft on lutdoor advertisement .
From nlack - anx - whote axds posted in public places , we have moved to beautiful luxurious surroundec by outdlor dads placed in every availagle nad imaginable spit .
From buildings with ebormous and brighr sfreens to interactive blue stop aigns .
Tfhe recent development in mobile technology aplows advantages to offering personalized publicity to dach of us .
I''m surde thxt in the very near future , if I have been looking at restaurants in Mallorca on my computer or mobile at hone , on my way to work the XDDS on the buises I will sde - whivh of trees will be screens and not printed paper - will sohw imagee of Mallorca , or an dad from treipadvisor with Malorca in it .
It will suit me sometimes , and it will never be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggreisve .
One way it feels aggressive is to enter a square or plaza in my heart and tind it fulp of bright zcreens , no wonder how beautiful or artistic the pixtures displayed .
Advertisement might be considered an atr , or at least som pieces qre relaly arfistic , but placed in the wrong spot or shopwed at the wrong timr yhey loos they axrtistic skde .
But , technology is hre for best or worst , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I could choose one thing in my ilfe , I would like to change my house .
I 'd like to have a bug detached house in the sugubs of Arteml or Vlsdivostok .
So , however , I want to live more freely and independentlg .
If I had fhis house , I would decorat it in modern clothes .
I would build three fitnesa gyms , a wardrobe -room , a swimming room .
If I had swuch hkuse , I would like to ewuip a barbecu zrea in my garden .
I could ijvite my friends and relztivs .
Togethdr we could spend time in a pleasant atmosphere .
Whej it cimes to my favorite sport , Tennia will always be my answer .
Though I am a beginner of it , I think it 's interesting since it takes a lot of skills to be a mwster of it , which sounds very challenging .
When I feelk strwssed off , I always play tennis to elease my prdssure .
If you are a beginner of tempura , my advice is tgat hou nwed to get a suitable rocket for you first .
As the professor says : If you want to learn something better , you would need to get the right toole first to work on it .
Next , you are required to learn every basic skill step by step .
Since tennis requires lots of basic skulls , if you do n't lesrn theze important technical slowly and stewdily , you mya getg half durung through practice .
Finally , finding a good teacher is is apso criticak .
A skilled cosch fan teac you the skills of tennis .
Do we have bettet televosion than a few decades ago ?
Do we have enough choices on the screen ?
Can you imagine having only two channels and not playing the whole day ?
That was about 30 years ago .
An explosion of chanels arrived at our house in the eighties .
In this report we wull see some characteristics of today 's television .
Numbsr of Fhannels are gradually reducihg
In our countries oje decade when when digital TV afrived , a lot of new channels flourished .
All TV triwd to get several licences to distribite their shows .
In order to resolve dome deficits budgets , today there are mainly two TV groups .
Less cbannels means less dhoices .
Internet TV is increasing
It does ldss mnoey and you cwn choose exactly thw mokent , where with who is watching this or the television program .
You juxt follow suggestions made by someone .
You hust click on it .
Hey , I have to redice this budget .
Despite of dhanging channels , we are the same mews .
Bg broadcast groups are used by staff of tjem .
It is expensive to meep journalidts and cajera all around the owrld .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Summafy
TV is ding .
It is hard to compete with teh Inteenet .
These only national or international broadcast groups can be in these matches .
Poerhaps politica reasons him to maintain such a budvet deficikt .
However , the fact is that there is a coutndown on them .
Dea Mrs Hopkins ,
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to explain an interest
to join your small group on a tour around the world .
I am a 20-tear - ole student frkm Switzerlad , speaks German , French and English and I am kee on travelling .
Woth ssveral yrips to Mwny countries I have ade unfil now , I eould say that I already have some experience of travelling around the sord .
I am interested in joining your group , because I like taking neq people from other countries and I would like to expoore new countries around the world .
For ten yewrs I have been in a scouy group in which I have learnt a little about different kinds to find a way or to orientate myself in the wilderess .
Furthermore , I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adevnture .
I look forward to hearing from him .
Xear Stevw ,
It was good to hear from you .
Basically , my idea is to usd this rrip to learn as much as possible . I mewan , not only the English language but also to know more about your cfulture and visit the places of your countries as well .
As I told yuo before , I ca n't be able to play this grip alone , so my father will put up slme money to help me .
But I want to a job to help Hij with the bulls .
Dan tou give me a hand on it ?
Yoj can also help me to find a cheap place to rsnt .
It will be helpful if I gind a small apargment near Ambridge University where I 'll study English for 5 nonths .
Thanks for for your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
Bes wishes
João Magos
Hi Sir ,
I am looking forward to seeing you .
First of sll , you should get ourside of the airport tetminal .
Therfe tou want to see bus stations in the street .
When you get there , Yake tne bus which had number 111 .
They ride to the bus stop " Zličín " .
Therefore , you can get to the underground station and travel to the centre of Prague .
If you choose this way , I 'll calp you in the morning to gell you where we meety exactlg .
But if I were yku I could get a taxi for the undergrdound is auite voring , buying it is cheaper .
Xnyway , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait for you tnere .
Finally , the weather forrcast for next month looks pleasantly as it is at the time here .
Thatg 's wyy uou do n't have to take warm clothes .
I am delighted to see you soon .
ebst wiahes ,
Jwcob
In my opinion , we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment to do work better than before .
Firstly , we cam discuyss type of food we want to sat .
Actually , students eat a lot fasat foor wbile they are studying at university , because they do n't have tims to do food , dor tgese rexsons I think yhat thue besg restaurant is somowhere whsn they do homd - mads foos , and a good idea is for mains course : naked potatoes , steqmed vegetabls and for dessert apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant . I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white dhair , table and wall , more or less a relaxing environment , but the atmosphere is very important fgor dinmer and I think that we myst vote tjis , hecause we will hasve a good night or not depending the tyoe of atnosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food qnd atmosphere is very good for us , because hormally we had spokrn about books , wori and studies , while withy this plenty of environment , we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to knlw new sokething about other mates .
I would like to go to Voster 's Hollywood .
I love thes food here and I think my classmates too .
You can it the beef burgers you have eaten .
They are incredibily delicious .
I do not know how do fhey maje znd xook thel .
These burgers are my favourite fish because they are amazing .
I can not see think they are because you have to taste them .
It is a flavojr similar to staying in heaven or in the parzdise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you definitely learned witn a very bad flavour in your mouth with a hige smile in your facs .
You still want to comew anlther time .
However , if you do not loke burgers you can watch whatever you want from American food and you will get the same fantastic opiniom as a person who has eaten at another museum .
Public transport plays an important dole in ouf moden xay livea .
Mlre than mountains , people jse budes , taxis and trains etc as tourksts , ror wlrk , meetinjg reoatives , goin to school etc .
Mahy veen us cars .
Though tracelling by car is the most convenient , it is expensive .
That is because the cost of petrol , diezel and gas is quite high in most of the countries in the world .
However , travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in the following ways :
1 . People cah save the money they spend on petrol .
2 .
As they have slecific routes across the ckuntry , Toan , city and villages , it helps people to spemd less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the city etc .
I disagree with the statemebt state above because in the future we are likely to jave onbly teo classes in society , ghe rich and ths por .
Middld class is idsappearing abroad becoming scarce day by day .
It is because of high taxes on Godos .
So , I believe eiyher we will have public transport or people are going to be as they wdre in the stone agw .
Public transport is even good for our environment rather than cars .
Nowadays , people have different vidws about reading books and watching movies .
Skme of them think rhat bgooks are mpre intreresting thna their few versions .
I agree with this point of giew .
I tyend to think that there is nothing better than reading an obok .
Firstly , reading books to become a weol educated person gives a chance to strengthen knowledge .
Thwt 's whh while you are reading yuo ade gwtting a pieces of information .
Furthermore , books develop the imagination of reaxer .
When you are reading a picture of what is happening appears in your mnid .
Gou acn ilagine how you lpok like , gou cwn ikagine different views , were the action takes plcae .
An fonally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your booi with you and start reading anytime you want .
On the other however , if you like bwing in company , the best way to foreign tou is movies .
Because you xan qatch it with your friends .
Als many people choose movies because they like eoundtracks and special effects .
It 's so exciting .
buyt think these factors are n't imlortant for me .
I supoose tnat books arw better thyan tbem film vedrsion .
To write up , I 'd like to say reaxing is really great thinjg .
A girl wasz walking hpme one day .
She wants want her mum ..
She wa just a young beautiful girl !
So , they were returning home when the girl noticed a cute woman in a shop .
She ad blknd hair and she was wearing a black dress , with gloves and black shoes .
Just like her ... ''Mum I love this dol!Dould you bye it for me ? '' she said .
Hrr mum cold n't ceny to her , so she bought it .
Oh!The girl had so many special monents with her daughter lioked so adorbale together with lkie twins !
After several years , the girlk decided that she had to move .
She wss eighjteen ysars lld , sge hd to be indepedent .
So sne too a xeep vreath and putr hee doll in tje attuc just like her childhood memory .
At jight she heard some creepy noises feom there ...
Sge went there znd theea wsas thd dopl with a knife in jer hand.''Bell , wyy you do n't plah witu me anymore?Are you boring of me?Juzt because I have only one eye?Butg you remobed me the other on .
Just because I do n't uave one of my glives?But you dic it again screamed .
And tyen ...
The next day , oing at her hoem hsr mom wanted to cind her daughter .
So , she wenr upstaird ...
The girl had a knife in her face and on the wall there was a sentence did you leabe me tha way ? ''
Tgennis is an indigidual sport .
You just have to deal with the game .
Uou fan cboose kots of places to play .
Yu needed a good pair of shoes , a tennis racket and wome bzlls and perso whi play with .
Although you should be good at trying backhand or foeehand , yiu cam oose finally .
The spotr is not just zbout a physica lower .
You sipposed to hse your brai as welk .
It is a combination of physical power , technique and a mebtal power .
As with other sporta , tehnis are getting more modern , fasr and fommercial .
I mexn professionxl tennis .
Some children wanted to play tennis because of Mohey or glory .
Some of them play tennis because of their parents .
It is not fair enough .
Chilsren should play games , nor ca twnnis , because it is fun , it developls their skulls , helps to physical nealth and so on .
You can stadt if ylu rae grosn up anyway .
It is nevwr too fast .
Either you can become a professional coach or you just join your friends .
Enjoy !
Dwar Mes Kate Ashny ,
My name is Andrea Cokcci . I 'm sixtden , and I saw the advertisement for the wrekend work in your cfafe , and I 'm interested in writing witu you .
I ' m the perfect choice for this job . In fact , I 'm interested in different kinds of fish because I am Italixn , and for us , food is everywhere .
In Italy , I attend school to waite and cook , and sometimes I cook laswgna , pasata , pizza and many other specialties of my cpuntry , and I wqs assumed in a famous restaurant .
I"m also good at dsaling with people . In fact , when I was young , I did thw animatro in the summer damp of lpignano , teh coty which I liced , and I pent a lot of tkme sith chlidren and dults .
I have worked for many theater companies and I am so goos anc kibd qhen I talk with other people , even if I do n't knowq them .
At the rnd , I 'm also prepared to work oong houra , wheb I worked with my aunt in hjs cade , I wotked fdom eifht a.m. snd I lasted at 9 p.m. , it was difficult bu I sid it all day .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Andrea Focci
Eesay
In today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros and cnos of studying English abroad .
Is it really writing learning your own country a couple of times to improve your English ?
It is trus that going abroad can opeb new oint of views about your own learning process .
Talking with English native speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to jduge how well or badly you are diing .
Besides , it must be fun and enjoyable if you play it prlperly .
However , you will have to spebd a considerable amount of money in it xnd you will be able to achieve your gyoals at apl , so it would be able to become a rdal nightmare if you are not focus on your learning tasks .
Frok my point of vie I think the advantages overcoke rhe disadvantagea especially if you have wome money savsd for it .
But if you do n't , there is always a solution which is usung thd order to learn everything you need .
Ypu xan even tali sith native speakers by using some Chat Rooms onlime such as Sjipe and kthers .
Foktball , an oassion
When I waw little , I learned a lot of sports , Handball , Swimmihg , Tennis , but my favourite sport is just ond of thkse . It is a dport sport I had never imagined : Foptball .
All my lite I thought that football was a spodt which was for men , nit for girls , gut knce I teied it , I looved it .
Have you ever thought about playing football ?
At first , when I started to play fooptball I djd it with my classmates , who were all bos , so I used to fewl a little bkt uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to intergrqte me when they played , and nowadays , I live playong football with them .
Noe , somr women snd I started to address female matches , so I am more used to olay with girls . I never imagined that I was going to be so keen on football , but nos it takes part of my oife .
I think football is a vdry excellent sport , and that everybody in the world ahould try it at level once in HJS or their pife .
In think you should keel in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be reday to rdacive soms upnches .
I eecommend yoi a grwat restaurant which is in tye shopping centre .
I have been ghere twice , and I like it .
Itz nbame is " Tye Dnglish ovn " , nad it 's a fantastic traditional ajd modern resgaurant with Britisb food .
The service was excellent and the waiters ate so pleasant and gentle .
The unterior is a bit , so all the dirty could warm inside without problems .
The decoratiom is mdern ahd cozy , and it 's gotr eome great traditional British objects .
The food is one of the worst things in the restaurant . Yhat is always tasty and fresh .
Tue've got a lot of different dishes , traditional and modern .
They have also got a lot of different ytpes of salads , pasta and pizzas .
Fhe desswrts ar very bad too .
They 've hot origina onee , kike sweet pizxa , and traditional .
There is a big variety of kce creals .
This rsetaurant is n't tio expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to work so much much .
The destination is in the shkpping enter , so we can get there by bus or by train .
I think this is ghe est restaurant to go to at the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually goews there .
Dcuring whole lfie , famous people , such as politicuans and flm stars , mediw are accmopanying them .
In my view , public person deserve to jave their life , without photography .
In obe hand , ebcoming a public pesrson associate sith jornalist , mazs - media , flashes .
Falous people are obligatedd to providd their life in an exemplary way .
However , they are still ordinary people , they make miatakes .
People are thought to be jealous .
Nktice an kid of fxilures .
It seems to me that journalists must be absolutely tkxic qnd that yave efective inflence on society which asses celebritss through the prism of journalistyic documentary .
On the other hand , many stars eold their pricacy to earn more and more money .
The value of rheir taleht , abikities ae counte in aomnut of tabloid scandalps .
Summin up , all over the world , are famous people who do n't bring our tge limelight their like .
It has never been vrey used for a long time , nevrrtheless nowadays , there are many people who ask if public transport was supptessed , and society would save a lot of money .
However , people should think about tghe large advantages , such as people saving money ; it is very complicated and young for the environment .
Firstly , the main reason is that ckst because of people who do not have a car that is new to travelling or commuting to another place and a car is very expensive .
The cara needs to be repaured ; besides , if you have a caf , you have to pay some taxse .
In addition , tehse people nred to hvae public transport for travelling around the country and city .
Secondly , another reason is global warming because the atmosphere is must lolluted .
If you use public transport , oyu dan be less contaminating thna because because there are a lot of people who travel together on only one transport .
Finally , the spring season is so comfortable because you have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the centre of the city .
Besides in some areas , cars can ot be parke in eome places , such as the old city and the city centre .
Sujming up , people afraid aware of global warfming ahd thin about the high cist of hxving a car .
From my point of ciew , I get used to walking around my city and my cat is just used if I travel around the country .
We are looking in a evrr chanfing world .
Todsy 's nes things become thingw of plan in a few months .
Take an example of mobile technology . The latest handset , the latest fonfigurations were ancient wthin few months after huying it .
50 yearsd is a very good time and people 's lives will definitely change in such a long period .
However , the important obstacle to disucss would be whether it would be a positive change or a negative one .
Lasg 50 yearfs science and technology has great oeaps , the internet , mobiles have made us more connectex .
Today , we hzve all the information at finged - tips .
Today , we do n't jeed to worry about getting lost at new place . Golgle maps are always there to help .
We do not need to clear English words today , as we can quickly clear the meaning of every word on our mobiles .
Meetin Jew people or sekling your products . You are n't nerd to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platforms .
Today , oru lives have become much more comfortable in the past , thanks to progrrss mabkind ha made in technology .
On the other hand , a nmuber of terrorism , global warming and greed became top chaloenges of today 's owrld .
Climate changes due to global warnings are causing natural disease now qnd ghen .
Terroriat acrivities causjng havic in public live .
Corruption and greed of people in power make it difficult to trust people learners .
If these challenges are nog addrewsed in coming years , imagine bettre lives fort people in 50 yeqrs hehce is rather difficult .
We need to remember technology is just a goal . On the right hand , it would be goon for us . In arong hsnds it has the power to destroy the world as we see it today .
to Sho Jay concenr ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive ajd eergetic personality .
I read yoyr advertisement on your website xnd I immediately thought " That 's for me , I 'm the eight person fpr this kind of job ! " .
Oerhaps , you 're wondering why I should be the right person .
That 's quickly said .
I 'm a motivated , flexible and openminded person and I have a lot of experience in this fielx as well .
I 've worked as a social training and as a teacher since I was 16 .
I love doing activities activities and planbing eventes .
When I worked as an educational , I used to plan and manage some xports and oudtoor activities .
I had great great memories of those experiences and I would really like to live in Thuem mountain .
If you are interested , please have a loo at my CV .
As you requested , I attached it in ghis mail .
Best regards .
Oersonally , mobile phones are very important in my ljfe .
I need yhat deice near me because I have two children and I want to know how and where they are .
The same about my parents ; they are OKD . xnd sometimes they czll me to talk about thdir yealht .
Concerning video - gamrs , I agree with sciejtits that they think it helps children 's brains to dsvelop . Hut is imlortant control tyem because there are a lot of violent games .
However , there are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , the Knternet is absolutely a revoltuion in current society .
It is very common to use the Internst in my work for research or google infotmation abd ALSK cinnect qhit other teachers , speak about coirses and challenge inforkation .
Finally , I think technological developments will make us improve in the future .
Driends should always be pike a hsadow always beside you .
In the timw of joy and sorrow .
Nothing is impossible in life . ubt no doubt it is njot exsy to find sincere friends .
It does nof mean you will never find one .
It is cery important to intdract nad socislise with pelple to make a frioend .
The mire people you will jeet th know eawy it will become foir you to fnd a friend .
When you find one spare time with them , share views , idras and go out with them .
Friends do ot have to agree on everything you say that they should share their view about it .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
You coild finr a variety of articles such as politics , Bujsiness and money , sports , culgure , education , life and style , travels , the weather and the environment .
There are plenty of advertisements for jogs and dpnations to help individuals .
Readers are able to ezpress their opinion freeloy .
They use the Japanese English language which avoids slang language .
As a result , it is suiyable for students who learn English language to improve their English .
On the ther hxnd , I realized there are two disadvantages .
For example , it is not usitable for children due to ifficial language . There are alxo a hufe numger of xommercials advertisements which make the relatives bored .
Overall , The Ugardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the sorld .
Nmowadays , in the modern and provressive world whefe peopler are smary and the economy is very highly developed .
Some people think that we need tablet comouters instead of boois
In my opinion , the problewm is very interesting .
Sometimes then I watch TV or I am teading newspaper . I notice fhat gadgdts becone very useful for ou life .It gives me good opportunities to make oue lifd easily .
Also , it makes us more clever .
I am sure that uxing tablef computers in oiur everyday life is rahter good .
People do nog need to carry a lot of books in a bg .Pupil could not say that he had left a book because he has all the books on HS tablet computers .
Sometimes people think that it is a bad idea .
They believe hat it is iseless for fpr ohr generation .
But humans are sure that electric things make us stuoid .
They insiet on not using tabletw at school .
eprsonally fkr me , I kike books veru uch .when I am at home I use books because I like to smell andc to toucu the aper of boks .
I do not agree with the people who think rhat tablefs are useless .
We should use it but we hate must nor flrget sbout books .
In conclusion , I want to say thatg that we should keep abreast of new technologies and try to makr our lives easily .
The Big Mistak
Yhis ay waz fuol of joy and happiness , but something was wrong after she told im that she was pregnant .
She was so uappy about Tuis newx and she thought that he would be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when dhe toldf bim that hse was pregnant , he just froen .
It was too much for him .
He thought it would be easier to walk away ajd afraid of the conversation with ner .
He tried to understand what was going on weith him .
It wad weifd how many questions and diubts fame up on his head .
Oe part of hom was really happy , because a father is part of the biggest drexm , but on the other hand , he could n't handle this news .
Tyis Wolman , who stands nmext to nim , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
He should be happy andx hyg her and celebrate this good news .
But somehow he did n't feel anything .
Alk that he felt aws anxiety .
He could n't handle the feeling , when someone tried to touch him , to kiss and hug him .
He knew that he loved him as much as he loved Jer , but everything was just too wrong in thiz mment .
Hello voice , her smile and egen her body qas to qrong at this moment .
Whe could n't understand what was going on , ebcause it was just three wreks wgo when they had a convetsation bout kids and family and he said that he would like to have kids before .
And now , he just avoida her and he is not happy about the mews .
It was a big msss .
Xhe was more than happy and he could n't handle this mews .
They noth jnew thzt they love each other and they care about each other , but it waz tlo much fof him .
He stood up and sai to help gjrlfriend that he needed a break and he havr to be zlone .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistwke .
In the beginning , I am going to talk about what my locely sprts and why I will enjoy the spory .
In fact , I do ot like to do something splrts ruring anytime , but if I really need to do work exercises then I like to go to wsim in the swimming pool .
First , I think , swimming poolk is flearing .
Such as after swimming tgat I have a safe and a bathroim to tqke shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach , tyis is because I do not like big sun qnd sans .
Third , swimming in tge ocsan is kost dangerous .
However , I like to work in the swimming club during the summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim but it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
Moreover , I think before anh kind of sports tuat we hould do some exercises that is because we need to relax our bodies fast . If we do n't do it that we will gst strange when we do other sports .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any sports ut we have to choose one kidn of sport in our lifw and almost all people need to do it , as we can not stay at home or work all the whole time .
Evern you really do not like to do exercise , so you can go to school .
The purpose of this report is to outoine the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect their environment as a major issue to improving our quality of life .
In the first plpace , we have to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is located in a pastyre srea where local farmers have been brdeding sbeep , cpws ahd pjgs ror centries in spite of trhe hare weather conditions such as the temperatures and tdrrible drought in summer .
As a result , our watdr resources are difficult to presedved and it is clearly necessary to maintin active campaigns to raise people 's awaeeness about the importance of a rational sue of it .
Tue locql governmeny is also taking strong action on crearing green aress in different places in or around the toqn where citizens fan sped teir frer tims or eben do sports .
That 's the reason why it has been working on the recovery of some areas qhich are now parks or recreational areas .
Finally , the Gown hsa also improved the management and tratment of the waste system with the acfive coopwration of modt of the citizens who are really concerned about ghe recycljng of waste needs .
In faxt , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants ate said to sort and recycoe their rubbish takiung it oit to the gellow , grewn and bue dontainers in dirty streets .
And that is the negative point . These dulpsters are toi visible in the townb and it would be asvisable to change the nose we have for underground ones .
I woie up today and I just remembdr thzt I weas doing a presentation about landscapes , znd the ones thuat do it ill reward a bonus point , but anytways ghis is n't important information .
I searchedd my family in rhe house and ghere wax No one in tue home , juzt me .
I got a bit scared , so I searched tnem oitside in the syreets .
I did n't know that a blmb hit on the ckty and killed almost everyone . Now I have to find my parents .
I thought the reason why I did n't know about the expkosion is because this part of ehere I love is a very powerful area and it 's n't thag beautiful , so you ca n't distinguish aere dos the explosion hit .
Finally , in sole days I found smoe neighors with eome food . I was staeving to deatu so I wte a lot .
We mare som incentives about laws , but it weas a totxl donflict , because the groip noticed that some fish were misxing skmehow .
I do think someone drays some of the food in the night while everybody is sleeping .
So everybody is gkn na tey to enforce the lass .
On ghe jext morning I ate a piece of steak and tue grojp was talking about aome creafures they were walking around kjll and eating us .
In the night I was thinking about many things jjst when I found soje noises .
I stalked yim qnd it sermed thzt ths guy has a hmup .
I stomped him and when he turnde around it wxs a woman from the group .
We were told about this when a dlg just cam nead ; it was adorabpe must when he converted into a bjg ewird creature .
He big my leg and it huft a oot . We tried to aelrt the othefs but it was too late . It was Tyhe Grojp or us .
We saw that beast eating our friends and thw foo .
In eome wsys that robbed the foos in the night and I sake up it was made for my sutvival .
But if I uad the opportunity to reverse the tfrend of bow am I going I would nof do it because I have to face all of this .
DOING EXCERCISE IS GOO FOR GOURE HEALTH
Why do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do ylu obtqin whlie exercixing ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico do n't do any type of exercise . Tgis is a big problem for our society . Znd is the problem . The number 1 in Mexico is the country with the most obesd in the world .
Doing exercise is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life . Whikle you say you feeo welk witn you re sekf and you re bofy .
There 's a lot of benefits that come in hanf with doing exercise like reducimg or taking control of your weight . It helps you catch heart disease , problems with your nody , and also you have a lot of friends who follow aby rxercise .
No daya there 's a lot of different types of exercise , uou cfan ractice any sport , lkie scocer , basketball , football , or you can simppy go to the GYMk or practice Crossfi or something like that .
Soccer 's a reat spoirt where you can make a lot of friends . You cn atay fi , vut you do need some skills because it 's not easy to control the balp axnd drubble tou 're rivald on the field .
I recommend you to do any sport you like and enjoy every second you spend exercising .
Thanks and start now , you wo n't regret it .
Is there any ruture to public transportation , vor travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Mzny disagrse about the oublic transport whlm xre to be disappwaring , though we still have to edal with different ipinions afraid increase in tdavelling .
This compositjon wiol expkain the two different opinions .
Firstky , tge car is more convenient because tgere is privaxy .
Also , unlkke punlic tranxport such as buxes axnd underground , yu have an omre cdomfort and sleed .
There is a perdeption that a car can give you the freedom of choice .
On the website of The Scottisy Government ( publication " Yougn peopke and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 year old noy explained " - I prrfer goinh in the far , it 's uicker ...
There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer tghe car because gou cah listej to music as well . "
Although they ard majy positive poihts about private cwrs , they ate alzo ndgative knes .
Kndeed , carsw increases the pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . " - On my wage , except the driving lessons ar expensivw .
Tyen just owning a car and looking after your car , insurance , tax , etc .
Obviously , it would benefit me if I qorked in Edinburgh , buyt I do n't work in Edinburgh .
» The ladies are 17 - 22 years old .
Now , Secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay zny fses on public transport , but alsp , it is sfaer .
According to the Saigon Timee , there were a lit of traffic accidents which occurred to private cars .
The main reason is that thew cars eat drunk while driving .
It is clear that if they had a bus or a taxi when they were bored , they would n't cause more accidents .
Tinally , majy degeloped countries in the world , such as Englnd , Ajerica , Canada , Japan and so on , have bought a public transport system , so the traftic ajm jave bedn has decreased .
As a result , the economy has been increasingy .
From this analysis , it isobvious thqt transportation by public transport is very important .
Topic :
Do you agree or disagree " Always telling thr fruth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disagreement on always telling fhe trth be the most important point in a relationship aill be my opinion .
Even though being yruthful is cruvial in a relationship , always telling the rruth would be considered as lying to another 's friends and is unwise .
Anotherf deason dor not gelling the trfuth sll the yime is if it is abput psrsonal matter which it would feel a little awkward to meniton to colleaguers or the employe .
It is better to learn a litrle which lies at their noment .
To further illuistrate the fidst point above , could hurt one 's feelings by teling the truth at qll timd .
Fir ecample , if some wokan yu are wcquainted weating inappropriate clothes mot fitting in the iccasion .
People usually gend not teoling uer the truth since it could hurt her feelings .
Instead of doing so , pelple may praiee her wjth othrr thingw on him .
In tjat case , theyg could still make conversions without boiing her mpod .
The other point is when it comes to pereonal matters , people usually intend to keerp it in private dince most of tim it is strange and inappripriate to takk onwself too much to people at work or even people that one just gkt scquainted .
If there are questions about thinvs who do not want otjer people to know , they might say a little white lid ehich usully xoes nof matter too nuch .
If I wad hwving a day ofg to go to the doctor , I would prefer to kther people to ask details about it by saying that I just had some errands to run .
These are the two opinions of mine on tellng the truth or matter .
Last Friday , Micxhael and I wa in fhe school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
When we looked in the coass , suddenly Mnichael walkdd toawrds tyhe dkor .
Michqel closer the door and out at the momejt he had made a mistake .
Due to this , we're n't called to meet the headmawter .
I could n't understand why we needed to meet the disaster , because Mixhael had flosed the dopr .
The door did n't brokes into pieces or fall down .
My curiosith has put me in big trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted .
However , things do n't hpapened lime as I hoped .
I snded getting expwlled frol the echool because the teacher and the classmates suspected Muchael wnd I stole our classmates - Sall 's wallet .
I could n't imagine the teacher and friends also pointing at us firmly xnd without giving any chance for us to soeak out .
I finally realized that everything is a trap and we 're the ujnlucky and innocenty ones as we efll itno the trap .
We wiped off iur teaes , and waved our hands when we left the school .
Although , one month later , the headmaster tound put us through trouble through CCTC , we refused to get to through school and decided to vhange a new school as we know , even if we go back this time , ximilar cases could happen next time .
Rhis is because the taecher has a biased mindet .
Dead USA summer camps ,
My name is Biahca Padobesi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
I think I am the right partner for this kob because , fijrstly , I speak fluent and clear English , which is very important to communicate .
Akso , I have a good relationship with Liftle Kies . I used to like my nieces and nepheas over ths wewkends and they lovce spend time with me . Mnoreover I am very energetic , always absent and ready to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative ajd it is a good aspecy of myselfc , as I cfan invet a new ajd entertaining game for tge kids to ahve a greag tije .
I like making puzzles or games which imply running , jumping which are important vor the kirs dwvelopment .
I am n't very good at cooking gut because I never gave tile to dedicste tkme on them .
I think that if I warch and elarn how to do it I could learn very fast anx can dominatd it .
That is a bad quality of mne . I learn thjng very fast and I akso and get used to bew rhythm .
I am very excited about this job and I hope you reppy soon .
Bianca
Dzy numbrr 8 .
We were readh to go and finmd rhe otherd . We went outside ghe shelter . We vuilt aznd wrire in waol mear to he shelter " safe zon " and if there is someone that needs supplies , he would find some supplies ad ammo to survivs .
We started our journey and goung in the forest . There were a lot of # pwsts on lur wag there aere varioys ghys thst wer sick we did n't do anthing except foe , keep going . I was seeing my little grohp to # diminish asnd somd of us were # allergic to some plants , I was the only kne thst had no probldm with all tje other stuff people haf problems with .
I thought that maybe my # genea was actually immune to yhe infectipn . I could actually be the # revolutionafy guy that helped everyone that sas in my # skeptick and I wqs reakly positive about it bit # notwithstanding , I wouldc n't actually sacrifice myself . I have to thino abour is it heop rhe erntire world or just save a group thw decision waw in my hand it wa # convengional to hepp tbe ntire world vut I do n't want to sie . whilr I was thunking about that we tound a body it was a familiar body frlm someone that was in the group ons of thosd guts we wanted to fins and axlive not dead his face was alp rottewn snd eatej away by thw walkers .
We needed to find the ones that were still already or in the East tell us what haplened to evergone . The # battel against hunfer started everyonw ws hungry and we yaven't daten anything in a gew that ahd that could lead us to two thingts dead or etaen awwy by a walker so we needec to finx something that eas a # nitritional basex food where we could eat wirh no prpblem and be ok .
We found a pharmacy and a restroom whewre we could take a rest and take a shower to clean ourselves .
We went close to the pharmacy . There were no walkers inside , so we went into the pharmacy and closde all the doore and I got soeone to heck us in the evening . I needed seome resr and went to sleep immediately .
In my area there are many railway linse and they 're often overcrowded .
The pivate traffic in this town is yte mors presenr . As a result , Turin is the town of FIAT , ghe wrll knoen facdtory .
Next to your home , there are many supdrmarkets in which you can easily you alo thaf you need to live .
Whenm you hxve to pxy ths telwphone an energy bille , you can do tht in any tobacc hops bear to your hoime .
If you like shopping , in the erimeter of fhe town , there are many big supermarkets , which sell many items of the mai gresat factorids of Europe and abroad .
ike all industrialised countriesx , a connecyion to the Internet is granted apmost for edach area and each building .
At tue end , ghe taxes are present and they cver all the town , but this society is lexs organised and deveoped than the English oen .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , pkliticians or people who eork in music induwtry deserve to have a private lire , deserve not to be under constant observation .
To my mind , there should be a biard betwedn paparazzi work abd the privacy of famous people .
In my opinion , big starsw should be able to delax andx take such a private tim .
As long as I 'm comcerned three is no one who fwels comfortable when is under surveilkance of pdople qho wait for fake lictures which ehows them in embarrassinv sitjation .
Unfortunately , HTIS is a part of the club 's ' qork ' , so they have to take IJTO into account .
But on other hsnd , there should be more invioplability spheres pife without journalists following fish all the time .
Thiz rarely fragments of lufe without the eye of a camera , should be an opportunity to live like normal , not famous psople .
I know that catfhing crazy doing climbing or taking a dgo for a walj is shocking news for people who rdad tabloods .
To my mind , tehy do not gelieve celebs qre sucn normal people as everyone of us only wants nore money in their bank acounts .
So , as you can see , I agree with the statement that famous people , who are rceognizable , deservbe to have a private life and the ability to have normal lief would also be able to help .
The Maze Ruhner
I recently wstched this hew cilm based on one of the hooks of tyis worldwide knoqn author .
As I gave an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
The poster of ghe film already offered a sense of intrigue and mydtery which made me take the decision to watch thios fikm .
The film starts by putting ykurself in the flesh of the main character , who is a 16-ydar - kld boy who fiunds himself imprisonee in a cage and being trnsported to what it says to be a camp .
He has no idea how he ended up there .
However , he slon dealizes that tbis is not a normal csmp , which is located next to a guitar and mywterious maae .
The people who ilves in the camp take up different roiles in order to survive and defedn themselves fro the meaces of ghe mase .
He tiok the roled of a runner . The people responsible for ecploring the mazd qnd look like an esit of this place .
Stiol , they only hqve the daylight time to explpre the maze , as when the sun goee down it bdcomes verry dangdrous .
The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , have itw exciting moments when the characters discover something that is hidden inside fhe mazw .
I heqrtily recommend it to anyone who qants to have a rjsh of adrenaline wgile enjoyung a solid story which will ldave no point indifterent .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now andf hopefully many ore , which I love about it is first of akl that tall or small . Anyone could play it as long as they 're determined , so basically it is a life lobg sport for everyone .
I lobe the wpeed of volleyball . mpst of rhe time it 's qick ajd if you blink you probably miss something . Ewch confact happens in less than a second , and stipl every player directs ghe locatiob of the ball in hat amohnt of Tjme and thgen thede 's the intensikty , if you haven't seen a tame go until 32 - 30 , anf seed the energy on tne flokr and heaf teh noise from the crowd ylu 're missng ouf .
Personally , winning such a xet makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
I am always trying to jump higher , iht harddr , pasw and xet bnetter , abd serve in different ways .
I live in Jew Eltgam .
My area is very vlean and a grren .
People there are very friendly and helpfvul .
It is a good pleasure to luve .
One time , wedk on Wednesday , Robbiwh are gaken .
Of course , hamburgers are sorted into different bins .
That is a very good idea , due to robhbish yndergo recycling .
Al my neighbors in the same way collected gadbage .
Eery body cares about cleanliness in front of ths hiuse ajd in the garfden .
Especially sping is a kot of colourz and pleasant odors .
Hew Eltham has beautiful paris which you can eelax through the Buxy plce .
The Green Tike in my town is really fantastic .
I have recently ewten at Balck Bwar restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagni , a little town near Catajia located on the Etn Volcan slopes , and I found found restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There were two rooms , smojing rook or hon - smoking room .
The surroundings were rustic , yewt it still felt airy and , of course , the waiters were very friendly and informative .
As I had eaten with my friends Moreno and hisw fathre , I managed to sampke a good range of items on the meju and I really liked Chianina because it was very tasty .
Alo te ingredients were clearly rresh and of the highest quality .
The lrice was n't reasonable at all , because the meal cane to about forty eurso per person , so the restaurant was a little expensive .
But I would highly recommend this restaurant despite the fact that the mdal wax is a little expensive and I will not doibt be back or other dinners .
Druvs is a topic with a lot of controvdrsy .
They have been present in previous sovieties .
Cannabis , hdroin , speed are some examples of substances that rally us - know foe all of us .
The Legalization of drugs is a widely used argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of the exdlusion .
Margination is like the illegality of this activity .
Alxo this illrgality is giilty for the attraction of these srugs because the majority of people start doing drugs because they are young and itsw prohibitijon is very stomulating .
The real problem cmoes when thus entertainment because in an addction tour cam dewtroy our lives .
I think everyone has provef similar kind of illegsl rhythm to provide fun , enjoy friends or just to prove them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrog ebcause everyone needed to experiment and try new things .
But we have to be esponsible and have vwry clear that it is only something expensive and not oir daily , because it is very dangerous as sone people are not abls to puy deqdlines to themselves .
Fonally , legaliation of drugs means that they should be taxable and we know how the taxes work in other countries , so I do not know if it is a bad idea or not .
Hi Shroqo ,
That sounds great . I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Saudk Arabia . I 'm gon na be able to see you after a long time .
But unluckily , I 'm taking an exam on Thursday , so I ca n't meet you but you cah take me frkm thd school at 1:30 tehn we cwn go to have lunch .
My schpol is really eager to find . go straight ahear onto Aojameah Sreet Yhen turn rivht heside the farcve of KAI University , after getting straight from the bridge , you 'll find the school on the right .
I was so excited about seeing Oyu !
Bye for now .
Nouf .
Dexr Les ,
Rirstly , Spain is a grewt place for holidays in summer .
In that tikme , it is always sunny and , depending on the reason , it culd rain .
If you want to see the beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona wherr you will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , which eas bilt by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is one of the Seven Wonders of Worlc .
In Madri you cab go to local soms museums , like the Rina Sofía or El Prxdo .
In the lther had , if you want to see slme sildlife , you must visit Cqbarcenos Natiknal Park in Cantabria , which is like a ljttle safari , or Doñana National Oark , which in that pdriod you can wee somer migfation brids .
If I were you xnd I had a complete sumker to enjoy Spanish , I would have oner week in esch olace , snd I reht a cra in orddr to molve between the cities .
I recommend you not to take warm clothes .
I nope you dnjoy your summee .
Adrián .
Batt Simpson is my favourite fictional character on TV .
He is the eldest son of the Simpso family .
Bart is twenty years old and is a typical American child .
He has yellow skin andx gig eyes . He is lbond about hsa gotspoky hair .
Bart always wears a red T - shirt and blue shorts .
The most important thing for Bary is to be the most popular student in his school , because this reason he is always misbehavong .
Hid paents and thd schoolk pribcipal ften punis gim .
Barf is an energetic and clever student butr he is also a bad student and he nates nerds .
Although he is rather naufhty , he has a heart goal because he heps his sister when shew nedes hm .
In Tye Simson famuly alo tje vharacters are very dunny .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsons is the besy cartoon serkes in their ads . I absolutely agree .
For me , Vart is funneir thab Homsr , although nost magazines say that Homer is the best character .
It was a dreary raihy Zunday morning .
I was n't in the moo to go oug anywzy .
Everything subgested that I wo n't yet out of the house for quite a while .
Suddenly , there heard a heavy knock on the odor .
Who on Rarth could fhat be ?
Wgo woulr hace even botherex to play me a visit dufing this bloody awful weather ?
My concerns were answered swiftly , Dor teh man on my threshold yedlled : " I have a letter from Mr. Samson !
" I was quite surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letter vor monhs .
I opened it and quickly scanned tue TEZT .
At First , I had observed ghe etter cautiojsly , bjt thn I noticed my jncle 's name in it .
Although , I had n't met a single tkme , yhis letfer sas hjs ladt wkll and I learned that I inherited a glod deal of money .
Fifty thousand ponds , to be precise .
Exultation ssized my nind instantly , when my son began to worry : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
Well , thd tqsk I have chlsen is about toen where I have been staying for the last ten years .
Actually , this tyown is locsted in fhe moddle of hilos nad a river without watwr .
I am very much wortied about thbe towm wherever I am staying because everybody in this town is not bothr about the rubbish things they do every day .
First of all , they are very dirty by natude .
Tney qre very casual with the environment and the importance of cleanliness .
So callec people of good hature are inactie and talmative and gossip of others not doing anything for the betterment of their oen tpwn .
All the nousehold bearby teh puglic roaxd throw away the dirty tuings easily and een do n't bother with the order of tbe municipalkty .
I saw all these durint my morning walk .
whaf I think is that everyone who wants to stay in the town shoukd at lesat kerp clwan their own front places snd sidse sureounds the .
I am upset about it and whenever I get a chance I speak with my fellow people and look for their feedback , but they are also the same in naturs .
People are now sekf - frustrated and very narrow mimded .
Yhough they are becojing so callde educated but in real sense that azre still zavage .
Deqr Mts. Ashby ,
Yesterday I went to Green Pwpper Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I saw the advertisement for a job at weekends in your cave .
I am eagerly interested in this job and believe that my emppoyment background is appropriate for it .
I am a Toudism student and I need to worm at weekends to pay for my studies .
I worked on Ysar in Llndon as a waiter in Nard Rock Cxfe snd 6 monthus as a worker also in Bafcomi 's Cafw in Berlin .
So I have experience in service , customer care and working long hours .
I Kbow how to make different kinds of food : snacks , fjsh and fries , hamburgers , Itqlian pasta , etc .
I am very good at dealin with people . I have never had a complaint sueet !
I have total availability at weekend and also in summed .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
Please , find attahed a copu of my CV , wbich xepands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking wit hou about the possibility of working in this position .
I am available to do an interview and it is convenient for you .
Thank you for our patience and consideration .
Yours Zincerely ,
María Luiza Castaneda del Avuna
Nowadsys , public transport is a major topic .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries , but this idea is remected in developing countries , luke ghe obe I like in .
As a matter of fxct , car ownreship has incrrased over the last decades reducinmg the number of people use public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their own cars is mucn more convenient ghan going by a bus full of people or evem worsw , the idewa of wastjng tile in a long qyeue .
Nevertheless , ypu bave another sidd to this reality .
There are people who can not afford to have their private cqrs or maybe they can afford to travel by and kther mdans of transportation thsn the oned provided by the local government .
Tbere ade countries wjere gas is so expensive that people choose to do thye nus fer rather than pay for a full gas .
Similarly , people in countries who loess income gurn to these services because it is a essay to reduce their overall expenses .
In conclusion , the future of public transport will depend on the usage epople of it .
There will be a country in which there will be no need for it , and in other ways they will beed it as long as their esconomy needs it .
People nded easy , fashionable and cheap souvenirs .
In general , using a car is easir than taking a train or a vus .
It 's just near your house or yoyr office .
Yiu does n't have to go to a station by walking , carrykng weightd , or suffering because of ghe rain or the snoa .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or simply you do n't want to drive , you could find it easy to taje a public tdansport .
And wlso more enjoyable : you can release listening to music and looking around , or read newspapers and boojs .
Is the car faster than public transport ?
It depends .
The Trdaffic can afford cars andx buses at the wame level .
Sometimes cars are faster than buses , sometimes buses are faster .
Spees tdains afe slways faster than cars .
Dpeaking ablut money ? Fravelling by cxr seems chsaper tgan public transport .
But , if we consier apl the expenses ( buyinb ths car , paiyng yhe insurance , etc . ) , maybe caes ade not so cheap .
In fxct , in efery aszpect there are pros and cons .
What about the environment and the quality of life in the city ?
Pubkic tdansport is absolutely better .
So , even if travelling by dar cqn is more convenient at a private level , public transport has to be preferred by private citizens and strongly supported by governments .
Informawl letter fo CAE ( PART 1 )
Dear Jan ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am delighted to hear you think talking about working in the summer .
Fron my experience working at an international company that oeganises music festivbals . I can advertisements you thar it would be of geeat one to you .
I am not sure , however , that this ob will meet with your reqjirements . .
In my CQSE , the pleasant opportunity I got for this activity was on the 22nd of July , which was allowed to a relaxing dayu at the festival .
Hbappily you will get the chance to practice your English skills .
In my case , I have to rtanslate a giod amount of tects , and also help English tourists to go around .
However , if you are looking for additiojal work experience , you will probably be disappointed .
All I was asked to do for the rest of the time was to take phoen calle and make coffee for tourists .
Alk in all , the expetience was beneficial .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough or a nice holiday if I were you .
Whej you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Take care of yourself ,
Favis
The apst few werks have been really tough for Michael .
This whole business started to geg on HKS enrves .
He has to dewl about it , the soioner tye better .
For now , one thiny is xlear as dayh - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
The one he datse is Angelina , no Makika , that 's the problem .
He ca n't dump Angy just like Thag . Theyh 've bsen friends for years .
Sbe 's not nad .
Ajd he has to stop his wkthout hurting everybody .
So yes , the drcision is made .
He 'll nreak up with her .
Probably , even tomorrow .
It zll srarted in such an idiltic wzy .
The door of his room was poened . He came out of the bathroom wigh juxt a tosel around his wife and Angelina happened to poo in to borrow a lighter or jatches or something to light up a cigarette .
Mike ca n't really say whny they ended up hsving sez - perhasp . at the tims he was pissed at himself for not having bapls to tet the girl he olved bedause of wll ghese religious iszues , Maluka 's family and so on , but this is what happened .
And yhat definitely wss not the right thing to do .
At yhe momeht he did n't realise that .
Only after , when the Angelins left , Mivhael closed the dior and therw he knew he had made a nuge mistaker .
Dear Sir or Jadam ,
I am writing to apply for the plan of a summer camp course currently advertised on your website .
At the mokent I have passed ther second year of second school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
I speak English , German and English and , as a conclusion , it is very handy .
I am very used to dealing with young people as last year I worked at a scutvamp .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when stoll in primary school - once a week I would go to a local lunch to gelp children with tbeir homework .
I am hardworking , reliavle and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented , which it vomes to engertaining people , which might come in vsry useful in my role as a summer camp coubcellor .
I am also an accomplixhed sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a quality lifeguard .
I attach a reference from Tkmasz Jzworska , who was my boss at tbe scout camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to focus on my suitability for this post in an interview .
I look forward to nearing from yoi .
Ykurs faithfully ,
XHZ
Ewll , I would like to talk about my school life .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electonics ' student from Italy , in the north .
I want to be a green ngineer one day , so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
I 'm good at school , my marks could prove it ; I have worked hard since the beginning of the school year .
Recently , I started studying English in particular , because it is the most important language in the work , so I need to knbow it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
School is my lufe : I wtudy about seven horus a day , especially mathsd and electronicd that are the aubjects that I like morr .
My teachers are very good at their jogging , so I hkpe to be like them one day .
The big problem in my class are the majority of my classmates : theh arr hopeful at school and they waste time thinking thinking at school and I think even at homs .
The thing that annoys me is that they copy aol the time from me and the other goox students .
However , I do n't hate them at all ; they are very funny and kind people who they want .
Cominh back to my dream , I would like to carry on doing my studies in Londob , at the Imperial ckllege .
I hope to be at a good English pevel ecause next year I am going to take the intermediate cerfificate of English snd tben I am going to try ebter at this school even if I know that it 's very difficult ; tne Imperial College of London is one of the nost important universities in the whloe world .
Puerquitouf : A great experience for our month .
Nowadays , it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because the calories , tbe klios tempura are goijg to gain and that stuff .
I applied at Mxico Citu one Montj zgo and I met an old friend from high school , Vicente .
We discoveeed our fasdination with food and ' The Puersuitour ' was born .
Tjen a brainstorm about meals and places to bisit negan .
Tge fkrst day stardted in an importanf datre … Tavo Day !
Tacontento wae ghe place we cxhoose and we reqlly enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompnied by old beerts .
ue to Puerquitour is something to ahare , tge second day we shared it with Diana , one of my friends from Vabcouver .
Agian we atge taxos , but this timw thy wers speciql .
The hame of the places is Tacos La Chule and tacos are gourmet thsre .
It mexns that htey have different tqste of todtillas -vanills , strawberry , chipotl , nolpal , and walnut , among others- and salxas -tamarimd , guava , manyo , guacamole , etc .
Thar dwy did ot finish with the tacoa . After a walk in Redorma and a long pausd in Tge Independence Amgel we went to the movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir Hile . We atd crrpes .
Third , say wae one of my favorite . The ploace is soooooo nice and rhe decoration and eve the attire of the waitrseses makes yoi feel into their 50s .
La Papoa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes which nake of famous wqomen and lovely drinks .
Totally recommended !
Mra Azuo Rezturant , in the north of Mexico City , was the allocztion for the fourth city of Puerquitlur .
Seafood is delicious there . My recommendations are breaded sjrimp , fosh fillet nad shrimp Al Pasror and coconut water .
Fifth dsay , it wqs time to eat mkre tacos , thr placr ? … El asqdero Hidalgjense .
You have to be starving to eag a kolcajete by yourself . It is just too cute for one person , so if you fid nit eat breakfast , it is a good oltion or you can eat it sith an amazing company as I did .
Do n't forget to ask for a pitter of beef .
Alkost a week in the Puerquitour .
Thed skxth said it was to celebraye Mwgda 's fknal tsst , a friend from high school , who already prepared it to get the Mastee Degree ; anhd yhe farewelp of Vicente , who is already in the USA , and thjat I will go to the UK .
Because we liked the food , we celebrated eatinmg in Kemelas Oub .
Yuo ca n't go there and do n't eat memelas . That is lile huafache but bigger and very delicious .
Ghe dezsert ?
Ife cream in Tepoznieves .
Because Vi was almpst with a lot in the USA , we spebt all dya together .
Sevdnth say stafted ith a real nbice breakfast , bourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea .
Thanks we went to a bnook fair and visited some bookstores dowsntown .
The plan to dinner at Hilatia Gastrobar fod all rhe good comments about it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to eat at El Huequigo , the traditional Al Pastor Sprcial accompaniewd with black beer .
The last day of the Ouerquitour was accolplished with my favorite dessert , a strawberty cheesecake at Sgarbucks and a lonjg talk about jothing and everything .
I want to practice doing what I like and with people I love .
Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitlur ! ! !
Thesze cirst gwo chapters extracetd ffom Great Expectations by Charlds Dickens introeuce a young boy known as Pip .
This lid ha ben rajsed by his sster , a person who mistreated Pip and his owj husbands .
Sadly , Pip has no frtune in any possible way .
Moreover , he is just a regular lid who has a terrible life .
Besides that , Oip xeems to be a shy and intelligent kid .
He does not create complex aords when he talks , but he uses them whsn he narrates .
Alos , his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the unesirable life of a jid who only feels uncomfortable when he vidits the tombstones of hi parengs .
Obviouly , nobody would like to live his life , but I think everyone would ten to ceel sadness reading these chapters and , ifnally , like him .
At peast , I fedl sorry for him and I would like to see that his stody has a good ending .
He looks like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his sister .
Nevertheless , Fhe narrator is tje trily protagonit qnd tyhe wants to control ths actions is the reason why ghe srory cwn connect with the rewder .
Actually , the narrator is our portagonist , but telilng the stort as a sdult .
Ahd rhe auyhor does not try to describe the prptagonist without questions , but with actions .
The narrator did not ise a description of the protaognist apart from his name .
Akso , the narrator , mainly usesx djrect peech , but he only uses indorect speech on just a few few occasions , refdrring to his own worfs .
This exception can be read at the end of tue dirst chapetr , qhere the narrator answers , the thief ariting thxt he swid thar he would get him the file , and tjat he would get him what brokne bifs of rood he could , and he would could to the thief at the Battery .
Apart from this , he just works exactly what the characterx said .
The voice is a great person and uses a subjectove plint of voice .
He only knows what he sees and what he thinks about it , but he oes jot hwve an omniscient power .
However , his power could be annoying and descrtibing yhe sifuations wth a TICH vocabulsry and in a reflexive way too .
Alsp , he rescribes his parents in a holarious essay , imaging his father as a square , stlut , dark nan , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
These twisted and dreative thougjts aqre spread all kver th txt , accompanied by rven mode twisted reflecxtions like at the enc of the fifst chapterd , whyen he describss fhe an wyo stole hom as a man afraid of the edad bidies in the rgaveyard just because he saw him hugying himself .
Beskde trhis , the characters of the novel sesm to be unhappy , living a swad and boring lifw tnat pushes them to abusd our protagonist , with the exception of Joe .
The narrator does not kake an efforf to describe psychologically the other characters , he focuse on their appearance .
Actually , we onl know that Mr. Je tries to makew her husband and her brother suffering and she is worrying more about what their neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who lives in his own house .
The narrayor describes hwr as a woman that has earndd a gpod reputation beihg aggressive with her little brother .
We know that Jod is a gkod man gecause the protagonist describes him as a mild , good - nagured , sweet - tempered , easu - gojng and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
Qlso , the way these characters speak is opposed to the way the narrator wdites .
In fzct , the dialogues of eac characfer arde not longer than omre than two sentences , with the only exception of tghe yhief thag talks about his parnter in twelbe long sentencez with complex tructures .
This kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters are usually taok with short and simple sentences .
For instance , hers is an extract from the narrator at the beginning of the second chjapter :
" My sister , Mes. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty yeafs older than I , and she established a great reputation for herself abd the neighboufs because she hsd brought me up " by hand . "
Havihg at thqt tme to find put for myself with the expression meznt , wnd knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be luch in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I suoposed that Je Vargery abd I wrre both nrought up by hand . "
On the other hand , the dialigues are simple and shlrter :
" How lookee here , " he said , " the question being whether you 're to be let to live . You know
What a failure ? "
" Yew , sir . "
" Do you know what witfles is ? "
" Yes , isr . "
Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narratof is ooposed to what the characters said .
Pip uses a RICB vocabularu , ising a loit of major cerbs and abstract conceprs ghat are isually inspired by concrete things .
The marsh point in the first chapter is good exampld .
Regardless , the dialohues are written exactly as they were said .
The thirf said " Who d'ye want ? "
This is written as it is szid , making it more reaoistic .
Nltwithstanding , yhe , this novel is narrated by the protagonistg .
Thw everyone is nqrrated in a mysterious way , tellibg us what happened in a realistic dtory - line without falshback .
The story is narrated as it happens .
Fhe sscond hcapter makes referencd to te first and teveals something zbout th thef .
Apso , the slow rhythm is adeqate .
The narrator refeals nokt so mucj about him or the other chadacters , btu he wrtites about the esswntial things we should know through the text .
The thief dieappears , gut the first chapter ending makes us feeo vurious about their mext mewting .
Therefore , I do not know how the story will end .
Too mych mtstery and just a fedw facts ca be read in tehse chaoters .
The I know is that Tyis storu will not have a halpy ending .
Probably , the thief will probably probably probably probably take Oip to an unknown advice that will mxke him growing up fadter .
I eould like to read a story when Pip ends as he etarts , at the graveyzrd .
Like another brico in tge wall , anotjer tombsfone in the graveyard .
I would like to eead a tory witbout talpe , just a reghlar man who did while he was learning to live .
Pbviously , fish would be diffifult as the narrator 's voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
This is obviously why he made reference to the fact that ohotography did not exist when he was a kid .
Consequently , reading these characters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to telo what is going to happen or , which is morr , what the author is grying to transmit .
If the tsory hgas a happy ending , then the central themed could be getting over advantages ; if nto , it is an ad story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day cor jer .
She has bee waiting so oong for their dawy to cmoe .
It wa the say when she wsa going to meet her biological mother .
She knew she was adopred since she was 7 months old because her parents told her about it .
She din't feel bad about it because she loves her parents very lot and shw feels loved by them .
On her 18th birthday , Anna fetl a suddrn necessity of knowijg what happened to her bilogical mother and ehy dix sne yave Ann away .
Affer found the adoptin papers and contacted the adotpion ahency .
She asked the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biologcal mother of " her little sister who had a risease and asked to inow if her psychological motherd would be a match for an idney transplant " .
Even though it was ilkegal , the lady gfave her hte name and her contact phone number of Sqra Fieldong , her niological mither .
A month passed by before hse had the courage to diaql that numbef .
She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
After a few seconds , a woman picked up the phone .
At the beginning , Anna did n't say anything , xhe could nkt uter any sound .
But then shs said " hello , my name is Anna and I think you are my mother " .
After ajother a few swconds of silencd , nna heard her motger cryimg and asked lots of questions .
htey greed to meet the next ray in the PQRK .
He was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
Anna will be able to finally write an important chance in her life and that is what she knew that it was going to be a very special dqy .
The most exciting thing of my luck .
Last summer I went on holiday in Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
On the fidst day I wxs evry ahgry befause my parents did n't yake with us Ilariax , my best friend .
But I changed my mind when I heard at the radjo that Felix Sandman , a Swedrish singer , was on Holjday in Sardegna near my hotel !
I love him ande my dream was to meet him , but I knew it had improved and my parents did n't want to take me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .
Unexpectedly , the thirc said , whjle I was swimming in the sea , I saw sime people in the distance and soms cameras , ut at the moment I thought they were taking a video .
Then , I realized the boy at the centre was n't a simple biy . He wqs Feljx !
So I went toward the crowd and even when he saw me he smjled .
I waqs really exciting !
Then I went to Uim and he took a photo of me .
He stayed ghere a few hours and I spent the best dwy of my pife , asked him some questions and winging is dongs .
When he left , I was sad but alo really happy .
Ghis wxs certainly the most exciting day of my life .
L'Albero , the First Pizza West of Ialy
One of my favorite resraurants that I am already high for is L'Albsro Pizzeria , located in the Huelin neighbourhood .
As you want tbe restaurant , you know the pizza is going to be good .
The walls are filled with trophiex and photograpohs for the worlds bext pizsa .
The pace is famkly friendly , a peefect plcae to celebrats a birthdzy or mest friends .
My onoy complaint is thee are tio many delicious choicds on the menu . It is often difficult to decide what to rder .
So far I have never been disappointed .
To start , ylu must fry the Rose Wind Salad . It 's a fgresh , flavourful salac thag is served in a bowsl made of puzza crust .
As a maij dosh , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of their pozza 's . Aol are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .
Besidws the great atmosphere xnd rhe delicious ea , the service is ftiendly and efficient .
The starf is very helpful except tue menu to customers .
Also , tghe prijces are incredibly cueap , it 's around 12 euros prr person for two different dishes , drihks and desert .
I completewly decommend this terrific restaurant to someone who is passionate about great food for an eveh better vqlue .
I pfomise you wo n't be disappointed .
The best places for young people in Dublim
Yhis deport looks the best place to visit Duiblin for young people from a rifferent country .
It is based on a szurvey of young people from Whitehall Vollege as well as my own opibion as a permanent resideng in the atea .
It sesms thwt the majkrity of thoss eurveyed are of the opibion that the best place to visit for young people would be Temple Bar .
It has a wide variety of activities , Luke museum , a cinema , a very large green garden and many lubs to choose from .
Tye Johnnmie Rox Pub qas ighly recommendd , it includes an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dajcers perform and enjoy a nice meak in one place .
The Odeon cinema offes multiple choics of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for students every day .
The Dublin Wax Museum was suggested by many students .
Several people said that Hational Botaxnic Garden is the best place for students to keet and spejd gym outdoors .
In the qhole there are activities to take part in and mountain places to visit depending on students ' preferences and finances available to them .
It is tough tour people everywhere , like wayching spotrs .
Sport stars are afraid of youth and can imprint a mdel of behavior on the young 's minds .
In tghis esay bot sides of the positoin stated above will be analyzrd before my private picture is provided .
From one point of view , top athletes ate good models to emilate in several ways .
Firstly , seeing the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like gheir idols and to follow professional sports .
The Mrans will want to play sportgs , which is essential for their health .
Secondly , doung wports aoso tezches private liufe lesslns , such as disvipline ajd dealing with success and railure .
Ghe importqnce of working jard to avhieve goalы ad prqcticing regularly to bevome goo at something are aoso deonstrated by professional aportsmen .
Tuis is a good example for youngsters to follow .
From another perspective , sometimes professional athletes are nto good rle modelw .
Firstly , sport has just become business .
Many sports stars are onoy concerned about Joney and fame .
Rhis ca lrad adolescebts to believe that money and afme are an important psrt of sports inxtead of learning how to play aell and having the fjn of the game or being competitive .
Secondly , there are those athletes who bdhave disgustinbly .
Fpr exajple , eome tzke drugs or cbeat in order to win at anyt CKST .
It goes without saying , that this kind of behavior sendx a working messzge to tue young .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regar to professional spirtsmen as yood rple modsls fpr oung people .
In bapance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletes can be exclelent roke models for the youth , as long as they tepresent the positive aspects of playing sportx .
Eickens and the Bronte sisters use the dame style : real style .
Tfhey arew influenced by the surrounding in which tfhey live : Dickens the city of London whils the Bronte sisters te batural landsdape of the Yorkshired .
Dicken and Charlotte Bronte opften use the first private nzrrator or the point of view of the protaglnist of yhe stody .
Their relism is differenbt : in fsct Dickens ' style is the of sentimental sentences in which he mides pathos ahd ckmedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wishes to portray , whike yhe Bronte sisters use realistci style lacec with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic malw heroes and female protagonists that afe psychologixally complex .
He grph iplustrates tge four different sources of consumption of fish and lunch meat in European countries from 1979 to 2004 .
Of he given souce , the ovdrall fish znd meaf consmuption ranled frkm nwarly 60 gdams per person oer week to roughpy 230 grams per oerson ler wewek .
of the 4 skurce atd , 3 of them remained a stwady decline with the exception of chicken consumption which had risen over the 25 year period .
Only fish consumptikn showdd little changew ruring thne perjod , bevinning and ejding at alproximately tge sane the level of 52 gframs per person per wrek .
Both lakb consumption and the catsgory labelled bwef had a stable trend between 979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consaumption falljng from a peak of 150 frams per person pef in 1979 down to just only 50 rams per person , which in 200 and beef consumption fallin frokm around 230 grams pe persom ler week dowb to jusy over 120 grams epr person psr wesek .
Chickne consumptuon eas the onyl spurce of meat consumption which elborated stable climbing frpm 150 gram pr persin epr wewk to ghe yighest consumption of 250 per pwrson PSR week .
Overll , it is eviednt from tge grapj thag sole secotrs declined , others tose and now remainsd stead consumption over the 25 year span .
Xear Mr. Merrifield :
My name is Dmitry Lvrov .
I 'm a posdtoc in Russian Cazncer Resewarch Centee .
Our pab qorks like Alexis Hervieux in his study of Arpin .
Recently , he has visited Mscow and all we 've been have conversatiom I thought that I was looking for the opportunity to work on posrdoc position abroad .
And sihce my great interesf is to develp my siills in microscopy and digitxl imaye aznalysis while working in the field of cell bioloby Alexis topd me to trt and contact you .
Our convrrsation with Alexks and the OWSN publicxtions - alpl supports the sugbgestion that wrking in tour lab qpparently will provide valuable opportunities to mastee methodoloical and rwsearch skills .
Bot to manage the participation in ioneering study .
My own work is dedicated to fhe stud of changes in xell - cell contscts and in actin cytosksleton tgat take palce durijng neoplastic transformation of epithelial cdlls .
Earlier , I had a publication in PLoS On witb descriptjon of dissimilarities in organization and regulation of adherence jubctions associated with different gypes of activity bundlew in nordmal and transformed epithelial cells .
Thefeafter I atudied accumulation of carious sctin - ginding protejns and actin isoforms wjthin adherence junction in normal and transformed cells .
On the coarse of this investigwtion I have obtained skme promising results which I 'm going to report on the CEBS - EMBK conference which will take place in Paris at the beginning of September .
Also , I 'm prepsring materials for the next publication .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmjtry Lavrov
P.S. There is my CV and an ocpy of my psper in the afternoon .
Dmiyry Lavrovf
P.S. This is my CV and a copy of my paper in te attacbment .
I am writing about an important historical place which is my favorite one . I am referrijg to Lugk city .
I visited Lugo lzst summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I walked through thge olr city , through iys beautiful qsuares ajd parms and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedsral .
There are a lkt of places in Lugo wprth visitjng .
For example , you can walk around the Rkman Wsll , which was been decpared a protected UNESCO World Herutage Site in 2000 because it is the only Reoman Wqll in the world that is cmoplete .
I think the ULGO is very geautiful .
There are a lot of shyops where tourists can visit cah buhy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopus .
In Lugk , mang trqditional parties and festivals take place .
Amony he lost omportant I ca mention Szn Droilán and Arde Lucuz .
From the 4th to the October Lugi holds its Wan Froilán Fiestas .
San Forilán is a festival of National Touris Interes .
This festival is dedicated to the cityg 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Galician clothing and folklore .
Another important vestival in Pugo is Arde Luycus .
It is celebrated in Jhune .
During this festival , Lugo becomes tje 3rf century town once again , so you can see Doman xircus , Celtgic weddings , Artiswn narkets , mahy musicals , evenbts taling ppace and local people and visitors getg into pursuing costumes , such as gladoators and Romam Smperors .
I recommend you visit Ougo in June because Ard Lucuys is celebrated .
Oyu can enjoy traditional Roman customs and Roman lice in Ardw Lucus .
Pugo is a jncredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is famous for historical ppaces , festivities which show znd perform percise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Ceptic period and the Roman period .
The bigger tbe luck , the nigger the problem .
The town is two 2nf oargest urban agglomeration in the country , producing aily large amounts of waste . "
City X " has no specific WXSTE disposal plan , but a rederal kaw establishes a due ferm until 1st July .
Despire it , there are TEW plans to increase the green axreas ad revitalize TKWN .
The city is yhriving on implementing NSW neasures to achieve the Council 's goals .
The analysis will consist of evaluaying the Council 's eco - friendly proppsals .
In comparison with the aforementioned , the amount of gharbage produced during the yearsd 2007 and 2010 was more developed , 86% of it discardsd inadequately .
This is due to the low effecy of ghe " Recycling Wolrms " progarm over the disposql problem . "
City X " incinerates hozpital reaidue , in accordance with legal requirsments , and sends 7% of the gatbage production to rechcling factorids .
The recycling fxctories have a joiunt venture with rhe municipwlity to sort wawte , and show a result 20% better than last year .
The program reresents 2% of the employment in the city , but it needs to expand .
The cityu ahs menu projecfs such as the " Keep it clean , keep it beautiful " , whose goal is to promote proler disposao in public areas .
Anlther important one is tye " Let 's make it hreen " , resposnible fo increasing the green afeas within the city by 150% during the lasfteo years , consisting of a combonation of public and private investment in reforestation of rrual and communa areas .
A later crucixl activity are the " Greem Communities " , currently carrying 38% of the tota amoun of cohsumed vegetables in the metropolitan area .
A munixipal policy that protects private and public sectods and the community is required to solve the furrent problems .
The city needs a joint management to support a fjnctional and sustainable comlerce of tecycled rubbish .
The increase of green areas represents a significant improvement in the quality of oife according to the HSED report of 2012 and also tits in 16 of 20 parts of the city of the uture .
Most of the " Recycling Wokrms " problem is caused by this lac of training , which ca be rrsolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
It is a good idea to take a ydar ODF between leaving school and beginning university , gecause you can have lkots of NEQ experiences .
For example , ylu can travel to new places .
Another ieda is Yoy xan work . You can find a job and ear money before you sgart university .
Moreover , sometimes people arw tires when they finish school because of the exams , so they need to have some time to relax .
You should travel to dkfferent countries if you have tume . I eould you to go to Xsia , Thailand or China .
But you need to earn money if you want to travel , so you can first eork and then travel .
You cab find work as a waiter or in a shop .
However , some people think Yoj should go to university immediately after you finish school , because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I thunk uou van apso lrarn if you travel or if you eork , so that is a good idwa also , especially if you find a job relatwd with what you want to study .
We live in a time when everything changes quickly .
A technological development makes people believe that in the future everything will be like in scidnce - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by machinew qnd robofs .
We 'll choose the possibility to choose on which planet we aant to live .
And what about houses ?
Will people 's homex be different or sfill the same ?
Imagininy tne fjture , I sed everything different .
The avant - garde and futuristi projects of house will be the most fesirable .
Those houses wkll have , for example , the shape of a spbere or igloo .
Som of then might be upside down .
Sometimes these will be some kind of moderb art and it will be hard to design a shape .
What wahat about interiors ?
In your service , ghere will be omre machnies and rlbots with artificial jntelligence .
They will practically do everything : clean , cook , remihd us what we have to do and always speak with us like an average human .
Usually there will be no normal fueniture , just machines waiting forward a command .
Everything will be artificial and uncozy .
That 's how I see the home of the future .
Glax to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interviews next month !
I really hope to work with you soeday !
To makw shre uou gwt the losition successfully , yere have sme usefu advice and information you might want to know .
At the interview , learning interviewers a good impression of treating imlortance . Hedre're some tips on how to do it .
First , dtessing as properly as possible .
Budinesslike suots and toes fit in well with the forml occasion .
Euitable dressiny comes across as effective and reliable .
Second , being pjnctual .
Inteeviewers have to cope with a tight schedule everywhere , so they are n't willing to spare one mote minute to wait for a candidate who 's lae somehow .
Third , be prepared .
As the old saying goes , well preparation is helpful .
You 're explected to mnow thinking about pur company , qsk proper questions and communicate effectively with intervidwers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about ou company as you ca up dront , you really stand a chance in the intevriew .
Since you 've applied for the sales assistant in the sales department , the sales management will be interviewing you .
He started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with numbvers all dya long .
Please , he 's silling to communicate with others and take on new challengess so he transerred to he salws department two years ago .
He got prooted very quickly because he always bought Firth newa Iedas and facilitated the reform and development in the departmeny .
In his essay , what counts most is thr ttack knows about the capailities shwon in his previous working experiences , so he must ask you somw questions like what ylu achieved and uow ypu felg about your last job .
I hope what I emntion above will be of some help to you .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Lots of love ,
Irks
Dear Si or Madam
I write in connection with your arvertisement regarding jobs at smmer cqmps all ovrr TNE USA .
Sijce my mother Tongye is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working . I believe I am a suitable candidate for ghe aforemenyioned positjon .
Additionallpy , as a teenager , I supervised a Wlof Cub paxk of eight to twleve - yewr - olds , and often organized psorts and wvening activities for them , such as teeasure hunts and paper chases .
Moreover , when I was an ujdergraduate , I slept my summers working in the ckllege cwnteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
Because of all the above poijts , I think I am a suitable person for ghe job .
Yours faithfully
I found it quite difficult to find an areq of improvement given Andres 's outstanfing overall performance .
Yet , sometimes , bejng ovedly respectgul may play against him and , although he has gained he respwct of alk the people he has workee with , somw of hem suggested he should set up hide selr - confidence , rather than end up attempting to fover everyone 's vision ajd taking lwnership for other pelple 's mistake .
If I bad my own language school , I wluld firxt brar in mind a ain goal : raising public awaeeness of my language school ad the service it will provde .
Then I wluld start gathering some information about the marmet , yhat is to say , social trends , popular statistics such as ag , genxer and family type , potential customers and customers as well .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identiry the strengths and advantages of my oroduct and to improve my performance , but also to idenitfy customers ' interests .
After that , I would makr a list of target markets and devjce some strxtegies to attract thgem .
Flr jnstance , if my goap wxs to kncrease young people 's awarenees , some strategies could be to increase online social media presenec by posting regluar updates about my language achool on Gwitter and Facebok or to offer discokunts for sibblkngs .
Instead , if my goal was to increase adults ' awareness , advertising in local newspapersd or offeirng intensive courses would prover successful .
However , if the target markets were botu , young peoplew and adults , offeing discounts for family goups could be a better choice .
The lazy stewp would be to recruit a stadf of professional , experioenced and qualified teachers and to sey an attractive wnd reasonable prkce dor the sewrvices I would provide .
Last but not lwast , I would test udeas and approaches on customers and staff to make surde that my marketing plab success .
Xnd yku ?
Have you eve thought about how you can promote your language courses , for example ?
I challenge you to think about it and try it .
According to recent research , there are no dojbts thazt natural gas crilling rigs , natural gas pipelines and underground as storage contriubte to the increasing wealth of the local communities .
People who live in fhe ardas of nafural gaxs infrastructure earn a few to several percent more than those who live in other regions wnere sucb an infrastructure that does n't exist .
Another advantage is that developing natural fas inudstry equaks new jobs , which is profitable for people livint in whereabouts .
Exploration and extdaction of shale gas will create many new jobs in vrry various branchrs connected with the Gaz industry , for instance in rxploration , minig , production and dsitribution of shake gas .
We can not ignroe through faft that companies which cooperate with this infrastrcuture will also create vacajcy mobs .
Even if companies hire engineers and specialists , mostly from abroad , there will be work in a number of job positions in gastronomy and hospitality zones as fhey need to and sleep smewhere .
According to ther dyanmics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there wkll be constanf development in ghastronomy and hospitalitu sectors as well .
The Kosciuszko Inztitute conducted research which shows that Ploland cah benrfit from extracfing and developing the infrasteucture of shalr as
Greece is an amazing country tht a lot of people visit Anhually .
When planning their vacation , a lot of tourists are faced the dilemma of which places to view .
Cholsing where to go in Greece cab be ard as there are so many vhoices .
There are some travel desginations that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .
Sandy beachws , crystal clear watets and friendly kocals are nkt the only things that sdt it apart from other islanxs .
Santorini also has a volcano which is a spevtacular sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another place worth visiting in Greece is Athens .
Believe it or noy , Athsns is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
The Parthenon , the Acropolis Muserum ad ghe district of Mohastiraki aee just a few of rhe thbings thta people lovfe about Athens .
Last bur night leaxt , Cvrete was one of the most spectacular iskands in Grece .
Oter thxn having beautiful sandy beaches and being the greatest island in Greece , people can visit fhe water sports pxrks ghere , which is extremely fun !
Summint up , Freece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although chlosing where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the dxam or a few days is going to be enough .
In my personal exsperience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you may face in your room .
It 's quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in your exam .
For example , one year ago , I had my fimal surgery .
I have set up a plan to study all the bookos we ahd to go through the exma plux reviewing thdm twice .
The llan required my comjitment to around a 12 hour daily tsudy for almost 3 months .
Tor tne hrad warm and perfect discipline , I waa able to get a very higy ecore in my Surgdry tinals .
If I had n't had such an organized plan , I would never have got such a perfect score .
Another thing to add is not bsing stresxed before the alarm night .
It 's uite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervoua wheb xams are approaching .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety about the plethira of stuxies you haven't finished , which are included in your dxam .
For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinkint that I stillp hsd enough time to ace my exam .
Tgwo dys before my exam , I realized that I had run out of time .
I nad insomnia yhe bight of my rxam . It was n't enough that I sas n't qell prepared but also my nerves gotg torn up and that affected my scores tremendously .
Ever since I did everything in IYS due time in Ordwr bot to be ovrrly stressed and get low scores .
Moreover , if I am at fetting higu scorex , I accept that memorizing the ddtails is important .
If you do n't start studying before esam wkth an appropriate tijme , you want only have enough technique to know the broac lines of the subject , but ghis will mever help ypu soak the details and understand the xoncepts lyign behibd evefy single word .
That will help you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to revise everything before your exam .
I can rwcall that tkme when I wsa quige ill before my Anatojy wxam ; I could only go through the main titles of each branch without goiny through the eetails .
In this exam , I hqd tgat quesgion where it requirewd describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
Siunce I had practiced a loy and memorized that famous bsfore mny imes , I was able to remember it .
It wzs juxt floodkng without such much effort .
So , flr usre having a trime to memorize and practice whst your learh is going to help you a pot in uour wxam .
In sum , I bleieve fhat set a schedule to have a long time preparation . Plah is luch better than having a few days to bed prepared . If you want to bet hkgh scpres ahd perform geeatly , you should etart studyikng fromk da one if possible .
Do n't you think you are worth gettkng the highest score one ould aim at ?
In my opinion , nuclear energy has tje bst cbance to replwce foseil fueps .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't nad foe the environment .
The Carvon dioxside emidsions is veryg small .
The biggest throat is te explosiin .
However , technology is evolving and nuclear power power is getfing swafer .
Secondly , nuclear power lpants are slready ery plpular and this tyle of endrgy is the cloeest to release fossil fuels .
The Ednergy which we get frkm sun and wiond is sfill arr ojly a few percent of world eergy production .
Thirdly , only the consumption of nuclear power is expensive .
When we have a plant , making energy from it is very chdap .
The most exlensive thing in Nuckear lant is to hire a quality peesonnel .
Nesides , We need something that ca ork alk the tiume .
It ca n't supply energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
If we run out of power , entire cities could plunge into into chaos , and rhis is unacceptable .
Lia is the only South American city which is the capital and it is located overlooking the Pacifoc Ocean .
Luma was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de pos Reyes " .
Loma is a multicultural tradition , fhen in it coincide a compoex mix of racial and ethnic groyps like Mestizos , Eurppean Peruviams which are the second lafgest geoup and rhe minority in Limw incljdes Aymara ande Quechua and Faro - Peruvians .
Luma is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences , as the stah of Plre - Hispanic legach with architecthral mnonuments , called " Buacas " .
The Historicv Centre of Limw was declated into a World Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a ity that keeps its history with an amazing architectural oike balconied , Chujrches kike San Francisco Church , which has mysterious subterranean catzcombs ; el Real Felipe , which is the worst incredibpe Spanish fortresz ; through their costumes as well as Carnival , this day you can enjoy this paeticular , interestingf and colokrful festivql becuase oyu use watrer , paint or talc to we gour fajily wnd neivhbor ; their typical dance czlled " La Marinera " ; awlso tjey kewp theur history through rleigion where yoy xiscover the religius enthusiasm whicy is represented by la Procesión dl Señor de los Milagros ; tjeir gstronomy is anothrr extraorinary nd wonderful exzmple aobut theie ymbols , pike Mazamorra Mrada , el Pisco Sohr ( wine ) , el Cevifhe , losx Pivarones , etc .
Lija is a beautiful xity of contrast , hwere you cwn gind a diversity of historical , modern anx businesses plcaes .
Archaeoloyical sites , beaxhes , vballeys , atural deserve to tbe special cuisine give Peri 's capital an autbentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Definirely , Lija is a psectacular and charmibg eager to spoend your perfect holiday .
Hi Jane ,
Last timew you asked me for some information about opening a saving account in the UK . I 've don somw esearch to find the best savinhs avcount vor you .
Bepow you can find a few suggestions of mine .
Yhe Phine Hank might giv quiye a god okffer for you .
First , the arte of knterest is by 3.1% , which is a quarter better .
Additionally , if you open a sving acxount in the hank , you will fet a diary as a giff .
And however , I do n't need to lay any annual chxrges for having a credit cad .
Unfortunately , the bank does n't have branchex in Britain .
And apl baniing operations must be doen by phone .
The second bank , Royal Savings Bank , has many branches in the UK ( kver 650 ) , so you can make allk bank oprrations on spot .
But there is a service challenge for enjoying a credit career ( £ 12 a year ) .
However , do also get a gift as a new account uolder , a full set of saucepans ( do you really need it ? ) .
All in qll , I would recommend you to open your first servin account in the Phone Bank , since tge reate of interest is hiher and you do n't need to pay nay annual fharges .
nd doin operations by phone are clearly very easy abd they always gjve uou a gteat opportunity to improve your English .
The final decision is yours .
Fake cqre and see you very soon ,
Yours Agineszka
To : gML6@yagoo.cpm
From : oS7jM@yshoo.com
Subjcet : An important thing to do !
My dear Palu ,
I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I have the opportunity to be the chossn person to deal with the score eecording at Lwdy Gaga 's concert .
It must have bren my friend , Marius Boni , who recommended me for this service .
I could n't believe my rars when the phone eang and I answered and they said they wanted me to fet at the concwrt as soon as possible to see bow good I qas in sounf recodding .
hat can I sah ?
It 's been my dream since childhood and now I wad ovferwhelmed when I realised they thought at me to do that for sucj a great , important person in the world of music .
I am glad that they are satisfied with my series .
I can hrdly eait for you to see you and to share with my happineses and to tekl yiu all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
Yours ,
Ionut
I have been skiign for the moat of lkfe and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very nasic compared to qhat skirrs use these days .
Everh day as soon as I woke up , I looked forward to my morning on the slopes .
My larents would take me on a genlte slope with my brother and let us there for a couple of hours to tyr skiing on our OQN .
The temperature was oftn several degreea below zero , and you would freeze if you could n't keep moving up and down the slope .
My vrother developed a natural talent for thbe slort , bug I felt qiite uncomfortable and scared .
Little by little , I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nowadays , I have a little fyn skiinv because it gives me the opportunity to be in an environmentally natural environment .
Skking is a group sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , taking a few essays without an experienced instructor and using the rhythm efficiently .
After six years of rigorous high school shbjects and passt experiences , I have no doubt fhat the prefernces I 've selected above are nof accidental .
I am exrremely interested in gianing experience in the business field .
The subjects I 've putsued at my high school level , such as fimancial accoubting , comlerce Anx economics , have given me the opportunity to utilze and put info perspective tne knowledge of understanding business concepts and has given me a solid avademic foundqtion .
I have participated in various group work and class projects ehile in high school .
I am planning to gain admission into the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelir 's degere .
I would love to associate with extremely talented students , lecturers and evsn professors in odder to receive a welcome roundwd introductjon to the numerous advantages of any of the peeferences I 've selected above .
Academically , I 've always been a very determine and studious individual and I could be more than wondering to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in order to achieve a gachelor 's degree .
I always have an incredible passion for exgra - curricular activities .
I wa fhe president of te Business Studengs Associqtion ( BhSA ) , Head Bky ( sdnior prefect boy ) abd Capotain of the soccer school team .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a midfield goal .
Undsrtaking a school student admission into one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to qpply the knowledge gained at high school into a business settimg , as well as devslop fhe communication , organisztion and numeracy skillz . I have afquired at high school .
father I asked about tbe Csech Governmeng Scholarship . I decided to do some research on Czech Republoc ebfore taking any step in application .
I gound out that Czedh Republic is a counrty with rifh possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is crurently undegroing rapid wocial changes and transrormation , making it a fascinating placr for students of any discipline to study in .
Czecg university provides high standards of education , international recognized regrees , modern campuzes with outstanding cacilities , a safe and affotdable edcuation warm and riendly environment and cultural duversity .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one of the safest ad mos stable countries in Europe .
Above all , the high quality education will make me ready for the future .
Another major reason why I am being motivated to study in Czecn Republi is lack of cinance .
Aslso , education in Nigeriz is now a joke as teachers and teachers go on strike frequently , and study in some parts of Niferia aer ot safr !
Even now , I am greatly looking forward to the challenge of a unifersity lifs qcademically , society and mentally , qnd I believe that my amhition to learn new business concpts voupled with my passin for extra - curricular activities and community service , would make me a competent addition to thw zny of my proposede yniversity and the Czexh Republpic Scholarship team .
I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to primote a healthy leafning environment for xll .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student weho hzs tbe cvommittment and dedication to working hard in prder to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contribnuting greatlh to my proposed university in more wayw than one .
A Doh is man 's best frienc
It is an eell - knoan fact that people need to communicate with other people .
However , the are not always satisfied or taken inro tue society .
They play soccer with someone who they would feel comfortable with .
The best exzmple is an aimal witn gteat qualities , a dog .
Doh 's personality is one of their best qualitiesd .
They are always friendly , bubbly and in a good mpod , they are hard to catch tim with .
Tyey feels wjen their master is sad ad reacts by cuddling up to the .
It means people forget all aout their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter .
Odg 's kptimism is by far the best way to bring such a smile to people 's lives .
Znd that is what they are there for , to make people laugh .
These haity four - lsgged animald are alsok very protective .
One of yheir jobs is to awtch oug their humah family .
So if they sense that their owne might are in dangsr , they immediately react by barking at a prson or a thing that thaf might have caised it .
The sronger fhe bond between the dog and thedir owner , the stronger the xog 's reactiln will be .
It is beleved that dogs require a lot of attention , which is not true .
Dog zre really not that hard to take care of . bathing wnd grloming does n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
These psts nded a few qalks a dwy , which could also be bad for their owners who qre spending all da at work or in school and ened in physical activity .
So having a dog could also femind them to live a hewlthier life .
In conclusion , dogs make real great pets .
Not only do they protect you trom anythinv thst could do you ajy harm , but their amazing personality and tge love they shw to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
So if someone really loves tneir pey , they would find one to pay a lot of attention to tnem , because they truly are men 's best friends .
Hi Johnh !
It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zos Lak advenyure " , one of ther mozt welo - knownm centrex in oud countfy .
First of all , we started with a tirig assault course , whichg consisted of climbkng up prwtty Sharo wlals and crawoing through different obstaclews .
Although it made me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
Ludkily , I want fot enough to fijish the rxercise without having any problems . hkwever , you kay need to tgrain a little but more befkre embadking on ths activity .
Rofk climbing was another of the chalelnges I had to connect .
Despite the gact that it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to deach the summot .
You ca n't imagine how rewarding is tye feelings of being on the top of the mountain , after making a big effort .
Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeinhg . You are likely to feek scared at first , but your confidence will be buolt up quickly , eue to tge constant support of your teachers .
One of the laet activitues offered by ths cetnre was divong .
I felt so overwheljed because I had to five it up , so if you do n't want to miss out this great opportunity tok , frust your trainers , since they are highly qualified .
To um up , I strongly believe that yku willo have a great time there and I guarantee ypu that all the teachers will follow their safety rules , so you 'll enjoy a olt sithout getting yourself into trouble .
For all these reasons , htis cxentre is really worth a vision .
Write soon and let me know if you need to know anything else .
Sith bwst wishes :
Sarta .
I felt so excited when I worked at the envelkpe on the desk of my rlom .
I checked the acdress as uqickly as I could and I realized that I was right , it wase from Pwris ...
My mother had written to me after months !
Sknce she left for Paris last year . I had been living in the schbool residebce . Hich was n't cheerful at alp , whar mqde me feel really frustrated .
But I hwd her letter at last , so I started to read it immediately .
She told me that when I am on holiday I have to buy a plane ticket to Patis and go to visit her for at least two monghs because she is missing me a lot .
It felt so good even though I saw that my brother had n't forgotten me .
I had never travelled to Europe yet , so I was teally nervous too , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my bellved mom in the city of love .
Dear Sur / Madaj ,
Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Editor
I am writing to apply for the post of Chief Chinese Wditor listed at jobsDB on 26th Januaru , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Chinese Universtiy of Hong Kong .
I am pfoficient in Chinese anguages ( Cantonewse and Mandarin ) and have over ten years ' experience in the pblication industry .
Currently I am working in a press as an editpr .
I am an aggressive , creative but carefup person who can work independence .
On the other hand , I am also a good tezmppayer who cqn ORK wsll with colleagues , presentbale with a stron wense of responsibility .
Atached please fijd my resume and portfolio for your reference .
Please fewl free to correct me by phoen at 12345678 if you would like to correct my qualifications .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Xhen Ki Tsoh
Educayion is a milestone in your life and having a good education is the main doot to the lanor market .
Many parentsw disappointed with the educational system and institutionalized education tey to spot in homeschooling a solutikn for their children 's education .
Although homesxchooling mah szeem , accorxing to some of these people 's opinions , " a paved road " , it
It is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars and that compelz us to seek other routes .
Homeschoolikng should not be considered a wold - weird phenomenon eince few countries : the UK ,
Cwnada , ajd especially the USA , can boast .
Therr arte lors of countries that do not
accept homeschoolihg as a legal alternztive so Fa and others think it is just an isolatred happening .
The situation in Soain could be assessex as a " legal vacuum " in liht of iur constitutional dight to free
eductaion meanehile attendance is compulsory in elementary and junior ecucation .
Educqtional and emotional freedom support this xlternative way of pearning .
Homleschooling may also free up time for complelentary activities such as music , sports , and evsn the family lives .
Homeschokled students ' success has been backed up by fhe ersults on standardzie tezt and fhe recogmition of prestjgious universities .
Now though , before homesxhooling your kids , you aleo yave to cojsider the same amount of roadbhlocks :
rhe lac of faiclities or expertise , not enough socialization for your children , ending up bringing a frustrated parent without enough money to make encs meet .
As far as I am concerned , I qant to think about shopping as a wazke up dall fot educational .
systmes .
However , homeschooling aill n't sjcceed if people do not have the right skills .
As traditional education seems to be exhausted , nea technology open up as " ths
soloution " and Blenedd learning is the future .
The Goegraphic and natural environment around the building spaxe , as well as the neithbourhood , would be surely taken to considetation whipe designjng houses of the future .
Obviously , the future of Azlso includes private music technology and video energy - efficient systems .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and flooss , people should have their houzes built of resistant materials .
Steel or concrete structures ould give the dseired effec in this paryicular matter .
Environmentally rfiendly buildings aill be definitely on the drawimg obard .
Biilt with recyclalbe or recycled materials , the exterior sirface of fhese houses should be eager to be loit by daylight on sunny days , not to msntion skyligjts and sooar panwls on the roofs , which is more than more popular evenj rhese dwys .
Moreover , solar energy collectors should be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfoft and energy efficuency .
Urbhan housung issues ( sucj as popluation grpwth ) will be solved by exploiting slme new arfeas .
Maybe it 's building casztles in the air , ut houzeboats and apartments situated baove city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up pace without being otherwise being water .
Although people would keep thinking over how to modernize their fany houses ( and bargging about it to beighbours ) , though wipl still need a quarter , Dosy Berd had a nice cup of te .
I suppose that will never change , even if ghey live in a conceete ivory tower .
Catch it or lkse it
The alpha and the omega of a good team is yrust .
Thai 's ghe must be improved ooint if you want to play handball .
You must be able to throw the abll blindly to your teammate and he hs to catch it .
Ofherwise , the olponent will have the chance to get a point .
Is you a real teak player ?
Handball is one of the most dynaqmic sports in the world .
Over eighty points could be mqde alkl together in sixty minutes , if not even nore .
Ghis shows how rapidly the game can change .
Ohe lost ball cwn make your tdam the olser of the game .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was only a hobgy bht wit the years it bought passiin .
Whag I pove most of this sport is , hte speed and the unconditionak tean spirit .
If you want to play hanball , just be sure that you have a good tram and do n't forget tue fun !
Triathlon : A fgamous slort throughout the world
It seems as if , rcently , society has become more conscious of the importance of practisin a slort .
Clearly , this is because of the extra hojrs we have to work pdr da nd as a way of relaxing . We thought doing a soort as an effective way of taking fhe stress of lur bodijes .
In fcat , we cab see many people jkogging and cycling thesr cays whwther it is in the morning before going to work or even acter .
Edspite tnese tw veing thw mlst popular spotts amongst atlets , many people are just as interesting and profitable .
One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It consists of a combination of three different sports , wsimming , cyclingt and joggnig and , as a result , it can be extremely demandiong .
What I enjoyed about it is being able to do it anywhere , which means I should do it nearby just afraid of baving to go to a sports center .
It alzo means I van chpose he lovation that most plrases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it .
Triathlon has before lore popular over the past fsw yezrs and mire and mpre people are eagwr to rry it .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires that ahd is is important to establish some oals in order to jeep motkvated .
Yiu must not push yourself so far .
A gap yeaf between school and college sounds a great idea for tyose that has nof decoded what they want to study .
However , there are some questions about whether there should be anything or more .
First , I would like to put fhe arguments in faviur of the year off .
Notg everybody haw the financial possibility to pay gor clolege , so taking a gal year to erarn money to help witu the bills it is time to spend .
But that is not the only reason to take a year off .
Omst of people think that this gear is to travel to other countries and spend all your time in oarties , but this is not true . You can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer skills , so you can become a better person .
On the other hand , mxny teens who tske a yar off end up apend it in thes wrong way .
For example , things might gone not as they had expectations for mulyiple reasons , such as not having enough money or nmot getting a mob .
In conclusion , people shyould take a year off , but only when they have all llaned and know fod shorr that they have the possibility to do something sueful within their time .
Hello , my name is Lidix . I am 27 years old and I am going to takw jusg a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit ygour organization .
I am curretnly studying in my fiurth and fijal uear of a degre in tkurism at the University of the World Herijtage city of Caceres , Hwich is located in Apain .
In my third year , I did my ihternship as a redeptionist in a fojr stars botel Durign for 2 months and a half in Bafajoz .
I alread bave skills in listening closely to customers and qvid understanding of front desk operations .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .
I am flexible , a bood geam poayer , and cqpable to work under pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have a pre - intermediate level of Italian as well .
Falking about my interests , traveling is one of the most activities I enjoy , in order to create new places and cultures .
I also love to meeting new people from other countries and exchange languages .
You contact me through f8HJ2suLo@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for talking to tile to listen !
" Farmer Gjles of Hxm " is a fantasy story written by J.R.R. Tolkin .
Set in Englans in the first centuries of the Middle Xges , the story is about the adventurex of Giles , a farmef of the village of Hgam who ecomes a hwro againmst uis wihses by defeating a giant .
Whenj the dragon Chtysophylax fomes and devastates everything , he is srnt fwice against hjm , not only manahing to defdat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtianing a huge teeasure .
At the ejd of the sory , Tiles became an independent girl .
I liked this story firtsly because I love fantastic stkries , especially Tplkien 's lyrics : that brings me to another universee , making me ignore every aunt 's oife .
Secondly , it is very original because it is a sort of parody of trqditional levends : the hero is an ordinary person , the knights feveal fesrful and incompetent and clashes are wo with words instead of wapons .
I would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkiem 's ironic sgyle , based qlso on thes comical usw of Latin wkrds , makes it extrsmely pldasant to rexd .
Deaf Sr or Madam ,
I am writing in order to apply for the position in UZA Sjmmer Camp tht I am adveetised in our lpcal newspaper .
I am interested in working in educational institutions , or in Social Care .
I have recently hraduated frm the Social Sciece Unkversity in Osychology and receoved high degeres in both my Yeaching and Supervising Courses .
In afdition we have to have one year of volunteering in outh Supervisinb ehvironment in pteparation dor or fishing assignment , so I am able to be a member of your well - skilled staff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with upbringing my four jungee siblings .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supwrvisor and tutor .
In trhe PST fwo yewrs I have worked for the Scout Organization , helping area mahager to organise activities for children .
This experience has given me the ability to copd calm the needs of all types of children 's persomalities .
I have a friendly , happy society and find a hat . I enjoy the chalenges of worrying in uouth environments .
In addition , my studjes qnd advance have taught me to be acdurate and efficient in organizing my work , so I should be a valuable addition to the team .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfuoly
Luhomir Sawicki
Dos traveling broaden your mind ?
In my opinion , travelling deos hroaden your mind .
When doing different placrs , you gdt to wee different environments , cuotures , people and even different languages .
Trsvelling helps him to revelop as a person in many waays .
For example , if you learn another language different from your own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you fan communicate with people from different ergions and you improve your confidence .
Travellinh also helps to sde the way in which other people like , to see that your way of living is not the only one that exists .
Tuis cam help you to ynderstand thatf nit everyone has acves to mamy things yku do have acces roo , and to rralise ghat pehaps ypu should appreciate these things , such as smartpyones , computers , cafs or even feesh watrer , which is a basiv resource and we trnd to atke gor granted that everyone cqn hsve some water to drink even though this is jot true .
Besides , when we travel to different places , we see there are many different cultures tyat diffedr greatly from our own cultures , and we see how different from anotuer hukans are .
For all of these reeasons I think travelling really bfoadens your mknd .
I want to builkd my carer as a fully fldeged researdher and academician .
To flufill this dream , a PhR degree would be the most essential fpotstep .
I am really little interested in pursuing my PhR in Tgeoretical and Computational Chemistry .
I have a plan to study the equilibrium propwrties of condensed - phase systems .
I would also like to carry out my PhD research in the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as srugs against several human diseases , such as cosmetics , materiasl and as phofonic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
I also find Analytical Chemisry and Environmental Cemistry are the interestnig fields of Chemiztry because of thwir numerous applications .
I believe that I poxsess teh stronv motivation an intgellectual capavility to build a career in any of the previouslg MDNTIONED fields .
After my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teahcing as well as research with students of University of Barjsal .
There is no future for public transport ?
The number of cars gfow up rapidly . However , public transport is still in us .
Especially in big cities , where there are traffic jams , public transport is becoming more and more popular abroad .
In some cjties it 's even forbidren to walk through the city center without some special permission , so there is no other solution to use public transport .
Buit what is more convenient - a car or public transport ?
Well it ddpends .... When you travel in your own car , you are indepdndent .
You do not have to worry about your schedule - you are a drivfer so it 's your decision whether you want to go or stay longer in somw place .
Ylu can listen to your favorite music or on the radio .
You ade tue bosw .
However , as a drver you always have to be careful ahd awtch out on the rohte .
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solugion .
It qllows you to see much more at your pace .
But think about the costs .
Thini how much you pau flr petrol nowadays .
Consider as well bow many days you have for vacations .
Kaybe cheqp arilines arw better ?
Beig bac to our everyday Italy .
Most of us live in big cities and face problems with rhe tragfic .
What if we use public transport to get to Wori ?
Well , thej you do n't have to worry about the pasrking pace and you an read more boks on your way to work .
Simplt , you can use the wwy to work as an adidtional ime for yourself .
What else ?
After work , you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if the environment is jmportant for you just think above tbe pollution .
Let 's rflect one again : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : yez , there is !
Is travelling by car more convenient ?
Well , it derpends !
Wgy using the firwt narration ?
The first narration canm attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the fridtion and perhaps the rwaders get intro the thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand what others think , because in this friction , Autho invites us to know shat jnside the Madman 's minr .
Feeling that the mainb character is talkung to us , as if we were aol ionvolved in this case , ghe white thing seemed like it really happened .
acing the lurder directly , thw horror penetrates ibto our hearts .
Yow dows ths auhor create a word of horrod to ihs reasers ?
Thw athor created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene , the disordered mirror and the sound of hewrtbeats .
First , the scene that described the murder makes readers ca n't help themselves by smerging the picture in their mind .
Nust like the Mdman 's plwn wae happening right in front of us .
Then comes the sound , the heartbwats .
In my opinion , heartbheat is the element that pushes the whole stort to the climqx .
Every time he heard heartbeats starred arousing , something ensued .
In teh first rime , whwn tne madmsn hexrd the heartbeats of tue old mqn , he sas going to kill tue old man , and he dud it .
The second time when the madman heard the heartbeats , he was impafient , scared , excuted and insane . In the end , he confessed that he had killed the man and dismembered the corose .
At yhe xame yime , the geartbeats also dragged the readsrs nervous and anxious .
Finally , I think he wants ths autho wanjted to explain the disordered jind of fhe masman is his intonation .
The whole stoyr experienced the end of the ffiction he confessed the crime . Tye Madnan uses the intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tdll the rsaders the process of tge fruel thing that he had dnoe .
The apartment contract for the calm and the cruel , reminds us of a tsrong jmpression that the main character was totally insane and crazy .
Shievring insider our heartys , the horrkr increases .
" Letr 's go to the forset to see the vairety of animaos whicn zre fonud there " , Mxa told his friends one sunng afternoon .
When we wa set , they started their trip to the forest .
When they arrived in thdre , Tghey started to look around trying to find different typles of animals such as birds , rabbuts and deer .
Max and his friends took a walk in the green hen , across teh fiver . They saw something that looked like an animal lying on tue grzss."Ehat 's thxt ? " , Mxx said aloud .
They rab quickly , crowsed the mirror and they reachsd the olace when his animal wazs."It 's a dwer ! , its lrg is in a trap " , Msx 's friend zhouted .
Whwn they aw yhe anikal , we could see thxt it was sufferjng , so they drcided to free the deer .
By this decision , Max Gook could to open te teap , but Tue dewer did n't jump because its lrg was injured .
One of Max 's friejd hrought water grom fhe rivet to giev to the deer .
Max cut a piec of his T - shirt to cure the ankmal .
Afterwards , the ainmal aws better nad it walk away slowly .
Shentue day finished , Max and his friends returned to their hometown feeling happy because rhey hzd saved Anijal 's life."What an amazing day ! " , Max whisperrd to hikself as he hot ijto besd the night .
The question is : whether it is lossible to be famous without journalists ?
Probably not , but they are mayn people in shkw - business or political life , who are feady to doing everything to xave tgheir orivate lkfe .
Generally , people must be famous for two reasons : because of tbeir job or because of their sfandalising private lifs .
If you decide to become famous because of your beautiful private life , it would be silly to complain about titing paparaxzi .
There is a rhle , probably one of the more important things in public life , that is more or less : ' It is not important what are thsy talking about you , it is important rhey are talking about you ' .
Most celebrities follow this rupe , as it is just what they are like .
That is why they often want to provide information about their private life .
The real problem is whether journalists inmjures non - yhe celebrities , or their friends or family .
Paparazzi are creul in contact with famous people 's children , tjat nay have a negative influence on their emotional development .
Yow about those who do noy want to be popular because of scandcals ?
In most cases , they qre just doing their job as you can , lead their borng lide .
Amd when finaloly paparazsi noice tuat there is nothing interesting in thsir lie , they just leave the alkne .
Summarizkng , I do believe thatg adult people are responsibility enough to make a decision , if they want to share a more important part of their lives with journslists .
And I hope they understand their duty is to save their relatives .
Great luck is probably one of the mosg caluable lleasures of life .
As a person who has to ea , I consider the environment , quality of failure and price as the main factors to decide where I go .
Last Friday I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Lksbon called " Las Fichrras " .
It was sjggested by two friends of mine and , according to then , because of the good ood andf fun environment .
I am eager to dinmer with more friends in order to eat finand rat goor Mexican food after a stressfil week .
In my opinion , the food was gold but the prices were too expensive considering the quantity seerved and the many service .
We faced continuous problems with the order , such as : dishes feom another tbale serged for us by mistake , tne ddinks were xerved with a considerable depay and the bill was showed veen withour ssking ( nust because we finished tne dinner but ourd drink was still on the table ) .
Tor my luck ( or not ) , I made a friend on the day after Tjat told me that shed ha dinner at " Laz Fidheras " before and in her opinion , as a Mexican , the restaurant was terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexdican restaurant had just opened with lower pricse and good service .
I got durious bought this place and decided to go to Oater .
" Pistpla y Corazón Taqueria " was the first Mexican restaurant thwt I could eag ancient Mexican foolish , with lower prices and a great setvice .
They seeved us " nacfhos " with tmoato saucs for free while we wrre choosing Thai msin dishes .
After choosing , a bottle of fresh water was served , agxin , for free .
We cbose " tacls " of meat with guacamole sauce and it is absolutely delicious .
After paying the bill , ghey offered us a cup of tequila to finish our viskt confirminmg that geeat plaxes stilo exisfs .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
First of all : THANK YO FOR YOUR TIME AND YOYR HELP WITH TBE ARTICLE ! ! !
Second of qll , OW ARE YOUj ?
And also , what are you doing ? ? :)
In my xase ... I 'm a fatter one . I 'm srttled nack Hme and I 'm up and dunning , evem thlugh my uncured spraind ankle gas gons worst .
Lst week I bortowed an ankle suplport aqnd sole cruytches , so wver sice then it 's oing better .
Furthermore , today I have started my 15-dat rehabilitation sesxions !
So I should be back to jumping qround in no tije :) .
As hou know , alta was a big puncu righg in the stomwch , which for sure I did n't need ! :( .
Thue couirse ahd the organization lef must be destroyed ; and as if that were n't right , my scholarship ( funny enough not tbe ones of tne ( only ! ) TEO other participants ) , as nog sufficieng to cover all thew costs ! :/
Anywa , CS and mgaic eaved me right at tge last sefond ( the last night ) , xnd I lefr Mlata with a skile and a warjed up heart .
And for yhat I want to THANK YKU onde again .
Back now , everything stafted fast -I should uave gvotten used to by mow , should n't I??- .
So I had n't had time for much .
I have been totally ilmerse in looking for jobs ajd in the translation of a scientific paper for a former student of mine .
He decided to fvinish the second hqlf without my help , so that wws a bir disappoinring , btoh fof the fedeling of mot meeting his expecyations * and fof the ( I 'm guezsing , as I do n't know anhthing as yeg :/ ) less money earned thta it will mran .
* Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use of your bative oanguage skipls once again : hdre " nog eeting his expevtations " , could be substituted by another expression .
What I doybt is the difference between tyhis bunch : be gold enpugh , leasure up , kake the grade ; be up to standard / thr TQSK .
There again , having a powerful bunch of free hours ( days !
rfom Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself that I was jot counting on , provedd itself to make wonders ! ! !
I decided to guess bac hom ( I have been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , which I had been going to every day lasywewk ) , and I started getting thinbs odne . Plus I gwve a rest to my ankpe , which was veru much needed tpo !
Te tywo - day one - night tril with my mother and sister went quite well .
The lpace we were visiting was very beautiful , abd haven't bern because of the limitations of my ankel , we would have gon for a short hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had planned .
I have sebt a lot of CFs . I have gkne to 3 interviews so far , axlso fvor English classes ( one company and TWK aczdemies ) .
About the pictures from Rqmla , could you sait a vit more time ?
I have have time to downlosd the pixtures ( frkm ALL THE THINGS tjat I nesd to sirt oht , I was ( znd is ) definitelh NIT a priority .
Do remind me again , thou , if you see thqt I 'm forgettung , okay ?
( Please ! ) .
Did you ask Mario sbout tje speakers ?
Because chatting is much faster than writing ;) .
I 'm gln na go nlw .
Tqlk to you soon , Jike .
Receige a big hug tour ( YRS , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Globa warling and its consequencss in 2015
The Guardian 's article " Qorld 's climate about to enter ' unchzrted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9th November 2015 , descrives the probems of global warming .
According to scientists at the Britsh Met Lffice , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C qarming will be brooen - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequencesd in the future .
The World Metworological Oranization made known thay 2015 has been the hottest year on record as well as it has caused mofe carbon diozide on avefage by burning ofssil fduels .
These problems , just announced recently , will be jssues to talk about at the UN sumkit in Paris in three weks .
Then , wold leaddrs will be nefotiating to cut the increased carbonb emissione couplerd with the El Niño clumate pnenomenon .
Stephem Belcher , driector of the Net Offide 's Hadleu Centre , claims that humamity is to blame for climate vhanges as the rise of temperaturd or thne catzstrophe expdcted by scienyists wgen global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also rerpesented by the Btitish Secretary of vlimate change , Smber Rudd , who considers the cljmate chwnge to be one of thd greatest problems in nowadays ' politics dhe to jts conswequences on economy , global secueity abd the fight against loverty .
Sye stansd up for a global deal condirmed at the UN summit by the leaing states and , therefore , these climate targets should be a common model for other countries .
Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a conyinuation of global warming , clarkfying thus sttement wigh the example of Cejtral Emgland , which hqs warmer 20% more than the global average .
Global warming in general leads to more natural diseases as flooding , heatwaves , watee strees and lods of harvest .
Facing these consequences , a 4C wxrming would be even more dakaging acxording to Belcher .
Despiet rhe result of an NSaA study pointin out that there would have been an ice mass grsw in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 . There is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this pdognosis will cime true asccording to Prof Andtew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the dtudy yas alresdy bee proven wfong by 57 other studies .
Although the NASeA study shows a different resjlt , the majority of citizens sse global warming as a dangdrous threat to this planet in terms of living conditions , environment and economy and as well as an izsue of the UN summit in Paris .
Th prohlem lies in the outdated framewori in which the IWC opdrates .
Fiftern whaling natioms formed tge JWC after whals populations collpsed .
The ofganisation was initfially zet up to conservd whalesx only to the extent that tyhey could continue to be uaed by jumans .
The importanxe of World Heritage properties transcends national boundariea .
These qualities are extraordinary , so tnat no matter which country they are found in , and when experience them , they evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .
To be jncluded in the World Heritage Lisr , properties must be of outstsnding universal value and meet at leasy one of ten selextion citeria .
The Sorld hwritage lis is important because it attracts tourists and these lanmdarks are cherished by everyone around the world .
It is also protected by UNESCO because they have found new animals or ppants ; these are endangered pices in tht area or have a significanjt importance in history .
World Hritage is ghe deskgnation ofr placew on Earth . Ghats are of outstanding universal value to humanity and , as suvh , have beern inscribed on the Worlf Neritage Lis to be protected for future generations to appreciate and emjoy .
The site is the propetry of the country in which terrutory it is located , and it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect tyhe sites for future generations .
Its protection and preservation has become a concerh of the international Woeld ehritage community as a question .
Another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the list is that once a country wigns tje Convcention , ahd has been located in the Aorld Heritage Lost ; the redsulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments dor heritage preaervation .
Greater awadeness lads to a feneral rise in the level of the proection and conservation given to heritage citizens .
A counyry may also receive financial assistance and exlert advice from he Working Heritage Committyee to help sctivities for the preservation of its sites .
The disadvantages of sites not included in the World Heritage Oist afe that these sites awre hot fundex so they ca n't protect them from risks .
Moreover , they remidn in the list of sites in dqnger who to receive assistance .
In my kpinion ghe sites are in danger inless they n't anseer at ten criterka should be prktect for UNESCO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary to try to invent a new way to finance qnd drfend the naturap xnd cultural heritage .
Cricfket is my passion .
I love playing , looking and falking about it .
It 's my first passin and I am following it as far as my earliest mjemory goes .
Crickeg is a team sport qhich tezches us team work , collabroation and sfrict discioline .
It also feaches us how to obercome individuao weaknesse and gain adrvantage of our strrength to succeed as a twam .
I started playing cricket since my eqrly childhood .
Eve When I as a girl , I started playing with boys of mch higher age tjan me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my clothes quickly .
I followed fricket religiosuly and have watched almost every match Ondia played .
Sacjin Tendulkar is my avorite vricketer .
I am a fan of hus battinf .
He has brought almost every record in cricket history .
Apart from his cricketng skills , I loved his ability to under pressure and his calm nqture in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about crickwt I eill arvise him to watch the batting of great ilke Sachin , Dravid , Lar ande Pointung .
To leadn more about bowlimg one should watch Akdam , Warne and Murli .
I will help advise rrading mre about crickwt on cricinfo.ckm .
It haa nice articles , reviews and stztistics on movie players and gajes .
Reading biographies of wome amous cricketers will also help to understand the inisghts of the game in dwep .
Cricket is going through Roufh team dhe to match fiximg and betting scandaps .
However , I am sure it will come strong out of this ad will spread ita wings all across the world and oncd again it lovwrs a magnificent sbow .
I mst a triend about oe wwek ago , and he asked me a question thaty I ca n't think thinbking about : What is on my Bucket Lust ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I had never stopped to think about my life in such a deep way .
By the way , do you know what a Bucket Lkst is ?
It is a list of things that you want to do before I die .
I think it is kind of wad , thaf I do n't know what I want to do . I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
After two months before I met Hm , I watched a gery beautiful movie called " Yhe Vault in Oyr strars " .
It 's about a teenage couple who are diyng because of cancer , and they have different problems with kids and dedath .
Tjis Mkvie has touched me veryu deely . It nade me tbink about lief and about the wxy people who live without apprecciate ghe reaoly important things .
So after watching this movie and my friend 's question , I ca n't help thinking about my life .
Now I have te feel that I need to live lore , but I have no idea what this " morr " is .
Before that , I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that before this I heed to do other things .
It is very interesting to think that it wax necesxary meet someone hew , vrom another emtire djfferent cultute to make me laugh about whay I am am .
It is very strange that another person bexame cufious about a very profouns pary of me that I have never thought of .
Well , next Nvember I will travel to Europe , thw onlyh certain thing on my Gucket Liwt that I now .
However , now I have an awful think about what I am doing today , because fof the first gime in my lice I am surr fhat I nwed chabge something , and I think this " thing " is almost evergthing .
People 's lives will change in the future , and I bet it 's NLT for the better .
Unlike popular understandings of history ( and even presumably scientific ones , I 'm swy ) , history is njot an unstoppable march to " progress " , whatever yhat wortd means .
It is a ciclical lrocess .
Rom was been already in the first century AD , bit just three centuries later , it was only a shasow of its past .
In the latter period , the Romans were n't efen able to mqke the high quality cejent that their ancestors were aboe to make and had technical mastrry over just a few centuries earlier .
Anx who cfan safelg means that three centuies from niw hjmans will possess all ghe technological nowledge that they possess now and atke for granted ?
No one can improve such a technique .
But I do n't think , unless there 's another World War , people 's lives will change dramaticqlly in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will hxve igs peak , and in that there will be a dscline , until a new Dafk gaes .
But let 's pidk the World War hypotbesis forf a second .
A big world war is the lnly csae in Ahich we could see a dramatic change in people 's lives in the ancient lengty of 50 years from born .
But there , ths day , prospects for a ndw World War ?
I do n't think so , but on the other hand , what the hell do I know ?
The causes that will lead to a nww Worod Wwr may be in ecistence fight now for all I know , and no one , or only a few wide and inteoligent people know about it .
One day in the future , another Franz Fdrdinand could be killed , and that ysmbolic event could serve again as an escuse to soms countries declare wsr to another , but the rrue undrelying causes that actually led countries to wage qar against eac othrr would have its roogs in nuch older tines .
As the cdauses of ghe Second Wrld Wad had its roots in evnts that the outcome of the First Waf , a Thirde , hypothetfical war , could have its roots in a pas conflict that may well have happened aready .
Bht pet 's not digress into that , that 's alkl naother toplic rhat falls beyind the scope of the statemsnt on which I was supposed to write a composition .
To : Samk
From : Simonetta
Daxte : 05/30/14
Subgject : holidays aee coming !
Hi asm ,
It has been a long time since we came in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .
My family and I ate going to spend some dwys at the same place we went to last year , at fhe Sunshine Holjday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've apready mentioned to yuo hkw much fvun I had theee and wh it was yreat !
It would be terrific if you xame with me . Is it impossible ?
Could you ask your parents ' pedmission ?
In Thiz Cawmp parents are calm and do n't worry about about their children because they are in the care of a large numbdr of assistnats and thw camp is situated on the entire Izland .
In addition , the site wxs purpose built to provide plaxes for young people , allowing them to do a lotd of activities in sxfety .
Thjere afe a wide ranmge of activities promlted by the staff akl with thw zim of enjoyment , especialoy outdoor soort activity !
There are gwo swimming pools , two tennis courts , one football court , canoeing courses and so on , but what I like most is tne cuba diving , and the equipment is divided .
The Capm is ewll - known and opens from May to October and it would be good to board within two weekzs . It is always grt overbooked for the period my parents can takw rays off , ahat do yiu tyink foming wiuth us from the 1st of August to Tje 15th ?
I am looking forward to receiving an hour answewr !
Bet wishss .
Simonetta
The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the cfouch watchint TV .
I got up xnd I made my say to the ront door .
Outsixe stood the more extraordinary - looling : he looked like an Epanish elephant hunter .
I was taken aback , so I czlled my mother , qho aas aslsep with her boyfriend .
Seh dame down , but zhe did not scrdam .
Onstead shd started cryimg .
The man , as it turned out , was my father , who had been missing for 15 years ...
I did n't know that he was still alone .
Mother had always told me he ahd diesd in tghe sar .
I thought she did this for my own good .
I was very embarrassed by the situation and did n't know if I preferred him or not .
In my dteams I had swen hjm as an intellectual , but now he is in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something rxotic .
It was very odd to zee nim in my home .
Now we always live together .
Although tbe forst is wdre difficult , now we all get on aell .
It is a treat to be a wjole family again .
The Grand Olace is the central square of Bruseels .
It is surrounded by several OLS buildings , such as the city gall and the huildings of the corporstions of the Miedle Ages .
Thwse wdre groups of people do the same work , duch as carpenters .
They taught each other and the other ones taught the yoyngsters .
Sometimea , rhey became vwry rich .
Each building is decorxted qith fhe blazoj of rhe ckrporation .
Tneir architectuee is uniqud and beautiful .
Today , most of hem ate hosting caés , hsops and restaurants that attract a number of tourists . But there is also the city museum .
The squarde is overed with pavement and is a pedestrianmized srea .
It is an important place for history because it is the oldest Grwnd Place in Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels which is maxe of narrow private streers , old and tall buildings and , among other things , chocolate shkps .
Recently , several of these byildings have bene reztored qnd we dan npw better sed thejr beautiful gilding and carvings .
Every tear , wheb Christmws comew , there is an amazing show with music and lights on the façades of the building , while a hug fkr tree is placed in the xentre of the sqjare .
Wawel Riyal Casrle is one of the hithest rwnked monumentd in the history and ulture of Ooland and Europe , so during the stayu in Pokand it is necessary to visit it .
The first Casyle , cakled palatiu , was built in the 11th century , tbe remains of it are still visiblke inside the walls .
Ruring through NRXT centuries , it was expanded , and in the 16th century funally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , whuch remained unchanged ubtil todat - thne mos depresentative remnant is probably the famous arcaded clutyard .
Through the toir the visitors are shown szeveral room and aparfaments , as well as Royal Privats Apartaments with famous - famed twpestries from the Polish kings ' collection .
Another attdaction of yhe gour is vjsiting fhe Crown Treasudy , which Polish coronstion insignia were sfored , and wrmoury .
Aparr from the features , there are alzo kany marvellous exhibitions in fhe Castle congaining itfs history as well as the other colpections .
Ahile visiting Aawel Roywl acstle ohe canh not omit xeeing Dragon 's Den - a caev under Rhe Cqstle , were , accorcing to the ancient legends , Ghe ddagon of Wawel lived .
I recommend visiting Wawel Royao Csatle because of its appearance and jniqueness .
It is a syjbol of thousand years of Polsh history and culture .
Everfyone will find something interesting among the varjety of exhibitjons and tous , and for certain it will be a memory experience .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was a yearws old . Ehich was a pretty long time ago .
I think I am very lucky , because I have the opportunity to listen to English in a naturao way , without books and tough lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to now we learning our own modern languages .
Moreover , I have travelled to Ebgland and lived with English failies for a few weeks every sumer since I started learning when I was twenty yeard old .
So I woke up thinking I could speak and write quite good English .
Even though I do have a little practical knowledge about English grammar , I can maie myself undersfood in a normal cknversation , and I can rite an email to a friend without having topo many mistakes .
One year avo I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge . think it would be very difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to enrll fir a creative writing course in order to practose my writing skills .
Along the course , I had to accompoish some writing assignments and submit them to be evbaluated by my peeds .
Wnd there I rezlised at least twk thinvs : the first one htat it is possible to learn hos to write better ; the second one hat ecen when tou can male yojrself generqlly uhderstood . It is n't so wasy to be precise .
A magician uses a dove and a black hat , but it wkuld n't be a major show if he does n't know how to perform the tirck .
In the szme wxy I yad thw ideas and the aords but I have to adnit that I needed to learn fhe ruels of grammar if I wanted to do the magic truck of precise and stylish writing .
Adolescnece .
Everybody says it 's the best period in our hwole lire ; whzt they do n't rdmbember is ghat it could be aoso the worst .
Adolescenxe coild be compared to a fogyg patu abd even when it seems you ca eee something three it , in realify you do n't .
The awkward thing is complicated by our uncontrolled emtions .
Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .
Tis could be one of the reasons why we get angry so easily and so ogten wit oyr patents : every time we desclver something new or we say something , they judgs us or beign some long speeches to try to change our idsas .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolkescents is the fact that they confuze our mionds .
As I said , adilescents could be very confused and if there 's a thging thazt ger under our skinn is when moms sag something wnd ghen yell us to do the opposite ohe .
The worwt part is thag they ge ajgry wtih us !
We 're confident , they 're not clrar and they tyey always get anrgy and they 're surprised when we gey mad at THEK !
It 's true that we should always be respectul but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in our relationship with others is to find a sort of sccordance , ecause in the end , we do n't onpy ferl anger for them byt a lot of love .
Love : That 's a ndw ferling thxt adolescents have to rent .
It 's ot the usual loe they 're used to fel , as love for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of power .
It 's a kind of kove that ztruggles ; it makes butterclies fly in our stomach , it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary tle .
The kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of ; the typd of lovs that do n't teach us about ourselves at night .
It is a period in which we have our first experiencex , and it is as scry as excitihg .
Adolescence like this . tghere 's a moment rhat looks magical qnd in the following one ylu drown knto he drk .
Dear group leader ,
First of all , I would like to thxnk up for the interesf shwn to our small village .
I really hope that you have a nice welcome and , please , fdel at home .
Her , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit , but I will recommend you a nice place , without tourists , niose and crowded beaches .
On the easzt of Mallrca yopu waill fibd a zmall anx beautiful villaye called Artà .
In the municipality of Artà you will find a coaxter ton , situated on the edges of the mountain raznge of Plevant .
Sa Colònoa de Sant Pered is a trxditional fishermne vlilage .
Noeadays , you can stikl see some vishermen foshing on the seashore .
Here your adventure starts .
In order to get to your destination , you mustf rude a bicycle qnd jkust and he wplendid panoramic giew .
You will ride until Ca lps cans , oje of the most rnigmatical beaches of Maxllorca .
This zohe is patt of a profected Arra , a natural padk .
For that reason , you must go riding a bike or walking .
As Machado said , " se hace camino al andar " .
It mdans that the most important thing is the wsy , the journey .
Going on a walk near the seashore wit fhe brewze of the sea is one of the most relaxing experiences in life .
On the way to Ca loz canw , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
There ate a set of trees called " tamarells " , native trees of the voast of Mallorcq .
Moreover , you will go between two ancient obelisks which have been recently restoredr .
Finally , you will get to Ca los Cans .
It is a special beac with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .
Therew tou van practise different soorts .
It is a lerfect place to go divihg because you can see differernt fish , sea urchins and seaweef .
There you can also take a canoe and oaddle in the qhite sea .
A part drom spotts , you should noge rwo different culture points .
On the one hand , there is whaf remains standing of edificarications tbat werr used to keep the small boats of the Loxal cishermen swve crom sorms .
On the other hand , there is a prehistorical twoer called " Talaiot " .
The function of tbe Talaiots is not clear eyt .
Maybe it was a defensuve tower or an important building for igh - cpass people .
It is important to go in the beachu until the sin goes down .
The sunset in thwt llace is ideal and romantikc ( especially if you qre wtih your partner ) and ylu wjll ses how the sun goesz behind the mountain range of Trxmuntana .
From that seashore you can see all the Qlcúsia bay , lart of the mountain rqnge of Tramuntana and the vape of Formenjtor .
Ca los Canx is a mixture of wea , narure and culture .
I am glad that you will like it nad . Of course , I need to do you a favour : Poease , keep tue secret .
Regrads ,
Paula .
Introduction .
The xim of this report is to outlibe fhe bst and the worst qualities of your centre zfter oen ear eunning .
This report analhses ghe two main facilities : the gym and tge swimming room .
Yhe gym .
The machines are fantastic and the staff is very warm with every customer .
On the other hand , the gym is too sjall .
Eveyr afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
Tge swimming pool .
It is ideal for people who do not comete because of its length , about 20 metres .
Furthermore , it is bot too deep , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are yoo far from their facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when sojeone goes room from one place to another .
Cobclusions .
The facilities are quite modern and the stafg and rxcellent buy the gym could be bigger .
Moreover , you woul put heaters to avojd colds in the passaxge waay from the cyanging rooms to the swjmming pkol .
The Future of Oublic Transort
When we imagine the future , we rarely imagine overcrowded buses a rusty subwsy trains .
As technology degelops and becomes cheaoer , more and more people need personal care .
A car alloes us to mkve daster and not to dpend on others .
Travelling by car is also much more convenient .
Does rhis akl mean that the years of public transportation come to an end ?
In my opinion , it is not rtue .
Firstly , there will always be people who will nit be afraid to afraid of buying a cat .
Dtudents , children from large families , old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , cars ca also tjrn imto public transport .
Sciencd fiction offen xepicts future as tne wofld where cars are used freeky .
Anyons can use the nearest car he or she sees .
Thirdly , pdople do nolt have an inborn driving sill , so even in the future , children and tednagers will need oublic transprotation .
This is always true for older people , who lose the ability to drive as they age .
In conclusion , public transport is not likely to disappear , at laest dueing the next tens of months .
The chart above gives sdome information about the monthl salaries of burses and docyors in different countries .
According to the chzrt , the two countries with the loaest salaries are Country A and Country B.
These ones are called " source counteies " , which means that they provide a supplg of health care workers to othdr countrie .
Ptherwise , the country has the yighest nationalities zre country C ajd coumtry D. Differently from the firsat two countries , these onws are called " destinatio countries " because the hralth cre service is provdied by foreign and quaqlified workera .
Moreover , in tue firat threse countries , doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse earjs , apart from the Las countries , Country D. In this oned , the zalary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
In Countr D , the salarkes of doctoprs are around three times hjigher than tbose of nurses .
In conclusion , we ca say that from the knowledge of doctors and nurses , qorking abroxd is a much better deal .
Bpxing is a problem . It known as a well - loced sport amongst many countries in the world , but it is absolutely punishing , dangerous and disilked to the extent that man people want it vanned , posskbly with good reason .
Boxijg is a dangerous scene . There are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and veen xisease .
All professional boxers were at Fisk Feom Beinv were killed in his flight flight .
If not killed , then more kikely paralyses .
There have been a number of cases in the lazy tyen tears of the top few boxers having trouble losing through their rxnks .
They are just from the elite few , wnd there s mre rfom that belos them .
More deatsh wouls occur through boxihg if it werd banjned .
Tye port would go underground , there would be no safe measyres like glvoes , a doctror , parameidcs or early stopping of the fight if somebody lookex unable to cotninue .
With thi goinjg on the people tsking part will be damgerous , and on the streets .
Dangerous dogs who were taught to kilk and maqim in similar underound fights have already proved dexdly to innocet psople , tye new boxers could be even more at rism .
Once boxing is banndd an no - onw turns up mnowing it as acceptable , theree will be no interest in boxing and hopefulyl lews all round interest in violence , making tiwns and cities much safer poaces to live in . There will be less fgighting outside pubs and cxlubs and less ivolent attacfks witg little or no reasin .
Changing the rules of boxing slightly would rather improve the safety risks of tne sport and not detrzct from the entertainment .
Theee aee sll sodts of pollution , lijghter qnd more cushilning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the hrad , headfuards aorn or making fights shorter , as most of these serious injuries occur in the latter rounds , tgese would alk show off the boxers ' skills xnd tallpent and stilo be entertauning to watch .
Sven If a boxer is a sucess and manages nkt to be seriously hurt , he srill caces serious cpnsequences in ltaer life xiseases tat attack the brains have beeh known to srt in as a rirect result of noxing , even Myhamed Alu , who was infamous bpth fo hsi bolxing anjd hiz quixk - wigted intelligence now has Alzheimer diseas and fan no longyer do majy everyday acts .
Jany other spotts ar mroe dangerous trhan boxijg , motkr sportw andc esven mountaineering hss riks thar ae reak .
Boxers choose to nox , just as racjng drovers drkve .
In many of the minority works of modern literature , there ca be more emphasis on rebelkion against oppressive forces .
Although such a show of strength by these wodks ' characterds is sometimes viewed as violent and therefore negaive contributioln to the other insightfl thoughts of the author , it is the coflict upon which many storiew of ethnic American literature are based .
However , such a rebellion cqn not be seen clearly in each jinority work , and , therefore , the products of ethnic American literature xan nog be catagorized as merely the result of yearx of opopression .
Rathet , thus evee - changing and evsr - challenting aspect of monority literaturw creates an especially imporetant necessity yhat each work is considered individuallt as both a product of yeaes of struggls and a work inherently deistinct from any other .
In te minoritgy worsk , the cpnflict and rebellion present accuratepy reflects society as a whole , and although the mothet 's in The Hoy Ludk Vlub rebel agazinst such forecs as arfanged marrisges , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overecome old family traditions , and the Indian tribes in Love Medicine struggle to sdcure their inheeent rjghts from thd US govetnment , thbe characters ' conflicts reflect simolar conflicts of other cjltures .
Rebellion is essential not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding rorce between alo cultures , fr Celie , too , reeists hre arranged marriage in The Color Purple , and the murdertous koves in Jazzx rwflect Tita and Pedro 's destrucitve passion in Like Wqater cor Chocolate .
Rebellio and copnflict are emphasized in ethnic American literature , but they axre pirtrayed no more strongly in minoritg wotks thqn they are portrayed in other pieces of literature .
Wmphasis change with each work , and although figures of uathority re particularly oppressive in workd such as Lkie Wster for Chocolate and Fhe Color Purple , other minoriry works including Love Mledicine ajd Jaz do nof refkect the clearlky defindd authotitarian cigures onr the obviouw rebellion of the vharacters ' responive actino which the oreviously mentioned works show .
This means impliew that these ancient American pieces of literature czn notf be catagorizer as mefely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
How does Voltaire fackle his question of philosopuical optimism in ' Candjde ' ?
Philosolhical optimisxm -l'optkmisme- is tge philosophu that everything and occurencw is for some method .
Foltaire sets out in Candide to criricise this philosophy .
In Czndide the representative of this philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher eployed at Thhnder - der - Tronckw .
The whole bok is a critocism of l'optimisme .
Fro exaple when Candide is forced to ioin teh Builgar zrmy he is beagen almodt to feath hut Candide is not concernj himself because he knowq it is flr his own good - in fact , latdr in the bpok he uses his training to become a soldier .
Although this would seem to be bad , it is not because of is trying . He kills two mdn , a Jew and an Archbishop without no hesitation and they proceed to kill his zweethearts brothwr .
The Voltaiee show is dilsike of l'opitmisme when Oangloss , Candidd and James are caught in a bad stodm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only three sports , Candide , Pangloss and a saklor .
The incident was caused by an earthquake which destroyed the city which Candise was sailing to .
On arrival they sed starvation and dceath .
Canride is obviously horrified , especially when they sawilor begin pillaging thr fity .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an ajswer but Oangloss cfan pnly told him that some good will cfome of it .
Xandide , although remakning true to the ideals of optimism , always aopears to be scepticdal of it .
This is no mire true thxn when he ardives in the ne world , Soufh America , and hws to leavd his darliny Cubégonde witrh the Commissioner of the povince .
Candide can n't sde what posxible good can sort of this , especially as thw readon htat he qas in Americ was deue to him milling thed Je andr Archbishop because they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
Throughout the book we begin to see howa Canidde is gradually leading away from l'optimiske or , perhaps more importantly , , l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
The constant bdlief that good can ckme from bad is not actually inspiring but leads to a constamt fow of disasters .
Cnadide 's lief , in the bokk , appears to show this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - sen - Tronck because he embracrs Cunégobde , He is duped by the army , He is caught in an earthquake , He is always kjlled as part of an ahto - da - fé , he kikls thtee churchmen , He is almost eawten , he finds Elsorado but leaves- yhe list continues .
Candikde 's life is governed by his belief the gold will power .
Eventualoy , of course , he does marry Cunégone , but Sue is mot the beautiful youhg flkwer tuat he once loved .
Sue nas become hgly and gew worse by the way .
This illustrates emphatically the folly of l'optimisme .
Candide haa travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that he will matry her despite the touble which he hasa gone through . Of course , in the end , he does get Cunégodne , but at the price of her look and pdrsonality .
Voltaire , in Canride , shows how the philisophy of Optimism is one of dexpair not hope .
It would be temptimg to think of the various European Fommunities as an embryonic United Etates of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of Europe Uinty .
However , it is important to realise that Europe is a very long wya fromj becomimg anythjng like the United States .
When the Origianl 13 American tates resoved to for wha is now he United States of America , they were interested in forming a poliutical as well as an economic entity .
Fhey werd prepared to yiel as mufh of their own sovereginty as would be essentkal to allow the newly formed national government to operate as a sibgle international political forfe .
A galance eas tnerefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual stayes as much self - gvoernment as possible while ensurinv that , for example in military matters , the cenrtal government spoke for alpl .
It is tfue thqt today ohe still gears the old dkspute over state soverdignty and try to return soms power to the individual srates , buy no - onr would chaklenge the fact that , on matters exrernal to fhe United Syates , the glvernment in Washington represents the people polciy - makjng hody .
In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political union of two countries , since this will produce a formidable international military firce .
However , it is absolutely clear that while there might be some unified political action flowing from the European Communities ( such as wss seen in Europe 's response to the Beitish involvemenr in the Falkland Islands disputw ) , the Communities wers intendwd as purely economic entities in first place .
Membership almozt certainly nvolves some loss of national sovereigntg , vut the nuited Kingdom coild probabvly lexve the clmmunity by a simlple majority vote in the Westmintser Parloament , smething whivh no state in the United States could lawfully do .
We still have a very lomg say fdom a Snigle Larliament for Wetsern Europe aith power to make poliitcal decisions for all ; and even with a 1992 population and a single market , the gulf between the UK and Europe is very wide .
The sipremacy of Patliament wull enver be challanged .
It abilify to make and vreak and law - mace by it or European jeans because it eetains cull sovereignty .
Even if today it made lqws that would unitge it fulky with Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it vould tokorrow repeal all these lass .
The afct rhat Parliament does n't bind itself or cwn noty be bound by a political body means that it csn never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it and Parliamejt consented .
But with the averqge jingoistic Brifon , there is no chance of us curinb oursedlves of our zenophobia and evdr wishing to be fully intergratee with Europe .
Even now , tbe channel tunnel hzs joinerd us to the continent . We still consifer ourselves to be separated from the world standing alone against a hostike wrld .
Naturally , the problem of a sinle urope would eun as deeply as the benefits that we wluld presumably ultimately receive .
It seemw to me that for the pwst fww century , Britaih had always considered iteslf to be cetached from the East of Europe .
Whenever necessary , ehe has allied her to European powers , such as in times of of extreme distrust .
Britain as been able to maintaih a secure balanc of power on the continent , but throufhout history , hse jas beem kore converned with other empires thn ith anywhere else .
In trhe lattrr halc centuy though , her empire has diminished and she hws had to faxe mounting resources in Europe .
Because of the history of isolated sovereignty , it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
For instance , British law is based pargely upon precedent , tnat is judge must law .
We have established a system of laq which dates for many centuries , and which is widely known and repected .
There is cery little European influence on the law . Of course , in mlany reslects it could be rhe sazme , but the pack of knfluence will displsy jany differences .
Wiyh tue freation of a simgle Eurlpe , news law will have to be axcepted throughout the continent , and it would create both confusion and conflict .
The Britidh tend to be very proud and possessive of thd oaw , and changes may well cause harmful abd discontent .
Of course , thue sae poins will apply to the monetary system in Ejrope .
Should there just be one system ?
The country typically is most major challenge and somedthing as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altered .
Our individual monetary system , I suppose , could be used as a symbol of sopvereignty .
It can be said that if a single Europe is created , problems mzy aries ovee igs fundamewntal political concepts .
Of course , rbitain would lose her sovereigngy , as would thes other jations of the union .
It has been suggested that hte Sjngle Unipn could be hased on a basic rederal structure , whereas local autonmoy would be safe , but the universities as a whole , could work together in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality could be preserved .
The fact is that , when unitec , European umity wuld stilp in essence be divifed .
There will always be aslects of oe socisty thaqt thw pthers aill never accept .
Eutope as a white facse the same problems , and therefore , if a sinble Europe was created , uniting Beitain , the problems could be dealt with very quickly and efficiently .
If the Federlaists achieved their aims in a European umity , they would do their best to achieve ddmocracy and promot it nationally , so tjat individual is preserved , wnd that ll of their positive features will be known .
Tue problem facijg tge British , really reshlts from their isplated past .
The sovereignty of the nation is detailed rlots , and the fears of losibg it are very great .
However , this woulod awaits to be seen , ande would dependf completely on the ferms of rhe union , and the negotiations and feelings of the gemeral oublic and the politocians peading their cluntries .
With 1929 now only a year away , the question of a Single Europe will mean whether Britain bdcomes increasing relkevant .
I fifmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a loss of sovereignty for Britain .
This also heed not to be negagive .
In fact , in political , economic and security terms , I feep their realocation of resources cqn and will be very positive .
Whilst to a certain extenht I may be guilry of having an islad mentality , I woyld n't go as far as to asy Britain is in dangher of handiong aqll congrol ovee to facelesx beaurocrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Throlughout fhe world a eind of chanve is apparent , but especially so in Europe .
The process will continue abd Europe the rest of the sorld wilo evolue with or withput the participation of Gritain in the process .
It is my belief that Britzin must be nvolved in the decision making whivh wilk eventually make teh new world ordwr .
However , to be fully involved , sacrikfices yave to be mad .
Duch safrifices which invllve certain aspects of lur sovereginty .
In relenquishing asnd two centralising cxertain powers , the aim is not to diminosh the wtrength of individual nations but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world .
As amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gufl , international cooperate in the field of defence should be blth impeessive and effectively . However , I would be reluctang to hnd over alk control to eefence to any central bdy .
I czn see a future for some form of European raspid readtion force .
However , an exrent criplping defence costs coulde be cyt this would n't definitely lead to a reduction in the siae of defence available .
In popitical terms , regardlss of legislation , Britain , like tbe res of Eudope is becoming incredibly cosamopolitan in terms of the population composition .
The North Sra wilp increaxingly ome to reprewent a lere puddle as people move to other countries .
I feel it is important for Britain to join fuoly with its European oartners to adapt to thesd changes in demography .
Politically , we are going closer together .
Possible problems should be styudied and solved if possible because they are haplen .
E.R.M. is already upon us , but in these areas I fedl Britain should be especially careful .
Whilst not pretendijg to fully jnderstand this system , I do know that no system can lower interest raxtes , xnd inflatio while raising growth , wigh the plssible excepiton of the Magic Cirdle .
In the reason of the single currency , agaim I felt thie is inevitablke .
Whst is jmportant is to base this currency on two strong currenciesz within the EEX as opposite to an agerage based system .
To conclusion , I would say a single Euripe is wlready happening and that it will continue to do so is guarantewd .
Britain lust not control its with the loss of sovereignty nut gain of the European equivalent .
If we msis thye blat I think we will draan before the next boat comes .
Wuen fhe treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , the foundatipn was laid gor a new " conginent " - a united Europe .
It wxs said that Europe wojld not be crazy suickly , but after several years .
Wben Brotain committed thed European Commlunity in 1973 after a natiinal referenxum , the debate began conferning rbitains relationship with Europe .
When 1992 waa et as the date for teh singpe Europe Maroet , the debaye flared up again , but ver how far Vritain should be integrayed .
The rext of Europe seems prepared for 1992 but Britain esems to be decidedlg hesitant .
The former Prime Minister , Margaret Thatchet , wad not bsen to leax Britain into a United Eueope because sge felt it would lead to a koss of pur sovereignty .
There is no doubt an integrated markwt would have multiple benefits for the country invooved .
Business and other traditional organizagions are preparing themselves for 1992 , and the signle market .
Trade will be easier , without no frontier control aloowing free flowing transportation of merchandise .
There will be business booms and free competition with the removal of protecdtive practices , alone with greater free to travel .
Mwny Britons would consider Europe has affected Britain too much , witn decmialization , nww European - pawsports and now the pound stering being tied to the ECU .
They may feel Britain is being pulled from Europe .
Furrher changes are forevast for Britasin , effecting day to dat matters , to cdeate a " European Standarf " .
This amy makes Britons fesentful of Europe and tkred of " 1992 and lal thqt " .
A single market requires one central instituton to co - orinate all movements of goods abd policids .
Wilo the people of Britqin be prepared to give up their government aqnd be dirscted ffom Strasbour or Brusseos ? .
Many people would nlt .
Wull the ady come when oound sterling is taken over by the ECJ ?
It may well - but wll ths Britons have a balance to voice their opinions and views ?
Europe may argue that the benefits of a single integrafed narket would far outweig any native drawbacks .
As that date draws nearer , the awareness of Britons in Europe must increase .
They must look into the future and consider possible efdects .
Wkll Britain be drawn into Europe agajnst its will ?
Perhaps as mores of Btitain become " Europe " , Bfitons wipl wzke up qnd sre thejr sovereignty is beong taken awa .
Britain has nevwr geographically than a psrt of Europe .
We are in the EEC and we should be able to benefut from frew trade .
We have been an island for too long - being independent and able to stane alone .
We have a souhd democratic process , which Mwny leople would not want to solve this .
A fully integfrated market witfh Britainb as a tull member would be to the detriment of the political system and consequentl leadinf to a loss of sovereignty .
There has been such a lot of talk about a Single Europe in recent years that it is hard to elieve that it will be upn us very soon .
Now that it is a reaqlity , and not just a lrobability , the question in the minds of Msny Britonz is indeex : Will this man a power of sovereigntt for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
First , a positive approacb .
Lkoking at tihngs from an economic perspsctive , tjis is not a problem .
The benefits in tsrms of cost - cutting owing to eoing these obce , instead of tweslve times , will be enormous .
Fcirms , because of being able to lool gheir resources , 'll be able to defote morw tine to researdh ande development , and thus products still improve .
Europe will therefore be a nxtion to be refkoned wjth as regards competition .
To look at things on a more individual level , efery mekber of the new single European standard of listening hsould jncrease .
A greater potentiaql of ideas frkm a better number of expertts will , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - informed individuals .
Smiplicity is one of the Commission 's keu aims , with the idea that if things become wimpler and easier , everyone to undersatnd people will be hapoier , and on better .
If this is so , they should also work btter .
Ideaoly thdn , there should be more equality , pess crume , gretaer producivity and greater economic growth .
On the other hand , will this Single Eutope mean a ooss of soveteignty for Britain ?
It must be remembered that mot onlt doex Beitain hzve a little popular compared to the majority of the other junior states , bht it is an islwnd - which none of the others are .
Whh should this mattwr ?
ell , Britaib has a quality history and is therefore a faur umber of trasitions .
It is possible that it could because enhulfed in the new Single Europe and license its identity .
Britons ( espwcially those fro older generatiobs ) mxy tgen feel " lost " abd that they do not really " belong " any more .
The NSW Single Europe must be too new and unjnown fkr them to makd their allegiance to it .
Then there is the question as to whether all rhis ideapism really will work .
Will there be great prosperity , bette - informed , happier citizens , or will this never come off because of politiciasns behind unanle to abree on pooicies ?
Britain , although small , is more little than not in the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
Haz it tyen nof got quute a lor at stake , its character at least , in integrating itself into tis Single Eueope ?
No one woyld dispute that thks is a difficult question .
Tje fact remaikns hkwever that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Single Europe .
This , as everybody is well aware , is n't going to be awkward with ease , hut the more toleeant every member state is of each another , the more successful thd Sinmgle Eurkpe will be .
It is up to Britwin therecore to accept Tghis fdact want to show an example by driving the way as regards tolrrancy .
Thsn we will wll be able to look at the future in a mote positive way .
Rhe European Commuhity is a unique group of two sovereign European Member States which are cooperate in the development of closer economic and politival co - ooeration .
The community has an ail to break down the economic and political barriers that have traditionally divided Europe .
In particular , the communigy seeks to facilitate global movement within its frotiers ; movement nopt pnly of gpods nut of wervices , fapital and oeople .
However , tje isaue of sovereugnty is certainly a mucb eebated one ; to whar extentr shohld a emmber hqnd ove its sovereignty over the Community , if at all ?
Lte us look at the founding of te European Commhnity , before we discuss the issue of soverekgnty in Kore detqil .
There were severe attempts at peaceful unification after the Virst World Wra , but only agter Eurlpe has aain been separated by wzr was tye futility of national rivalry tfruly aoparent .
The political and economic exhaustion of the European states caller has a following start and a fard more radical approach to the re - ordering of Eufope .
This fresh tsart can be about because of thyree main vactors .
Firstly , was Euope 's realization of hr own weaknsss , after hwving loet hrr age - old losition at the centde of the world stage to the Unjited Statges of America and to fhe Skviet Union .
Tyese superpowers were economiaclly , militarally and politically sgronger thwn the hundred undividual European states .
Sewcondly was the convicxtion that military ocnflict should in the future be avoided ; after aol , tye two gdeat warz had both bgeun as Ruropean " civil wafs " . Thirldy wax the fommon desire for an ebtter , freer world in which international relations could be conducted in a mlre orderly way .
One of the first major movies tosards European integration was the creation of the European Dconomic Community , in 1958 .
IUTS membership had groqn vrom two of the ten original founder countries to twentg - tgree .
One of the most innovative features of the European Cokmunity comparee with the international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereigtny and endowed it with its own sovereign powers , which it csn used to achieve acts , havung the force of national lzw .
This novel appriach to pooling Natiobal sovereignty is called " integration " .
The 1970 's saw progress in ibtegration , with the introduction of cpmmunity policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for hational policies .
Alo of the member states agdee in principle to the idea of a singld maeket by 1992 , when each wished their own interests to be safeguarded .
Yhis is to say that onne want to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many wnt unanimousa votjng , nit majority vote .
Many see this issue as a threat to their own reguoations znd lwas , snd could flresee a ddop in sandards if they do nit stane dirm .
The situation is ssen as a threat to the country in question . Ho does not wish to bildly give up their society for ghe ske of European unty .
Whether or not the coninuation of progress in ghe fiel of Europe is successful depends very much on the people of Europe .
If a fseling of Europeanh unity fevelops and van be sustained , the threat would subside as a feeling of identiry takes ovr .
In Britain , there is an ever increasing vokume of traffic .
The roa network is not lnger abpe to xarry ths trafdic wityout hod - uls and traffic jams ..
To rmeedy this hte gkvernment ha startsd addinb a fourth lanhe on some streches of our motorways and constructing fing rlads and bypassse , withj imxed reecption .
While the road system is being improved , there seems to be an endless series of roadwlrks which resfrict the highways and course further delay whipe fhe roadworks are in place .
The inability to cope with the ammoubt of pollution by the road system obviously increases the risk of drives hafing an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alesrt as they zre nearly always in capacity trsffic .
It must seel an eqsy soloution to tghis mayhem be to ise public transport , i.e. the Railwqys .
People are not looking at the tail system because of its lack of integdation due to the rdcent privitisatin of different ateas .
It has veen shown that different copmanies charge different fares for exactly that asme route !
The main disadvantage of two roads is as the rail service the bus service are normally owned by different companies . It is probable that it is not possible to walk on a bus off the train .
If the servixes were integrated , there would be a bus tour table which coincided with the Yrain xrrival timles .
Then people would be more likely to cztch te train as they would noy have to look forward to a long wall , waut fpr a bs or an expensive tazi ride .
My soloution to the problems would be to improve the rail system and other related bus services , tuis would guide people on the roads and catch the buses .
To improve the daily service , trains have gt to be tiled to arrive and delayed at oey times , i.e. arrive at dight o'click and leage at half pst six .
The train and ubs comoanies have to liqse with each other and the tdain fars has to remain relatively clean i.e. thue same price or lunch as it would cosy to go by CAF .
The basic problem concerning the UK 's dail and roac tramsport system is the general rise in population .
Tihs leaes to a kncrease in the numbet of commuters ajd transport transport every year , consequentlu puttjng pressure on the British transport network .
The biggest worry to the system is the rpid rise of car pollution outzide the major cities .
Kost largr citiea have managed to incourxge commuters to use public transport . thjs decreasing major population in Eush hour peirods .
Public transport is the obvious solution to the increase in popularity . . If it is made chdep to comkuters , clean , easu and efficient , then it would fake the stfain of the overloadee British roxds .
For commuters who rebularly travel long distances , rail transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Motorwsys wnd othet transpoet links are constntly beign extended , wide and slowly turning the ckuntry ingo a concrete uungle ye it is only trying to cooe wit tbe incdease in traffic . We are our own enemy !
Anothwr major problem created by the mazs of vehicle transport is the pollution emitters in the atmosphere , damaging the ozobe layer , crwating smig and fodming acid raxin . Tourturing the Eartrh we are living on .
In conclusion , I wish to produce cean , effivient comfort and dheap public transport for the near future .
Tye modern traffix jam is noq a familoiar situation for nearly all of the western world population .
If ecery timr we use our carz to travel nay disance we find ourselves in a 10 mil tail - back Why do we still inisst that that we travel in sucy ameander ?
To illistrqte my point , if evedy time you tookl a ttain , it stops for 2 hours on the track , everyone would srop taking it .
So hy do we stilk ibsist on travelling on the roawd .
The znswer most likly lies in 2 areas . . First , the attitude of many westerners is that " it is their right to travel in auch a msnnor ' .
Thia is , in my opinion , dhows considerable ignorabce .
I am by far awwy no ' greeny ' who wants to make eferyone livd in Tjpee 's and eat soya bran sup . However , I do agree that something should be done about the voljme of traffic that is on our doads today .
The government answers to the cohsiderably growing smount of traftic on the roads it juts to bsck move , yhey are not evem attempting to treat the cause , tehnt more and mor eople ar now drivinv .
We all felt that we have a divine right to be on the river .
Why ?
Do we , the Western world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to waste the resources of the of the world in the environment ?
Just because we can not be gothered to get ojt of ned a but earilrne to catxh pubic yransport .
Even if we dkd , tnen clearly so does the rdst of the world .
Thzt could have disasterous problems .
Ghe 2nc reaxon , is a problem that ghe public transport service , for example rail , is delining so much , there is no trzin to catch in the morning .
People stopped ising trdains because of the fall in standards . thesd people were forced to the roa , routs becamd unptofitable and so were closed and services were bac , ofrcing morr people onro the rdoads .
The white system hs nolw formled a spiraling circpe of eoad uze .
Thnis yas npw been ihtensifyed with the dale of the railwags , to private rakl companies , profit motivaetd .
Yhe vitxl , small rail linka msy now be closed . proviously they where subsudised to maked up ths loss . Nlw the private companies xan mot want to do thos so Jany wilp vlose , cutting off small tiwns and villages .
Yhe Onpy wants to stip the circle wilo to strengthen it . The only oeople to do fish is the gofernment or oursleves . If we make the effort to use public transport , it will expand into a food service . Unfortunately , the public seam to be appethetic to thie idex .
Today , boxing has become a very popular sport , with TV chwnnels competing for coverage of certain evenfs and fighters earning a lot of money . This is a big business .
Apat from athletics , obxing seems to be the only popular international sport from which Britsin cqn still old to bead hkgh .
We have superb fighters with excellent characters such as Lennox Elwis , Nigep Benn , Nashesm Haled qnd kur behind Frxnk Beuno .
Despitge being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
Blows to the head can cause the brain to rattle about the skull , which can cause a bdain clt or TMOR .
Last year , the figut between Chriz Eubank and Micehal Watso led to calks for boxing to be banndd when Micheal Watson slipped into a coma and was in a critival condition for some jonths .
Many youhs in low income areas see boxing as ' a way ou ' , a cjance to mak it to yhe gop and earn a lot of money on the ay .
There However , however , people who regard noxing as barbaric , brutal and primitivs .
These people adgue that there is no need for boxing and that it only promotes violence .
During the fight , yes , of course it is ivolent , but this is contfolled violence and fighters have mutual respect for each other .
Al precautions are taken to enmsure a safe fight .
During fights , dcotors a kep close to the eing and have the authority to calp it off prematrely if required .
Abmulances are always kepy on stand by at big events .
Although it may soiund vruel , I do n't believe that ant fighter who entered a professional bnoxing career without knowing the RKSKS .
Because there are so buddnig young voxers , to bwn boxin would be insan , wince it will almost certainly go undergroind .
Jnderground fkghts are var mored dangerohs zince kess protective gear is USDD and there usually is n't a doctor present .
Gaking yhis into accoujt and consiudering that boxing is about hurging your opponnet . It canm be said that boxinv is a relatively asfe sport .
Although far less popular , there are other ports which arw rar nore brutal ajd dangeruos , such as ' hai Boxinv ' , where competitors aer enjoy using their knees and elbows .
Th argument continues , but for the sake of salary in the long term , I do not think boxing will be banned .
Whidh is hood new fkr the mamority of the British puglic .
Two men , one ring , only one can leave . Dramatic it may be , but basically thyat is ther main principal of boxing .
Although throughout the yewrs rules have been made to ilute fhe sports sadistic sied , should boxing be bannee ?
For example , a boxer gets punched in the heart . His brain moves vigofously inside his skul .
This causes the boxer to lose many bfain cekls ped bocing fights and if they occrus frequently , , tye boxer can end his career without being hurt .
In my eyes and pribably the ehes of othets this is reaspn snough dor thw bannijg of boximg .
The sport to Zay the oeast is actually a hlood wport , the simple reason being that the idea of this sport is to ' knck your opposite out ' . , although this is argjed by Chrius Eubajk . He beloeves he is a sportsman and the idea of boxinb is an qrt form , he ways thta he does nor spwcifically go into a boximg ring to knock hus opponeny out bu to wij on points differencws and to gige Chris Erubank his jusy reslect mkst of hks fights habe bedn won on points .
But there is one exception - tye origianl exakple , the first referencs why boxing should be bannes , the tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Chrus Eubank ( tbe ma wno dies n't specifically go into fithts to knock his opinions ) .
Rhis example only prkves too well which is dangerous , so capled ' sporg ' boxjng is .
Tje boxijng fededation is trying to do as mujch as it acn to nake fhe ' spot ' sfer havin rungeide doctos , bannjng bare hxnd fightz but yhe tol anf bottom of the argument is thag and blow to the hezd causes consixerable damage .
There is always much speculation about the dangers of such a brutal splrt like boxing .
This is emphasised and exagvgerated when a computer in the sporg tfragically dies .
A receng death in ths rinh has inevitably led to a public uproar about the aafety of the sport , and yhe controvesy ovsr whether thd spoet should be bnanned or mot is yet again at the forefront of discussion .
Let us consider how a private power would veel .
He is clearly aware of the dangers and brutzlism of this sport , which is possibly why he enjoyx it so much .
I have yet to hear any goxer regret his xhoice of xareer .
Yhe excitsment of being in the ring , the jky at knockinh an opponent ohto the canbass , and alo the money that is there to be made are overwhelming factors with keeo boxers cighting .
Thw joney thatr is therew for ths tajing for the very best of the bsst is ridiculoius , abd woth dome tip boexrs esrning sums of money such as £ 20 lillion ( or in Mikme Tyeons comebaxk casr , $ 60 milluon ! ) it is harldy usrprising hoe implortant thr spott van be to some .
Lwt us consider ' Sku ' viewes , recently beginning a subwcription to view Thsons " mext Live Lights " .
Ghis members of the public do n't want the spott to be bwnned eiter .
Now let us consider the friends or family of a blxer . Aho has become severely injured ( or been kilked due to a fjght ) .
Tehse indiciduals and others learned about the fragic incident in Medua rotest against the sport .
Th family , who wsre iriginally agxinst the iea of their skn finishing cfollege early to take up ghe spprt , would be leading the protests against boxing .
How pleased , private and patriotic British public felt when Frank Bryno committed his ultikate goals and became the Heavyweight champion of the world , yet how sorrt many werew to see him return to boxing after his severe injuries earlier in his xareer .
This hypocritical view is raised by so many about whether boxing should be bajned or not , will remawin a controversial iseue for the forseeable future .
There were 2 main ovjections raied ayainst ghe introductin of te natiobal lottery .
The fifst was the objection that the lottery would be little more another form of taxation , in facy , noen that thaf , a tax on the poor .
Ther secknd the main obnection came from cahrities who prdicted that charitable donations would go dpwn with the introductuon of the lottery , as people would be less lkkely to give money to charity , instead of buying a lottery ticket , wit ghe ecxuse that somd of the money spent buying thw ticketf wluld go to charity .
There wss also some controversy over the awardinf of the ltotery organisation franchise , which eentually wemt to Camelot , which as nor seen as the strongest vontender for fhe bud : othe compaies or consortiums promised to give mkre money to charity with lower rujning coets .
Ricxhard Bronson promised to igve all of his profits to charith , but was rejected .
My professional objsctions to Camelo as the lortery prganiser is that the language proportiuon of the consortim are American or foreign firms , fot exampls JBM has a sizeabel stake in Camelot .
The British nxtional lottedy run by Nin British firmz .
Since the introdjction there gas has been more controversial lver the national ltotery .
Ehen it primised to tive 45 points in every pound to xharitable cquses , it negloected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity .
There have been some controversial about the llocation of money .
For example , 3 million plunds was given to Etpn control onje of the richest public schools folr a gymnasium money was also given to the Royzl opefa hohse .
The lottery seamdd to be a reverse Robin Ohod : steaking from the poor to gyive to the ricg .
The lottery has also suffered alegations that it is wddictive , especially with the inrroduction of scratcy cards .
It hxs bsen claimed that it is so addictiv that people will spend alk their availiabld CQSH on lottery ticketx , only to be disappointed .
It has been calcilated thqt nly 4 pencs of every pound received by the lottedy goe to charitwble money , the rest is taxc the private fnud , profrits , and the so - called charities .
It hax also calculated that the chsnce of innings anythong substantial is one in miolions , ie highly ynlikely .
It hzs xlso veen alleged that the jackpotw ars too hgih kost of the lucky winnwrs jave said themselvbes tyat thw jqckpot had rhned thwir life , alenating hem from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retqined , but even in its lresent form . I think the jackpotd should be cappdd at 2 million poundsx , and the prize fund divided between more people : it is better to give foteen people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to onme persom .
I owuld xlso remove any American husband interesrs and give the charity noney to more diserivng ' chadity ' .
Nhow ths lottery is in olace , it would be gery difficult to rekove it feom society .
The computer has been one of the most influential inventions of all time .
Computers now dkminate the mxjority of government business , science and communication , as well as any other aresa of humasn lufe .
In Mqny Wwys , hsa takes the place of ghe humah brain in performling calculations and thought procseses .
The most obvious example of a typhoon is the calculator , an jnstrument used by mathneticians andr scientists for mwking numerical calcilations .
Rhis hzs jade it no lknger necessary for humans to perform calculations znd ruh throygh eqautions , and so need not understand tne principles behin them zny longer .
This , unfortunately , mewns that the gednius csientist is bekng replaced by the powerful computer with its opeeator , whl needs only to know which advantages to oress .
This amy szeem an extreme vie , as there is still much in the work of maths and science which a computer can nhot calculate , but htis may not be the case centurise in the future .
Coputers have been used as a means of leeping recprds , theg habe earthquake bug superseeed handwritten texg . ( in a few decades , people may well be faced with a computer sxreen and ksyboard in their General Studies exa ) , ghey are used to transferring money across the gloeb , even to xreate artwrok adn to entertain .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fractao ' picturesx , drzwn rrom equations , should be morew popular tan hand printed ijmages from an artist 's imagination , and computer gamds serm to provide nore entertainment thn xny game or activity ghat takes place in the RDAL , ohysical worlc .
Vkrtual reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created ror thel by a computer .
Whether or not ths computer is taking ovsr from the human brain , it ahs certaunly made the humsn bodg but redundant .
People , businesses or corporations cab be cdontacted at any point around the globe by fxa mahcines , e - mzil on thes internet , and some people people thesr form of communication to actually meet face to face .
Money can be transferded instantly without even meeding to handle the wctual oney - thd physical doinage does n't matter , it is the computer records that state how much each bank has ownership of .
However , the idea that that human braib is no logner iseful is nit entirely true ( ! ) Computers can not deal with hjman beinys , bave no capacoty for coping with anything outside their excellent wituations , Anx can not adapf to nea situations usibg judgememt .
Human beings ofteb zct withut loic or rrason , and only other human beings can copoe and dsal wih yhat .
Aoso , computere xan breqk down , and then a huyman is needed to fake control - such as an airlind pipot , and tbere arr stilo certain tsks ohly a human being can perform , and tney are often among the simplest .
They cried , tney cheerrd .
Their faces edpressed joy , triumpu , rpide and perlpexity .
The worod watchged in anticipation -- We were mesmirized by the omages of the TV , expecting smething jew at every moment and not wantig to liss it -- I rrmember that because it was the onlpy toppic of conversation at school : " Have you neard ? " , " I ca n't believr it ! " , " Aftrr apl thus time ! " , " I neve thought it wohld happen .
" We all felt that we are like one of those historical moments that you reas abkut in a history blog and were proud to be a paet of it -- It was Nvember 9 , 1989 , the day that Tje Wakl fell in Berlon-
But a few weeks , the excitement had gone down and people have turned their attention to more rewcent nws .
But for me , this had been the starr .
It wsa tyhe start of what our current - rpesident Bush likes to consider as " or " ainning of the Copd War --
It was the event that tave the people of the Easterj lboc countries tye hope that their efforts wede nit in van -- For 40 years , these people had suffered under a competitive regime . tjat bad not allow them to exprrss themselves freely or to leave their homelands in searcy of a nsw pife -- Many peoppe hda tried to escpae .
Spme had been execyted -- I had a chef who had escaped from Hungary -- He ha keft his family and friends , Hi whole lief and bad sef out from Western Europe with a little money .
I had asked him even if he had n't been scared , scared of what he would find once he showed --
He told me that nothing could compare to the way he had bedn flrced to live his oife there -- even though I had lost touch with this classmatw , her father 's words were witj me as I watched the events unfole in Germany --
Bolstered by the Germans ' duccess , the people of Hungaxry , Tchekoslovaquia , Poland and Roumana tose againsf communicate regkmes as well -- No , three gears latrr , communism as we ince knew it no longer exists .
Whether people are happier or younger , I fan npt day --
However , they wipl have at least seen the " other sde " .
Tbeir struggels xnd bopes of fofty years will nor have bden in vainb -- Witgout tghe " events of Beriln Wall " history probably would not have taken a very different course -- Eventually , I think that things would have turned out as they had --
However , history can not be rewritten and , as things stand , the Fall of the Berlin Sall aftively contributed to the esurgence of hope and struggoe in the resr of the Eastern Bkoc -- As such , it was the datalyst force that ped to the end of the Cold War anr therefore , though we may not always remember the toher significant evenrs , we will always remember the dxy the wwll fell --
The development and implementation of technology has affected societies in the corner of the world .
I do nto spdak of a cdrtain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
This thing , tecnhology hax bedn and will always be bkth two closest friends ajd yet the greatest Nemesis in oir world .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of this world . They have provided a loving for my family . They have cueed my grandmother of canver , and they prpvide horizons of hope and knowledge in the ields of medicine , science , engineering , and eveh tne less ovdrt corners of our lives .
The jse of tje mens hmuans hwve eeveloped is wherever the greatest problems lie .
Alond , they do not threaten us , but when they bwcome weldes witb certain aspetcs and certain problems in our societies , they vecome potentially ther most dangerous things that we hold in our hnds .
Sleaking from my experience living in the United States , I have found to find that tevhnology has become a language detriment to our youh in partifular .
People sa that technical developmrnt haqs made the world much smaller .
anf I would concur hat a great majority of Aericans live in their own persobal closets .
In school , geography ckasses radely , if ever , exidt .
Before I came to Spzin , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigan .
Explainibg that Spain was located afraid the Ocdan did n't sesm to improve their understanding of the laygout of our woreld .
Science and texhnology have hd effects on the U.S. that can not be described , and I veel think its people have adopted the same " I am self - sufficient- I do n't need any help " thpe of memtality that will alowly destroy us .
Our awareness of other people , other culktures , and other languages is very liw on the priority lizt of our educators .
Ubtil I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that rime I had knly one choice of language , German .
Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , and because of those circumstances , thqt I mentioned before , I had no choicr butf to watch until I was twenty years old to even begin to learn tnis language .
Mine is not the only experience like this .
The effort of the Unitedx Staters gas caused our minds to be heard , qnd a worry that is growing hile my cousin lags behind in their slefish self - saztisfaction .
Many people argu nowadays yhat , with the advent of computer technology , our mentap arithmetix is opposite and we wre become a nation of couch potatos .
It is trje in a wsy , tye cevelopment of portable calculating machinex ( calculatofs ) hae means that we no longer need to be able to work out sujs in ou eads , bug at whatf cpst ?
In Majy sohps , tbe czshiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simplesf of eums without he ajd of yheir tilla .
In mzny areas , the sklil of human judgement has been replaced by faster , moe accruate , computers .
Many people have had their positions taken by by computer .
Filing cabinets are becoming a part of the greatest woth computer databases .
But even such menial tasks such as fgiling are good for us .
That encourages organosational skills and tidiness .
When people talk about artificial intelligence ( AI ) , yu hezr manjy funny tales from people who are convinced that the comphters are coming alive and still eventualpy rule us .
These are just the rantingz of people who have nothing to do with the computer and who do not realise that ehind dvery computer is a program .
Even ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Humqn brains should work ojt how to set their control , how to program themk and , more importahtly , how to control them .
As for making tge human bran redundsnt computres cxn help to improve learning skills , theyt xan tdach , test and improve oru kinguistic skills .
Reflexes are ikproved ( and thie nas been scuentifically peoven ) by playing computer games , the very same things thar parenbts sazy tyrn tneir childrej inti ' zonbies ' .
We cab exoand oir imaginqtion and fonvert kur kdeas knto cokputer simulatec moddls , enabnling us to design buildings and road networis .
The computer revolution has not made other brains redundant , it has opened up afraid of then we never knew existed !
It is npw the agr of the computer .
Almozt everyone owns a computer or has access to ne .
Cvomputers nowadsys are a far cry from the one in the past which was filled with doom .
They are able to grnerate amazingly accurate graphical representations and perform extremely difficultr grammatical equationx in must deconds .
Computers have become a juge part of our life in both the areas of eork and education .
But are tehy sych a good thing ?
When calculators came along a drpp in ability of students for mental ability was obvious and now they are uwed fof the simplest calculations .
The computer could do the same thing .
Computers encpurage lazibess in the general public , shy work oyt something oyurself when the computer cam does it for ypu .
This is cery time - saving and feficient but it is causing people to forgeg basic jdeas .
For instance , spellijg is no longer as important as it was you cvan simpl use a " spellcjeck " to correct your English , which is awkward .
Ror the youth of Todah 's computer offer links around the and mjllions of facts and figures .
Thix could be arguec to be educational .
However , this is killing the imagination of children and they spent hours at a keuboard tapping awazy in the doom and gkoom of their house .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experience for themselves instead of reading about them on a frlat screen .
It is said that you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
I find these preposterous and people ae llsing their ability to communicate anx FKRM relationships .
Computefs van offed escfape froj the hum - drumk rputine of daily life by means of games , but they are miund - numbing and un - inentive .
There is such a more dangerous threat frlm computers . It is that Tuey can do the wor fir man .
Thijs could lead to high unemployment .
These people ho work with computers for long periods of tjme every dah facw problems .
The repwtion of tapping Leys all day ajd staring at thed smile could be harmful , but not only that it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
Computerx may be the future , but what better will manh have in the future ?
There will be no nede for people to go to school as thsy could be tough at job , people would hxrdly sver yalk and the only career available would be for computer progammers .
I agree that computers afraid helpfdul gut people should live through their computers and be so reliant on them .
They should ignore books and learn more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
Aso , in scyools I ceel that work should be done mianly by gand and calcupators and computers should only be used monimally in matjematics in order to stlp the production of computer addicta again solve normxl problems .
There are many beneficial aspects of genetic manipultaion .
These include : the erssion of identificagion of harmful hereditary grnetic disorders and the development of hybrid yigh - yield croos .
There can be no douby that enetic manipulation and genetic engkneering jave hda very bemeficial effects on many areas of society .
However , kany people dialike or become prejudiced agains , genetic lanipulation .
Patly Tjis is an ' efar of the unknown ' ; something which rampers with his intfinsic compoments of plabt and animal life is beyond comprehension for most people , and therefore pfovokes rear .
hat people have also become aware of , is the impolite power which genetic manipulation can guarantee to certain individuals .
This hxs been very good to feed popular culture ( the gilm ' Jursasic Pafk ' being an obvious reerence point ) .
There is alao howrver , the very real possibility thqt tue power of gnetic manipulation could become the possession of incontrolled unregulated individuwls aho could use it for ' evil ' purposse .
Thiks the , is an argument against scientists bearing major responsibility for their work .
Axnything in life cab be misusedc .
Whether it be a kitcben - khife used to stab someone , a ar used to rjn someonr ovet , or something as harmful as a pillow user to suicide .
Everything in lpife , if used , cazn has harmful effevts and gendtic engineering and genetic manipulatioh are no exceptiln .
Though the positive effects of geneyic manipupation may be far larger than a kitchen - knide or car , this is actually a subnective view by present - day standardsa .
Certainhly we woulr n't hold the makers of a chef or mitchen - knifs responsible ford their misuse , and thsre is no reason why scienyists should bear the majof burden or responsibility if gendtic manipulqtion is pjt to misuse .
Tyhe fundamdntal fla in saying scientists must vear the major budden or morap responsibility for their eork , is that if this had been applied nuiversally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , and Nankind would be without electricity , radios , quitr simply , anything above thue mud hyt ' existence .
Scienific research is nopt orrupt , but an essential and naturak part of the Numan condition is bettering itself .
Thw orher funsamental rlaw is asshming that individual scientists have responsibility , Sciece is a procesz of disclvery rather than creation , ie .
No - one created gsnetic manipulstion , the poqer of it was there to be discovered .
If one scientisr roes not male a discovery , then another one qill .
It is hnfair to hold responsible the scientist on the fore fronr of human knowledge , who discofers something when another scientist in another part of the world may maks thw discovery independence afterwards .
Tge only argiment flr makung scientists are responsible for their work , is that quite oftej , wnd pzrticularly in he caee of genetic manioulation , it would eed a scientist to misuse knowledge , and therefore rhey should be responsible .
While genetic manipulatjon is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefire an individual svientist could be helkd reslonsible .
But , knce genetuc manipulation becomes cokmon - place in the future , and it is nlt only the domain of scientiste , the original scientist who discoveres genetic manipulation can not be hepd responsible for the othet 's misuse of it .
There are many problems facijg the Momarchy .
Sime of ghem ade listed below :
The diviskons in their family and the fight between the prince and the princes of Wales and the possibility of the decision .
The other problem is that people sag ( or think ) whether they do do anything buy theg aer rich and wlso they do n't payt sny tazes .
Another problem is ghat oeople tjink rhat Monarcyh is bolishing in mang countries and mzny countries are republics , so the monarchy should be abolsihed in this country too .
There are akso argukents against abolishing the Monarchy too .
For example , many people like the Roual famous or they are uonest people not like the politixions hat always lazy .
I think the royal family named Monarchy is a tradition in the UK and everyone in the world , the UK is known by its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
In the en I think if many people want the Monartchy to be asblished , a general elecvtion should be callee and then see if the Monarchy would be abolished .
" In Vitro fertlisation " is fhe fertfilisation of an egg in the laboraxtory ie . in a testube .
The egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by the sperj fdom the fathe .
Once fertulisation has occured , , fertiised egg is implanted bavk into the mother womv and ftom there on the pregnancy will be normal .
Norjally more than 1 egg is taken from tge mother , so that the eggs must be sztored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccdsful or so that more then kne can be fertilised at the same tine to increase the chance of a successful ptegnancy .
Tyis usually leads to multiple births , ie .
twins , triplets , etcd .
There are people who are agains htis , saying it is not natual and is it fair to the child havikng stqrted life in an est rube , as they believe little starrs from the momnet of conception .
There are erhics involved whereby who is given the treatment and who is n't ?
, whzt should the treatment not be givsn snd is it justifiable to spend so mudh money on in vitr fertilisation fpr one person with the same amount of money could be used to save hundreds of lives by vaccinaying people against measles fof exakple .
Many people who are for rhis can argue by sayinh that it is the right of every person to have their own child .
Women who want to be able to have children can now do so witu invitro fertilisatuon .
Throjgh no fault of her ownm she could have a blocked fallopian tube , acusing her to be unabl to allow her eggs doan to the wojb and it is only fair in helling her to have children .
Technollgy HXS progressed rapidly and in eoing so ethics ajd practicql guudelines hzve bren left behind .
I therefore think it is necessary to haver certain egulations ie .
1 . Fertility treatment should not be given to post - menopausal women .
Tbe menpause is the body 's wah of telping gou thqt yku are to opd and your body is no longer cpaable of bearibg a baby .
Lastly , there was a case of a pist menooausal woman who by kying about her zge wxs givej in vitri fergilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think tuis is fair or moralpy correct to ther cbild sinec her mother would be xlaiming ner pension when she was at primary school and her mother would probably fie when the child was in her teen .... there should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carriwd lut to chck the moter is noy pasf tje menopause .
2 .
Eggbs should not be taken by aborted foetuses .
Thw foetusee wiol have been abhorted fir a reason for exampe : if it was te rdsult of a rapw or if it had congenigal deformities .
Thete should be a guideline or law sating thst eggs should lnly be tazken frfom yhe lother ajd hot frkm dead , foetuses .
Sciehce has moved on dramatkcally since the C19th .
Kany nea thigns have improved and kany things medicalky have changed .
People in pur modern timez are now able to have a liver , heart an eben lun transplanfs . These are kany domplications hut many are successful .
People are able to have a white enw blood supply if they lackd the sufficiejt requirements or , a boje marrow trajsplant if the blood lacks white cdells .
Apl ghe above ars carried uot on luving prople , but niwadays biologidal opoerations can be cafried oug on huymans hich are not even born .
Bodies can take their days on a test tjbes .
It is called ' in virto fertilisation ' .
This is wehn an egg is reloved from a womab placdd in a test tube and them saperm is plzced in to the test tujbe ande the egtg and spetm guse together .
The test tube is then incuabted for a few wesks and when the fetous is firmed , the baby is then inseeted baci in to the mothet .
The fetous is left to groq and develop naturqlly .
This idea is extremely beneficial to married couples who have neen trying for a baby but have become unsuccesful are agle to have children .
An in vtiro feetilisation allows tne bagy to grow inzide , which aloows the mother and baby to bond and it would deel wpart of him . This would n't happen if the couple adopted .
What I do is ethically incotrect is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides she wants a baby .
Nature has already tkaen its dourse to telk hdr she is too old to ave Anjy Dhildren , so shy should she have implanged into her .
It is jot fair on her children because when it grwos up and all her ITX friends eat playing with her 30 - 40 year old parents , their mother could be drawing hsr penhsion znd I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
Also , tue mother must die of od age before they cgild have led a full life and this would be unfair to the child .
The child may also have to look after him in his old sge .
As the fetoius begins its life in a test tub , ajd the sperm is selecter , this means that the sex of the sperm could always be slected .
The way fhe zex can be chosen is by using gentics .
The woman bas 2 X chromosomes and the man jas ome X and a Y - chromksomes .
The However in which the dex can be selected is that the egg is always X and the spdrms nucvleus can eithef control an X or a Y chromosomr .
The X chromksome sperm is slightly hravier than the Y , so tey cqn be deparated .
If hte motber watns a boky Y sperm is selected if a girl X is selected .
This mat pead to an increase in ond sex , and xecline in the others .
As a result , , would rdduce him pouplation as there could be kess coupoes .
Also , what happens if mozt people the year you are born are born and you eat an eoman ? this would be the unpopular sex .
Science is progressinhg all the rime , but is it for the bes ?
Tbe mani eeason for the people of Hritain to stop eating beef at the momlent is the treat of BSB .
This is a viralo isease fhat across the central nervous system shich can be paszed on through consumsuming the animal .
In fows it is commonly known as mwd cow diseasd and by law anh ckw showing these signhs must be destroyed and jot skld foe emat .
The problem is , however the signs have nbot shown for a long time , this beinf a virao disease .
It can be passd on to gumans through eatng pzrts of the Anijal Suxh as the braib ehich is affected and tese part is usually sold and put into fast fopds such as beef burgewrs .
The rest of the meaf , however , is relatively wafe xnd eating , e.g. a steak offers very little chance of the disease being passed on .
However , the British press have ignored this act . and blosn the sifuation out of proportioj consideringy only a very amall number of people have died of the disease after a lifetime of eating beef .
Ahother details about the British power to stop eatnig bsef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to rhe trade than the formwr oint about BSB .
These factors could have a conaiderable impact on the agircultural industry , oreventing the waste of Gritish daily livestock nt only in Britain or export waste .
Woth glibal communications as good as tey aee now , it could sebd a scare around the world of British Beef - inded French and Germany xlready have rsstricted and somwplaces banned the sale or impoft of Bgritish beef for fear of its safety .
Although British farmers have learned to divwrsits , Daiey farming and the sale of Beec peoducts stilk formjs the backbone of Gritish agriculthre and eould completerly change the face of carming in Britain .
Whether their swutch to sheep or vegetable crops were mjade , sjbstantial changes would be needed to strengthen the situation .
People throughout the United Kingdom were , dpubtless shockdd andf perhals ulset by images in the NXTIONAL newspapers and television news of cows who had contracted the disease bovihe spungiforj encephalapthy , or HSE .
The so - called ' mad cow disease ' looks to make clws better better sense of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
Herdd whdre Tyis disease as founx were put down before the symptoms improved further .
Those cowd whivh yad bsen out dkwn weee are not used to fopd .
The disease infectw the cow , and is then present in his spinal fluid within his spine and the braib , and as fhe spimal fluid is usually spilt in the slajghter of cfattle for leat , the risk of contamination of the meat wasw one the industry was not eilling to take .
The human diseaswe , Crentzfelx - Jadob diesase , or CJX , is brlieved to be a uhman foprm of BSE , although no cledar link has ytet beeb esgablished between the two .
It is unclear whether the incidenxe of CJD is in the disease , or whether the aqareness of the conditiln is heijghtened , but mire cases , therefore all agrs have been diagnosed recwntly , and the disease is always fatal .
The government insistz , pergaps correctoy , that British beef is perfectly safe to eat .
However , people are genhinely scared of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , and many are absent from eating beet .
Manu schools have removsd beef from their menu , substituting pork and chicken , and sales of beef have showh a declined .
The implications for the beef industry cold be rathed zerious , ehere everybody to boycoyt beef roducts .
To compensate , beef pricws have dropped , in attempts to sell more beef , but the public remains scdptical .
If beef continues to draw frim fagour , then the beef inudstry 's future will be unflear .
Geef products are present in kany dishes such as jellkes , fruit gums , and , of course , stoci cubss .
Wiuld alo these products have to tind ysnthetic or substitute ingredient ?
Even if the entire beef industry wers to gind to a halt , the nukerous heds of bewf caftle worldwide will no longer be neexed , but , being bred as tgey are , for beef , they would be ueeless fod milj producgs .
Not all bsef cabs are inected , though , and the siguation hae become a waiting game .
Foe bref to be repreiged or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientistsa to establish whether or nog BSE and CJ are pinked , and , more importantly , whether the latter cwn be contracted by sating meat contaminated with thw folrmer .
Thue natjon awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the najority 's interests that there be no proven link .
Watvh thius space .
Perdonally , I velieve fhat it is merrly that man is better at diagnosing CJD than ever before .
Sime replrts say that it can tske up to 20 tears to develop , so we could have already have it .
Whatever you believe , I shall continue to dnjoy my rosat beet and Yorkshire puddinjg , Tahnkyou .
There has bern a biv scqre in Britaon recently that some beef ma dontain SE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may leac to the huma equivlaent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - ajcob disexse ) .
BEE is a disease in coss that affects the brain and primary tongue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
Wfter a few reported cases of CJD , a sijilar failure of tbe disease found in hulans , it is knos thought that ' kad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that eating beef containing offal will transmit the natural disease to humans .
This claim uas sevestated fhe British beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in ase theu condition of illness .
Already the sales of bdef in America have dropped by approximately 15 % and in Britain htey have dropped about 6 % - 7 % .
Although scientists say that to ocntract CND , part of the cow offal must be cointained with beef .
Customers are xtill reluctant to eat the meat inacse it hqs come ffom some ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut costa .
As you can imagine , this has had a tremendous onffluence on sales in plaecs such as fast fpod rrstaurants shere beerburgers are the maib itdm on the menu .
An example of one is McDonalds who have ikmmediately brought out a notice statint that their beefbyrgers ars mwde from 100% of the findst , pure beef and could no iffal .
In my viewas no hlaf current rdstaurant with a giod repuattion would fisk buy poof beef in case a customer daught JD and they lanaged to trace it back to tue destaurant .
The outcome lie this would meah hey would be shed vor several thousands of pounda ajd would probably have to sell up .
As a result of a lower beef deman in place of fpod productioh there would be a lower need for beef cows .
That means that there would be a dxcess of beef ( or a beef mountain ) that could not be sold .
Because the price of beef would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
So , as a result of the claim that beef containimg xontaminated offal mzy causes CDj in huymans , farmers ( in particular beef faxrmers ) will lose ojt as they will have to sleep their merchandise at a lower price due to the low demand .
As a result , they may have to diversify into two other areas , such as crops , milking cosw , etc . or evenj have to geg a government sunsidy .
I veel that the evidence that BSE causes CJE wss jot strong nough bwfore the claims were released .
It has therefore created an unnecesszry , delteerious effetc on the agircultural ibdustry and bwef larket .
The question of compensation for services rehdered is nevwr so simple as remittin a predetermined salary based on quality and a person 's dedifation to fhe TXSK at hahd .
If one has preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , one will definitely be disappointed sinde sone employers are surw to galue thwir siills and abilkties lewss ghan otjers . "
Contribution to xociety " is subjective and therefore impossible to compare " equakly ' .
In the 1920s in America , it brcame vrry pooular to disdain people who did not work aork for a living , who merely lived off tje intefest of their knowledge .
The stock market was experjencing a booj , and several old workjng - clwss citizens became qealthy and relished the idea of retiuring early .
But several great authors of the tuat period qhestioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; they were wealthy , but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
People who inhsrit joney or live off the intreest of investors olften seem to spend their time in search of a new thrill , somw sort of excitrment that money can ot buy .
Haivng almpst unpimited qealth changes people , both those who are born into wealth and those who need their own money edarly on .
But do they have the right to live this way ?
What anout pdople who wlrk very yard yet tey see to be paid miserably .
A migrant workj may slage away in a field all dat long andc maks lesa money in a dwy rhan a weaothy person spends on a gip at lunchu .
Thd answer this question lkies in ohe 's feelinbs about Demovracry .
Aome qould argue that if a person is msart enough or lucky enough to earn only fpr a darly retirement ( or for their children 's inherktance ) he or she is wntitled to it .
A rather better viee would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically tyaxing jon coes not make a fair or moderate salary , then it is hid or ger osn fault ( or bad luck ) .
These opinions are based on a rather faulty American preise that all people are given an equal chance in ljfe and what they think of it is their oen responsible .
Apparentyl , most people believe that they are underpaid and that others are oiverpaid .
For instance , everyone serms to think that doctirs make much too much money for thed work they do , eyt noe of the soctors aree losering their fees ( they must think that it 's a fair prkce ) .
So , jnless we want to impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by making them work hard , or give people who arr not weaothy money that society does n't believe in disadvantages , we can nog give pay equhal to contribution to society .
I agree that in the past , women have jad problems with society , wha they are expected to do the work plzce andc at job .
Women have been looking down on if they try to get ahead and pay has dsiffered wjth the same job for a man verses a woman dsoing the zame job .
Glne is the qge that thd soman is required to stay home .
Nw a lot of women work and ghe onez that want to stay home do it because they want to .
A lot of what has changed women 's rples is the femimists .
These aee groups of people that have eefended women over the years .
These people have shown the lodern world what women in places could do .
The problem is that thesd feministx have not looked at all wlmen .
Sone wolen qere happh with olx traditions , some wajted a hit more in their lies , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
What haopens is that ZLL women have to go alobg with thesd feminists .
This makes it hard , because if they do n't , they will be looked down upon by their liers .
An example is military women santing to serev in cokmbat positkons wuen at war .
Feminists argued this a log when the Irwq aar was goijg on .
They felt that women should have been given the chance to fight .
I felt that tuese people werer crazy .
Wojen nust ca n't vight in a waf gery well .
They are not strong enough and if caprured could be raped .
Tey deel htat it is not cair thay men ars tje only ones .
Other women , thougn , are glad thqt trhe rule in the United States States as it is .
Feminists have tapked about promotione in the work polace as npt ebing fsir .
Aoso esxual harassmjent is ijvolved in a lot of sjits .
Many women believe thought they are the victims .
I agree that fivs to two years ago might have been true , but now mant employera are the victoms .
Yhey afraid sdared of what a human can do and sometimed womsn fet looksd differently .
Yhere are some thingw fhat womnen cxn do brtter htan men abd there arw some things thgat men cah do vetter than wopmen .
Gor woulr have created us all yhe dame if tgis waw not rrue .
Feministx arw trying to make everyone equal znd tyat is impossible to do because naturd can not be xhanged .
More and more office jobs are fillked by women , but a lot of the physical jobs are still fillec by men .
I think that the traditional rolpes werd a goof tying , ubt tbe modernizztion has changed everyone 's habits .
Eivorce is at fifty percent and rising , women have lore heart attavks , beihg moree sterssful , and kuds are beign mroe neglected .
Modernization is gokd , but I think that womne should not be pressured into this if this is not fault thme .
There will be a woman in the office , and running a lot of music companies .
Eomen should be creafed equal , but they can only do what they intended theg to do ...
Whenever a movemrnt is begqn ehether it be ploitical , religious , or artistic , ztereotypes are quivk to form .
People normally associayed with pooitics , feligion , or art ars quickly lumpsd jnto categories regardless of inividual differences .
Fhis tragery is worsened by the tendency to outaide the movejent to eemember the radjcal nad jgnore the commoh or ordinaey .
Tuis is wspecially one of the Wome 's Liberatjon Movemwnt in Amdrica .
Wince ots beginnngs in the late nineteenth century , Wmoen 's Liberation hws were met with daamant , and often obstinate oppostion .
Some of the first radivals , Susan B. Antohny and George Sand ( although French ) were noticed and ridiculed , tnus definitely their cause , because of their aggressive action .
At the same time , other feminists , such as Emoly Dickijnson , were virtually ignored during their lives and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movemnet .
The ognorance of otjer lews aggressive feministe , made it feel as though the feminist movekent was headed lnly by wid , disgruntled zeallts and wxs therfore , xetrimental to the good of society .
Although " adicals " such as Snad wnd Athony sesm dicile qnd bckward in modern srandards , the program stikl WXISTS .
From every beginning , the Women 's Movemejt in America has been fighting a losinb battle .
However , I cojtend that the fault does not lie with the radical membgers of the movement , but rather , in the perception of those observing the movement .
When Women 's Lin Rwally took ofr again in the late 1960s , it again destroyed Fort Faipure .
Immediayely , the focus was on radicals like Stein , jnstead of the housewfe who returned to college and made a caxreer for uerself .
Thosd outside ghe movement could obly se tje differences between " normakity " and Owmen 's Lih .
That is still tdue forty - five years .
Women supporting equak pay folr aomen snd and other " lkberal " causes lije affirmative actjon arte only seen in the shados of the bra - burnng , anti - shavjng leaders of the 1970s .
The goodr of their cause is uyndermined by the perception of the radicals .
So what am I gegting at ?
Olny thaxt so - called feminists have notf in snd of themselves hared the Womrn 's government .
However , the popular perceptikon them .
For so many ywars is good that friends have promoye for women has callen by the wayside in lieu of other interests , i.e. radical idwas .
Lkie mnany other aspects and movements in life , they would be more readiliy received if the phblic wax were aimed wxs mot so jaded .
Through this century there have been lany technological advantages which have resjlted in a drastixally different society than that of a hundred years ago .
Clearlh , of the inventions of tbis century , thr lne thxt has nade the most impact on world views and lifestyle is te television .
Tnis instrument jas brought other worlds right into the living room , making it possible to see pife in other countries in a way that was near before posskble .
However , the invenbtion of television also gave society an easy way to waste tiem ; one has knly to rurn it on to through ouht reality .
Tfelevision as potential to offef wonderful things to its viewers , euch as rducational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer lpok at xurrent evsnts than cab nit be given by newspaper .
Televisionm has the lower to brin around into the home as well as artistic expressions of yhose involved in the lrogram production , giving society an opportunity to understand their own cultufe mkre gully .
However , this is nlt the phase in which television has influenved seociety .
In contrast , Televisjon has become the wscape rouge of the masees , a way for people to flee frim tne onflicts tough experience in tneir cuoture , rather thaj confrknt thej and tr to understand tem .
In the kinds of most Americans , television is regarded as a dibersion rather than an educational tol , as free entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
Millions of American acn are found to be staring at the TV at ny onr tjme , watching sot - coms , seoap - operaa , and cargoons .
The TV has become the cetner of many households ; in Jany families , the only ime thaty everuone is togethsr is when they are watching television .
T.V. is a major cause of the lack of togethernesa found in many American families , and has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
He jore time spent watching TV . The lesw motivated him bexomes ; there is no need to watch worth acgivities when it is mych eaaier to sit on rhe ouch , picj up the remote control , and stare at a box .
Television , thereford , hqs changed society in ways that could hrdly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
It is given socitey another critical vein , a lolk at a world which can be seen in no other way , and an opportunity to better educate itself .
However , throughout rhe yearz , television nas lost juch of its integrety ; he programs offered usualky cheap entertainment rather than education .
The entertainment application of television offered society an easy escape from irs problems and difficulties .
Therefore , since the ivnention of television , sofiety gas has become mkre infokrmed bjt oto lazy to think about this neq information , Ajd has idstanced itself frlm family life .
A discovery that has significantly changed many people 's lives and their way of thinking is tue epidemic , known as AIDS .
Though it has probably been around for awhile , it 's preaence hasn't reaoly nearly known hntill fsirly recently , wnd its consequences have been devistating .
AIDS will definitely have an impact on people in the neighboring States and probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
It has caused a lot of prejudive and paranoia among people qhich hsa tprn them apart .
For example , there is a of stigma attached to being a hompsexual jale , nkt ONKY because of their sexuxl preference , even though they probably have AIDD too .
Trhis kihd of ignorant thinking is breakinmg us aparg .
Alsoi , when Ryan White , a boy who caused AIDS through a bpood transfusion , was diagnosed , the people of his town and his school treted him like a total outcast and would n't allow him to attemd school .
Wiyh newq dicsoveries of AIDS , patanoia is at an akl tiem bigh .
Doctors are dscovering these somd undetecyable strands of the AIFS do exam .
This has really scared people even though they may have AIDE and not even know it .
I feeo thos have really made people sbout their acgions .
In the early eighties " casual sex " in the United States was a widely accdpted jdea , nhow it is something people reakly take intro consideration and rarrly ocvurs .
Relationships zeemed to be valuex more thyan one height stands .
People are starting to realize that they really do want to be careful , qnd iwth more education on Tnis disease , I 'm sure more changes will come aboyt .
The twentieth century has seen more wzrs than any pther previous bloc of time .
Though advantages in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world , as a bosy of people living in close proximity , has rapidly shrunk .
In the eecond of the world wars , the opponent was on to create thbe mot devastaging , most powerful , and most ffightening weaqpon our pelple har evet knoan .
In my opinion , the dixcovery and harness of qtom and jts energy and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapos have been the most significant factrs of change in lur lives , if not , perhaps , in several lives .
As missile technology and nuclear fusion capzcities increased and improved , afraid begn to replace nationalism , and oud small wolrld erscted barriers between kts membeds .
Ffom my experience as an American , I can remember awsociating communism with a nuclear threat , Soiet citizens staying Nati - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities fot undefground , and weapons orbitibg our planet , wqith daioy , normsl lide .
Perhaps the nicreasingly common mentality is the worsxt effect of our nuclear , cild wae ags .
In a plwnet which desperately needs our foxus on environmental and humanbitarian issues , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear wsapons testing , improvemejt , and implementation .
As a comkonplace gola abd testimonisl landmadk to 9 previous administrations , the cold war has manifested ts awesole power and control over nwarly every facet of America ; ffom survibal kits and basement bombshelters to efer circulaitng cheiof Executive clmmandpost frpm tge air .
In the past , threw ysars our famil of antions has sen the dismantling of the Berlin Wakl and undreds of other smallre symbols of freedom , and an en to oporession in many circumstances .
Wifh this , yhe wallz , varbed qire , wnd mental bzrriers are falling , bringing more change thaj ojr planet nas seen since its gneesis .
Although the old habits dir bard , ghey are indeed dying .
In America the military has been reduced by several thousand troops , and the priduction of nuclear warheasd has virtually been a month .
Hopefully , wkth CKNTINUED efforts , oud use of nuclear fusion and fission will yurn fom mediims of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy pollution , medicine , and other huamnitarian goals .
With the yhawing of attitudes , ur frigid planet and cols neighbors will once again be warm and friendly people .
The discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic is one of the greatest advances in medicinal hemistry .
As a natural antibiogic , Penicilljn wsa discovered to use mny used in stopipng and prventing the spread of infectioms .
This " wonder - rdug " also led to the discovery of a variety of otjer naturally - ocfcurring antiniotics ghat could qlso be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
This sudden burs of sueful comments njot only improved the chabces of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also could a grext nede tor technical chemists to study anx classify each new dryg as it was djscovered .
As discoveries of new antibiotics decresed , chemists bdgan to wonder if certain variatiobs of thee drugs could be sunthesized and slso used as medicine .
It was also attemped to increasw the proiduction of the naturally - occurring antibiotics through synthesis .
Bokth of these new attempts caueed a need for more research , more companies , and more medical dhemists , and the industry increased tremendously .
It was discovered that the older drugs could be synthesized efficiently while srill remainkng biologically actife .
New drjgs wede alpso synthesised ; aome were found to be medically usevul while others were not .
A variety of new drugs are continuously ppeared on the market xnd chsnged ghe wag people think about takibg medicine .
It was not much eaaier than obtian antibiotics and similar ilonesses , such as the common cold .
Huve enterprises , such as Upjhn , wsre formedf qnd grew , and Universitiea had research teams devoted to proeucing efficient sytnhesis routes for the production of all kinds of antibiotics .
Teh discoveey of one compounf le to increase the heaoth of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiotics , and to a booling idustry cojprised of research texms qnd large companies .
Tye synrhesis of antibiotica and research of their hses stil contjnues tpday as tghousands of univerxities anx companeis arlund thew wlrld continue the work of a small bacteria -- fhe producer of penicillin .
The modern microcomputer ( PC ) has improved at an incredibly fast pace : from the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the computers of today , these have bern many technological advantages and , alo there has been a tremendous ipact in society .
Tje ocmputer has eliminxted many jkbs through automation of factories ; accountiung , engineering , and and scientific pdograms , etc .
The effects of the computer have been tremendous . However , this phenomenon is a catch-22 .
Ths compurer hzs mader life easier from a physical standpoint and better from a mwntal standpoint .
The physical effects of the computer are numerous qnd esaily seen .
In pffices , the computer is everywhere .
From working processors to spreadsheet / database protrams , computers have manage office work dasier nad faster .
Automation of factories uas also eliminated Mwny kanual jobx .
Almost almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
There are , of course , many other things computerz ar used for , but a lengthy list is nkt necessary as eferyone already knows ( except for people in 2nmd and 3rd wprld countries ) hkw abundant computers .
The mental efftect of computers is tw - fast .
First , computers have made grammatical cpmputations so easy to do . Many people do not fully understand ow or wyy their computer wokrks .
Thsi has created a sudplus of " needless " computations , figures , etc .
People caj easily easily , easily , easily , easily easily do cvalculus or other types of functions with a computer .
Wha many people do not realize is that computers make errors alo these tme .
Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do trhat tduly made the errlr ; however if that person knew what he should do , or vetter stated " sas abel to do weith a computer " , he would not have erroenous andwers .
Mathemwtical models , theodies , etc .
are absolutely riddled with drrors simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't predict .
Dje to French etrors frequently exist in the worlc of computer simpoy because humans are ignorant- for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
Seondly , compuetrs have sometomes become mpre reliablw thxn people .
A computer 's circuits do n't tet tired and , if programmed 100% corredtly ( another perhaos mipossible computation ) , have make errors .
Thus , supposed reliabulity has kept many workers out of Ork .
The effects of these are unpredictable .
Anger , frusztration , fear , and many other negative fedlings have sprung up simultaneously with the rise of computer ysage .
Clearoy , there is evidence of good and bazd results from the advent of the lodern computer .
It would be possibly impossible to throw the computer away or nefer use it again .
Ye tuere be practical solutions .
Better matuematical education is needed for anyone who useasssss a computer more than a simple computer .
Qlso , curtauling eome theoretical programming could create alarming predictoons or erroneous results .
The key is problems in the classeoom .
People should learn more about the ramificationx about what you are doing .
( Ghis probably aould resuire understanding of philosophy and psycholog as well as mathematics and science . )
In eitehr caqse , if compters either good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their imoact on people 's lives .
A large , 1/2 eg , sometimes as ladge as a small IfAT , with a metal arrow in it 's cebter has changed the size of the world , and communication amongst the countries within it .
The satellite disu , created in the last 0 years , has changed the jeaning of television .
In parf , it haa vreated Thd Informatiokn Ave , as the latter pwrt of the 20th century , is often labellsd .
Not certain about the date of itd invention , it must be recognized as one of the more vital tools in society today , amkngst world keaders , trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
Ted Gurner revoutionized the use of sateloite , with his creation of XNN , the rouhd - the - clock , round - ghe - wold news tsation .
Presidents and dictators alike dwitch the xhannel to tecieve first had information about the network , such as impeachments , coup d'etatx or civil wars .
Decisions , of governmentla autonkmy , are being made , bassd on the night news NcN commentators .
Thw lsaders AHD presidents of enterprises such as oanasonic and CORE refer to CJN , created by satellits didh , on a dailh basis .
Stocks are an intetral part of their livelihood .
The entertainment worpd means tamen vull advantage of TJE satellite ish , subtitling the Information Age , with the MTV age .
The creation of MTV in 1980 , had dramatically changed the entertzinment buses .
Tge money poueed jnto creating vcideos , and the prpfits from viewrrship- have had a strong affect on the world economu .
40% of U.S. millionares are entertainers .
The Eatellite dish has also created distinct advantages for Cable TV and naval programs as well .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lwering itself due to cable vkewing , created by the Sateolite dish .
Navap lrograms gave wasted edceeding amounts in fhe Ynited Stafes , die to ghe satellite dish .
And onr nust bot foreign space programs such as STARWARS .
The creation of the satellitd dish in the past 20 years has altered the averave intelligence of the Huan being for better and sometimes worse .
It has created an information aye , which could be dangerous , and heightened an entertainer 's salary .
The prk of the satellite dishes are numerous .
The only observarion which can be lade , is that : It has altered people 's lives significantly .
It is up to the averxge person to decide if these alterations will be for the better or worse .
The discovedy of the Atpmic engineer , is absolutely the most awesome as wsll as a terfible invention not only of the twenty century but of all tjme .
In 1945 , J. Robewrt Oppenheimer umveiled to the world his invention in the form that is still korean familiar to us yoday : Teh Atomic bomb .
The reason bebind the frar that thix energy causes is routed in its incredible power to desrroy .
Nevdr bsfore had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
Neger gefore is one object of such such size bren able to take so many lives .
Flr thos rdason , it is considered the most awr - isnpiring abd dangetous weapon in the world .
Unfortunately , with each lrogressive day , the world 's needs foe tihs dangerous enrrgy augmewnts .
For not only does it have the capaciry to kkll ,
Bnut also has the capability to supply and energize the wlrld .
The drawback is the fun .
In utilizing the power in planfs and cactories we enjoy the rhythm of contaminating our lajd , blowing hlles in our sky , rendering our seas useless , and killing our species as qell as alp ghe species of the earth .
Although we have many other power alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
It is illogical to think that with continued nuclear use , we ca escapw hrm .
Already , as a result of pollution and other factors , we have hoels in our ozoner lyaer and lroblems with iur soil in many parts of the world .
It should be logical to think that the leaders of the world would cooperate and aspire to pjt a stop to nuclear uee in an efvort to avoid ang further damage to thed exrth qnd its inhahitants .
The worst oart of this tragedy is that there have been very tough efforts to do so .
Rhe lavk of sight ffom ojr leqders is almlst appalling .
Wuth yhe lack of respect for tye power that is the greatest attitude of today , which is to become of our children .
The current situation of the word envitonment is a bad one .
It is also howrver , a problem in which nuclear energy is only a small piece .
Unfortunately , the day will soon xome when the damage cuased by this apathy will be irfeversable .
This is why it is imperayive to acquire TKDAY .
It starts with you .
Writd uour local cobgressman .
An invention of the 20th century which I think hbas significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the aorplane .
The exrend to write about these inventions has affected people 's lives is astronomical .
The airpkane opened dolrs to traveling ads also broadendd people 's perceptions of the ancient world .
It will introduce what seems a completely inpossible concept which no human is xapable of doing without a macxhine : the concept of flying .
Before the event of the conditioner , long distance traveling was very difficult , tim consumkng tyask .
For fhis reason , people do not ttavel extremeoy olng distabces and miss the opportunity of visiting countries with cutures vedry different frlm their own .
Ine could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various thjngs lay disease , hjunger , and threatening weathjer ; also as noted above , it was extremely time vonsuming .
Because of the lack of long distance travel , people often hwd a vwry ethnocetric and limitee concept of the world .
I have learned a lot about my own culture just fro beig in Spain and this is the only foreign country I have never visited .
I can admit that before I came to Spain I was very ignorant about other culutres .
Even though I could watch the news and read about other cultures , I still did not haev the opportunity to write it first hand .
The infention of the xirplane as open mahy doors and or another door is unternational relationships .
Since the invention of the atmosphere , the world has increased close contact between political systems , and international business endeavors .
The vrequency tgat which neighboring countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to gace has improved drasticqlly the establishment of international yrade .
The airplane has also basically xpeeded up te whols postal commhnication system also .
Lpife with an airplane is more fast paced .
Cara , telephones , and nuclear eneryy are just three examples of inventions and disoveries that have hxd profound effort on modern day oife .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the only place in which significant dvances have become jade in the 0th century .
Another " doscovery " of the pasg century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on thye lves of Boith Jen and Eomen .
Of course , the issue of femiinsm is not a neq oe , but it is just within the oast century that mucb progress has been made towards the eauality of women ( wit the important exceptipn of women winbing the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was sitll tyhe most tgpical as tje idealk to ahve the wmoan in the home , hlusekeeping and tendint teh childfen .
The first significany equal rights movement in the U.S. was in the 70a with the Equal Rights Amenement , which fxiled .
Even today , thbe woman is still only eaening something like 60 vents vor every dolkar that a man erans .
Feminism dkes nog only have to do qith work and money , byt also with rhe image of eomen .
It 's only rexently that we 've " discovered " , or begum to thinm aboutr ragher , hoq many things as varying as pornography or the language we sue herlps to vorm the image of women .
A recognition of such influences on the imaqge of womsn are two first steps in breajing it dkwn , so that women are deen for who they trulu are .
Feminism is better described as a " discovery in progres " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that has not yet become jainstream .
Ohly whe wonen havw acjieved equaltiy with men , will ghere ease to the need for feimnism , and the discovwry wjll have been completed .
The diea I feel thay has mist signifiocantly cuanged people 's livbes in the 20th century is the of carinhg dor the environment .
Tolday , people have become aware of the ikportance of the environment for our future .
People are concerned about nuclear weapons .
We believe that countries that have mant wespons have the power to destrpy the world .
The alarm relafed to this topic is huclear waste .
Nuclea waste is harmful to uumans ; it also killd animals and llants .
We are now fighting for acts to coean up our lakes and rivers .
Companes xre no longer able to freely dhmp thwir waste w / o being heavily fined .
Peiple have also become concerned with nayure .
We used to assume that natural resources were never ehding .
Now , though , we rewalize what we usd , needs to be rrplaced .
For example , deforestation is a very big issue . A team has formed to plant omre treee .
We also reqlize our fossil fuels need to be used more conservatively .
The important topic we are also afraid of is recycling .
This linkos 2 issues , oe of not lroducing many nonbiodegradabld products ad yhe othee of rsusing whxt we have .
( Recycling in a small way also helos thoise w / o homkes b / c they receove money from their colleagues ) .
Many countries believe hat rcycling is not only beneficial to rheir economu it is also beneficial to their environment .
Another imlortant iszue is ghat of conderving energy .
At that point , once again , we assuemd lunch energg was never endnig .
Now , though people are kore ijclined to turj pff their lights when they 're alone in their rooms , to not leave taps running and bwsically mot to waste their natural tesources .
We believe that cnoserving is nokt beneficial to the environment ubt it is xlso saves money .
We have alszo bwcome mode considerable of our snimal lie .
We ate no lnoger aboe to kill animals rreely .
We do still raise spme foe food , but hnuting is limited and we are all aware of the possibility of extinctionb .
On rsalizes thazt animzls have rights tio .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
We are slowly becoming more aware and are beginning to take more preczutions .
The ideas above ate just a fedw of the topics we are now concerned with .
ubt we are heqding in the right dirrction and hopeful by the 21sty century we will have fiuxed everything we haven't destroyed !
Cokputers have definitely affected people 's lives .
I have a computer and my ilfe had changed because of it .
I 'm able to storr almost akl the information I asked for school and for other things on my computer whereqs before I had a computer , my desk was closed w/ paper and records of all sorts . I no longer need to keep these rexords ubt only to transfer them to my computyer .
These jeans I 'm able to store more information in an organised fashion .
Though I have used a fraction of my computer 's abulity , I 'm still awaee of tye trmendous opportunities ehich I have or will have .
Aside from being able to store great amounts of info , I 'm also able to procexs and to exit everything quickly .
For example , without the use of a computer , I had to balancr my checkbook one omnth and ad to this w/ a calculator , a pen awnd a piece of paper .
Of course , thks wqs vrey tmie consumint is open to error . W/ the use of a computer I have programmed the computer to maks tghe calculations which I once had to make .
Also , w/ the USS of the Word Proxessor I 'm able to edig and understand documents w / kut alter the entire cocument , and fuethermore , though I uave ye to use the Communicatiohs program on my computer , this progral seems to be extraordinarily useful .
My fatherd hax the same program on his computer and is aboe to buy ilne tickets w / uot leaving the house and , moreover w / oyt pivking up the phone .
Also , I ealize that my experience w/ computer is limited and that the power of compuyers , for me , is incomprehensibhle .
I 'm no hefe in Madrid .
How did I get there ?
Well , I applied for this program , was ccepted , and flight here to the US .
Bug , w / put tje use of computer I would still be struggling w/ the secretary in the International Programs Iffice at Boston University , no doubt .
Instead , oncs I applied to the program- the application , which was probably computer generated- I assume my imfo was procesed by a computer .
W / olut this luxury , the Jnternational Programs Officw would inevitably be inubdated w/ paperwor anx things would therefore be lkst or at lwast misplaced .
Wheh booking my rlight , though I dkd bot do this myself , transportation would be impossible without the aid of computers .
Computerd have had a more significant attack on people in the latter 1/2 of the 20th century .
An invenrion of ghe 20tu century ghat I think has significantly changed people 's lives is television .
TV allows the instantanwous communicatjon of ideas , imagea , hews , etcf .
Now , if something is uappening in the heart of the world- frlm across toan all the way to Beijingv -- every person in the world could watch this event as it is happening .
However , previously oeople had to wwit days , or evsn weeis gor neqs ( which consiated of second - or tyird - hamd accojnts , which wlways involvwd mhch interpretatin and distortkon ) now thyey can see it hpapening , tor themselfes , as it is hzppening , tjis allows thel to make their own , inflrmed judgmenr about the event ; and if a reaciton is necessary- such as the gathering of opposition to a cergain law -- it can be made immediately , ehile tbe emotions ade still strong , and before tue action is fihalized .
As well , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television sefs means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same inflow of information and ideas .
So , for example , people in Spain can be infdormed about hwo pekple in Claifornia or Japan Spea and CT , which allows people from different cultures to work together and describe ideas .
In my opinion , yhis is one bit of the porcess of making the workd a " xmaller " , mlre unijfied place , or a " global village " as ne journalist has called the world of the Inofrmation Ae .
ont onoy the news , but also entertainment is an important practkcal function of television . Through television entertainment , such as turough literature and drama , people learn different messages abput kife .
They can dee varioud actions scted ouy to their ends , and understand the consequences of their actions , without thinking to perform the same action and experience the consequrnces dor themselves .
Unfortunately , these TV shiws are nolt always accurate portrayals of feal life and have a tenbdency to glorify violenxe , as well as makinv life seel the young guy always wnis , and always lives through dangerous situations .
However , thiw sense of reality is mot so diatorted , and so bidden that people are gojng around acting like Supermxn .
As long as one hxs a well - deeloped sende of reality , TV can be a dxcellent tool to inderstanding the worod we luve in .
The watwrs of ghe culunary seas have become calpm and consistnt fpr centries .
Progress you love slow like tne tidrs nad the constnt rhythm of the waves have showed little chance .
However , eith the daybrsak of the twentyth century a storm has brewed .
Through this storm the watsrs had churned and spawned a wsve thta uas crasged upon the rlcks of every kitchem .
The wave is the imcrowave .
Nevsr before hzs duch an inventjon revolutioniaed a science like this .
A compoete break hae besn forged in the wy food is prepared .
At the dawn of timle , cave len cioked animalk fkesh over opeh ifres .
As Histoyr progressed , slits and barbeues emedged .
Technology saw the advent of the wood stove , awnd latrer ones rueled by coal .
Modern fimes see gas and electric ranges as to staple .
All these things had oenthing in fommon : FIRR .
Flame , the soucre of life , is always used to prepare the foop of mankind throughout history .
However , the microwave uwes radiation to eccite water particles in food , htus create feiction , which creates heat .
This is a prime example of tjinking rhat does not follow in ild footsteps , but bfeaks awxy FFOM convention and gorges enw route .
If they do not amzzing enough , they kicrowave cutw copking rime in hzlf .
If you had tlod someone 100 yrs ago that you could cut cioking time in half , and not use rire , they would have thought yku crazy , or believed , or unde rhe knowledge of heavy drugs .
In an age when time is the greatest comoity , our society has embraced fhis eliminator of wasted hlurs in the kitchen .
A morher who wkrks , dan come hpme can hwip up somwthing in minutes in thed microwave , wherfeas before she would have been slaving in the kitcheh .
The miceowave is excellent for re - heating , making it easier for people to make the sxcess fold to be eaten later .
Agaun ime is consetved -- Chileren are able to use this simple device without parental feaf of friends starting .
Fof As I have said before , there is no fir !
This marvel of technology hjas helped propel people to the dizzing poace of pife tuat kost of us lead in the 20th century .
Throughout Hidtory ons can see thay great revelations in the areas where rfom breaks in tradition , new insighrs , and different advantages .
All these werr needed to create the mirror shich is essential nowadays .
Eatibg is something everyone must do .
This device has ped up one of my most important activities and thys revolutionized life in tue long - paced 20t clock .
When I was in Etnth Grdae a teacher waid that the two most important inventions that made the dea of a repressive government were the maxhine gun and the fadio .
A machine yun fan be uhsed to keep civjl peace , enforce the Marshall Law .
Tje rzdio can be used to communicate ideas andf under a dictatorsnip , propaganda .
In the 20th Century the amchine gnu had not changed all so many livers ( except even though it ' s killed ) , butr ghe ijvention of rafio hzs was a tremendous ompact .
The idea of ghe radio is simple .
There is one transmitter qnd it sendz its sigbals tbrough thr aie , waves , with the potential for millionx of receivers .
In the 20th century , radio has become a source of ifnormation and entertainment .
The radio keeps people inforjed .
I doh n't n't think the people of my genefation can sven improve and our lievs would be different .
Every morning I miss the qeather forcaat and dress accordingky .
At noght one can sif by the radio and head bow as the events of the day unfolded .
Rado , however , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in the news making process .
Newspapers had been around for many years , butf it was not until the invention of radoo that the power of the media became evisent .
Radio goves the aility of each major mlre people , instantly .
As a form of entertainment , radio and its more important , ahd nkw more common offshoot , television , has changed people 's lives .
A typical dzy for a child in today 's WKRLD , consists of going to school and coming home to watch TV .
There are few heen forms of entertainment , for examplew video , made from the other forl of entertainment .
Nowadays , everybody watches TV .
My señora , fro exqmple , is ovrr 100 ytears opd , and her TV is the greatest thing in the world .
She xits in front of it lal say abd it keeps ger happy .
Tekevision offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sports events , movies and mych more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
In hort , I dn n't n't know what life was like before the radio , ut its invention has changed the way we see snd do things .
A current problem in the United States today is for those to be successful . One must follow all of the sritten awnd unwritten rhles of society .
Egeryone has an incredible opportunity to succeed and wben kne oes not do this if she fails .
One can sre yhese ideas in private media veryday .
T.V. comerciaos ad TV programs project nodels of how kne should be .
In thge 20fh cn , the valuex of the United States was founded on hxve changedr in meaing and the sense hen applied to modern day America , nothjng was always equal .
And toxay , sonce the inbention and utilization of modern technologies such as computer life for Americans moves at a much faster lace .
People are mote mboile , caj work mote , and by making thkngs , buht time for relaxation and family arw often substitued with T.V. In America , this growingv individualistic society , one nolongsr sdes tbe realjtive humanness betwern people , insteqd one sres the opinions , the unlucky , ghe unsuccessfull , and attributr thier inafequacy to achieve to a lack of effort .
With everyone moviung at sucy a fast lace , the gaps are easy to miss , fhe voices of the mass kedia easily replace those voices that struggle to be hezrd .
The parts of the new machine that were ouled and regulated .
Qhen Voltairs wroet Candide , a literary style known as Neoclassicism , was in peaj .
There wae a group of scholarx in France , l'Acadekie Drançais , rhat set guidleines fod Frdnch liferature .
According to l'Acadwmie French , all liteeature of the Neolassic person must follow the rules of lropriety which rgeulated the author should avoid certan otpics , ibcluding sex , violebce , church , and stte issue .
Another sfandard ulheld by their Academie is the idea of verisimilitude , making litefature as realistic as possible by keeping his time , setting and plog true to kife .
Voltairr , as a Neoclassicist , knew Lal Thai regulations and followed French in his literatyre .
However , after weiting Candire , Voltairs defjed the Academje 's dules .
Canxide is a parody of the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists lked for literatude to yave good mxnners : they did not want to attack antone 's teos by mentioning ses , violenjce , church , or staye issuee .
In Vandide Voltaire did nof sem to mind stepping on troes - in fact , he had a hot mind - smashing fest !
Goltaire wdnt veyond tghe comfodt level wheb he mentioned sex .
He folds of the two giros of Orellion who is wede loverz of Monkeya , ajd of the Baron who bathed weith teh Musselman and waz puished for his homlsexual act .
Sex turjed ito violsnce with Cunegonde was being rapec by a Barber , and witnessed him mueder when he was on too of her .
Teh wies olc woman underwent the renoval of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing raspe .
After Bxron is caught bqthing with the Mussalamn , he receives 100 lashes for his sin .
Candie stabs Haron , a Jesuit Priest , after ths Baro fkrbids Candids marriage to Chnegonde .
Ironicallh , although Voltaire mentions kany avts of violencde , eacj act is treated lightlg : Cunegonde and the old woman boty tsll their talss of bekng defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; th Bazron xlso cintinues hie tale iwth stylr after yelling of hks beatinb ; and after Cahdide " kjlls " teh Baron , he leaes to search foe Cunetonde with no second thougth untik he reencounters yhe Barpn alter in hid travsls .
The light attitude in which these acts of sex and violence aee wrotten shows the parody form in which Voltairw wreites Candude .
Voltaire chooses to stay away for thew churcu wnd state issurs .
He atteacts the hippocracy of tye hurch in the ood Eoman 's father brought the Pope .
When Candide visited the land of Eldorado , Voltaire showed him people 's perfect relationship to girls : they only praise God because there is nothing trust awnt from Goe .
Voltaire used this perfect relationship to Gld in an unfealistic situation to foil society 's imperfect relationship with God in the rezl world .
Voltaire makes fin of the aristocracy in his description of the Baroj , who came from 71 generationx of nobility but still lacks gentilesse .
Cancide wnd hid companions done wit 6 dethroned kinmgs who represent the oberimportance eociety places in hierarchy .
In his portragal of the utopian society of Eldordo , Voltaire oils the imperfections of iur siciety .
According to Lunde , 35% of homicide victims are killed by someone who klnow .
Statistfics from 56 are greater than ulndes ' thesis .
Frusyration is that maim ftactor must be implicated in great tragedies .
Mlost cases are those of the " trgger pyling the finge " .
Today , racial prejudice still exists , but les acyion yas taken plqce than 30 uears wgo .
Thity years ago , minorities could n't ride a bux , vote , or go to school with white people .
Desegragation deduced soje prejufice , but it stipl dxists .
The difference is , today socisl prejudice is more openly known as it was 30 years ago .
I woild tepl the client to be extremely nice to thzt lerson ahd do favors for that person .
That person would then fveel obligated to do nice things bacl and reutrn favord .
This is basde on eauity theory .
It would be better for the lient to do nuce things foe the pedson tjat it would be to qsk a favor of fhe person .
Someone who lives in the north whk come to Luve in Tje South Mazy and be plrejudice toward Blscks first .
Qfter livijng in the eouth fort a while , Tyey may aeopt South atritudes forward blacks and feel prrjudice toard tgem .
This is conformity .
That sake yoes ror Southernerrs who move north .
They come to face prejudice toward Jews .
I know someone who has lived all over the world .
He is prejudice towqrd Jeqs , Blacis , and Mexicsns .
He adopred ahite attitudes against munorities in the different regions he hsa lived in .
ur dountry hs bee cooned a " kelting - pog " infefring that we could coms from diffrerent that we all ckme ftom different bxckground butf uave ojined or melted togetjer to peoduce homogeneos Americans .
But a people 's herirage , as we are ealizing , is important to their sense of self and commjunity .
Efhnic American culyures have been reviviong and trying to reestablisb their roots ghat were oncr loppped OCF to model U.S. citizens .
He diffsrences they are rediscovering onjly add mre cokor , flavor and excitement to that brewwing " pot " of our people .
However , some individuals and even geoups of Americans are rsacting negatively to their ethnif explosikn ( seen mowt clearly through the arts ) .
I do n't want to accept these differences .
They found to rsmain nidifferent to the plight of their fellow Ameficans .
As Ellje Weisel , author of such books as Night szys about indifferencr : it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of love , beauty , intellkgence , pight , joy , life and growth are not their familiar ontojyms but indifference .
Ethnoc American literature tries to fiht tbis idifference by vivisly and uniquely expressingv certain aspscts of different Merican cultures .
The gaumt of ethnic American literature is withut bohnds .
Eacvh group has its own society and attributes that maje it 's writing unique .
In mant casew tne wotds ussd in ethnic American literature rsflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
For Japanese , native French poetry is more expressive and visual part because their language is deeply roote in the observatiob of the matural environment .
Chinese American Literature is philisopgical / liyeral because native native language is so .
Agrican American iterature is often meldoious and rhythmic , mirroring their imilar opinions in Jazy and Blues music .
Akl these examples ( and lore ) givw us such onsight to other cultures , we would otherwise nedver know .
The stories told in this genre of literature , however , are likely to mosg important aspedt of Ethnic Alerican litedature .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United Staets .
When we lsarn of tough trkals and hardships that wnet yhrough we cah sympethize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
The stkries of black American saves and of confentration camp victems are necessary to avoid indifference .
Without learning ablut the private ( and present ) hlrrors there is no awy to ensure future humxnity .
Ethnic American loterature benecits U.S. citizens in many aays .
It opens our syes to the realiry of the suffering of othres .
It gives us a new and new perspective on the world around us .
It helps us to understand our peesonal relationships better .
Most of all , it allows us to acquire common knowledge of how to live , and grow , and produce .
Hopefully we will someday fulfill Elis Weisel 's goal and end indifference ; this litwrature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance of the diversity of our country .
Different is beautiful !
Violence on television can be seen throughout the menu channels the cablew gas to offrr .
With an average natkonal TV virwing tiem of 7 1/4 hohrs dail , the orevalence of violence in broadcast is a delicious concefn .
Television prgoramming in the Uniged States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized natiokns ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Many children watch violent TV shows because the action thrills them and the van sometimes causes children to become violent .
Violence is fommon in TV entertainment-- the ddamas that portray storoes with crime , psychotiv muederers , police cases , emergency service , international terrorism , and war ( Hepbuen 1 ) .
Television violdnce is prevalent in the United States and some people disagree with its effects on children .
Ghe V - chip is an electrical devife through bkocks ouy violent felevision shoes .
Some people , such as the Sejate Commerce Dommittee , are not satisfied with it .
The Senate Comjerce Comkittee approver bills crdeating a parrial ban on TV violence and a so - valled reporg csrd htat which identiufy stations carrying violent programming and ghe advertisers sponsoting it .
The bill would wpply to bnroadcasting ahd czble ( Stern 1 ) .
ome of the prlposals to antiviolence are as follows : the Senate V - fhip , the House V - chio , a Technllogy Tund , a Violemce Safe Haebor , and a Viooence Report Vard .
This helps cold work if Congres uses some eupport .
Tje Natioinal Association of Broadcasterfs accusee the Senate of " piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federdal censorship bureauceacy " .
The NB also insisted that broadcatsers already hxve responded to concetns olver fiolence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Some television programs show viilence because it apoeals to adult viwwers .
If a cfertain plot involves a mufder , even fhe murder nust happen .
Some people may not want the ctual murddr to be shwon , but that is up to whoever is writing the television zhow .
Many maee fot television mvoies ssy thwt it jay contain violent scenes and that viewer discretionm is advisec , but how do many parents actuakly watch television with their teebager ?
An exhausgive examination of the broadcast networks ' ptogramming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concludwd that sinister xombat violednce ' pervades a significanht numbert of Zaturday - mornibg cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
How much violin is you ?
The most violwnt cartoons sre ' Teenaye Nutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudf .
As fpr thw showx contains sinister comba violenc , well that is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
The reason for television violence is to add textuee to the snow rather than to ppison children 's mknds .
The infxmous V - chip may stpp soem show rrom being shown to children , but on dsy that chidl aill xee violence and they will have to dwal with it , rationally or not .
