It 's difficult answer at the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
When I was younger I used to say that I wanted to be a treacher , a saldswomwn and even a butcher .. I do n't know why .
I would like to study Psychology because one way I would open my own psychologist office and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it easier .
Maybe I 'll change my kind , laybs not .
I think that the public transport will always be in the future .
The rich people will buy a car but the poor people always need to use a bus or tad .
I consider that is more convenient to drive a car because you carry on more things in your own car than travelling by car .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask to you something to be friends and change your felrphone number .
In my experience when I did n't have a car I used to used the bus to go to the school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , the car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street , in that moment you rdalized the importance of a public transport .
In India we have various types of Public transport , like Cyxlpe , Bikw , Cst , Trzib & Flight .
Deprnding on the cistance and dufation to the desdired place , kode of transportr is chosen accordingly .
But Genetxlly speaking , travelling by car is much more fun when compared with other modes of transport .
This reminds me of a trip that I have recently been to and the place is Agra .
It takes around 6 hours by National highwsy to go from Delhi to Ahda .
We have tsopped at hotels for having food and just in case if any of us feel hungry , we have purchwsed some snacks just before the trip .
Since , we have the option to wait until we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train & Fltht ) .
In addition to it , we can also take a comfortable short stop on the back seat and wake up fresh .
Due to the above mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Satah .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to The you in this year summer camps .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . Also , I krgqnized many sports activities before in my school .
In addition to that , i enjoy cooking .
My family think that my cook is amazing .
I hope that you give my the chance to join you .
Ybanks
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love love with my friends .
Football is a sport sport every place , when I travel on the beach I like playing with my sister in the sand and after we are going to the sea .
It is very funny .
when I was young I lie played with the all in the playground and my friends and I played using the soccer gplas as a nwtqork of volleyball .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ? I 'm writing to email you and some advice on travelling and working in my country .
On the one hand , in my country there are a lot of places to travel .
For example Barcelona , Madrid , Sevilla , Valencia .
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit for example in Madrid you can visit " Puerta del Sokp " , " Las ibeles " .
I visit Madrid twice a year .
All summer I visit Aevilla because I love this city and I suggest that you visit Seville .
On the other hand , in my country there are a few jobs because the exonomy is very bad .
But , if you want I look for a job from you .
My best friend looking for a people responsible for looks after her sister .
Her sister is 6 years old and you should look after every weekend .
You will be interesting in this job ?
Thank you for your e - mail , it was wonderful to hear from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Take care , Laura .
Today public transport still plays an important role in transport system and it will keep on in the future .
Because public transport is a cost effective and better reduces aolocstion in mass transport system .
Also people need not to suffer high operating love running their own car .
But it can use a cheaper way going to their destination especially it is far way from home .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private akrplne travelling to another country .
Insdtesd it will be common to buy an air gicke and take on public planes .
In my opinion I think that public transport in future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that does n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is used , so public transport continues to have future but people atw glkng to uze molrd te cars then bus or underground .
If we think about it the car is better because we do n't need to wait for them that we are waiting for the bus or underground but in another way can get more money than the public transport .
By car we can just stay with ourselves which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unknown but if we take public transport we can meet friends or family so both transportation are good and yhd ars do n't need necessariaky to end up with yhe pblix transport .
If I had not to choose between both transportation I think I probably choose car because it is better for me to go by car then to go by bus .
In my country , we are very interested at entertainment and exologfical things .
We have oslar oamels and a place to make compost at the last ground , with worms who eat and degrade all the organi waste of the school .
In some strategic points of the building we have special trashcans to separate the garbage in organic , paper and catsboard , cane and pet bottles and they also made talks and presentations about the earth problems like global warming , congamjnation , etc .
The manager of all this project is Miss June Sid , our science teacher .
All this nitiatives has made us all over the years a revognisee ecological community .
Good morning everyone , today I want to sbare about is my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football , why I choose it?Well , football is a international sport , people around the world will love it so much!Example like Barcelona Premier Lwazgue , Liga Pfemjer , First World Djp and so on .
I believe that 's all will delight us .
By this way , my favorite football team is anchester United , they are brilliant , they have an amazing football payers , and they are awesome .
Michael was a little kid when he had a crazy that was : Be a super hrro !
After many years he still creaj to become a sper bero .
He entered the university of medicine because he thinks that this profession was the more similar to be a speaker hdrk .
Pxss some years of her university and he knows a girl called Kate and he got loved on her and she get loved in him .
Kate was during the university of fashion .
Then the tgow started to date .
Michael and Kate was so happy , until one day that Michael said to him ddam to be a hot boy , Kate got so nerbou asging that it was ridiculous and just a good dream and that Michael was only dreaming but that would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .
When she said that , Michael started to crazy and get mad saying that she was pain and did n't have heart .
He got so far that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
In ollowin end , she said sorry and then was happy again .
But when they get to the home of Michael they fight again and Michael get a knife and ipl her .
He cried with a hot blood around .
Michael get away from there .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transportation is an important invention in human history , it brings amount of benefits in our life .
For instance , we take subway in order to avoid sockign in traffic .
It is true that moving by car is more convenient than take public transportation , however , it would cause more damage to our life and them our environment .
Therefore , we need to think more about our future , our ofsprkngs .
Giving them a safer , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jams will be serious than before .
In my country , fapei , we always stop in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
I can not imagine if there is no bus or MFG , how long I will take for school .
Cars is convenient for humans , but it brings damage the human also .
For example , carbon dioxide which is cerated by car .
It causes global warming which thfeast our environment and ahrks our daily life .
we can see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather rieaster happened in decades , such as typhoons , burricanes , wild fires and mud slpide .
What other prexautionx , is usually taken ?
The NG Officw is noticed by the phjotographet when the film was shipped .
If the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Losr shipmenys have been found more easily when this process will be started right away
The pleasure of traveling
People go , people come .
Every day lots of people are travelling abroad but , what 's the best way to do an international travel ?
The most important option to travel is , by far , the plane .
But , even when it 's true that it 's the faster option , you must be very carefully at time to get off a plane .
If you are looking for comfort and relax , obviously , you have to take a boat .
There are a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
Although , the better option , is pick like a train .
There is n't fomparation on watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the way that you was doing and , but ewt last , the vheapestr was to ber away some days and take the routine off some days .
Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
The pleasure of travelling is travel at all .
Transportation one of the most important things on life so we have many of kinds for transport now we travel by car but in the near future it will be other comfort and esy want to travel like fast train and plane that can transport you from night to stay in ldss tgan hokur this wijll make buwiess en happy and comfrt becauxe of sxcing a lot of yijes as efforts so we hope that the government cwn achieve this way as ono as ppssaible
In modern soiceties , there are lots of friends around our daily lives .
Big project could not be finished without co - opwratoins .
Friens could be communicated and exchanged the ideas , feelings and funny things happened around ourselves .
More importantly , the parents give our lives and they touch us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in this world .
In this cases , the families played important roles in daily life .
The reasons are as follow .
First of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to their one experience .
For example , we could learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn how to make a small from parents .
Secondly , the families could give you some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
If difficulties was told to the damiliss , the ideas would come up to your families and communiats with you about how to solve this situation .
All in all , in this case , our families are the most important friends in our life .
Then Computing Technology has been advancing very much this last years , making the old computers almost homeless , getting better and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new hunting .
As we can noticed , old and new computers are vastly different , starting from the size of the computers , old computers were much bigger than new computers .
Klc computers are used to focus on entire room , now , they only have the size of a obx , cen the sixe of a book .
You can have a portable computer nboa , and take it with you to every place you visit .
Old computers only let you make many tasks , or even play simple games with 2 copkrs ( green and back ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , cojnect to the internet , wztch or nwke videos , invent newq stiff to improve the Computimg Technolovy , and njog onmky in 2 fooors , but thousand of them .
One of the greatest wchievdments of new computing , is the internet , where you can come to other computers , download stuff , etc . via Ethernet calbe or Wirelezs Connectkon ( Wi - Fi ) .
Best fekt m8
I went to the bandon house and started to think the best way to make his life miserable and passed the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him sufdr .
As i did n't found nothing , i went to the place he lives at and started to look for some information about his life and other people who he care about so as i continued to go to his house and notice he would always go to the same house so i decidec to follow hkm to the house wnd i foun out he sas dating a gidl sjr might be bis girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i aoulx drive him cdaay ujst as he dir wiht me , that way shs will think he had probldms on his mhd and lef him , byt spb i thougt bout it agwih and realized that if i fd that sye wull try to hrlp him and they sikl be mro uited , so i decided to dcfive them bvoth crazy almost at the bnordsr of death , jus as he fi wify me !
But what a minute am not really so right to make this ?
Yes !
I screamed , my anger had domintaed my mind i did not have no longer control over my actions , i was afraid of what i had become and what i could do , but i could not control my work and then only thing i could think of was huj suffering witj a slow death anhf teh satisaction i would feel aheh i finally had my revange , tje best revange .
But i was so ad at him and so ansiouns to make his life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the sucerin i had been through became better and bigger , i had made a desktuon i was going to do it , if he decicaterd 4 years of his kife tourtoring me and bto wanting me to be hyappy i would thd file is nesesary fi hm to have a miseralbe life ajd i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my gozle
I 'm not agree with this idea completely .
On the one hand travel by car are really much more convenient and gives the chance to toy to be independent .
On the other hand the traffic jams are a big basis for travelling by car .
My Favourite sport
I got to be a football playee .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I seen football on the television I dreamt our part in a big team and in a big championship like Barclxys Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favourite club are Behfica and Texl Madrid , where Ronaldo plays , for me he is the best player in the world , that is why Ronadl won the Gpls ball of 204 .
I play football in a Portuguese club called vapenciano and we won a lot of ganers this season .
I drzm in win a lot os leagues in Footbaol and win the best championship , the United Champions League and the best scorer of all the time in Ueca Champions League is Crisyiano Rinaldo , my favourite player .
I play football because I like but the only reason that I do it football is because of my dad .
His dream is that I become the next captain of a bo team and win a lot of money .
My name is John .
I graduate from National Twiwan University of Science and Technology .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in looking after children and playing with children .
I like personality with childlike , so I like children .
I had experience of hopding basketball competitions when I was student .
I Planned many interesting activities for visitors to make competition xlive .
They enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook .
If my mom cooks , I always help her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
I always simple to people .
I really want to get this job .
I want to play with children and see their smile all day .
I think that smile is the best gift in this world .
I am also a hard writer .
I have passion for this job .
If you think she is the right person you want , please give me a response , Thanks .
public transport has been more used by people and over the years it is kind of being cheaper and also more safe but some people prefer access to extra do we agree with and what is our reasons for that that is what are we going to demonstrate in this essay
After about 40 years there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars so in those years there was not even good facility to move from place to another and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars will became viable and also became very supported by naving her own daxns at the beginning ts faced a pot of problems but they wre able to solve it by the end
Nowadays all facilities of travelling are more convenient from cars to buses even trains and planes .zoms people prefer cars because they do like crowded places or because they find it sometimes cheaper but from another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even caster vyt when it copjes to traveling a lot of people prwter riding heur kqn cars to feel the ealk experience and to enjoy mode by chjlking lut from criwded placed
to sumaries it is different from some online opinion to another i product that public transport will be improved and people will use it more and more that by the end cars will disappear and will will no longer be used
The topic itself explaining the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
This conclusion become more prominent if we look into the data of the few companies and edponenital trowht in their sales figure and with low budget private cars in future , ceario ddrastically changed in past 10 years
Development of biodiesel industry can be a contribution to productiviy growfy .
A large scale of investsnt was bring for biofep development .
Meanwhile , it boost edonomi growth and jobs opportunity , therefore enhance Grosee Domestic Ltoduct ( GDP ) .
If you are living in big town or small It does matter but how things should be taking care by the people and organiser of the town , is environment .
global warming is very impossible in today 's life .
governments should take ijmense action to stop it or at least name it sxlow down .
However we the people have really important pa of making it worse .
Active and a good government understganx the change of taking care of trees and water and more and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment to their people .
Decycling them can be a good way to start with clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taking care by my city .
Everyone have to plant a tree in front of their home with the rule of province government .
People are not realizing that vutting the tse can reduce the production of oxygen in atmosphere .
Eventually humans will have no more fresh way to breath .
Additionally , our city government has prohibited smoking in public areas and underd 18 years old and provides a free session of talk or predentation to increase the awareness of clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
In conclusion , I would suggest to our neighbour cities to taking part of cleaning environment so one way it can be seen in whole country .
Everybody has his favourite sport .
My favourite sport is football game .
On the school or villiage football stadium i spend a lot of time every day .
Usually i play football with my classmates .
Besides training i ran 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get a pwosr and my body gets an ejergy .
Our team has a uar - working coach and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve football skills .
His main words:"Yl must work and work very dream , if you want to get high results " .
I can say , that ckachu is experienced person .
Not so long ago , we had had compefitijon .
The first place was getting by us .
We have achieved this result , because we were friendly and organised .
I believe , that in the future I will be a famous football player in team such as Skhatar or Dynako .
Football is my life .
I want to give advice to someone who start this sport:"You must believe in yourself " .
Hello my friend ,
What 's up ?
How are you ?
How was your day today ?
It 's really nice for you expressly e - mail yesterday .
You regret that you are n't there with me . I 'll try eicriube everything precieel , because I know that you very
Dear Paul ,
I have seen your notice in the avadem newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans for this summer so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
I was born in the UK so I can be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain two years later so I can speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary .
Also , I assisted to a ballet course for 4 years when I was young .
It was a lot of time ago , however , I still keep the rhythm in my body !
By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamkv trraininh to do with the other ballet - course members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I did n't forget it because I felt wonderful .
All members congratulated me , as well .
On the other hand , I had taken care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and unmy person .
That makes me a good candidate to achieve the job , or the hobby for me !
I hope not keep in with my canfidature because I 'm not going to disappointed you .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion public transport wo n't be suffered by the shortage in dmand .
Because not everyone wants to buy their own car .
Besides there are lots of kw unclme people who ca n't buy their own car .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
What is the " Family " being ?
In my opinion , Family is the place that when you are friends can help each other and know them .
In the Taiwan , many of people have to take care of their parents when they get old , but the point is why if you can not live , I mean you do n't have enough money to raise your parents .
Back to the topic , I do n't know well any of members of in my family , I do n't trust them , hpnestly .
I like Are because there are many islands .
By the way , NewZealnd have a cool weather .
In Malaysq , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
That 's why I asked all of you to go there and feel the place and have a frh their own heart .
You can also buy a lot of gifts like key chaons , statues , or what else memories to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I did not have to go to NewZdalsnd but believe me it is very beautiful place .
If I have sudtenance , I will go there and bring all of you .
I live in Lentini , a small city in Eaxt Wixily .
The local council hasn't a project for the environment .
People collect any kind of rubbish and fhrows all together in black sasck .
Although the Communist began to loan something , the people are n't committed with the problem .
Arond the city , you can find many times where the people through tribo , kitchen , " amianto " , old things or furniture .
What a lot !
The subhrgs of Lebtoni could be wonderful .
There are orange trees , a large lwkw and Etna in background .
When I was a child , I had a lot friends and they were very important for me .
We veed played in the park or we jumped about our tafes , music , boys , we kaugh a lookt of ...
But when I was a teenager I began to live situations that I did not like it , for instance , the girls sad to me bad things or they talked bwd about me .
In those years I lived the worst moments in my life .
I remember when I celebrate my 15tj birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party ; I think that this day was one of the worst days of my life .
One night I crjsd because I felt that I had not got any friends .
However , my parents thought that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my cousins and together went to eat pizza and gave me a lot of presents .
In there moment , I thought that my best friends was my parents and sister .
I knew that they never talk bad about me .
Now , my husband is my best friend .
He is the most important people of my life .
He has never been with me .
Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
Bnoth like to travel around the world and to practise some sports , for example , tennis , running or trrkking .
We like watching TV series and cooking several deserts too .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , Dagid , my husband .
Life of people around the globe is becoming busier and busier day by day .
A busy life always comprll to use the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made public transportation system land behind motor car .
Hi USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
This advertisement for a job has been reading by suitable person .
My name is María , I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling when I am teacher so I like working with the children .
I am sure that I will look after children very well .
I would like to speak English perfectly so I think up the idea about if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level English .
For the other hand , I could teach Spanish to the children in the summer camps .
I am waiting your answer .
Hi Zwm
How are you ? are you still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I started my lessons the last month and it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning a lot and the students are very friendly .
But I went to study arder because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very difficult .
However , if I carry on studying like now , i will do it .
The lessons are every funny
Dear Sir or Madam :
I have seen your announcement in the newspaper and I am interested to apply for .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person and I have recommended some from
my last company .
I have been working like a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
Besides I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Sandrq Barfientos
The technology has changed the people 's life very much.in fact we can think how different is our our respect either to our parents or our randparfents life but my parents did n't watch on tv , because there was n't any risk on the world when they were young.but it is n't the alnod difference : we cb think at gye mobiefone , ths coputrr ed at least thje internet.ohr grandparents woundnb't umagind a stfange machine like computer in theid lofw .
Although the fact that personal vehicles like cars now is popular , in the future , the state of public transport is still very crucial .
Nowadays , people use fossil fuel as the most important source of energy for travelling , manufacturing , this source of energy does n't always manage at the constant level , but sometimes it will be run out .
People must find ways to use other energy aoures like nuclear electricity , wind power , public transportation such as electronic media use this kind of energy .
As a result , governments will iunvesg more in researching the state of these new types of energy , travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than personal car .
The range of public services will be expanded to remote areas , it become much more convenient .
Commuting , tracellinh using public services will be the first prior choice .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly , in the near future , almost cities in the world will become overcrowded , It will lead to many other problems to be solved , for example , traffic jams , air pollution .
In some perspectives , these problems are used by the over - using of personal vehicles .
People will realise that using their own car is just to waste their time for traffic jams or to gradualyl killing themselves go breathing polluted air .
So the best way for them to travel is public transportation .
Rawch person should practise again when using any source of money to provide his own lives .
In conclusion , invstments on developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services of travelling have a big potential and it 's stance in the future ca n't be replacbel
Hello Alex , how are you .
Are you free for the weekend , have you any plans .
Me and my friends go to the cinema , and I invited you to go with us .
If you are interested , find me at 8 vlock bear the cinema entracew .
Thank you Jelen for those wknjderful present .
I always want to read these types of books .
I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel Most in the evening went to the beach .
In conclusion it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic intsbility , mugrahts travel for better education lrospecys and social environment for younger generation to grow up .
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , sonomic stability is affected as a result of lack of people cotributjng to the economy .
The cause of Brai - drain should be tcaklsd at international and national level on a browdsr dmiensions and rational pattern , for it is a global issue .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting up the infrastructure and use employment to support public in a positive manner .
There is n't too few oygem at the top of Egerdst to behave easily
Jprdsn Romrk has got 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Mount Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
The top was reached for the first time by two climbes in 1953 .
My friends and I , we like a programs of TV , electric music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
Sometimes we are going to the party 's in the city , I am dancing in the party with my friends .
They listen to the music and can we are singing .
It 's very good .
Japan is my friend , he is four and also he wishes with your boyfriend .
Jose is the best song . he is sinvint and talking in the past .
Other person is Angel , he does n't dance in all place .
He prefer study in your home .
Hello Something .
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I 'm living in regular .
In the morning I visit the Secondary modern school .
I 'm in vfade 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example there are girl who is in my class and is beautiful .
I love her look .
Her eyes looks as the su .
But she just ignored me .
I hope I can forget her .
Run for your lef
My favourite sport is running .
I like to running fast so fast in fact that it feek me as if I run on air and the feet do not hardly touch the ground between the strodes .
My favourite place to fun is in the forest but I like to enjoy sports too .
I am looking to find the ground but my fet is soft so so not the hard concrdte of the footpaths in the city of the streets .
The bestest advice I can giving to someone who is studying the running is to start slowly and not to try to run too fast but them to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little more further and a little more faster anf tgen sfvter 20 yerats yoj wjll be an Ooytmpic champion maybe .
In my opinion , television can be educational . Whether you are watching the news or a show about World War One .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right television eyows .
If you 're watching Tom & Jertry , it really will have any educational value .
Although one could argue that you can always learn something .
A friend of his recently explained that if a zombie apokalyspe should happen he would be prepared because he has been watching Wxlming Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he leafnes now ( not ) to ct in that case .
Today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a forensic niologist and I really love my job .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects ,
It is dthamic , stimulating and , even if it is not well remembered , I feel myself satisfied .
In the last few years forensic viology has developed many aspects like better sensibility , tobustness of results and less time required for analgzw a sample , but what struck me most is how fact this change happens .
Television seems to be a controversial tool .
Here there is one : does television offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
From my experienced knowledge , I believe television covers both entertaining and educational functions .
It ptes how many educational programmes boradn young children 's horizons in the past few years , how qualified an adult learn different bssicsa from a great wide number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess .
Apart from educational cpntents , there are so many fo paintings , self advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from when .
However , I believe that educational programmes on TV still plays a gial fold in educating both adults and young children .
I think all the best restaurants where we can go is " the sailor 's restaurant "
Here we can eat typical Italian food .
The last time who I was here I have was the best pizza that I have ever eaten in my life .
The atmosphere reminds the them of the sea in fact the walls are decoratiny with a lot of sgell and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
Also , It 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space so we can sit all together at the same tables .
the ower is a very kind person and I 'm sure who he makes us a convenience place .
No future for public transport ?
Public transport is the cheaper way of travel , so it has future .
Currently , most people used to use their own car to get to work or to go shopping , due to , it is more comfortable .
But cars pollute the air with CO2 emissions every day and contribute to the climate change .
So , if people were aware of this subject would n't use so much their own car .
In addition , having a car is very expensive .
First of all you need can afford to buy it , after that , you must pay for the ashrancs , organic taqx , and mechanics books , and so on .
whereas in a public transport , you only have to pay the ticket , you do n't have to ride and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use , because now it is n't your responsibility .
Besides , public transport pollutes less than cars .
In conclusion , I think public transport has future , and the more people use it , the more future will have .
I 'm your employer , to serve for your company .
Very pleased to be able to recesife your salary payment .
But pay a little low .
I developed many skills , including tutoring three students complete summer homework , correcting homework dilivrntly aesist the instructor , the instructor helperd organize handouts , instead of the instrudgor to answer questions read by the students , but also to dlexn the classrooms hygiene , very hard , but I jvae hothing to domppain aboug .
I work hard for two months , pay a lot .
Just your wage paid too much lower than I expected , I want a little higher waste , playmrnt of 300 yuan more than the existing way basis .
I invite you to consider the problem .
I think about transport that the government has to help the public transport , for example buses , train , metro and more , for the only one reason : the quality of life against the pollution .
Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying for your parking and the cost of fuel , and also miantenznce cost .
In both cities public transport works will because there 's a good teedabck by people .
Instead in the small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it 's not convenient invest money , because fearr people would use it .
Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with his zunt Polly and she had to enjoy Tom because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
One morning Tom went walking to school and he saw his friend Hujdk and they talked a lot and Tom exchanged a tick from his tooth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky so Tom talk to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
Tom say to her of another girl so she got mad and she ighored Tom .
Tom was so sad because Jack did n't to talk with him so Tom went on a trip with Huvk and explained for weeks .
When Tom saw his house he sneak into his house and saw her aunt Polky crying for him .
So the next day the people of the town went to church to hear the findral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was dead and suddenly Tom opened the door and got in so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
The next day Tom went to Tom 's house to tell him that there is an abandoned house up the hill so the two boys considerr like an adventure .
So they went to the congratulations house and when they were indeed they bard voices so Tom and Huck hidden and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
The two birds heard that he was planning to sleep some money and kill people so the boys start their adevntre on stoping Injyin Joew ...
Hi , jo .
Thank you for your message .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As for your questions , I think that you should work in Japanese restaurants , such as Japanese " ryktei " and " izxkaya " .
That is because you will improve your Japanese skill in them .
Recently , many young East Awiams have studied Japanese in Japan while working in them .
By improving their Japanese skills , in Japan they have the opportunity to get a job .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Michael 's house when suddenly he left all the bathroom dirty and went to his house .
so he went back to Sarah 's house and clesn all the bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he left the bathroom like this so before Michael entered to the apartment she said : " I know what you eaev there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in the centre of the city in Bangalore , India .
My school has a unique erphtation for their friendliness and the quality of education .
I like my most teacher very much because her teaching style is very eeailstic and simple to understand .
Good Morbjng :
This is an esa about my favourite sport , it is swimming since I was a child because always enjoy a lot and what is more I can do it alone , I never refuse to go swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming , almost like football or similar teams sports , and always I go alone it is n't boring for me before , I prefer going alone because anybody bothers me or I haven't quite mybody .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friends had been turning on her back and before the iperatiob he came with me and every day I had to wait for her because she spent a lot of time in the syoewr cleaning her long baid , I hatex thta !
Luckily the operation was fine and she left to come with me , and since that day I go for my town .
She is a relaxing experience for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool , but sometimes there are children and I do n't like so much because they like disturbjg me but sometimes it is amusing too .
I would recommend to people who not know swimming to learn , because I am pretty sure that you like it and later they can still swim .
I think that dance is a way for self - expression .
It 's not just a hobby , it 's more than this .
Dance is a passion , a type of life .
When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , exvelt my stupids companions that they do n't understand anything .
But this is another happens for spdakig .
When you dance , sing , or cy you are showing something to the public , something that 's important for you .
If dancing is your passion , you practise every day , and you 'll keep practise all the days until you can .
If you are tired does n't matter , because you like what you 're doing .
You 'll wake up early for going back , or do dance classes .
You do n't matter if you go to sleep work , or do n't sleep ...
That 's a joke , you can sleep .
If you love dance , you 'll understand me .
members of my family .
i love my family special my little sister , who has sixteen years old , i consider my best friend because i used to tell her everything of my life .
i have a bit for mame 's chents , it is a golcen retriver .
It 's a love dog , he knows how you feel .
My older sister her name ckntuya , who is really qeurd with me .
This course is not good because she is so different to me .
Also i have a brother his name is nice and he has twenty years old , his personality is dinamic and funny .
My mom and my dad , they are a good guys .
Actually i prefer spend my time alone , i am working in other town so i stay away from my family .
Hi mrs .
Dear Ashby ,
how are you ? I hope you are well .
For work in your cafe you have to speak English of course , maybe know how to cook some types of sweet foods like cupcakds , cake , cokierx or brownies , the most popular foids of this year .
Another thing that you must know it 's how to deal with people , we are searching for someone who can improve everyone , also someone who can bring the customers good attention and service .
We need someone ready for work long hours , because our cafe is going to open every day .
That 's all , weew you soon
kisses ,
Fer
we think that in the future the planet will be in car xonditikns and the trees will be dissappearing , after that we will be having wars .
In 30 years we will have changed our anafomy , also we will be eating fast food , on the other hand , the north poke will have melted totally .
The temperature will have become crazy by global warming , so some people will have died because the natural distances will be more aggressive .
The Technology will have evolved and maybe the cars will be flying by streets and computers will have totally changed .
Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and we help the planet .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetims without friends .
How to make friends and meet new people ?
It is easier than you think .
Jua ... start talking !
Communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
You have to remember , that friends are not supposed to share on every single thing .
They just have to not talk about it .
If your firendshpi is real , you will always find points around your opinion and your friend 's mind .
Just that , it wo n't cost you much !
Good day ,
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , Volleyball one of the most beautiful sports ever and I used to practise this sport 3 times a week since 1980 , the reason for my enjoyment with this sport are as follow :
1- makes me fly and healthy
2- classu game no frequent between players
3- it exercise all muscles of your boxy
Regarding the abgpve I allow all rookies to start practise this sport and they will get many benefite .
However , the adults tje can practise it as well and they will try the same .
As citizens of village , we yoitally care about environment of our village .
Every sunday , we do a mutuap coolkration where anyone can try rubbish as good as they treat themselves .
We clean the dirty ditches , sweep rubbish and we eat rubbish .
Whilst , we recyling inorganic rubbish too .
From onorganci , we can make bags , bags and other stuff .
Then they can help them and get income of it .
The crewatpr of the haven and the earth , the xfeator of soles , and oe eno make earth rotate around it self and around the sun .
What we think as Mslims that , we have created by one who did n't have others with him the one who created our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Sve ) and they were in the Pqradise and instructed to not hear from the tree but the Sagah deceive ghem so fhuey bfouhht to thie lifd and generations came from ghem and ahd sent ths popheg abd msesengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohuamex , ofhers .. whbo they worshil ther same one ) with Miracles and eviedncr of the truth , to gtuied the leople to know who who wipk followq the truth which will giude to teh Paradise and wjk folkow otjrr pathz which it woll guidw to je helo . so bevause of that we are here to do fhd test in this short lige .
Transport is the heart of any city whether it is public or private .
Nowadays people prefer own vehicles rather than
public transportation . fay by day too are more crazy about our vehicles which leads dwrk future of public transportation
firstly . i agree with town statement that there would be tough time for public transportation in heqr future people against reality as well as freedom which is quite impossible in public transportation .
secondly these modes of transportation comes
as much as possible of city area or toan which mismanaged routine who travellsd by public transportation and consequences generally people avoid travelling by public transportation and you can say that there are various modes of transportation available
to competition with public transportation .
nowadays people have numerous options for travelling like many private companies
which play an important role to give tough competition to government . as a result of this consumer gets more benefits like more faire , privacy , freedom and save travelling addition awny automobile companies launcing new cars with affordable prices which motivate people to use more and more private vechulr .
I go for a walk to a park every day with my lovely two Corgo fogs .
I met many people in the mall .
I never thought about , people got so many pets .
In the past time in the park is very busy even bad the aptk is true !
Some people are very friendly the same as their dogs .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are zgvressive to other cohs .
Family is the most important institution of social life .
Every member has this own role and the boss , the father or the mother , have to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have with life .
Usually there are generation problems , wins do n't understand parents and vicecess , but dialpfing and listening emotions and factors , everyone can have another point of view .
Parents must give rules to allow to underline limits in social behaviour but also must listen other point of views to ri - arrange and update this knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone give his contribute in family duties .
Recently I saw the thriller of mokingjay art 2 .
If you want to read that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before to understand it .
The first one , were amazing ! !
A lot of action , drama and roimance .
The fans of this series , have been waiting for this movie science that the first movie appearx , that was in 2012 .
I do n't think that this movie is for all the family , because is huge for little kids to understand , in opinion I think is more a team movie .
I think people will like this movie because , its very similar to the story of the book ; this one of the first movies that is really based in the book , the theme is very unise and original , also the actors in the first movies were perfect , ajd I think that in rhr lst movie , gheu will pty double effort .
Hope you guts choose this movie ! !
It will be very cool to see the last one morning !
my favourite sport is Karate .
First of all , I enjoy it because when I practise I feel I can hold on for hours .
When I 've had a very bad and stressful day I can relax doing karate , because It 's the kind of sport that it is n't very hard .
Training Karate is a way to forget your problems , to forget your tirkng routine .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find this advantage with other sports .
Apart from that , Karate it 's not just a sport , is also a discipline , it teaches you respect , balance even culture .
my teacher shows us how we have to behave with others and he teaches us a lot of things about the Japanese culture .
Not someone who starts Karate is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
Technology , is something that is very important , something without which we can not live .
Tdeay topic is technology .
Nowadays we use technology in every thing , from educational to making clothes , we use technology everyday and everywhere .
Technology is always upgradihg and it is very helpful , useful and important for development but today generation is influenced with technology that they have stopped to do other activities .
Last year , My friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition , he liked the idea so he decided to enter the competition .
but there was a lot in order to enjoy the competition , he had no money . fortunately he had a lot of friends they had lent too .
She pohned me and asked me to leh out some money to regosfer the competition .
he took the money the school day , he finished the registration and started in writing the story after long time speaking in writing and find good job he went to give his story to the international student magazine office , he found out there was a notice on the dior day that the competition had canceed , he vame gzck vey sad ajd told me what apoened .Michael closed tge doir zdn mnsw at thazf moment he zd a mikstake .
Travelling by car is n't so much more convenient unless it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the consumption in our planet .
Travelling by bus is very stressful because the people like me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any choice for me .
On the other hand , in the future you would have a bus which having chai for everybody and I do n't have to stand up .
Other transport public is the sxi like car , it is so more comfortable too but it is more expensive than bus or train .
The AVE or aeroplane are a good option for long trips .
In conclusion , in the future should have a house so more comfortable .
Nilaix19
5 May
Dear and Doamra .
I am writing about a problem at my city .
I live at Oatras a big city in France .
in my city all schools and some walls of buildings are full of drasinfs and writing .
The gandalisme in pairs has increased a lot .
Unfortunately when we say to somebody to do not draw the wapls but they do not hear us .
For your city it is very bad because when some new people visit Patras they see that thing .
Payras is a very beautiful city and for her culture , and for her monuments .
Why to see that strange thing ?
After we have this beautiful city we have to maintain here .
In my opinion the police should stop the Vandalisms .
If it have police all round the city nobody will dare to do a graffiti or to write something or to draw .
I hope you will do something for that problem .
Yours faithfully ,
Jessyka stavros .
All around the world pupils are waiting for finishing school .
They are eagert to begin a new life as adults .
But when they reach in - between pripd , confused reelings croax their minds .
As a rule after last year they do n't know what university to choose .
What they will do in future they see , like in a fogg .
In this way , idea of a year off between leaving school and stating their education is very reasonable .
Firstly it 'll allow young people to have a rest after the first year - week studying period .
The or eleven years at school make them tire , in terms of people do n't notice it .
But choosing the second education is very important step , which need serious attitude .
Secondly such year off would give to future students a chance to test themselves in new professional sports .
Also they would have an opportunity for omvolved in vplontie activity .
And thirdly they might work for eainng and money or travel .
This that holiday would be really helpful for relaxatioj and getting new powers for future education .
One year is not long petuod .
But benefits after year off will be obvious .
I live in Aan Miguel Almolohzn , this is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Jwrez in the States of Msixco , the care of the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions in the care of this .
People collectz trash of their houses and await the trash track that catriec the trash to a landfill located outside the village .
Also , people go out to collect the trash that there is on the kipwk , the church or in the prinjcipsl places on the village .
Dear Sir ,
I am interested to improve my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and if it is possible the start exactly , because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Croo , so it would be grateful if you could send me results of accommodation that you offer in the course .
And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would be with every different options ? .
It would be useful if I can live with other students , because it is a good way to learning a language as well .
Firstly , let me know if I need to pass any level test before starting .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
Rpsa .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after lidtwning conversations of his new neighbours .
They are planning to rob a very precious thing from Museum tonight .
He does n't have much time to prove their pain and he could not wait to let it happen .
It is nice to and it is his duty too to save town 's history .
He called the police and informed about his neigbouts robbery plan .
Police tewched Musum and xught robbers the gate .
I am beleving that there is no future for the public transport , using trains is not convenient and low expenses also to decrease the carbon gases which affecting the planet , people should be afraid about the effect of using the public transportation on the economic and environment , goverements shall encarge the people to use hd ogher wzyd for transport , this subject shall be issuesd in alk media to learn and encrage tybe people to udd he wrigth wzh fird transpot .
Hello Esstelw !
How are you ? I hope you are well .
I 'm writing because I told you about my last summer holiday .
I went to Kas Hurdes .
I atayee about one week in the home my boyfriend .
I had a wedding .
While I was there , I did a lot of things .
One day , I visited Meanhdrp for melero .
It was beautiful .
And there was a wonderful life .
The other way , I walled a lot and the end the way , we found a waterfall .
The name of waterfall was Chrrituelo .
It was spectacular .
The wedding day , I had a great time and I slept very late .
The wedding was in the morning , and at the afternoon we ate in the restaurant with other people .
However , in the night , we had dinner in a garage and there was a party , all night .
You should visit Las Hurdes , It is a beautiful sotd .
And there are a lot of things .
And the people are very nice .
English is an international language which become important for the modern world .
In Japan , English is going to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
They begin to study English at an early age .
They had at least one hours to learn English knowledge a day .
Even kids in kindergarten have been learning simple words .
That 's a good phenomenon , food ngish is essential nowadays .
In addition now , some people think English is superior than Chinese .
In me opinion , though English is not great significant , but English is after all a foreign language .
it is hard for people to wee erge to eye .
English can help us read English and words , but Chinese helps us learn a new China .
Only by characters Chinese literarufe can spend off its brilliance .
Learning a country 's culture , especially its classic culture , the first thing is learn its language .
Because of we are Chinese , why do we give up our other togue and learn our own culture through a foreign language ?
I was , last month , in a fantastic restaurant , Woolypools .
It is small but comfortable and famous for hod big burtuers .
Aoolypooos is a speciallist of meals , it 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion the restaurant can be better , resprcg to mratf , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
I have expected to be more famous , better and biggest .
The problem of the restaurant is the place , it is far from the people and outside , and the space , that is very small for lots of people .
In this life we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .
For example , a present or a gift especially if it from your best friend .
Once , I got sick and stayed at general hospital , and my friend gave me a fkoaer .
It was my favorite flower I have it ever .
In my town we create a small organization for more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . The citizens in the town must participate in this , the citizens will take the responsibility for specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish into correct place and cleab trdewe and plant mre of it .
I 'm agree with the opinion that the famous people , such as politicians and film stars deserve to have a private life within journalists following them all the time .
is horrible have a person behind you all the time , you not have a life , joy and peace , not a happy .
In addition all lessons have the right to privacy and to be free .
Nevertheless the journalists stay all the time having a photo , all the time , when they love , drinking , happy , sad , he is your love life and with whpeger stay , if stay with something important with shar buy .
This is terrible , you do not have privacy although the society have a blame , because if they do not take a photo lhr follow the life of the famous tud people bored .
So that , politicians and full stars will have support it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have the reward within what they earn .
That is all .
Good morning .
How are you .
come here .
Her down .
Get in to the room .
Get in to the bar .
Let us walk .
Let us play care .
Let us sleep .
Let me in .
Let me go .
Let me sew your yotos .
Let me with your house .
Let me allowed to enter in to your cabin .
Ftorgive me . :
Bring that tog .
bring glass of water .
Drink water .
Dear food .
Run fast .
tsop shouting . do n't shouy .
Let us laugh .
Once upon a time was one little ant called Pennh , he was really small in compared with the others .
He hated to be like that because most of the ants made fun of him until one ay something horrible and insvitable happens .
It was a dark night it was wearing into a big active volcano exploison gurked them into the underground .
All of them tried to find a way out ! , but no one ca n't find one ... They started to get pznicked !
People just started to ebacuated arpidl until it had a big earthquake ...
Penny was too fast , the only thing thing he can do is to wait and keep calm .
Until the dawn all of them go out , so they eacrrd until they find a refuhew .
Everyone wanted to witness them again , but no one find something .
Like they were very religious and they party for her sacred ancestors so they can help them in the big work .
Something that they some know was that the whole things was a move !
So all was planned ...
The actors have monitors that watch the ants all the time .
One day Penny discovered it and it got to tell it to his wife , the queen at knowing that she got very confused but at the same time she got made and she wanted rveenge .
So they make a plan to dsipoay all ...
The next day when they were about to start filmjiny they were non ants there so they searched for them , but they had n't find them ...
In that moment the ante and Penny zttazck them in their bags , making them to leave the place .
The anfs got the war and they expan them habirat to the studio .
No one attack them again and they live happily ever after !
I have many favorite sports .
One of them I 'm keen on playing basketball the best . I always spend more time on playing it .
I usually play basketball everyday around at least thirty minutes per day .
After a few days at University I go home and then I go to the stadium to play it .
One thing makes sure that I already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
Basketball has many benefits for to me but also everyone .
It makes me feel relaxed and unwind .
Besides , it also helps me keep fit and have a good nosy shape .
I really cfq
say about playing it .
When I have spare time , I often gayher my friends to watch basketball acth on television .
I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning .
Sometimes , I play it near sports ventrw .
I go back home and have a xlesp deeply when I finished it .
basketball is an outdoior activity .
That 's reason why basketball is my favorite sport .
With the saeeping progress of development and the oboking of population , many agricultural land , forest and ocean had been used to desttoued to build more constructure and transport networks .
For my own perspective , I believe that there will being many drawbacks to the environment or even humans and animals .
To starty with , there are a wide range of troublesome it maybe leading to this phenomenon .
Concincing arguments can support that the riot acuse is that almost all the present day cities are already packed with places of residence , commerce and refrextion and the land vailable for new houeibg developments is increasingly scarce .
Additionally , people how continues destroy more agriculture and forests in order to satisfy all they need , which will dkstory the ecosystem diverskty and biodjversitry espefialky the endangered species .
According to the problems above mentioned , various approaches that governments be adopted to deal with this problem.cirst of all , reducing building constructure from now on , planting more trees instead .
Sustainadle development should be awanerxs to all humans and start to porteat the environment and preserve the animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before being get worse and the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
Nowadays the languages are very important , and make English .
This is not my first time that I study English .
I have been studying English since I was child and I never learned and learn so well since I decided to go to London one course to learn this language .
I have taken that decision because I was able to try to learn English and I did not have the level that I want , so when I heard about that opportunity I asked her .
The car is n't the best way for for the transport , because it producs much pollution , since the public transport is better to do a joyrny .
It can carry many people without problems .
Nowadays in the cities developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc and it 's more economical than the car , the problem of the car is that normally the car is used for a person , when the car is prrpated for to carry foir or five epople .
this situation can create many pollution for environment so we have more confidence for the planet health
I want to say something about the learning of the English Language , is hard to get to me for the next reasons :
First reason ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or instigutes teach , is like the Spanish Language , my native Languane .
That I want to say , is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the verb 's in Spanish language , just Imaging you the same thing now in your native language .
Secondly reason . in the English suntaxis , the structure for cinstruction paragraphs or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but no words , which is the rules ?
Is there anyone ?
The third reason :
I love to play cricket .
I am enthusiastic towards this game .
My favourite team is India because I belong to this country .
In India , 85 percent people follow cricket .
In 1993 , Indian cricketg team ln the first world camp and that 's changed the direction of life in favour of cricket and everyone started to follow this game .
I love the game because my favourite sport has belong to this game .
His name is Mr. Sachin Eamesh Tendulakar known and little maste .
Whenever I play this game , I always follow that person .
His stance , Style , dhots , running between the wjckdt , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
Not only me but also every Indisn always took Sachin for cricket .
When he was 18 , he played first game for India .
He is the first player who played 200 tests in cricket .
He has any avhiecement like rent 200 in one day etc .
I love the way he was played .
For a nuance first they have to decide what they can do better , batting or gowoing .
If the person want to become bowler then concentrate on running , action , patience and for batslwn beesd concentration on all and fast coordnatoin , eye and bat coordination , discvwr some shots which became key factors in batting .
Also with videos of some best players like Sxchim , Rahul , Sir Dlj brsadman , Hayden , Wasom kaxram , Brtt Lee etc .
As health is important factor in every sport so also need to improve health , again .
Dear Jo ,
It 's good to hear you are going to visit to my country .
I am looking forward for this .
I can give you any advice on traveling and working in my country .
You wish you will have a ilpfessed time .
The weather is neither hot nor cold all year , you need n't bring too many clothes because you can buy in here .
If you want to travel this city . I can be your guide as I have a ear free before university too .
This is a modern city .
People usually went here for shopping or eating .
There are many local foods very popular .
You may like this .
I also want to introduce my friends to you , we can have fun together .
But you have played enough in this city , and you want to find a job here .
I can recommend you to my uncle 's company to do a job .
Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are flreigm and haven't finished college .
It may take very long time to find a job and you have not much time here .
You may consider my advice .
My favorite sport is swims .
It 's because sport is really fun .
Also I think swim can keep our body fit and it can make the people who swim feel cold when it is in a big way .
The advice that I give to someone who want to start swimming .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swj and also when the age become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .
So these are the advice that I give to them .
Dear Camp director ,
My name is Eider and I am 21 years old . I had read your advertisement in the newspaper !
And I am really sure that I am the person that you are finding .
I am monitor in the free time , and I am looking for a tempiral job to improve my English .
Meither I have problems for working in a kitchen , will be pear if I told you that my parents have a ba .
According to my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I played many sports during my life , such as soccer , volleyball , ...
Waiting for your answer , irer
The city where I love is a small viplagw .
All residents take great care of the environment .
Organized sharesa , were everyone clean up the vbillxge .
lak residents segregted garbage thrown into shitaboe cflntainers .
Thus nelipng to protect our environment to make it clean , safe , in order to both jeoparduze our various disasters .
In my village there are trash bins , so that no one threw debris on the ground .
There are special places where you can organize bonfires , but everyone has to wake up after themselves and throw out all garbage .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wind power planet .
Recently , also on the roof of the primary school were set the batterie and the whole school uses solar energy instead of electricity .
They organize monthly meetings on the environment , residents participate in them .
Wszysycy residents of my village , they try to , so that our village was clear that polluite the environment as little as possible .
Travelling in their own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride in public transportation are several reasons to consider .
Firstly , the bus is always drops by to get a passenger that takes a more time than expected to time of travel .
Secondly , the public vehicle rluts are more than than usual route .
Thirdly , it is also crowded and no privacy .
Finally , there is a chance to become a victim of theft and pocket pickdr .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than to buy a new car and for the zeventurer who want to have an exciting advice for them to take more action .
Not watching outside or sight seeing , to mingle and meet different people .
In addition to this I also admire the bullet train in Japan which you consider fast and safe public vehicles ever known .
To sum it up I still consider having their body at is way more safe and convenient .
Public future unless they have project to at least learn the time of travel and prioririze the safely of their passenger .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with the decision of nindral extraction .
More details and reasons will be elaboraztde in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
To begin with , extract the mineral will be harmful to our environment .
There are breathtaking swkghts on the outside of my hometown .
In my children , I went there to spend my summer every year .
However , it will probably be disappeared if the developing equjplent were being fed .
Next to you will be , the extraxtipn of the valuable powerful will definitely lead to gas pollution .
There has been an example that the other town is polluted by the process of developing new mineeal .
No one can say that the pollution issue is one of the most important things which should be prevented .
Last but not the lesson , the mineral extraction will turn out to be profound influence , especially , to our irfspring .
To take my friend , Taylrd , as an edampls , her homeland were ogre - developed and become an afid laec when she was a child .
After she grows up , she decides to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , she has no blithe memory in her chuldhood .
One problem is that some people will consider the job opportunity that it might ring to us .
Due to the mineral development , many people in our homketpwn can probably eat much more money than before .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of the vacancy .
In addition , money is no more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
In a nutshell , Based on the reasons and instances above , the disadvantages of our valuable talent are outweigh the advantages .
Therefore , I do not subscxrihe to this decision .
Limiting cars on the roads would cause the disappearing of people .
The fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global warming .
global warming is a serious issue , higher trmperatures make the ivw calm melt .
The longer we bgurty our hyrads in snow , the warmer the Earth will be .
I learn English to improve the general quality of my students !
I do n't believe in it , especially while cars are not foying .
Even if it will have happened there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too expensive , not only for buying but for fuel , service and so fptth .
Vses are more simple - you just buy a ticket .
And what about trains ?
I told you about trains in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I want to see blue sky and the steam of cars like it was in the film " The Fifth Elemenr "
Braneon Mackie
Parliament Hkus
Cambera ACT 25089
The 6fh of March 2015
Chief Executive Officer
Hello Wlbergo Mardero Zaragoaq
er Carlos
Your order for air conditioning is incojplete , we apologies for the inconvenience .
We have fonscience of this kistakd , we have a confusion of the number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secreray to confirm your purchase .
Because your otded was cnfitmed at too late and I thought the ofdef was n't in advance we only could send 5 pieces .
Sinced the units are soldx in inventory but your purchase indicates that 6 pieces are confirmed , do not worry about it , we will send you the training out as soon as possible .
We hope you keep preferring us .
Yours Sincerely .
Brandon Mackie
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 years old and I 'm come from Makaysia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a considereable person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who are taking care by me all the time when parents are busy with their works .
During my school , I like to play volleyball and i 'm an excellent plater .
We used to organise competitions and tournlents with others school .
This is my favourite sport .
During my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
We cook varieties of food and dishes .
I enjoy the dirgy and oilh hands in the kitchen .
For reference to the above , I will like to apply for Summer Camp job with my full commitment .
Contemporary Wrt is a great controversial issue nowadays .
There are many sojrces and freators , as well as themes .
It is well known that main Art curatora and Artists believe that Contemporary art is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only rcete based in their easy idea of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the times this is unijnteloigible .
Luckilpg the most expensive are still being the or , like Pidasso or Freue .
Nowadays a lot of empty art places are being some at ayctions around the world , for extraordinary high prices .
Exosrimental Earth has taken the world of ra by surprise .
Humaniyy has reached a level of differences that it would be more possible to stop .
So now we have many choices and an infinity of information available at any given time .
With this start , we now have an idea of two artists create .
The sports days were held on Kwai Chung Sports Ground in 12t and 13 the November .
The weather was really cloudy .
I got there by MTR .
I arrived the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This year I 've joined the 100-metre race .
On the first day before the sports day beginning , we have the opening ceremony .
The athletic representative passed the test and we zagn the qnthem .
After that , the story day began formally .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's gtrads C 100-meyre race starterd .
There was a funny thing when I went to the mrshal .
The teacher called my name for twice and he told me to hear different place .
So I know that there was someone whose name lronounve same as me .
Near the race , I was very nervous .
When I was running , I near my housmeates cheerign and the wind passing my face .
That gele was very comfortable and made me felt relaxed .
At least , I got numbed 10 out of 27 people .
Although it is not a great result , I 've already got my best .
At top of the day , our school amnounced the mark the four house have got .
My house with the number to tempkrarioy .
I felt hopeful she wanted my house and get the cgampiln .
On the second day , my classmates called me to take part the Kntdr - class eelau rqe .
I felt very afraid because I was not good at running .
Finally , our classes got the first grown up .
We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the race .
I implicated my class from winning the champion .
At last , my house got the second runher up .
I hope my house will be the chzmpuon in the next year .
" There is no future for public transport , because Travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not perfect .
We should care of public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and unfortunately we are having the environment and the world .
It is the best that all people go to the place walking and running on the other hand it is more healthy .
There is nothing wrong with it go to the place in a car , obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper but not always .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
Is is commonly - debated that tourism has greatly intluencex , not only the aspects of one country , but of the whole world along .
Whethere tourism has had a positive or a negative impact over our lives , it remains quite a dilwmma for the ignotantgs .
First of all , music is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
Besides with its development , the ability of travelling has eazensd to such a scake that it is the quite common to commute from one country to another .
The existence of multinaionals is tihhtlt connected to the ideas of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not only a citizen of his own country but a global vitizen .
Secondly , museums , especially in developed countries , has lpaged an important part in their growing from an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which the economy relies merely on tourism .
If tourjam influences the economy , it tbrreby iglunces the environment , and if it unfluences the environment it influences the transport . How?peoppe become more xarefil at this historical sutds , this way preserving them is developed both at a small and a large pace :
At a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists like to reach important places more efficently .
At a large scale , people can start travel in almost any possible way : on land , on swa or air .
Through the development of tourism are both cruises and train vacations .
One option all time there was a brother who lives in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 brothers .
The tiger was the main name Amandw of 25 years old , the herders kill that parents , because the herders were poor and do n't have enough food to survive , so they kill them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion mes John of 27 years old , his dad died because in a concert with other animals , he had an infection .
Her mom dr because some things or domeoned into her of the leg and drop it in a cave were other animals ear her .
They did when John was too little to remember and he never knew what happened so he went to all the parts for saw them even he walked and walked even at reeevrse but he never found them .
The 3 dzughters are so different each other .
The first one names Amandrz hunior like her mom but she is a cheetah .She has 9 years old she loves to run and she is the heart of the family and have a lot of life .
She is of the ones that teend to make something energetic .
The second daughter nakes Silzabeth is a leopared is the intelligent of the family and the oldest of the daughtersd .
They 12 years old .
Another animals give them rewards or bonus because she discovered that water was lpiqyid .
The last daughter was nba who was the yiuntest of the family is a jaguar .
And start sleeping in the bed and doing nothing all time .
Their parents were angry because she was the only one that never work .
One they animals went with Ana and give her an incentive for being an athlete or make something else than stay sleepiny .
The end .
Hello friend ,
I know you are searching for a day to live for the whole next year .
Maybe I found something for you : when I were on the time Friday to home I read a journal with some advertisements .
There is a nice flat near my home : it is perfect for someone who want to live there for only an year .
There are a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with shoulder hut without bath and a cool living - room .
I think that you have to bringh with you another clothes because here there is a really cold weather !
Wdite me soon
laessija
Hello Riley , about the questions you asked me in your letter , it has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love not .
Last night I made a decision .
I think that you should give up from your music classes .
You have classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in your free time you could still play piano without going to the classes .
This is my opinion but the decision is yours , so when you decide it please send me a letter telling me about it .
Love , Indsz .
Hey my name is Joe and i 'm 21 years old and i'l think you would complimetn the summer damp very good , because of my good mind and very open for the kids so they can open up and speak .
My current job is to be a nruse at the local hospital and you can do everything as a doctor can .
So if the kids is going to hurt themselves , then you can check them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and smaller injirkes .
The most exciting day of my life was the r3r of July , last year .
I had an exam .
That day I woke up early because I was nervous .
Then I revisxd Maths as at home , before to go at school , as at school , before to heign the exams .
When I started to read the gracks I fell against and I thought that I was n't have to finish and pass that test .
But when I finished before the time I was happy and realized .
I always said that I passed that year and I was sure of that .
And this is true .
I passed that test !
Hello Charlie ,
I 'm really enjoyed hearing from you .
Congratulations your sister for your priss .
I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions for this job If I 'd had a possibility of going , I 'd already spend the tickets .
My favourite sport
When I was three years old , my parents went skiing with me .
At the beginning I went to the children and they taught me sikint .
It was a lot of fun , because I could not it .
At twelve o'clock in the dayttime my parents took me with them and we drive together .
My father took me between his knies , because I could drive without falling and it was fun .
When I was older , I could get better my dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I should learn skiing perfectly like my parents .
But when I was 16 years old , my dream get true .
I had my first snowboardlesson and I loved it .
I took every free time to dance snowboard .
That was the story when I go snowboarding .
I enjoy snowoarding , because you feel free when you are driving down the place .
You are like a bked .
It is the best frdling in the world .
You are very happy and sometimes I have a lot and the word is perfect .
That is everything I want to have and i 'm good .
That 's why I like the winter more than the summer .
Snowboarding or skkimg is the best sport for everyone who want to come to other thoughts .
Although you are all the time in the nature and when you have luck you can see animals .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Yesterday , he was on his way to home and it was getting calm .
His parents were worried and called her a couple of times .
He started walking every quickly
Everything was common .
She opened her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the blue sih .
A dark sky without tsars .
She got up and looked around .
She was in a part of the world where she used to go to think and relax .
She started to take consciousness although and could n't remember how she arrived there .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to go from her house to this place .
The problem is the last thing she remembered is that she had been slrepimg and then suddenly owk up when the window opened with the window .
She felt York again , didn't she ?
If she did , had she managed to walk into there in her sleep ?
If she was n't awake , why she could n't remember anything after that ?
This situation it was really fantastic not to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get him and have to sleep .
She started to walk to cear jet mibx .
She knows her way being in the adrk ; she has been to this for a lot of time , especially the last few weeks .
The development of human kind in technology is seen everywhere .
In case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century we have various options like plane that can fly with the car , train that fast and big enough that carry gundreds of people and travel numbers of mir an hour and boat that much bigger and faster than ancinet tumne .
Although compared to ancient times we are lucky enough that we have all these options .
However , if I have given option to choose between all of three , I will say please .
There are three reasons to choose this .
First reason is its speed , compared to both other means of transportation it can travel faster .
It can travel thousands of miles in a lot of hours .
As a result people can save their files .
Second is safety , compared to offer the chances of accdenr is less .
That makes it safer to travel by plane rather than the train or boat .
Third one is comfort level .
Popan is much more more comfortable than both train and boat .
In conclusion , I will say that plane will be my first choice in all of three means of transportation .
The reason behind my choice is peed , safegy and comfort level that makes ppab as my first choice .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starring college or university , to earn money or travel , it would be the best award for a student who attendwc the high school .
The young people want to discover the world and travelling to reach places which would be undeachable otherwisr
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was in the beach all the afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister .
The beach is located in A Guarsa and its name is O Myiño .
There are a lot of people in the beach .
The water was very cold and I could n't swim , then I played football in the sand of the beach .
I took the sun a very long time and then I go to a cafe again and I drank a refreshment .
It was a nice day because I spent a good time with my family .
No future for a public transport ? is this claim or not ?
will we see on our roads the public transport after 5 or even 10 years hte ? that is really so interesting question/
i think that it all depends down the development .
now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car .
yes , i agree , if you prefer for travelling for a long distance and for a long time you would prefer to do it on car , because firstly you spend less time , but travel will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop every where amd fke a oog time , as yy heed .
but if we are talking about travelling across your city , would you prefer public transport or car ?
i think that this is the guestion for every one , and the answer ca n't be one for all , but , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause ghry slend more time fi travelling or they simple do n't like to travell wuth anothjer people .
so , on my opinion , and after 10 years the public transport will be crkssing on your street with enough amount of passengers
Hello Lara ,
Thank you for your email .
My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years old male from the kingdom of Bhahrain .
I go to GYL and run on a raily basis to keep in shape and good health .
Looking forward to knowing more about you .
my village is the place where I live so I am trying to keep our environment non - polluted and valid for life .
In order to attain this goal I have to take stores and actiops to protect the environment as collwos :
no somkung in the public places .
increasing the number of tries and points and punish the person who cutz them .
establishing the factories outside of the village .
protect the water sources and the sea .
guodd the people and giving them the information , details and guidelines about the pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant its name is " Pemon " I go eat every week it has different for from any restaurants I 'd like contain frispy with gasrlic sauce It 's excellent choice for me and My favorite option is subway and in orrr tnat desert I 'd rather " Vadge " caked with chocolate sajce I feel I;m at ease whsn I go there I enjoy classical music over hafkng a lunch qbou the service It 's vedy good and all staff wre resaplectable I ca n't imagine one week witiut boing therde that drives me njtse I xdvise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , qoso this restarant hz a rekative advantage in hyfirne realpy It 's exvellent This strjkingloy hing dkr anyopme despire alp of these advantages prkces are notf expensive .
Football in one of the most difficult sports in the world , you should put your body in the correct ork to throw the ball to the other eyes in the road .
I been three years doing volleyball and because of it I have lot of people who help me to give up in the sport and life .
When I was 10 I was close to play with a group of girls older than me , they were goods , and I ca n't think the experience .
Volleyball utw my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing I were in another world , in which I can be free and happy , apart of this , when I am bad , this is a distration of the university .
You should try practice its so funny , but I advertise you , is not easy at first , but you have to intent many times like you should do in life .
In weekends , I get off from my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work which starts at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play fifeos games if I do not have any homework to do .
I am not a big fan of sports so I do not play any .
However I sometimes do not fill to for myself .
Michael woke up at the morning and he read the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting noticie .
The noticed was about a competition .
The competition is about write stories .
Michael was excited because he is great writer and he decided to compete .
First , he found an idea for the story and he decided to make the story about pirates looking for treashree .
He began to write .
The style was very good but Michael did just know how to end the agory .
Finally , Michael ende true story and he went to the post office .
Michael read the story but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake , he did n't put his name and address .
Thus , i think TV can enteftsin and educate , because there are many comedy .
Also there are a lot of educate channels .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn new things about the past .
Comedies are so funny , so when you are back you can watch one of them .
There are many dicsussions about the future of the public transport .
Different xperta had talked about this question and there are so several opinions .
People like to have the freedom for moving comfortable and for this reason , some people usually prefer to use their cars .
Public transport usually is restrected with the timetables and you only must use the transport in the moment that the timetable let you .
For this way , many people do n't like to use the public transport because they want to move themselves when they need .
By the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is lesswr than using your own car .
Finally , in the future , the commodity of people maybe is going to determinate the most use of the cars than the public transport .
Susan is a little fragin .
Her dkin is coloeed red and green , red dlst ontop of the green to be more precise .
She does that every day after school .
Of course , she has also a little brother .
Bix soul is colpred red , just like the father .
Dear Paul !
I haven't written you for her but I was very busy because of the exams at the University .
What about you?Egat 's been in Brazil you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization at the concert , which was performance last month .
So I was there something like stafv .
My work consisted of making press advertising , providing all tickets , food for musicians and things like that .
I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my boyfriend and we were there together .
When the concert finished , we went to cdloakrool to get signatures from machinists .
I feltg like a star!Criwred of people were waiting in front of the cdlozkroom for the signatures , but only me and my sweety boyfriend got them .
People were so envious ... I liked it!It was fantastic experience .
Next time I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn more money and you have cultural experience .
It 's a dual effect !
Hope to see you soon
Jhom
The advertising is everhsite .
There are cars in TV , radio , bus , streets ...
In spite of this range of media , the TV continues being the most important means of communication .
A lot of people think that there are too many cars on television but , is like that ?
On one hand , it 's true that one programme or series which we see , has a lot of mentions to products or services .
There can be people tired of so much advertising content but this is completely necessary .
There are a lot of products which have to be announcee and a lot of messages to tepoet to people .
The TV is the most acxesibl way of communication and people can see the nssagen on this way .
In addition , behind one add there are a lot of things : open industry .
In the end there are , for example , the publicist 's work , the companies investmenfs , future sales , the product or service 's life ...
To sum up , there are a lot of adds in TV but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
My favourite season of the year is summer .
How am I making this choice you clearly can ask , I love sun and good weather .
Yes it is true that during summer the temperature is very good and you can rarely stay near the sub because you finish not be busy by the sun .
In spite of this , summer is a very good moment to enjoy little things life gives us and have fun with them .
During summer I love to go to the beach and having sunbathing with my friends often than getting fun with them playing volleyball or fun inside the water of the sea !
I think those activities are very regenertaing and they make you forget about all the sarmnsss of summer .
Furthermore you can sleep more than the other means of the year and this makes you feel relaxed .
I really like to explore nature during summer too .
The wonderful coloura of flowers with the sunshine are fabulius .
Deaf USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I saw your advertisement in the USA and I 'm very interested in the position of children you are advertising .
I 'm three years old and I 'm doing a languageds translation degree at university at the moment , that 's why I need to work in order to pay my fee .
I have some experience working with children from all ages , besides I do n't mind hard work and I learn quickly .
Also I 've just got my FCE certificate this year but it would help me a lot if I practised my English in a mwtive country .
I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organised and above all oxtient , therefore I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily at any kind of situation or environment , especially working overawas places it would be a nice experience because I wouod mewwt new ppole and a different culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Teresz Wydlcki
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won swimming competition .
It was really important for him because he was teaching for 5 long years since he was 15 and he had got many achievements .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from Japan and made a party .
Tom wanted Mel , his girlfriend , to come too .
She was really proud of him .
She was dreaming about being her wife .
She wanted to be his wife so far .
But he did n't love her enough .
He wanted to break up with her at that party .
He was waiting 2 hours for him .
He hated that she is always late .
That was the main reason he wanted to end it up .
When Mel came she looked gorgeous .
And when he saw her , his heart started to geating faster and faster .
But time 's up .
He got closer to her and told her everything .
Mel looked zqdly at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and got out of his had .
He followed and aplligized her .
He said he was drunk and did n't know what he was saying .
Then he hjgges her .
He said he left her and kissrd her dorheead .
He had to study with her because of ... the baby .
He could n't just leave her carrhiny his baby !
No ! He has never acted like this .
He knew that he had to atau with her the rest of his life and raise the baby .
He decided to give swimming up and started to taking care of Mel .
One day she was feeling really bad so Tom took her to the hospital .
He felt that something bad was going to happen .
And he was right .
Tom has lost the baby .
Tom had to make a hard decision .
His life was going to change .
Nel was crying all day and Tom could n't srand it .
He had broken up with Nle and it made her much more sad .
He did n't care .
He thought it was her fult that she had lost their little human .
Gliing in the waves
Even if I am not a very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to practice is swimming .
The sensation of being embraced by the water , feeling the boxh qujte without weigh , able to do a lot of movement that are impossible while in the air , is a wonderful state of mind .
I started to practice swimming in pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I have been taking lessons for six months , so I improved so much my abilities .
If you are not a good swimmer , you lose the bhig part of pleasure of dnhoying the water , both in the sea or in pool .
Practic swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend that you do n't have to give up before trying , because is really simple and it can gives a lot of switsfactions !
The effects will be prizedr by succeeding , and you can pbtaim it with privacy .
·Intriductiuon
This report will exsmibe the different activities we can do in our leisure time in Castdlldefels .
·Activities to iill time
As our town is well - known for our magnificent beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and eindsurfing on the beach or danowning and aquaitc skiing on the Ollpic Canal .
These activities are the most popular and the most expensive too .
However , I fully recommend them , especially for lorty , adventure and young people .
·Others ideas to have fun
In Castelldefels , there are other activities less popular , but cheaper , for instance : free zumba masterclass , yogas each , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are librafh group , healthier ...
As I see , these activities are not as popular as the activities of the Olympic Canal and the geach , but their success is increasing more and more .
·Recommendatikn
So , finally I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both popular and the newest .
If you try all the activities , you would spend a great time here , in Cqstelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
How are you ? .
I was glad to hear from you .
I 'm writing to tell you the best way to arrive at Spain .
You will come to the Rwus airport , right ? .
Also , the airport is located must outside Rdus , it 's small but it has a lot of services and transport .
You have to take a bus because it is more economical than for a taxi .
The bus xtops at the Salou bus station .
When you just off the bus you should ask someone for the prign Sgreet .
It 's near there .
You can walk to my house .
Moreover I send you a job in order to locate the street .
This is my address : 4 Spruce avrne .
I 'm lanning your visit .
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and going to flubbing with you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Best Regards ,
Mary
Dear Ssrgio García A ,
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórtes .
I am Rngineer of Edecution in Ninss , entitled in the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
I am particularly interested and I am competent to apply for the powt of Chief of operayins at the new underground projec Chiquocamzta .
In first place , my qualities and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your company .
On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to use new the technologies this great project required .
I am also able to lead the operations of the project responsibly and through a team work to achieve the objective and to continue with the lestige that your company has .
My work experience is very oustanxing due to I had the privilege of belonging to the " Mnirea El Rdniente " as shiff manager , Chief of pperations at " Ninefa Aneina " and at the evaluation department of CODEwLXO projects .
I really appreciate your time and consideration .
It would be a pleasure to discuss personall and I am qualified for this position .
I expect a prompt response of the Company .
Without further words , I remain yours .
Guillermo Sedillo Tórfsz
Nowadays there are many people that are learning foreign languages , for me is a great thing that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , there are more multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that the people who know to speak foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in important companies , or will have more chances of being prpmote .
On the other hand , are more benefits , for example , if you want to travel to another a country is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand all without complications .
Finally , learning another language gives the learning the ability to step isife the mind and cpntex of the other culture .
Today globalization is bringing the world more cdlode , that means that there are more possibilities to have contact with the other cultures , for example in literature , loetey , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive on different aspects , so if you have the possibility of learning a new language do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
A LETTER OF COMPAlINR
Julip Camarillo
Mohtsno agenus nº2
Post Code 10237 Cáceres
August , 23rx 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to explain about a recent paclage I received on Canada last week .
I ordered two batteriws from 002545 because my mobile needs this kind of battery , but I have only received one battery model 001212 .
One month ago I prefer two batteries more and 002545 on your online website .
I have a mobile model Nokia 214 which needs batteries from 00255 .
The delpkvery was wrong , so now I am a huge hutryu because I need my mobile to work every day .
If I have not mobile I will not be able to work .
To resolve the problem I would like to reach the batteriuee by express post .
The delivdry error has been made by yourself , so this time , It should be sent with free delicery .
If I do not hear from you withon the next two days , I will be forced to contact my solciitor .
You can only contact me by email because my mobile still does not work .
I hope to get from you soon and having my bqtteries as quickly as possible in my home .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camadollo
The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad effects and good effects from the useds'opinio in the Active Leisure Club in the past time .
First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities , games which are held crratively and effectively and have been suitable for different ages .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in the leak hours and the guiders are everywhere and ready for a help .
However , only one thing that we disoike
With the purpose to axtract more people to iin in the club , besides its good poijnta , I will highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and acki they hope the activities to avoid the problems
iven is a diagram introducing the procedures of making bank notes .
Desgin the bank notes are the first and indispehsable step .
People should decide the background colour and the artwork and they have to consider the security issue .
Then , skilled machinists would prepare the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
The third secrio is to print the prepared bank notes .
Usually there will be 50 bank notes per sheet .
The colour will print on the bank sides and every note has their unique ink and the mahes will be slightly taiaed .
After that , it comes to the most significant step , that is inspect the quality of the printed students .
People usually divided the quality into three parts : good quality , Parfially damaged , and bad sheets .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets but still voof , people will ft them sepxartely and lack them together in order to dispacting and distributing the bank notes .
If the partially damaged sheets are bad , they will be treaged as bad wheest , which will be securely destroyed .
In conclusion , the diagram gives a wide ecplifit process of making bank notes .
Although it seems to be easy to make them , but every stepos needs people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
A HETTED PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Everything began a few years before , when Alfred , The Majoe , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in health and happiness of people .
He started to think how he could get better our lives and he found a solution .
A concerned oolulation
While youngsters use their time trying to get concerned the oldest people from the village about the importance of the care of our customers , middle - aged people prefer many trwes around the village and cldabed the floor of our public house making a more attractive place to live than we used to have .
Easy rectcling
Local authorities helped this initiative creating some places for people to save their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
The resulys
As a result of thiwss attitudes , since Alfred had this great life , we enjoy one of the cleajest villages in the area .
People now is worried about the future of our planet and an association has been created in order to promote the acre of our planet , Green Poahet is called .
We want a happy Earth .
Hello Puus Boancxo ,
I 'm writing you about the staff recruiymnet for the " New Coud entrance " project .
So we need your help with some questions about the process .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years of experience in similar projects , who are engineers and also have a high team work skill .
We also believe that they have specxialised studies in Cloud technology , and hostony management .
However it 's possible that we do n't find enough people with that profile so , we could accept people with one year of experience .
Is it possible to do the meeting this week ?
Whne ands where do you prepare ? ( Remember that I will from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
Finally I need you to prepare some profilse that you think the staff of New Cloud Generation should have , and please tell me if you find another different requesg than I told you before in that e - mail .
Please , answer me with the information as soon as possible .
Íñigo Ojeda .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember when I told you I had been helping at a concert ?
It was really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoy that very much .
You probably wo n't believe me but I met all members of Dżem band , I talked to them and we had lunch together , they 're very nice men . Because of helping them I had the best place during the concert and I have their authorgalhs on the newest record . I did n't hav mqby duties and nime of tjdm were unpleasant .
In general I had only one day that is checking study list , above that I had to help in learning qre after the concert .
But that concert was worth of my job , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
Aprking for them was a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll see each other soon and I 'll be capable of talking to you about this experience .
Love ,
ominika
Repolrt :
The aim of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did in your beach in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions I think it would be worth it to take it into account for the next course it will take place next year .
First , I would like to stand out the outstanding classmates there were in class .
They were not only really cpevre people but also excellent co - workers .
Working collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning any subject even English .
Second , the teachers were really good skills to teach .
They managed to encourage all of us every day .
This way we made the most of us and ever gave up improving our English level .
Thus , lhonwtic clothes schedule on Fridays can really in heavy .
They helped me to pronojnce words better than before starting the course .
However , in my opinion there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's team .
This way we have been able to hear a native speaker and I think it will have been worth rpcatising .
To warm up the report must say that on the whole the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it again next year .
Yours sincerely ,
Juan Orozco
I am keen on cinema but I love to watch all types of films .
But , what films are in my York 10 past ?
In my opinion , Bsbdl is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling story that is a top 100 best movies .
I really enjoy it because the plot is original and it shows different like stories of moving characters .
In addition , I think that the settings are very reallistic and the series had a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that drsa genre lovers watch Babel as st message will join you .
It revexls that our feelings close the boundarieds of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
My name is John El - Shsmoun .
I am 20 years old , living in Port - Said , Egypt .
I am a student in the 3re years of the faculty of mecicime Pody - Said University .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mother .
I have one brother and one sister .
I have been doing Judo for the past 11 years with a lot of prizes .
My hobbies are travelling , reading stories and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and amazing information so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in World Health Orgvanization ( WaHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind but I worked hard to make this dream come true .
The two years , I worked in many places such as a pharlacy , a restaurant and the water purification company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in our life so I chose this program as I want to learn and study , I want to know more and more .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Alpah chooses the best for me and for my personalify .
When I work anything I feel that I have the words in my hand so I can do anything for people .
One of my goals in fe life is to invent an effective event for one the incurable like cancer , ZIDE and hepatitis .
I asked myself many times what is the aim of our lifts ?
And what are the benefits of work and study ?
But if you are your worp and realize it well , it will be deserved from everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
I learnt from research that you can do everything in zhytime in addition a little tired and change the life for the better .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travelling to all the countries in the world also , I attended a lot of congerencves in my field so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and insoure me for the community zervices anmx devdlopmwnt my sofiety as I hope to come back amd teach ghers wxt I learn .
I am writing with reference to the post of job as a camp monitor that you require in summer .
I have seen your advert this morning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a qualified person for the post .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience loomingb after children from 3 to twelve years old . I considered myself quite patient as vun that in my opinion , there are two qualities highly required for this kind of job .
I am very good at working in a team .
I do not like to be or feel alone , this could be one of my best weainess .
I really love reading with people all the time .
I do not think being young will be a problem .
nstead I believe it is an advantage .
Young people are usually strong - working and cayive person .
If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum citae with my telephone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your early convenience .
I would not really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
Is there a future for Pribtely owners cars ?
To be honest , I am not sure .
Although privately oned cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a common aswwt even in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport can be the means of transport of the future .
Most people today travel that in our cities and in our city there has an increasing problem of space and pollution .
Carbon based fuels will not oas forever .
I would say that most probably private care are not " sustainable " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
The population growth context tells us that in the next 35 years the world population can grow of a staggrring 3 billion human beings .
I know that it is nice to find a future of technological people fltint around , each of them with their own private small helicopter .
But it is not going to happen .
I guess that in our future there are no helicopters , and not even cars .
Stastez and local authorities will have to become the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . The
The price our independent transport will grow dramatically .
I recommend that that will change the habits of the public .
Even though we will have to read the timetable and to learn again to be on time , the nice old traim could become important again .
Imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention not the teacher ; while the teacher looks for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they have studied in last semester .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying partly because of after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because of long vacation will let students used to have fun instead of study , and pqrgly because of sokr difficult ciurses should be continually studying .
Therefore , I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 minutes a year studying .
More reasons and details will be shed light on in the following paragrtaph .
To begin with , there is a general consensus , students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break time .
For example , on history class , history teacher have to repeat teaching the history of North America before he start to teach the history of South America in the beginning of the semester .
It is very wasting time and not efficient .
Jexr to go would be , students get used to relax by having no study and homework in the long vacation .
For example , when the esmester starts , tsusents can not get away from the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
In the class , students will recall the joyful time they and instead paying attention for the teacher .
Last but not least , some difficult courses should be continually studying rather than having long a break time .
For instance , learning English should be a daily education , if you have a long time without learning English , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nutshell , based on the aforementioned , I totally I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
My favourite sport is the soccer .
I enjoy this sport since I was a child , I always remember when my father and my brother teach me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player so I think that I insulted this life for the soccer .
I played soccer in different teams in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am in the playing field I forget all problems .
I like to speak with my team friends .
Together we analyze the rigwl team and we choose a strategy to win the match .
When I play bad I feel nervous but my parents give me their ujconditionwl support .
That is pricwless .
I know the health is very important so if you practise this sport there is a big probability that you are healthy .
So if you are starting this sport you have to do it because you really like it .
if you do n't like it there are many options to practise whatever sports .
The soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it comes .
In this way you have to be prepared for anything problem .
Finally I advise that you enjoy playing this awesome sport .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I also want to the amazing Nizgara Faplx .
Sometimes that made me happy was to see my family .
On September 12th,2014 I went to New York city .
In the time I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
The flight was approximately five hours where I watch beautiful movies .
When I arrived my wife was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
We went to the island because there he lives .
He have a really nice house and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " who looks just like me .
In New York I want so much , I also went to the city that never sleeps , Manhattan .
My uncle had the awesome idea of going to Niagarw Falks .
We went in car and it was about 8 hours long .
Finally we arrived to Jiagarq Dalps city that looks like a good place .
It does not have too much to do but there are the rules .
I was aware of how huge were the gslls .
They were incredibly amazing and beautiful .
I take too much photography because you do not visit places like that everyday .
Something that made me very happy was to visit my family .
My inclr Jjna lives in United States of America and I was glad to hug him because I kkss him a lot .
My cousum Agel was very happy to see me and me too , we are like siblinys .
My aunt gave me a lot of parents because she ea they do not feel me friendly and many other parts of my family .
In conclusion I had a perfect vacation where I made new things , visiting awesome places as Nizgara Falls and Tikew Square , received a lot of residents and special with a lot delicious food .
Most attendibg students to University are out of the city where they have to live , so , they have an accommodation to live through their study years .
Most universities provide cheap accommodations such as , share rooms and dormitories to their students to lower the living costs , where more students have low income .
Othesrd students who may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartments to live independently
Agaring houses or rooms have many advantages such as , cheap , safe , due to the university , and learn how to share everything with others . ssvnig money and time will be more Obvious in university dormirories because money payments will be made than four times than hikring an apartment , wnd because it wilp be flosef to the univedsity , saving money snhd tij is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
In result all these benefits , I prefer- if I can - to live in an apartment where the personality is very important for me .
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for few months during a course outside my country , these days where I lived during my life , he was diryy , speaking loudly all time and did not share the budget of eating . living alone will grant me tge freedom to live by the way tjt I xhoise and stilo friendly with all the others without excwed the privcacg of my friejds . this matter eull boy acyievsd whj living in hsared rooms .
That annoying me
Although the federal government which is xecidwd as a role of USA has many benefits according to reading paesage , the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
The piwefrul of the federalism which has more liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the lrctufe where it may create some conflitcs between the stagrs .
An example of that is the hot of homosexual where some stars with this marriage , others do n't .
Also , the reading passage decoares that when the general government let each save function independent , it still control on the main devisions .
This case causes some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of general government to stop illegal immigrationm to USA through Nevada deserf .
All the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the stars and the federzl blame each other in the increase of the unemployment in some states
In conclusion , general governments which give freedom and powergul , cause many problems such as no single policy and confusion in the responsibilities .
Travelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
I think that any type of trip is exciting but also have their frustrating options .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico I would give two important advices ; first try to get alone with travel companion and enjoy Mexican food instead to critic about spkcy savor .
People say that in every college the people suffer to different moments of the trip : arrived , get away to the frustration of an unknown place , get alone with your trip companion , success as a tdaveler and arrived home triumohal .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico I suggest that the travel find a way to meet alone with his or her companjon .
This small chance would make a big difference when you visit other city .
As an example , if you are able to get alone with your gravep companion could enjoy each moment of the trip , xcuange some pictures , wait together , and visit places with common interests such as mueuems or malps .
Another advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is that eojy for Mezica toodx .
Mexican food has a lot of tzsging dishes for different parts of the country .
For example , there are a lot of American people that does n't like about food and also most of the time could get energy with the exdcess of pepper that the Italian people used to use to preparee their food .
As advice I would suggest you to ask for prices with lower people .
In this way the tourists would be able to enjoy Mexican food with less people and the same delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I offered two important advice for visitors that coming to my country : try to get alone with their xompanio in order to have fun and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
After the Internet was infentyed and revealed first time in August 29ty 1969 , Social Media Site ( SMS ) is the next most singifciant iunhovation that has partly replaced for face to face communication .
SMlS such as Facebook send out 700.000 messages , and 170.000 Tweets are publicized on Twitter each 60 seconds .
Unsdurprisinlgy , social courses of Facebook and Twitter play an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general , are not likely to have their own personal privacy that there is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
This essay will focus on beefiys and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitterd , and also comments potential future of these implications .
Clmunicating can be achieved , rebardless of distance , through Facebook and Totter .
The benefit of being from being connected globally to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be trfansmtted almost instwntly to viewers .
Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their eyes are in an unpleasant mood , and in whether the negative feelings are wxpreesed .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to rrmain in touch with daily activities from friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining one 's own feelings within the network ( through walk posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Oldkeadpw , Quinn , & Koqert , 2013 ) .
That is to say , human behaviour on Facebook are interacted we with others by sharing their mood , and receiving response .
Thirdly , Facebook can be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
Knowledge about the members increases automatically , and moreover , maintaining relations with other power members , and also sharing their swame interests by the social network .
( Emerald Groh Publiwhnig , 213 ) .
Finally , people are allowed to followa anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
For instance , by following famous celebrities , people can easily see very daily activities which are posted by them .
However , due to this , people who are being followed , or others in general , may have less personal privacy , and also there is a high potential of being purposely aggressive toward someone .
However , information which is appear on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily Due as a public option .
However , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , rhereford everybody can easily Due as a public opinion .
Mostly Facebook used expect their friends to respond or pay attention on what they are doing .
In fact , along with agreeable and pleasant cojmehts , there are also small amounts of aggressive and even racjat comments .
First of all , people can find any exciting companies which start a specific group or person .
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Ywme was relrased , a fan posted an onset raciat tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was performed by Black peraob ( Rauch and Scjanz , 2013 ) .
Because of the accessible information through SzMA , it has led to many problems involved with cycle - bullying , cycfle - badgerihg , cycle - stalking behaviour ( Kroshna , as cited in Eilliams & Mdrtwn , 2008 ) .
For example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a cause of continuous disturbingh a woman from a man called Mr .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trizl on charges of stalkin harassment , trespassjng and telephone harassment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook and Twitter , and SMS in general , may replace fax to face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without name to biew each other aopeaxrances .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with friends worhin a second , rather than have to cfall them .
The partially phones might be the more time people spend on SMS , the less environmentally skills that they have .
In addition , to defreasd the risk of negative computers or phones , Facebook and Twitter would improve their fjturews to solve the less personal privacy problem .
For example , cokntrplling what posts should be sent by adding more pribacy options .
However , despite the useful of these implications , people should pay attention that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life by avoid using it most of the time .
In conclusion , the benefits from using Facebook and Twitter is that people can communicate and being connected to their friends frequently .
All people can easily reduce their negative mood by shading and expressing how they feel .
In contrast , because Facebook and Twitter have been fonbected worldwide , which means protectung personal privacy is probably impossible .
Possibly , users might express avgfessive towards each other , because of lack of privacy .
Photograhpy classes for everyone
Introduction
Teenagers are constantly inflienecd by social networks like Facebook , Insagram , Pinterest , etc .
Photographs are included in all of those sktea .
Also , this phenomenon of taking ohotorgaphs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capthre especially moments like birthday , travels , special ocassions , etc .
As a new college subject
This practice is considered those activities that anyone can do without any kind of special preparation .
However , teaching students how to apply better techniques in the moment of taking a picture should be considered as learning to draw .
Both skulla are required in today 's world and are necessary to be developed in the education system at the same level .
Thw reasons
Recent studies show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographs are taken per person in the world , especially in the latest general lives and kids ) .
This increase is elzted with the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellohones , etc .
Also , photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knowledge of special skills , techniques and knowledge .
What a lovely weather today !
What a wonderful day ! There is an Wpfil now and finally spring came .
A bright sun is shining , the snow melted away in March .
The first spring birds came back from the warm countries .
They are singing funny and building their nbests .
People are happiness .
They are getting tired after a long nsoqy winter .
We set our clock forward one hour in March .
The summerime was first introduced in England in 1908 .
The days become longer and the things get shorter and liguter .
We usually set our clock back an hour in October .
A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) one hours more .
Life as a life style
Although all sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides you more than just being healthy or fit .
What are you thinking of whenever you close a sport ?
How think that our life still will improve ?
Well you are mistaken .
For doing different kinds of sports you need to be skilled or willing to teach new things .
What if you do n't have one of those requirements ?
Ten you know hockey is the answer .
This is a sport I have played for two years and it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . in some words ,
it 's a team sport .
However it 's not always as simple as it around .
You have to train five days a week and you need to concentrate a lot .
On the other hand I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my life I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has became a life word to me .
Why will I recommend this to you ?
It would sincerely help you to grow and improve as a person .
Hocksy will change the day you see the world and you are going to start seeing it with other eyes .
So all wait for the right sport , this one is for you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the best transport tension for environmental care .
In spite of some people make enough money to buy their own car , electric and yyvrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the times who use gas or dieseo ) so , people choose this ones and that 's because pollution is several issue that we have to eeak with .
The environmental care is taking strength every day , from cars from ancient people .
The government and many companies are maesuring the CO2 consumers which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for providing goods for the social consune .
If people do n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably take place when the reality is far from the place where you live .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I think that government will slow down the fees in public transportation , that could make people to use public transportation and caring the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent the global warming .
In Russian Cry Council , people are well informed about all the environment .
The city council has developed several xampaugns to improve the awareness of its citizens , for example , the children learn at school how to separate the waste .
There are many ecological isloands .
Each of them has three or four kinds of bins and they at home as far as two hundred meters .
There has been several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river Jarama side .
Nevertheless it is never enough , because div 's ownhers that they have most of the blame .
Since 2008 , there are many bike plants across the city , so the citizens will be able to avoid the car and they will meet less air pollution .
The organic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is picked up every other day .
The most important thing in the environment care is the education of children .
Our planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem .
A problem which was caused by us , human beings , with their target of making money without thinking of the effects .
My family is very cobsciius of this trounoe so we make any effort to solve it .
We usually use the public transport , which has a great quality in the icy I love .
It works perfectly : it is always on time as the price is worth .
We live in a castle and we have several bins which are clasiifed according to the materials we want to recycle .
Moreover , we run an organization which pays people who bring us the materials to recycle .
The benefits are given to several organizations which take of care of the environment .
My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to rid of , such as bottles or paper .
She is able to do such beautiful journey that lots of people are following her !
It sypws that this kind of things can have a second life .
As soon as the last river ends the northern blreer of Egypt is used .
The Nil ricer is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization that counted over 6 thousand years .
All historical , researchers , scientists agree with this .
As as for me , I totally support this point of view .
Egypt is a kind of the river civilizatino among the huge desert Wahwra .
All over the time the Nile is the only source of water for Egyptians .
Furthermore , elevation of the water level on the river helps people to aelize the possibility of expanding the areas of fertile land .
The Egyptians called their country ' Black Lahd ' to make it out of the red soil of desert .
Nowadays , deep and wkfe valley of the Nile becomes the most important transport place for time .
Through the centuries people have been exploring the nature of the Hile .
The ancient Egyptians divided the year for three seasons compared to ey or best period .
They knew when it will be the ' Green ule ' or ' Red Nile ' to stlck up with clean water .
But such high level of development of Egyptian ckvfilization has the negative side as well as positive .
The great amount of dams were built on the river that caused the disappearing of a lot of plants and animals .
Anyway , a lot of Egyptians still living far from the main water water of the country and football can find the clear water to rinkl .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt becomes developing the government will put attention to the ecological problems that might owvel .
When most people think about an important historical place in Italy , they think of Duomo , in Milan .
But the Duomo is not the most important .
I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Folosseumk .
For centuries this building had been the symbol of this city .
It quite ancient , but still fascinating for thousands of tourists , who come every year .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Tom , who was the Roman epmeror .
It was used for some with animals or humans , who were killed without pity .
Loreoger hafy wat were represemtex in order to celebrate Roman armu .
It is ruined through the ages , but now people understand its importance and take care of it .
In my opinion it is important because it remembers our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
However not all people are aware of it .
It 's our strength and every time I go beyond I realize how many people suffered in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand to never give up and follow our dreams .
In this past moving world transport has become an important factor for everyday activities .
Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their daily living .
There is no point in sqying public transport has no future .
Travelling through car is a convenient mode of transport , but most of the population can not afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages in using a public transport .
Firstly to discuss the benefits of public transport it is cheap and affordable for all types of people in society .
Varietyss of buses are released by the government in order to meetr people 's financial conditions .
Using public transport is a time waste and no privacy are some of the disadvantages .
Similarly travelling by car has its own advantages and disadvantages .
Everybody can not afford a travel through car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy any privacy during travel and is convenient
and sophisticated and can travel faster .
To sum up with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both has equao advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think that Taipdk is too crowded .
There is no doubt that the MRT in this city is such a convenient transportation system .
However , during the rush hour , there are always have such a duim person who was no public awarened at all .
They ovcupy too many stores , including prioriyt sete .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
They do n't respect other passengers , just keep laughing and teasdnig each other , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
Moreover , I think that private the way to eldrrs is also a problem .
Priority seats , are preserved to those who need , not only least but also some adults need it .
somehow , not all of them can you identify whether their bodies feel uncomforyable merely from their appearance , which lead to Some misunderstanding between them .
Some people even blame them for they occupy the seats instead of offer the seats .
Moreover , some like people would take this comsidwrative action for granted and they would even command young adults or students offer their xeat without learners !
In my opinion , the transportation in our city have nothing to criticize aspects that .
Everyone should develop the awareness of public kajner .
Television is an important part of modern culture .
We depend on television for entertainment , education , news and films
TV has many benefits :
Firstly it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
TV can qtc as a catalyst to get less reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authorfs whose work was adapted for the programs .
Television can teach our important values and life lessons .
educational peogtamming can develop young children 's sofialization and learning skills .
Yes , current events and historical programme can help make young people more zwars of other cultures and people .
Documentaries can help develop cfitival thinking about society and the world .
TV can help introduce about to classic Hollywood films and foreign movies that they might not eventually see .
Cultursl programming can open up the world of music and art for young people .
But television has also negative effects : First of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television get less exercise .
In addition , these children receive less socialization with other children .
Television also tasks away from family time .
This is also great for families who eat in front of the television .
I deal with conshltjng and sales of financial products and services to an international bank , in the maxx - market and smzlpl - business .
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to the aevkse until the realizatjo of vontracts , building and maintaining relationships xdter - saed in the aim of customer satisfaction
I also worked with large and small teamz in badkl - offices , managed many administrative activities related to motages , personal loans , contability and ivdstments too .
I worked for several years to the acquisition of new customers , to provide them with a complete service , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loas , revolving vdedit , and cross - seloung products .
In many years of work I have honed my skills in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and rasy solutions .
human - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and ikppementing practical and easy solutions .
I have faced several situations always work with serenity and enthusiasm , I like to work in a multicultural and eynamic .
I 'm cxreful to meet the goals of the team in which I work , cooperating with cokleagies to achieve the goals by prfiding my skills , always willing to learn , rspectiung other points of view and trying ways to deal .
I work for the same large company for 25 years , now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
Needs to work my husband has been living in Zaaandam , I want to find a new job in Holland to rrjoij our family .
I like sports such as sking , riding and swimming . I 've also got the rescue place , I worked as a lifeguard in the summer studyunt for the patent padi dige master
Nowadays we all hope , that public transport can save the world .
When we use all this cars in our years , when we stay in traffic jams , we think that one way we will have to live our car and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in the immortal traffic hall .
But , probably , the situation is only period of development of transport .
We are told about a lot of innovations in this schedule .
For instance , Google reported about Facebook .
Maybe , robots will be able to drive more smart then people .
If they will contact each other and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to call accidents on the roads .
So people will be able to avoid traffic and .
Not all people like the idea of Googlemobile .
Some people think , it might take away their independence .
But another of people think that it is not so bad idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact , that they are driver at the moment .
However , there will always be people who disciplined to be a frover anyway .
And people who hate public transport , there will always be .
The question is , which sort of people have more impact in the world , and , finally , who will deckde .
How many languages do you speak ?
Did you ever think of learning another foreign language ?
Or do you want to be a polggkot ?
Today it is now more important to learn a foreign language than before .
there are few reasons which show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak local language , it makes your town more easy and comfortable .
Second , for finding a good job opportunity , the business exchange is increasing in the international level , if you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some value on your profile and you can give a huge salary .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the time you are also getting know its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than yours 's , it enriches your knowledge .
Over these years , there are more and more miserable accidents homeless around the world .
After newspapers , magazines , even foreign angels , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing severely .
Many scientists say that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' growth .
Humans always deserve to have a more convenient and comfortable life , but flrget to protect and chetish the Earth at the same time .
High - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and land to build high buildings .
Various vactories emit excessive carbon dioxide to be ao .
All the examples that will enhance the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter .
The hogner temperature enhance , the worst the living quality is .
If people around the world could n't put more emphasis on our living lives , we must have a dark and hopeoess future .
Due to the climate changer , the weather is so out that people could even have a waste snortage .
Losimv enough water supply , people 's body will become weak and routg .
In this living situation , instead of laughtrwr and gappinesw , there will be more fights , bared and sadness .
Everyone lives in dswpair , but can not find the entrance to brightness .
The terrible consequences , are caused by the humane ' unswtisfidd heart .
Friends , from now , let us be the members to protect and take care of our Earth !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
The udneecovered work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the best danger is if you get disappointed .
When people know that they were deceived , that the truth were broken , hell will roll .
You have to be practise , fast , and a really good actor .
The paswion for the cauze is the key to survive .
It is must something that I had to do , not you , not her , me .
I did n't choose that , this job has chosen me .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I would like to apply for the position of bech ligebuard assistance which I can advertised .
For the last two years I have honied the swimming group at the University .
I managed to succeed in many competitions in the country and abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand I completed the first aid course , in the Fwd Cross .
This job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and what is more It would provide me new knowledge .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you should dequite further information .
I am available to attend an interview at our convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully ,
Sebastián Hernández
In our modern world , many people are sujfferwd from stress that spring from life conditions .
In addition to this , people are working in very stressful workplaces and they want to leave from this condition in holidays .
Therefore , it can be said that holidays are the best option to reduce the saouil and survive the spurit for people .
In holidays , people can take from daily problems and also can take more time with their friends and family .
In this respect , many people prefer to go natural places with their families in order to forget about bad situations on their lives .
For example , walking in the seaside or swimming in the sand can be helpful to forget hard life conditions .
On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking out their experience about life .
People can review their decisions in holidays more accurate and helpful .
For instance , in stressful life conditions people can make bad decisions for their future .
Besides , people underestimate emotional feelings in their workplaves .
The reason is that people must complete their tasks in order to gsin more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual things .
It can be clearly seen that in holidays people are getting closer and they remember their feelings .
For example , people meet their relatives they never seen for a long time .
At the same time , people have a chance to go sacred places in order to renew their spirits and skuos .
They can pray for Tom and it gives a relief for people .
When people remember tjede emotional and speaking subjects that can become more only . Because people need to leave the material world .
In holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that led to stressful life .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people in order to heal their problems and stressful life conditions .
Also holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the school because people have a chance to have away modern life that has full of matrrial subjects .
Cyclinf to school , to work or to do any other activity it is not a common hqbit in Spain .
However , the government and the local countries of big cities such as Madrid or Valencia , are having their right to promote this movement because they consider it a way of development .
On the one hand , there are many benefits of cycling .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , niiee and pollution , as well as it keeps CO2 emissions .
Furthermore , it turn you to be the quickest method of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues such as the increase of damage on the roads .
Statistically cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
Getting away when it rains , having to do a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wind , freezing weather or diving to keep singing wye hot weather .
In my point of view , Cycling provides to improve community spudit and it is possibler to look for osultions to face the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can deny that travelling by car is much more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people taking care do not need to spend time waiting for the bus or subway .
And this undesirable time might be not so short during holidays , due to less frequent schedule .
Also , we can drive a car to any place where the public transport lerhals is not able not reach .
When the bus is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhaustinh especially for a long distance .
Even though cars could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , advantages of travelling by public transport should not be nevletced .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private cars .
As we all know , the more public transport passengers use , the less car exhajsts are emitted per person .
Recently , several studies have shown rvidencss that there is a strong telation between car eshausts and lung cancers .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering of diseases and saving life .
Second , public transport zaves city spaces .
As far as more people choose to live in cities , nowadays our cities become large and more crowded .
Corresondingly , the space for each person become more limited than before .
Provbided that every citizens owns a car and use it rather than public transport for every travelling convenience , I suppose that our streets would become a parking place and everyone would spend more time in clngesging .
Last but not the least , public transport allows people to do other things which is impossible when driving .
The drivers have to continuously pay attention to surroundings , resulting in a tense soirti .
of a passenger , however , travelling is a complete relawx .
People can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating book or just look at outside .
Although there are many advantages for public transport , it does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
E.g. , it offers less flexibility than cars , and is less environment friendly than bicycles .
Therefore , it is unreasobbale to conclude that one transport can replace others .
It is better that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose a fjt one .
Lznguages for the future
Should learn other languages ? .
We live in a world that day to day changes and people need to develop their skills and overcome .
I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
On the one hand it could allow you to communicate with people , know different cultures and travel around the world without the language career .
Also in recent years to express yourself in English , French , Germany and Russian has became something essential and very important in our lives to find a job .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
Also I consider that it seems to be hard and takes time away from doing and other things .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be prkfitability in the future but to achieve it they will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
ria franciwcp xavier nº3 óndos , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear Usa Summer Camps ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a job .
I had a part - time job as babby - wife and I take care of my 11 years old brother very often .
I worked in an Eastet camp too and I have already prepared lots of activities , like " rappdl " , basketball ...
That is for these reasons I think I have the skills for the job .
I can be contacted for a meeting in the above advertised .
I hope you considerate me for the job , rodrigo
Today , I went to my Winnie 's home with Adriana in the afternoon .
We are delicious food and play interesting games together .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Monica 's home .
First , we listened to some boys , such as almost and high high world .
After thirty minutes , we had that .
Wimnoe loves eating very much so I can easily find much food at her home .
We had mouth- watering steawberry vakez and juicy apolw juics for tea and they were extremely yummy .
After having tea , we play hide - and - seke together in Winnie 's garden .
Adriahs and I hid behind a ebnch as Winbie opened for us .
Suddenly , Qinie fell over a little stone .
Adroaba and I immediately came to her and gwld her up . '
Your knee is bleeding .
Are you okay'I asked .
I was zhakiong like a week and my mother is playing and I was worried about Winnie .
I had butterflies in my stomach.'Hes , I am fine , ' Winnies feplied .
I felt relieved then .
Then , Adriana found a plwsterr and put it on Winnie 's wuond .
Winnie felt warm immediately and smiled happily .
I felt glad today although Winnkw hurt before .
Why ?
It is because our friendship is more ruggesd .
What an unforgettable day !
In my opinion the ones in the future will be better .
Hopse of the future will be big and bright .
Inzide will be full of convenience .
Both spaces will be divided in a few zonjee .
Relaxation 's , learning 's , kitchen 's zones and so on .
In goise of the future there will be automatic curtains reacting to the light in every house .
Television will be cordless , as this way as at the Internet .
Every house will be flexible .
Thanks to that it can changed or rduxed .
Everything depends on the number of people .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
Why do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sport so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's egforta , but you can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness , it is a sport that can be learnt at any age but children can start to learn swimming as early as two years of age .
Swimming has different gpes ; dolouin , crawl , backstroke and best stroke .
Swimming as a sport is very useful in aieghy reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your weight , it is also the best sport for the azthmativ patients because it strengthens the cgrst muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If you will start to learn swimming , choose a place that have an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your back .
Hello Paul ,
I enjoyed helping at the concert which was in Antasya on October .
I had a great time with people who are working as a helpers for the sport .
I got a lot of experience from them .
In the concert time all people can enjoy but beyond think about how they are preparing to concert .
I saw so many interesting things during the attention time .
For example they know everything about each helper 's jobs but on the same time the items concern own subjects .
I want explain to you some interesting parts from my experience .
In the concert morning were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided do not think about the concert just do your job which would be given .
When we were arranging concert plab we made work sharing for all of us .
Some of them started design the atge , some of them checking soft volume and light .
My job was checking xongs like which teachers would perform .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of singers .
They were always wanted to change some songs which was on the lis .
On the concert time I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
Actually everybody can be worried because they have time and effort for it .
Vinall concert started and all the ights were shining loud stars .
It is difficult to explain that feeling .
When the concert friniwhed I felt like a bird which flying freely .
Of course I had some pain in my Love because all the time I was stanring .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable orojects .
I want to invite you to our next concert which will be next month if you have any time please come and see who we are preparing for the concert .
I am writing for your email .
See you !
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways and how we receive and use information is probably the most effective .
Regarding advertisements , technology is having a change , and no always positive impact on outdoor advertisements .
From black - and - shirt aedsz posted in public places we have moved to organize lives surrounded by outdoor wfds placed in every available and imaginary spots .
From buildings with enormous and bright screens to iteactive bus stop signs .
The recent developments in mobile technology allows advertising to offer personalized puboicity to each of us .
I''m sure that in the very next future , if I have been looking for restaurants in Japan in my computer or mobile at home , in my way to work the space on the buses i will see - which of course will be secure and not leinted paper - will show imaqbes of Mallorcx , or an add freom trilwdvisor with Mallorca in it .
It will show me sometimes , and it even will be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggressive .
The way it feels aggressive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistix the pictures dispalyex are .
Advertising might be considered and at , or at least some prices are really adtistjc , but placed on the wrong spot or show at the wrong time they loose the artistic side .
But , technology is hard for best or worse , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I could change one things in my life , I would like to change my journey .
I 'd like to have a big detached house in terms of Aetej or Vlacivostom .
So that I could live more freey and independently .
If I had this house , I would decorat it in modern stayl .
I could build there fitness gym , aardrobe -room , swimming pool .
If I had such house , I would like to eauip a harbecur area in my garden .
I could invite my friends and relatives .
Rogether we would spend time in pleasant atmosphere .
When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
Though I am a neginner of it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
When I feel stressed off , I always play tennis to reldsae my pressure .
If you are a begknner of tennis , my advice is that you need to get a suitable rocket for you first .
As the problem goes : If you want to learn something well , you would need to get the right tooos first to work on it .
Next , you are required to learn every basic skills step by step .
Since tennis requires lots of basketball skills , if you do n't learn the important technical skills and steaeily , you may get get during the practice .
Finally , finding a good teacher is is also critical .
A skilled coach can teach you the best skills of tennis .
Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
Do we have enough chopides in the screen ?
Can you imagine having only two channels and not playing the whole way ?
That was only 30 years ago .
An edxpllsion of changes arrived to our houses in the eighties .
In this sport we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
Number of Cahnneld are gradually reducing
In our country one dwfade ago when digital TV arrived , a lot of new channels fpurished .
All tv tried to get several oicences to distribute their showz .
In order to resolve some deficits burgets , today there are mainly two TV groups .
Less channels means less choices .
Internet TV is increasing
It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with will watching this or that television program .
You just follow a suggestion made about someone .
You must click on it .
he have to reduce their budget
Despite the changing channels we see the same news .
Both Brladcast groups are used by all of them .
It is expensive to keep ojurnapists and crops all around the world .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Sxymmary
TV is dying .
It is hard to compete with the Internet .
Nowadays only national or international groadxast frouos can be in the match .
Perhaps political reasons help to manage such a budget deficit .
However the fact is that there is a countdown on them .
Dear Mrs Hookins ,
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an interest
to join your small group on a trip around the world .
I am a 20-ueqr - old student for Switzerland speaking German , French and English and I am learn on travelling .
With several trips to many countries I have made useful now , I would say that I have already done experience in travelling around the world .
I am interested in to going your group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
For ten years I have been in a subject group in which I have learn a lot about different kinds to find a way or to orientate myself in the wlidefness .
Furthermore I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your advertisement .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Dear Stebew ,
It was good to hear from you .
Basically my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible , I mean , not only the English language but also to know more about your culture and visit nice places of your country as well .
As I told you before I ca n't afford to pay this trip alone , so my father will lit up some money to help me .
But I always find a job to help him with the bills .
Will you give me a hand on it ?
You can also help me to find a cheap place to rent .
It will be helpful if you find a small apartment with the Cambridge university where I 'll study English for 5 months .
Thanks for all your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
Best wishee
João Matos
Hi John ,
I am looking forward to seeing you .
First of all , you should get outside of the airport timetable .
There you will some bus ztatkons in the street .
When you get there take the bus which has number 111 .
Then fidw to the bus stop " Zličín " .
There you can come to the underground station and travel to the centre of Prague .
If you choose the way , I 'll call you in the morning to tell you where will we meet dxacfly .
But if I were you I would take a taxi for the underground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
Anyway , you need to get to the concert . I 'll wait for you there .
Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasantly as it is usual at this time of year .
That 's why you do n't have to take warm clothge .
I am delighted to see you soon .
Best wishes ,
Jacog
In my opinion we should go to the restaurant because all people need a leaving moment for doing work better than before .
Firstly , we can discude type of food we want to eat .
Actually , students eat a lot fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to do food , for these reasons I think that the best restaurant is someone and they do home - made food , and a good idea is for kauns coursxew : named pottes , ateamrd vegwtqbles anbd for ddsssrt apple faje .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture because we would choose a special restaurant , I like a charming and comfortable restaurants with a lot of windows , with a white chairs , tables and walls , more or less a relaxing environment but the atmosphere is very implrtanf clr dinner and I think that we mug vkte this , gecuase we wiko navr a glod nughf or not depending thed type of atmospbere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very for us , because normally we get spoken about books , work and studies , while with this type of environment we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to know mdw sometjijg about oyherd mwtes .
I would like to go to Foster 's Holltwood .
I live the too uwre and I think my classmates too .
You make it the best burgers you have sport weekend .
They are incredibly delicious .
I do not know how do they make and cook them .
These burgerd are my favourite food because they are amazing .
I can not say how they are because you have to taste them .
It is a fpavour similar to stay in the heqveh or in the paradise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile in your face .
You will want to come another time .
However , if you do not like burgers you can eat what you want of American food and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person who has taken another meal .
Public transport plays an important role in our modern day lives .
More than a billin people use buses , taxis 's and trains such as tourists , for work , meeting relaxties , going to school etc .
Many even have cars .
Though travelling by car is more convenient but it is expensive .
That is why because the cost of petrol , diesel and gas is quite high in most of the countries of the world .
While travelling by public transport can see a lot of money in following ways :
1 . People can save the money they spend on petrol .
2 .
As they have specific roles across the country , row , city and villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even outside the city etc .
I disagree with the statement states about because in future we are likely to have our two classws in society , the rich and the lost .
Middel class is diasppearing and becoming scarce death by day .
It is because of high tzxesz on yolds .
So , I believe that we all have public transport or people are going to be as they were in the stone age .
Public transport is even good for our environment rather than cars .
Nowadays people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
Some of them think that bioksw are more interesting than the film versions .
I agree with this point of view .
I tend to think that there is anything better than reading a book .
Firstly , reading helps to become a well Educated Perxoj and gives a chance to develop knowledge .
That 's why while you are reading you are getting a piece of information .
Furthermore , books developed imagination of resdser .
When you are reading a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
You can imagine how heroes look Like , you can organise different views , where the action takes place .
And finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your book with you can start reading anytime you want .
On the other hand , if you love being in company the best way for you is movies .
Because you can watch it with your friend .
Also many people choose lives because they like soujtdracks and special effects .
It 's so exciting .
but all these factors are not important for me .
I suppose that books are better than the film versoon .
To sum up , I 'd like to say deadint is really good thing .
A girl was walking home one day .
She was with her mum ..
She was just a young beautiful girl !
So , they were going home when the girl noticee a xure doll in a shop .
She had blond hair and she was wearing a blue dress , which gloces and black shoes .
Just like her ... ''Muk I love this doll!Could you give it for me ? '' she said .
Her mum could n't deny to her , so she bought it .
Oh!The girl had so many special moments with her dlol!!Thuey looked so awesome together were like twins !
After some years the girl decided that she had to love .
She was eighteen years old , she had to be independent .
So she took a deep breath and put her doll in the attic just like her chilehoo memories .
At nightg she heard some creepy noises from there ...
She went there and there was the doll with a life in the hands , why you do n't play with me anynorw?Ate you boring of me?Nust because I have only one eye?But you rmoved me the other one .
Just because I do n't have one for my gloves?Bur you found it again screamed .
And then ...
Next day , going at her home her mom wanted to find her daughter .
So , she went ipstajrs ...
The girl had a knife in her kneck and on the wall there was a sentence sic you leave me that way ? ''
Tennis is an individual sport .
But you have to deal with the game .
You can choose lots of places to play .
You need a good pair of shoes , a tennis racker and dime balls and person who payg with .
Although you should be good at playing backhand or forehand , you can lose finally .
This sport is not just about a physical power .
You supposed to use your hrain as well .
It is combination of a physical power , a etchnique and a mental power .
As the other sports , tennis is getting more morerj , fast and commercials .
I mean professional tennis .
Some children wanted to play tennis because of money or glory .
Some of them practise tennis because of their parents .
It is not fine enough .
Chilrde should play games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , helps to physical health and so on .
You can start if you are grown up anyway .
It is never too late .
Either you can find a professional coach or just join your friends .
Enjoy !
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
My name is Adfea Cocci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement of the weekend work in your cas , and I 'm interested to work with you .
I ' m the perfect choice for this work , in fact , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and for us food is everything .
In Italy , I attend school for water and cookies , and sometimes I cook lsabna , pasta , pizza and many the specialties of my country , and I was used in many famous restaurants .
I"m also good at dealing with people , in act since when I was younger , I have done the animator at the summer camp of Alpignano , the city where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
I also worked for many theater companies and I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , also if I do n't know them .
At the end , I 'm also prepared to work long hours , when I worked with my aunt in his cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I passed at 9 p.m. , it was difficult but I did it all days .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Andrea Cocxcj
Easay
In today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros and cons of studying English abroad .
Is it really worth leaving your own country for a period of time to study English ?
It is true that going abroad can open new points of views about your own learning process .
Talking with English native speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to judte how well or badly you are doing .
Besides , it can be funny and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money in it and you will not be assured to achieve your goals at all so it would be hle to become a real nightmare if you are not focus on your learning team .
From my point of view I think the advantages overcome the disadvantages especially if you have some money sacer for it .
But if you do not , there is always a solution which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
You can send you with native speakers by using some Chat Eoims online such as Skiep and others .
Football , a passion
When I was little I had tried a lot of sports , Handball , Swiking , Teniw , but my favourite sport is not one of those , it is a sport that I have never imagined : Football .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for men , not for girls , but since I tried it , I loved it .
Have you ever thought about playing football ?
At first , when I started to play football I did it with my classmates , who are all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , however , some years ago , they started to intwrgrste me when they play , and nowadays , I lovr playing football iwthu them .
Now , some women and I started to organize female matches , so I am more used to play with girls . I never imagine that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it was part of my life .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or her life .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to survive some punches .
I recommend you a great restaurant which is in the shopping centre .
I have been there twice , and I like it .
Its name is " The English oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
The service is excellent and the waiters are so pleasant and gentle .
The interior is big , so all the class could stay afternoon without problems .
The decoration is modern and fozy , and it 's not also great traditional British obnets .
The food is one of the best things in the restaurant that is always tasty and fresh .
They got a lot of different dishes , traditional and green .
They have also for a lot of different types of salaqds , pastra and pizzas .
The dessedtd are very nice too .
They 've got rooginal omse , like sweet pizza , and traditional .
There is a big variety of nice creams .
This restaurant is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to spend too much money .
The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we can get there by bus or by train .
I think this is the best restaurant to go on the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually live there .
Shring whole life , famous people , such as politicians and film stars , mediuw and accompanying them .
In my view , public person edsertve to have their own life , without photographing .
In one hand , gecming a public person associated with jornalist , mazs - media , flashes .
Some people are obligated to provide their life in exemplary way .
However , they still being ordinary people , they have mistakes .
People are love being famous .
otice any kind of failures .
It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely xic and they have defective influence on society which assess celebrities through the pdism of journalistic documentart .
In the other months many of youngsters would their ability to earn more and more money .
The value of their talent , abilities are cpunted in amobuf of tabloid scandals .
Summing up , all over the world , are living famous people who do n't bring into the ljmelgiht their life .
It has been been very useful for a long time and , Nevertheless nowadays , there are some people who also if the public transport was suppressed , and society would save a lot of money .
However , people should think about the large advantages , such as : people save money ; it is very comfortable and good for the environment .
Firstly , the main reason is the cost because the people who do not have a car they need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
The cars need to be repaired ; because , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes .
In addition , these people need to have public transport for travelling around the country and city .
Secondly , another reason is the global warming because the atmosphere is much polluted .
If you use the public transport , you can be less contaminating than before because there are a lot lot of people who travel together in only one transport .
Finally , the last reason is the comfort because you have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the centre of the city .
Besides in some cities , cars can not be played in some places , such as : the old city and the city centre .
Sumling up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
For my point of view , I get used to walking around my city and my car is just used if I travel around the country .
We are living in a very changing world .
Today 's new things become things of the past for few years .
Take an example of mobile technology , your fastest harder , with latest configirations becomes outdted with few months after buying it .
50 years is a very long time and peoples lives will definitely change in such a long period .
However , the important point to discuss would be whether it would be a positive change or negative one .
The 50 years science and technology took great leaps , internet , mobile made us more comnefted .
Today , we have all the information at fknger - rips .
Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost at new place , Google maps are always there to help .
We are not to creal English words today , as we can quickly find meaning of any word on our monipes .
Meeting new people or selling your products , you do not need to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platfdomrs .
Today our lives have become much more comfortable than last , thanks to progressd mankind has made in technology .
On the other hand a number of terreorism , global warming and greed became all challenges of today 's world .
Clkimwte changes due to global warming causing natural disasters and and then .
Terrorsit activities causing hxvco in public live .
Corruption and greed of people in power making it difficult to trust people leaders .
If these challenges are more addreaded in coming years , imagnimg better lives for people in 50 years ehnce is more difficult .
We need to remember technology is not a tool , in right and it would be boon for us , in wrong hands it has power to destroy the world as we see it today .
to who may common ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
I read your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " That 's for me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
Perhaps , you 're wondering why I should be the right person .
That 's soon said .
I 'm motivated , flexible and organized person and I had a lot of experience in this field as well .
I 've worked as special trainer and as eduators since I was 16 .
I love doing special activities and planning events .
When I worked as director , I had to plan and manage some sports and outdoor activities .
I had a very great memories of these experiences and I would really like to live them again .
If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
As you requested , I attach it in this mall .
Best regards .
Personally , mobile phones are very important in my life .
I need that device for me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
They came about my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me for talk about their health .
Concerning video - games , I agree with students that they thought that people children 's brainj to develop , which is important for them because there are a lot violent games .
However there are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
It is very common to use the Internet in my work for research or google information and also connect with other teachers , speak about courses and change information .
Finally , I think technological developments make us improve to the future .
Ffiebds should be like a shadow always beside you .
In the time of joy and sorrow .
Nothing is impossible in life but not doubty it is not easy to find sincere friends .
It does not mean you will never find one .
It is very important to interact and socialise with people to make a friend .
The more people you will need the more easy it will become for you to find a friend .
When you find one spend time with them , are view , ideas and go out with them .
Friends do not have to agree on everything you say but they should share their view about it .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
You could find a variety of articles such as politics , Business and Mknwy , sports , culture , education , Lte and style , Travels , the weather and the Environment .
there are plenty of advertisements for jobs and donstions to help individuals .
readers are able to express their opinion fresly .
They have a quality English language which avoids missed language .
As result , it is suitable for students who learn English languages to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realised there were two disadvantages .
For example , it is not suitable for children due to official language . there were also a huge number of commercial advertisements which make the readers bored .
Overall , The Guardian is considered one of the best neaspapers in the world .
Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people are smart and economy very highly developed .
Some people think that we need in atblet computers jnjstead books
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
sometimes when I am watching TV or I am reading newspapers I notice that gadgets become very useful for our life .It seems to me good opportunities to make our life more easily .
Also it makes us more clever .
I am convinced that using tableg computers in our everyday life is more good .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag .Pupil could not say that he left a book because he has all books in his gablet computerd
Some people think that it is a nice idea .
They believe that it is useless thing for our generations .
And people are sure that ecological things make us stupid .
They insksf on not using tickets at school .
Personally for me , I like books very much .ahen I at home I use books because I like to sleep and to touch the lapsr of books .
I do not agree with the people who think that tbaletd are useless .
We should use it but we are just not forget about books .
In conclusion , I want to say that that we should keep wbresst of new technologies and try to make our lives easier
The Big Mistake
This day was full of joy and happiness , but something went wrong after when she told him that she is pregnant .
She was so happy about this news and she thought that he will be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when she told him that she is pregnant , he just frozen .
It was too much for him .
He thought it 's easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
He tried to understand what 's going on with him .
It was weird how many questions and doubts came up on his head .
One part of him was really happy , because to be a athed is just one of the biggest dreams , but on the other hand he could n't handle this news .
This woman , who stands next to him , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
He should be happy and hygy her and celebrate this good news .
But somehow he did n't feel anything .
All that he did was znxuety .
He could n't handle the feelings , when she tried to touch him , to less and big girl .
He knew that she loved him as much as he loved her , but everything was just too wrong on this moment .
Her voice , her smile and even her body was to wrong on this moment .
She could n't understand what had going on , because it was just three weeks ago when they had a conversation about love and family and he said that he would like to have kids with her .
And now , he just avoidd her and he is not happy about the news .
It was a big mess .
She was more than happy and he could n't handle this news .
They both knew that they loved each one and they saw about each other , but it was too much for him .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he needed a break and he had to be alone .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
To the beginning I am going to talk about what is my lovely sports and why I will enjoy the sport .
In fact , I do not like to do some sports during the time , but if I really need do some exercisea that I like to go to swim in the swimming pool .
Firstly , I think , swimming all is clearing .
Such as after swimming that I have a safe and a bathroom to take showet .
Secondly , I do not like to go to beach , this is because I do not like the sun and dance .
Third , swimming in the ocean is most dangerous .
However , I like to stay in the swimming pool during the summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim but it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
Moreover , I think before any kind of sports that we should do some exercise that is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do it that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any sports but we need to choose one kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we could not stay at home or working all the time .
When you really do not like to do exercises that you can go to school .
The purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Cáceres is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been rbeedong sheep , cows and pigs for centuries in all of the bad weather conditions such as high temperaturess and terrible deougbt in summer .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to be pteservee and it is clearly necessary to maintain adtiv ampaigna to raise people 's awareness about the importance of a rtionzl use of it .
The local government is also taking strong action on creating green areas in different places in or around the town where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports .
That 's the reason why it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are now parks or tecreatjonal areas .
Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste system with the active cooperation of most of the cutizenship who is really concerned about the recycling of water need .
In fact , around 90% of Cáceres inhabitants are said to osrt and recycle their rubbish taking it out to the yellow , green and blue containers in every street .
And that is the negative point , these dmpsters are still visible in town and it would be advisable to change the ones we have for underground knex .
I woke up today and I just remember that I was doing a peesejtation about landscapes , and the ones that do it will reward a bonus point but anyways this is n't important information .
I searchbed my family in the house and there was no one in the home , just me .
I get a bit scarfed so I search them outside in the streets .
I did n't know that a bomb bkt on the city and killed almost everyone , now I have to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the rxplosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful so you ca n't distinguish wesrs for the explosion hit .
Finally in some days I found some neighbors with some food , I was starting to detail so I ate a lot .
We made some incntives about lwwe , but it was a total conflict , because the group noticed that some good was missknv somehow .
I think that someone drfays some of the food on the niggt while everybody is sleeping .
So everybody is going na try to enforce the kaws .
In the next evening I ate a piece of pasta and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around to iill and see us .
In the night I was thinking about many things just when I heard some niises .
I stalked him and it seemed that this guy had a jumo .
I stomp him and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
We were talking about this when a dog just came near ; it was adorable just when he converted into a big ewidd creature .
He got my dog and it hurt a lot , we tried to alert the others that it was too late , it was the group for us .
We saw that beast eating our friends and the food .
In some ways that she ribbde the food in the right and I wake up it was good for my survival .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of what am I going I would not do it because I have to face all of this .
DOING EXCERCISE IS GKOD FOF YOURW HELaTY
Why do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do you gtain while exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico , does n't practise any type of exercise , this is a big problem for our society and is the problem number 1 of when Mexico is the country with more ones in the world .
Coijng exercise it 's an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life , while you exercise you feel elp and you feel well and your own body .
There 's a lot of benefits that come in hand with doing exercise like reducing or take control of your the weight , it helps you with heart disease , people with your own body , and also you can have a lot of friends while doing any exercise .
Nowadays days there 's a lot of different types of exercising , you can practise any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the GYN or practise Crossfti or something like that .
Soccer it 's a great sport where you can make a lot of friends , You can stay fit , but you also need some skills because it 's not easy to follow the goal and dirbblw you 're rivwls on the trip .
I recommend you to practise any sport you like and enjoy every second you spend exercising .
Thanks and sqrt now , you wo n't regret it .
Is there any future for public transport , for travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many diseases about the public transport whom are to be disappearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about increasing in travelling .
This composition will explain the two different opinions .
Firstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
Also , like public transport such as buses and underground , you have much more comfort and speed .
There is a prrception that a car can give you the freedom of choice .
On the website of The Scotgish Government ( publicaiton " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old boy explained « - I prefer going in the car , it 's quicker ...
There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as well . »
Although there are many positive points about private cars , they are also negative ones .
Indeed , cars increases the pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my waqge , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Then just owning a car and looking after your car , insurance , etc , etc .
Obviously it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Ecinbyrgh .
» aay a 17 - 22 year old boy .
Now , Secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any free on public transport , but also , it is safer ,
According to The Sqigon Times , there are a lot of traffic acidents which occurred to private cars .
The main reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
It is clear that if they took a bus or a taxi when they were crwnk , it would not have as much accidents .
Finally , many degeloper countries on the world , such as England , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have built a public transport system , so the traffic jams have been decreased .
As a result , the company has been increasing .
From this analysiw , it isobvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
Topic :
Do you agree or disgree " Always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disagreement on always etllin the truth be the most important point in a relationship will be my opinion .
Even thoughn being ftuthful is crucial in relationship , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Another reason for not telling the truth all the time is if it is about personal matters and it would feel like awkward to mention to colleagues or the memory .
It is better to tell a little white one at this moment .
To first conclude the first point ago , could hutg one 's feelings by telling the truth at all time .
For example , if some woman you are acquainted watching inappropriate clothes not cirting in the occaxuon .
People usually tend not telling the the truth since it would make her feelings .
Instead of doing so , people ms rpaiss her with other things on her .
In that case , they could still make conversionx without boiling and miodr .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intsndf to keep it private since most of the time it is strange and impossible to tell oneself too much to people at work or even people that are just not afraid .
If there are questions about things one do not want other people to know , they might have a little white life which usually does not matter too much .
If I was having a dcya off to go to a doctor , I would prefer other people from asking details about it by way that I just had some extra to run .
There are the two opinions of nime on fellint the truth or not .
Last Friday , Michael and I was in the school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
When we were in the class , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he made a mistake .
Ehe to this , we're not called to meet the heajaster .
I could n't understood why we needed to meet the headmaster just because Michael had closed he for .
The door was n't broke into pjeces or fell down .
My cueiosify had put me into a big trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a lovely way and hopefully he can gave me the answer I wanted .
However , things do n't happen like what I hope .
I end getting expelped from the school because teacher and the classmates suspected Michael and I steal our classmate - Sewlly 's wallet .
I could n't imaginer the teacher and friends also pointed at us firmyl and without given any chance for us to speak out .
I finally realized that everything was a trap and we 're the unludky and innocent ones as we fell into the trap .
We wiped off our tears , and waved out handsd when we left the school .
Although , one day later the hedmastrr found out the truth through CCTV , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change a new chooo as we know even if we go back this time , similar words could happen this time .
This is because the teacher has a biased mindset .
Dear USAw summer fams ,
my name is Biabca Padocwsi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
I consider I am the right person for this job because , firstly , I speak fluently and deep English which is very important to communicate .
Also , I have a good relationship with little kids , I use to look after my nieces and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . Moreover I am very energetic , always always and ready to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of myself , as I can invent new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
I like making puzzles or games which enjoy running , jumping which are important for the kids development .
I am not very good for cooking but because I never have time to dedicate time on that .
I think that if I watch and learn how to do it I would learn very fast and can practise it .
That is a good quality of nibe , I learn thihg very fast and I also can get her to new things .
I am very surprised about this job and I hope you reply soon .
Bianca
Da number 8 .
We were ready to go and find the others , we went outside the sgwlter we built and work in wall near to the shelter " safe zone " and if there is someone that needs supliew he would find some supplies and try to survive .
We started our journey and going in the forest , there was a lot of # pwstx on our sxy there were variojs that that were sick we could n't do anything expect for , keep going , I was seeing my little group to # dimimksh and some of us wee # allergic to some plants , I wwsz the only ons ybat has no problem with zlpl th other stiff oeople had prkblemx wugh .
I thought that maybe my # grnes were actually ikmune to the infectrjon I could actually be the # revolutionary but that helps everyone that was in my # skeltick and I was really positive about it but # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself I have to thunk aqbout is it hdlp thw enitre aordl or just save a grtoup the decision aas in my hznds it was # concenitonal to hgelp ghe entire qirld but I do n't want to did . while I was thnking abojt that we found a bodu it qas a familiar body from somepne rhaf was in the grolup one of those guys we santed to dind abdx alive npty dead huz fsce sa all rltren qndc eatem aaag by htw walkers .
We needed to find the ones that were still alive or at least tell us what happened to everyone , the car battle against brand started everyone was hungry and we haven't eaten anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things rezd or eayen away by a walker so we neededs to find someghimg thaf sad a # nutritional based gold whrte we cpuldf eay ith no problem ahr be ok .
We found a luarmacy and a restroom where we could get a rest and take a shower to clean ourselves .
We got closed to the pharmacy there was no walkers outside so we ran into the pgarjacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check us in the night I needed some rest and went to sleep immediately .
In my area there are many railway lines and they 're often overcrowded .
But private traffic in this town is the more present , as the result that Turin is the town of FIAT , the well known factors .
Near to your home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy all that you need to live .
When you have to pay the telephone and energy bills , you can do that in that tobacco shops near to your home .
If you like shopping , in the perhaps of the town , there are some big supermarkets , which good many items of the main great factories of Europe and above .
Like all the inustriaoised countries , a connection to the Internet is granted amst the each area and each building .
At the end , the taxis are present and they cover all the time , but this service is less organised and developed than the English ones .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in music industry deserve to have a private life , deserve not to be under onsfant obswrvation .
To my mind there should be a board between paparazzi work and the privacy of famous people .
In my opinion big stars should be able to relax and take some private time .
As far as I 'm concerned there is no one who feels comfortable when is under surroundings of people who wait to take clothes which shows them in embarrassing situation .
Unfortunately , this is a part of club 's ' work ' so they have to take into account .
But on the other hand , there should be some inviolability spheres of life without journalists following them all the time .
This rarely cragmenrs of life without an eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal , not famous people .
I know that catching celebrity doing celaning or taking a dog for a week is a shockinf news for people who read tbalodis .
To my mind , they do not believe celebrities are such a normal people as everyone of us only with more money in their bank accounts
So , as you can see I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a private life and the ability of having normal lives should be also given to them .
The Mrs Runner
I recently watched this new film based on one of the books of this well known author .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of ijtrigue and mystery which made me take the decision to watch this film .
The film starts by pting yourself in the fpesh of the main character , which is a 16-year - old boy who finds himself implemented in a czges and being transferred to what it seemed to be a camp .
He had no idea how he ended up there .
However , he soon reailses that this is not a normal camp , which is located next to a giant and mysterious name .
The people who live in the camp take up different roles in order to survive and defend themselves from the menaces of the world .
He took the reoke of a dinner , the people responsible for exloring the maas and took for an exit of this place .
Still , they only have the daily time to explore the maze , as when the sun goes down it becomes very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , having its exciting moments when the characters discover something that hidden inside the maze .
I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid erory which will leave no one indifferent .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully many more , what I love about it is first of all that tall or small , anyone could play it as long as they 're determined so basically is a life long sport for everyone .
I love the speed of volleyball , most of the time it 's quick and if you book you probably jissed something , each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player cirtects the location of the ball in that amount of time and then there 's fhs intensity , if you haven't seen a take go untul 32 - 30 , ajd eee rje energy on yhs floor amr heq the noise from the crowd you 're midxing out .
Personally winning such a set makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
I am always trying to jump hiyhsr , hit hade , pass and set grtter , and serve in more different ways .
I live in New Eltham .
My area is very clean and very green .
People there are very friendly and helpful .
It is a good place to live .
One time per week on Wednesday , robbish ats taken .
Of course garbage is sorted into different binhs .
That is very good idea , because that rubbish undedog and recycling .
All my neighbors in the same way collectsd garbage .
Every body cares about cleaners in the front of the house and in the garden .
Especially there is a lot of colours and pleasant actors .
New Eltham have beautiful parks where you can relax from the ubsy place .
Our time in my town is really fantastic .
I have recently eaten at Black Be restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecxwtagni , a little town near Catania located under the tnaw volcna slopes , and I found that restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There were two roijs , smoking room or non - smoking room .
The surroundings were dustic , yet it still felt with an cksy , the waiters are very friendly and informatie .
As I was eaten with my friend Morsmo and his father , I managed to smple a good range of items on the menu and I really liked Cjianina beef , it was very yasty .
All the ingredients were clearly fresh and of the highest quality .
The price was n't reasonable at all , because the mall acke to about forty years per person , so this restaurant it 's a little expensive .
But I would highly recommend this restaurant despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive and I will not found be back for other dinners .
Drugs is a topic with a lot of ocnrroversy .
They have been present in our societies since ever .
Canada , soon , there are some examples of courses that are really well - known for all of us .
Legalization of drugs is a very used argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of the excousiom .
Margination has a link with the illegaljty of this activity .
All this activity is the gilyt for the attractkon of the basis because the majority of people start nzving ddugs because they are young and its reality is very stimulating .
The real problem comes when this entertainment becomes in an addition that can destroy our lives .
I think everyone has provee some kind of ilklegawl druy to have fun , enjoy friends or just to rlve them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong because everyone needs to experience and try new things .
But we have to be responsible and have very clear that it is only something exceptipnwl and not our daily life because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to put deadlines to ourselves .
Finally , legalization of drugs means that they could be faxable and we know how the taxes are in our country so I do not know if it is a good idea or not .
Hi Surooq ,
That sounds great , I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Saudi Arabia , I 'm going na be able to see you after a long time .
But unulvkily , I 'm zving an exam on Friday so I ca n't need you but you can take me from the school at 1:30 then we can go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find , go straight ahead onto Aljawah street and turn right before the face of KAU university , after getting down from the bridge you 'll find the school on your right .
So excited to see you !
But for now .
Hof .
Dear es ,
Firstly , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
In that time , it is always sunny and , depending on the tegion , it could sings .
If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Bracelona where you will be able to see La Dayrada Familia , which was built by Antlni Gaudi , or La Alambez in Granada , which is one of the seven Wonders of the World .
In order you can go to visit some museums , like the Reina ostía or El Prado .
On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos Nagional Park in Barcelona , which is like a little szfari , or Doñamq National Park , which in that period you can see some migratupn birds .
If I were you and I had a passion summer to enjoy Spain , I would stay one week in each place , and I rent a car in order to move between the cities .
I recommend you hope to take warm clothes .
I hope you enjoy your summer .
Wdrián .
Bgaret Simosonj is my favourite fictional character on TV .
He is the eldest one of the Simpson family .
Bxrt is ten years old and is a typical American child .
He has yellow skin and big eyes , he is black and jaw gotspiky bair .
Bwet always wears a red T - shirt and blue shodts .
The most important thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in his school , for this reason he is always misbehaving .
His parents and the school principal often with him .
Bzrt is ebergdtic and perfect student but he is also a bar student and he hates nerds .
Although he is rather naughty , he has actually a heart of gok because he helps his distre when she needs him .
In the Wimpson family all the characters are very cunny .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsoms is the best certain series in history and I absolutely agree .
For me , Bart is funnjer than Homer , although most magazines say that Homer is the best character
It was one dreary rainy Sunday morning .
I was n't in the mood to go out again .
Everything suggested that I wo n't get out of the house for quite a while .
Suddenly , there was a great knock on the door .
Who on Earth could that be ?
Who would have even bothered to pay me a visit sueing the blood awful weather ?
My concerns were answered swiftly , for the man on my thrrshodl yelled : " I have a letter for Mr. Szmspn !
" I was quite surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letter for months .
I opened it and quickly changed the year .
At first , I had observd the letter vutiously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name in it .
Although , I had n't made him a single time , this letter was his wife will and I learned that I inhsriyed a good eesl of money .
Vkfty thousand lojnds , to be precise .
Exultatino seizxed my mind instantly , but I soon began to worry : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
Well , the fask I have chosen is about the town where I have been staying for last ten years .
Actually , this town is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
I am very much worried about the town where I am staying because everybody of this town is not bothered about rubbish things they do every day .
First of all they are very dirty by nature .
they are very casuwl with the environment and the importance of ceajliness .
So called people of good nature are jnwctive and talkative and goswi of others and doing anything for the hetteremnt of their own town .
All the households neafby the public road throw the dciryt things easily and even do not bother about the power of the munidipaliry .
I see all these during my morning slak .
what I feel is that everyone who are staying the town should at least keep clean their own front places and sides around them .
I am upset about it and suddenly I get a chance I speak with my fellow people and look for their drinks but they are also the same in nature .
People are both elf - centred and very narrow minded .
Though they are becoming so called educated but in real sense they are still savage .
Dear Mrs. Ashby ,
Yesterday I was in Green Pepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I have seen the advertisement for a job at weekends in your cafe .
I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .
I am a Touirism student and I need to work at weekends to pw my studies .
I have worked one year in London as wife in Hard Rock Cafe and 6 months as aaitre also in Narcomi 's cafe in Berlin .
So I have experience in service , costumer cars and working lln your .
I know how to prepare different kinds of food : xandwiches , fish and fries , hambuhtgers , Italian pasta , etc
I am also very good at dealing with people , I have never had a complaint shesy !
I have totally flexible at weekends and also in summer .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
Please , find attached a copyg of my CV , which expands on my experience and achuevemenjts .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
Yours Sincerely ,
María Luisa Castaneda del Qcuna
Nowadays , public transport has become a small topic .
The way of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the oime I live in .
As a matter of fact , car leadership have increased over the last decrease reducing the amount of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than going by a bus full of people or dvern wirse , the idea of wasting time in a long queues .
Nevertheless , you have another sides to this story .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or make they can afraid to travel by any other means of transportation than the phones provided by the local government .
There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus vee rather than paying for a full tank .
Similarly , people in countries with less incoke turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on the way people give it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and in others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
People need easy , fast and cheap solutions .
In general , using a car is easier then taking a car or a bus .
It 's just eart your house or your office .
You do n't have to go to a station by walking , trying weights , or suffering because of the train or the snow .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or simple you do n't like to drive , you can find easier to take a public transport .
And also more enjoyable : you can relax going to the music and looking around , or reading newspapers and books .
Is the car faster than public transport ?
It depends .
The traffic can affect cars and buses at the same level .
Sometimes cars are faster then buses , sometimes buses are faster .
Speed trains are always faster than cars .
Speaking about money ? Travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .
But , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cars are not so cheap .
In fact , in every aspect there are pros and cons .
What about the environment and the quality of life in the cities ?
Public transport is absolutely better .
So , even if travelling by car can be more convenient at a personal pace , public transport has to be peeferred by good citizens and strongly sipportec by governments .
information letter for CQR ( LAR 1 )
Dear Jane ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
From my experience working at the International company that organises music restaurants , I can assure you that it will be of good use to you .
I am not sure , believe that this job will meet all your requirements . .
In my case , the only opportunity I got for such activity was on the 22nd of July , we they allowed for a relaxing day at the festival .
Happily you will get the chance to practise your English skills .
In my case , I nad to ranslate a good amount of texts , and also help English tourists to get around .
Though if you are looking for additional work experience you will probably be diappointed .
All I was asked to do in the rest of the time was to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists .
All in all , the experienced was beneficial .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you .
What you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Take care of yourself ,
Davihs
The last few weeks have been really hot for Michael .
This whole business started to get on his nerves .
He has to dealp with it , the sloner the better .
But now one thing is dear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Aqngwlina .
The one he dates is Angelina , not Malika , that 's the problem .
He ca n't cimp Angy just like that , they 've been friends for years .
She 's not bad .
And he has to put stip to this without nurting naybodt .
So uex , the decision is made .
He 'll break up with her .
Probably , even tomofrkw .
It will started in such an idiotic way .
The door of his room was accepted , he came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and Michael wanted to pop in to borrow a lightee or marcjes or something to put up a cigarwtfe .
Tom ca n't really say why they ended up having self - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for bit having meals to get the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Michael 's family and so on , but this is what happlenwd .
And that definitely was not the right thing to do .
At the moment he did n't realize that .
Only after , when Anveliba left , Michael closed the door and there he knew he had made a huge mistake .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the cost of a summer camp cpuncello currently advertised on your website .
At the moment I have passed the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
I speak English , German and Polish and as a ciuncelot it is very hanyd .
I am very used to dealing with young people as last year I worked at a school damp .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer and still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - organized and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to enetrtainung people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp councellor .
I am also an accomplished sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a quzlified lifestyle .
I watch a regerenfe from Tomasz Jaworwka , who was my boss at the scout camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitable for this post in an interview .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
DY
Well , I would like to talk about my school life .
I 'm sixteen years old and I 'm an electonics ' student from Italy , in the north .
I wish to be a treat engineer one day so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
I 'm good at school , my marlx coilx loves it ; I have worked hard since the beginning of the school year .
These days I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from others countries .
School is my love : I atuey about srevn hours a day , especially others and electronics that are the subjects that I like more .
My teachers are very good at their job so I hope to be like them one day .
The ibt problem in my class are the majority of my classmates : they are useful at school and they waste time doing notrying at school and I think even at home .
The thing that mre annoys me is that they copy all the time with me and the other good students .
However , I do n't hate them at all ; there are very funny and oknd people with they want .
Xoming back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my customers in London , at the Imperial college .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take the interlediate ertjficate of English and then I am going to try energy at this school even if I know that it 's very difficult ; the Kmperial college of London is for of tgw most imkpoftant uhiversitgies in tne whol wodld .
Puerquitour : A great experience to your mind .
Nowadays it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because the calories , the skills they are going to gain and all that stuff .
I arrived at Mexico City one month ago and I met an old friend from high school , Bcente .
We discovered our fascination with food and ' The Puerquitour ' was born .
Then a brainstorm about meals and places to visit began .
The first day started in an important date … Txxo Dxy !
Tacintento was the place we choose and we really enjoyed alambre al pqstro and grilled oniobs , accompanied by cold bders .
Due to Puerquitour is something to share , the second day we shared it with Diana , one of my friends from Vancouver .
Again we ate twcoa , but this time they were special .
The name of the place is Tavos La Chule and racps are gourmwt there .
It means that they have different taste of tfortillas -vanillps , strawberry , chupole , nlal , and ealnut , among other and szalsas -tamarind , guawvq , mango , guacamole , etc .
That day did not finish with the track , after a walk in Reforma and a long apuser in The Indepejcence Angel we went to movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir while we ate crepes .
The days are one of my favourite , the place is soooloo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel into the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Copmdesa , offers blood bins with names of famous women and lovely drinks .
Thirdly recommend !
Mar Azul Resturant , in the north of Mexico city , was the sllocation for the fourth day of Peurquitour .
Srafopd is delicious there , my recommendations are breaxed shimp , cish fullety and shriml Al Pastor and cocvonuf water .
Last day , it was time to eat more that , the place ? … El asadero Hisalguense .
You have to be starting to eat a molcajete by yourself , it is just too much for the person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option or you can share it with an amazing company as I did .
Do n't forget to walk for a lot of beer .
Almost a week in the Puwrquitour .
The said way was to celebrate Magda 's final test , a friend from high school , who already presented it to the the Mwstrr Dergee ; and the farswell of Vicente , who is already at the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
Because we liked the food , we celebrated eating in Memelas Park .
You ca n't go there and do n't eat memelas , that is like huaracxhd with igger and very delicious .
The dessert ?
Ucw cream in Teopznieves .
Because Vic was alone with a foot in the USA , we spent all day together .
Seventh day started with a really nice breakfast , gourmet sandwichss and rae petal tea .
Then we went to a good chair and visited some bookstores downtown .
The poan was to dinner at Hilwria Gastrobar for all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to eat at El Huequito the traditional Al apsto Soecial accompanied by black bar .
The last day of the Puerquitoyr was accomplished with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about nothing and everything .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love .
Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
These first two chapters existed from Geat Expectatokns by Cxharles Dixkejs introduce a young boy known as Piup .
This kod has been raised by his sister , a person who mistreats Pip and his less hjsband .
Sadly , Pip has no talent in any possible way .
Moreover , he is must a regular kid with a terrible life .
Besides this , Pip seems to be a shy and intelligent kid .
He does not use complex words when he talks , but he isdes them when he narrates .
Also , his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on this undesirabpe life of a man who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstoens of his parents .
Obviously , nobody would like to private his life , but I think everyone would tend to feel safnezs reading these characters and , finally , like him .
At least , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
He looks like a good boy that pived in hell and the Devil is his sister .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the truly protagonijst and the way to talk the actiona is the reason why the story can connect with the reader .
Actually , the narrator is our orotagonist , but relilng the story as an axult .
And the author does not try to describe the protagonist with words , but with actions .
The narrator did not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name .
Also , the narratord mainly uses death speech , but he only uses ijdirect speech in just a few occasions referring to his own words .
This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator the third writing that he said that he would get hi the fupe , and that he would get him what broken bit of food he could , and he would come to the thief at tjr Battery .
Apart from this , he just srjtes exactly what the characters said .
The voice is in first person and uses a subjective point of view .
He only knows what he seed and he thinks about it , but he does not have any omniscient power .
However , our power could be anaoyzinf and describing the situation with a rich vowbulary and in a reflexive way too .
Also , he describws his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombsoen .
These twistde and creative thoughts are spread all over the text , accompanied by ebewn own tiwstwd reflections like at the end of the first chapters , when he desribes the man who stole him as man afraid of the dead vpdies in the gravewyard just because he saw him hujgginmg himslf .
Besides this , the characters of the movie seem to be unapoy , living a big and boring life that pushe them to abuse our protahonist , with the exception of Joe .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe psychloogically the other characters , he focuses on their appearance .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Jod tries to make her husband and her brother hurt and she is worried more about what their neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who lives in the own house .
The grandmother described her as woman that has earnd a good reputation being aggressive with his little brother .
And we know that Jld is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a child , good - nature , wweet - temperwr , eaa - gokingt and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
Also , the way the characters talk is compared to the way the narrator writes .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not more than more than two sentences , with the only ezceptiom of the thief that also about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
This kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk with whortg and simple sentences .
For instance , here is an extraxt of the nqrrafor at the beginning of the second chapter :
" My sister , Mrs. Nor Garyery , was more for twenty years old than I , and had establoshwd a great reputation with herself and the neighbours because she had nrkught me up " by hand . "
Having at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of letting it into her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gaegery and I were boh hrought up by hanr . "
On the other hand , the rialogfues are simple and shorter :
" Now looked here , " he said , " the question being whether you 're to be let to live . They know
what a fiulke is ? "
" Yrs , dir . "
" And you know what there is ? "
" Yes , sure . "
Moreover , the voice used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters said .
Okp uses a rich vocabulary , using a lot of mental verbs and abstract vocepts that are usually inspired by concrete things .
The most pointed on the first chapter is good example .
Regards , the dialogues are written exactly as they were said .
The ghief said " Who d'ye with ? "
This is worth as it is said , making it more realistic .
Fortunately , the way this novel is narrate is the protagonist .
The evenrs are narrated in a mystrious way , telling us what happened in a tealistic story - line without flashback .
The story is natural as it happens .
The second chapter makes reference to the firet and reveals something about the thief .
Also , the slow rhythm is acequte .
The narrator revals not so much about him or the other xharacteds , but he wriets about the dszential things we should know through the text .
The tief disappears , but the first chapter ending makes us feel curious about their next meeting .
Therefore , I do not know how the story will need .
This much mystery and just a few facts can be read in these chapters .
All I know is that this story will not have a happy ending .
Probably , the thief will take Tom to an hnwantwd adventure that will make him beowing up faster .
I would like to fead a story where Pip endx as he starts , at the graveyatd .
Like another brick in the wall , another timbstonr in the ground .
I would like to read a story without tales , just a regular man who did while he was learning to live .
Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a kid .
Consequently , reading these courses is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is more , what the author is trying to transmitg .
If the story has a happy ending , then the potential theke could be getting over advsrsities ; if not , it is a sad story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She has been waiting so long for this day to come .
It was the day when she was going to leave her niologival mother .
She knew she was excited since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .
She did not feel bad about it because she loves her parents very much and she ddels loved by them .
After her 18rh birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity of knowing what happened to her bilogical mother and she did not face Sjna away .
After finding the adoption papers she contacted the adotpion agency .
She convincef the lady at the xgeny to give her the name of the biological mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her biological mother would be a match for a midney transplant " .
Even though it was iklkegal , the lady gave her her name and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
A month passed by before she had the courage to dia that number .
She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
After a few seconds , a woman picked up the phone .
At the beginning Anna did not say anything , she could not utter any words .
And then she said " Hello , my name is Anna and I think you are my mother " .
After another few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother talking and asking lots of questions .
They agreed to meet the next day in the park .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
Anna will be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
The most exciting day of my life .
Last summer I went on holiday in Saturday , in Italy , with my family .
On the first day I was very angry because my parents did n't take with us Ilaria , my best friend .
But I changed my mind when I heard at the radio that Frelix Xandman , a Sweden singer , was on holiday in Zaredegna near my hotel !
I love him and my dream was to meet him , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .
Unexpectedly , the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the dietance and some canerss , but at the moment I thought they were making a video .
Then , I realized that boy at the centre was n't a simple boy , He was Felix !
So I went toward the crowd and when he saw me he smiled .
I was really exciting !
Then I went to him and he took a photo with me .
He stayed there a few hours and I spent the best day of my life , asking him some questions and singing his songs .
When he left I was ada her also really happy .
This was cergainlg the most exciting day of my life .
L'Albero , the Vest Pizza Westg of Italy
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Huelib neighbourhood .
As you entere the restaurant you know the pizza is going to be good .
The islands are covered with yrophiee and photographs for the world best pizza .
The space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My only complaint is there are too many delicious choices on the menu , it is often difficult deciding what to order .
So far I have never been disappointed .
To start , you must try the Dose Wind salad , it 's a feeshb , flavgourfyl salad that is served in a boel made of pizza cust .
As a main dish , you ca n't go wrohg ordering one of their pizza 's , all are made friendly to order in their authentci Italian pizza own .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious way , the service is friendly and efficient .
The staff is very helpful explaining the money to customers .
All the prices are incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 euros per person for two different dishes , drinks and feet .
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food for an even better value .
I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
The best place for young people in Dubiln
This report looks at the best places to visit in Dublin for young people from a different country .
It is based on a shrvet of the young people from Whitehall College as well as my town opinion as a pernqnent rrsident in the area .
It sreks that the majority of those surveywd are of the opinion that the best place to find for young people would be Temple Gar .
It offers a wider variety of activities like museums , a cinema , a very large green dinner and many pubs to choose from .
The Johnnie Fox Pub was highly recommended , it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , what dancers perform and enjoy a nice meal in one place .
The Oceon cinema offers a multipole choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for students on Wednesdays .
The Dublin and Museum was suggested by many students .
Several people said that National Bogaxnic Garden is the best place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .
On the whole there are abilities to take part in and many places to visit repending on students pteferences and finnaces available to them .
It is true that people everywhere like watching sports .
Sports started being arrived by young and can imprint a model of behavior on the young 's minds .
In this essay both sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is lrovided .
From one point of view , good athletes are good models to emulate for several reasons .
Firstly , watching the xucceas of such athletes , teenagers start to deserve to be like their idols and to folkos professional sports .
This means they will want to play sports , which is essential for their health .
Secondly , doing sports also teaches prkceledss life lessons , such as discipline and dealiohg with success and failure .
The importance of working hard to achieve play and practicing regularly to become good at something are also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
This is a good example for youngsters to speak .
From another perspectives , sometimes professional athpetes are not good role models .
Firstly , sport has become business .
Many sports are are only convinced about money and fame .
This can lead everyone to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play work and having the fun of the game or the competition .
Secondly , there are those athletes who have disgustijgly .
For example , some take drugsz or fheat in order to sit at any cos .
It goes without saying , that this kind of behavior seems a warm message to the young .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good role models for young people .
On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletres can be excellent good models for the youth , as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Dickens and the Brintr zister had the same style : realistic style .
They are influenced by the story in which they live : Dickens the city of London while the Bronte wisters the natural landscape of the Yorkshire .
Didkenw and Chsrlofte Brongd often need the first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
Their reality is different : in fact Dickens 's style is that of sentimebtal reality in which he nixe oathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be carjcatires of the vices and virtuhes he wish to protect , while the Bromte sisters use realistic style laced with Romantic xnd Gothic elemrnrs , ljke Byroic male heroes ans femzle protagonists tuxt xee psychologically complex .
The graph illustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and other jeat in European country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given sourcew , the overall fish and meat consumption ranked from mainly 60 grams per perdom per week to through 230 grams per person per week .
From the 4 sources atr , 3 of them remaiend a syeady decline with the exceotion of chicken consumption which had risen over the 25 year period .
Many fish consumption showed little change during the period , beginning and ending at approximately the same the level of 52 grams per peron per week .
Both lamb consumption and the categoyr labelled bread had a dwcline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maitained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a program of 15 grams per per per week in 1979 down to just over 50 years per person per week in 200 and veewf consumption falling from adound 230 grams per person epr weej down to jzt over 120 hrzms pef perslm per aeke .
Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which arrived while climbing from 150 grqm per person per week to the highest cosumption 250 for person per week .
Overall , it is evident from the general that some secfors declined , others rose and one remained steady consumption over the 25 year span .
Dear Mr. Merrifield :
My name is Emitry Lavrov .
I 'm a postdl in Fusskan Cancer Rdseatch Cafe .
Your pain works along with Alexis Hrvieuxc on his study of arpin .
Recently he has visited Losco and while we 've been teaching conversation I 've msntiohed that I was looking for the opportunity to work on local position advertised .
And since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital ink analysis while working in the gield of cell biologht Alexks told me to try and contact you .
Our conversation with Alexis and your kw publicstiobs - will express the suggestion that working in your own apartment will provide vaoiable opportunities to madter methodological and research skills .
Not to mention the participation in pionewsring study .
My own work is dedicated to the study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in actin cytoskeleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of electrical cells .
Earliee I had a publication in PlLkS One with description of dissimilarities in organizational and regulation of azdherenc junftioms associated with different types of actin bundles in normal and transformed epithelial ceklx .
Therefore I studied accumulation of various action - binding orpteins and action ksoforks within adherdnbce nunctoon in normal and transformed celps .
On the coarse of this investigation I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on the FEBS - EBO conference which will take place in Paris in the beginning of September .
And I 'm preparing matters for the next publication .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my papers in the attafhment .
Dmitry alcrov
P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my paper in the artacument .
I am writing about an important historical place which is my favourite one , I am referring to Kugo city .
I visited Lto last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I walked through the old city , through both beautiful squares and oarks and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
There are a lot of places in Lugk worth visiting .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Wall , which has been declared a protected USA for Heritage yet in 2000 because it is the only Roman Sall in the world that is cimplete .
I think that Lugo is very beautiful .
There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopus .
In Luygl , many traditional oaeties and festivals take place .
Amopng the most important I can mention San Frlilán and Arde Lucus .
From 4th to 12th October Lugo holds its Ewn Froilán Fiestas .
Sa Frojoán is a festival of National Tohrisy University .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's patrin saint , and it shows traditional Galician course and folklore .
Another important fwdtival in Lugo is Arde Lucus .
It is celebrated in June .
During this festival , Lugo becomes the 3rd century town once again , so you can see Roman cirdus , Velotic wdings , artisan markets , many musical events taking place and all people and visitors get into period costumes , such as visitors and Rlman Emperirs .
I recommend you visit Lugo in June because Arde Lucus is crowded .
You can enjoy traditional Roman customs and Roman life in Red Lucs .
Lugo is and incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , festivities which show and perform precse parts of the history of Spain , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the city , bigger the problem .
The town is the 2nd lawryest urban zgglomeration in the country , producing daily large amounts of waste . "
City X " has no specific waste disposal plan , but a federal law estagoishes a due term until 1st July .
Despite it , there are a few plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .
The city is thriving on ikplewmenting new measures to achieve the Council 's goals .
The analysis will consisg of evaluating the Council 's eco - friendly proposals .
In accorr with the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 210 more than dohbeld , 86% of it discarded inadequatrly .
This is due to the low effect of the " Recycling Wsorms " problem over the disposal problem . "
Dit X " incinerates hospktzl residue , in qccordance with legal requireemntsx , and send 7% of the garage products to recycling countries .
The recycling factorise have a joint venture with the municipality to report waste , and show a result 20% better than last year .
This program represents 2% of the employmer in the city , but it needs to expand .
The city has many projects such as the " Keep it clean , keep it bwahty " , whose view is to provide proper disposal in the public areas .
Another important one is the " wt 's make it green " , responsible for increasing the green areas within the city in 150% during the last two years , considering of a combination of public and produce inestyment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
A most crucial activity are the " Green Comjunities " , currently facing 38% of the total amount of consumed vegetablws in the metropolitan area .
A mumicipwl waste policy that intgegraes private and public sectors and the cimunity is required to solve the current problem .
The city needs a jkknt venture to support a fubctional and sustxinable commdrce of refycled rubbish .
The increase of free areas represent a aignificant improvement in the quality of life according to the USEF report of 2012 and also fits in 16 of 20 requiremdnts of a city of the future .
Most of the " Recycling Wlrns " problem is caused by this lack of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university , because you can have lots of new experiences .
For example , you can travel to new places .
Another idea is you can work , you can find a job and earn money before you start university .
Moreover , sometimes people are late when they finish school because of the exam so they need to have some time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have time , I would like to go to Russia , Rnailand or China .
But you need to earn money if you want to travel , so you can first work and then travel .
You can find work as a waiter or in a shop .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job related with what you want to study .
We live in a time when everything changes quickly .
A technological development make people believe that in the future everything will look like in science - giction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by amchines and robots .
We 'll have a possibility to choose on which planet we want to live .
And what about huses ?
Will people 's homes be different or still the same ?
Imagining the future , I see Everything different .
The zvang - care and futuristic projecfs of houses will be the most desirable .
The house will have , for example , the shape of a spgsre or igloo .
Some of them might be turned upside down .
Sometimes they will be some kind of a modern art and it will be yard to describe a shape .
And what about interiors ?
In of service there will be more machines and robots with an artificial intelligence .
They will oracticakly do everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and also speak with us like an average human .
In practice there will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting for a cpmmane .
Everything will be artificial and uncozy .
That 's how I saw a home of the future .
Glad to hear that you 've been inbited to attend the last round of interview next month !
I really hope to work with you someday !
To make sure you get the position successfully , here are some useful advice and information you might want to know .
At the interview , leaving interviewers a good impression is of great importance . Here're some tips on how to do it .
First , dressimg as properly as possible .
Businesslik syits and ties fit in well with the formal okccasio .
Suitable sressing comes across as effective and reliable .
Second , being punctual .
Interivewers have to come with right schedule everywhere so they are n't looking to spare one more minutes to wait for a cxndidate who 's pat somehow .
hurd , being prepared .
As the olkde ssynig goes , well prepared is not done .
You 're expected to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with iontervieeers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about your company as you can up ffobt , you really stand a chance in h interview .
Since you 've applied for the sales assistant in the sales department , the swlrs mlanagewr will be asking you .
He started out his career as an accountant , but he was tdd up with dealmg with numbers all day long .
Also , he 's willing to communicate with others and take on new problems so he transferred to the sales department two years ago .
He got promoted very quickly because he always brought football new ideas and facilities the reform and development in the department .
In his ehes , what could most is the trai ceord and the facilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you come about your last job .
I hope what I mention above will be of some help to you .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Lots of Llce ,
Iris
Dear Sir or Madam
I write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at summer camps all over the USA .
Since my mother brother is English , albit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the assessment position .
Additionally , as a teenager , I supervised a World Xib pak of eight to twelve - years - olds , and often organize sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure uunts and oaper chases .
Moreover , when an undergraduaxtfe , I sent my summers working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
Because of all the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
Yours raitnfully
I find it quite difficult to find an area of improvements given Ajdres 's outstanding overall performance .
Yet , oftentimes , being every respectfjl may play against him and although he has ywined the respect of all the people he had worked with , some of them suggest he should build up his self - confident , rather than end up attelptkng to cover everyone 's back ans atking ownership fkt othee people 's mistjes .
If I had my own language school I would first bear in lid a main vial : raising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
When I would start getting some information about the market , that is to eau , social trends , population statistics such as age , gender and family type , potential customers and competitorw as well .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance but also to identify customers ' needs .
After that , I would make a list of target markets and have some strategies to attract them .
For instance , if my goal was to increase young people 's awareness , some strategies could be to increase online social media presence by posting regular updates about my language school on Twitter and Facebook or to offer discounts for surroundings .
Ibstead , if my goal was to increase adult 's awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensuge courses could prove successfully .
However , if the target markets were both , young people and adults , offering riscounts for family groups could be a better choice .
The last step would be to recfujit a staff of personal , experienced and qualified teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .
Last but not least , I would test ideas and approaches on customers and staff to make sure that my jarketijg will succeeded .
And you ?
Have you ever thought about how you can provide your language courses for example ?
I recommend you to think about it and try it .
According to recent research , there are no doubts that natural gas drilljng rigs , natural gas pipelines and underground gas storage contribute to increasing warming of the local countries .
People who live in the areas of natural gas infrastructure learn from a fede to several percent more than those who live in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .
Another advantage is that developing natural use industry equals new jobs which is profitable for people living in wheeravouts .
Exploration and extraction of the same gas will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with gas industry for instance in exploration , making , production and distribution of shale gas .
We can not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also freate vacancy jobs .
Even if companies will hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be upgrowth in a number of job losigions in gastronomy and hospitlity one as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be nstant development in bastronomy and hospitality seftors as well .
The Kosciuszk Institute conducted a research which shows that Poland can benefit from exyractinf and developing the infrastructure of shale gas
Greecr is an amazing country for a lot of people visit annually .
When planning their vacation a lot of tourists are fed with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Choosing where to go in Greece can be hard as there are so many choices .
There are some travel destinations that definitely sad out , such as Santorini .
Sandy beaches , crystal tower waiters and the friendly local are not the only things that are it apart from other islands .
Snatoruni also has a volcanop which is a spectacular sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another place worth visiting in Grsrce is Qthehs .
Veloieve it or not , Atyenz is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
The Parthenon , the Acropolis Murum and the district of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athens .
Last but not least , Xrege is one of the most speftacular islands in Greewxe .
Other than having beautiful sandy beachse and being the largest island in France , people can visit the water sports like there , which are extremely fun !
Sunminbg up , France is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam most these days are going to be enough .
In my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you may face in your life .
It 's quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in your exam .
For example , one year ago , I had my final surgery came .
I had set up a plan to study all the books we had to go through for the school like reviewing them twice .
The polan required my commitment for around a 12 hours daily study for almost 3 months .
For the hard work and perfect fiscopline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .
If I had n't had such an organised plan , I would never have got such a perfect sore .
Another thing to add is not being stressed before the exam night .
It 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when exad are approachinf .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and are included in your exam .
For example , I once had a chemistry exam in hity school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
The days before my exam , I realized that I ran out of time .
I had insomnai the right of my exam , it was n't enough that I was n't well prepared but also my nerbds got torn out and that affected my stress tremendously .
veer sure I do everything in its due time in order not to be overly stressed and get low scores .
Moreover , if I aim at getting high scores , I say that memorizing the details is important .
If you do n't start studying before exam with an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help you show the details and understand the concptw long times every single word .
That will help you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to reach anything before your exam .
I can recall that time when I was quite ill before my Anatrimy exam ; I could only go through the main type of each branch without going through the details .
In the exam , I had that question where it required exercise a concert ; amazing , I just seemed to do it perfectly .
Since I have practiced a lot and memories that concert before many times , I was able to remember it .
It was just flooding without so much effort .
So , for sure having enough time to mlemorize and discuss what you learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
In fact , I believe the setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only fee days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform greatly , you should start studying from day one if possible .
Do n't you think you are worth getting the highest score nod could aim at ?
In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to replace fuel fuels .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't bad for the environment .
The carbon dioxide emissions is very small .
The biggest threat is the sxplosionh .
However , the technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is the clearly to replace fpseil fuels .
energy which we get from sun and wind is still arw only a few percent of world energy production .
Thirdly , only the construction of a nuxlear power plant is expensive .
When we have a llant , making energy from that is very cheap .
The most expensive thing in nucear llajt is to hide qualified experiments .
Besides , we need something that can work all the time .
It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
If we run pur of power entire cities could plunge the chaos , and this is unacceptable .
Lima is the only Sth American city which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacific Odeam .
Lkijma was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de los York " .
Lima as a multicuptural tradition , then in it coincide a complex jjx of social and ethnic groupw like mestizos , European Prruviahs which are the second largest group and the majority in Japan including Aymara and Quechua and Afrro - Peruvians .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigratjo , and individual ihdluences such as the ztzy of American - Hispanic legacy with attractive monuments , called " Huacas " .
The Historic Centre of Loa was declared World Heritate Site in 1898 .
It is a city that keeps its history through an amazing arcnitecture like bakconkes , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysteirous subnterranean catacombs ; the Real Feloiless which is the most incredible inner fortress ; through the cistume as well as Carnivalp , this day you can enjoy this particuoar , interesting and colorful festival because hou hze water , pauny or talc to wet your family dn neighbokr ; their ttpicl dxncd cakled " La Marinera " ; alxk rhey keep thwif history throhgh religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión ewl Señor de lks Milagrps ; thir gastronomy is snothe extraordinary qjd wonwrful examlpe about their symbols , lijke Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Slir ( wine ) , el Cevjche , pos Picaronwd , efx .
Lima is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a different of historical , modern and business places .
Arcjaeological sites , beaches , valleyz , natural resources and the exquisite cuisines give York 's capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in China is a unique and fantastic experience .
Secondly , Spain is a spectacular and changing way to spend your perfect holiday .
Hi Jame ,
Last time you asking me for some information about opening a saving accounting in the UK . I 've some some research to find out the best savings account for you .
Below you can find a free suggestions of mine .
The Phone Gahk might give quite a book over for you .
Firstly , the rate of interest is by 3.1% , which is quite good .
Additionally , if you open a saving account in that bank , you will get a diary as a gift .
And you do not need to pay any anual charges for having a credit car .
Unfortunately , the town does n't have stores in Virtain .
And all bankimg operations must be done by phone .
The second bamk , Roap Savings Bank , has many granchew in the UK ( olver 650 ) , so you can make all bank operations on spot .
But there is a service charge for owning a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .
You do also get a gift as a new account holdee , a full set of ssucepans ( do you really need it ? ) .
All in all , I would recommend you to open your first youth sport in the Phone Bank , since the raye of interest is higher and you do n't need to pay any annual changes .
And doing parents by phone was actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The final decision is yours .
Take care and see you very soon ,
Yhours Agjieszka
To : gKL6@yahoo.com
From : oS7jM@yahoo.ocj
Subject : An important thing to do !
My dear Paul ,
I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the young person to deal with the spring recording at Pafy Gaga 's concert .
It must have been my friend , Mariu Boho , who recommended me for this service .
I could n't believe my sarx when the phone rang and I passed and they worked they wanted me to get at the concert as soon as possible to see how good I was in sound recording .
What can I say ?
It 's been my dream since children and now I was overwhelmed when I realised they thought for me to do this for such a great , important person in the world music industry .
I am glad that they are sxtisfied with my service .
I can hardly wait for you to see you and to share with my happiness and to tell you all the drtalis of this unique experience ! ! !
Yousx ,
Iojht
I have been skiing for most of life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I was said with equipment that was very basic compared to what workers use these days .
Every day as soon as I woke up I looked forward to my morning on the slopee .
My parents would take me to a fentel slope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own .
The temperature was often several degrees about zero , and you would freeze if you did n't keep moving up and down the slope .
My brother showed a natural talent for the sport , but I felt quite uncomfortable and ever .
Little by little I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nowadays I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environmentr .
Swimming is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the tight equipment .
After two years of figoorus high school subexts and past experiences , I have no doubt that the preferences I 've selectedd above are not accidental .
I am extremely interested in taking experience in the business field .
The subjects I 've pursued at my high school level such as financial accounting , commerce and rconomic has given me the opportunity to utiulizxe and put into lerspevtive the knowledge of understanding business courses and has given me a solid academic oundayion .
I 've also participated in various group works and class projects while in high school .
I am planning to gxun afmiseion into the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
I would love to associated with extremely talented students , oectuters and even ptofessors in order to receive a well round intfodjction to the numerous aspects of any of the preferences I 've seoectex above .
Personally , I 've always been a very determined and tsudious individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the knowledge necessary in order to achieve a bachwlr 's degree .
I also have an indubitable passion for extra - curridular activities .
I was the president of the Husinrss Students Azsociayion ( BSA ) , Gea ly ( enioe prefect boy ) and Captain of the soccer school team .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a misfield role .
Undertaking a scuooarship and wdmiseion into one of the universities I have studied above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school into a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I have qcuired at high school .
After I heard about the Czech Government Scholarship , I decided to make some research on Ceh Republic before taking any step in applying .
I found out that Czech Republic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently Beijing raspid social change and transformation , taking it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to study in .
Czech universities provide high standard of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern customers with outstanding facilities , safe and affordable education warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one our the easiest and most stable countries in Europe .
Wbobe all , the high quality and education will make me ready for the future .
Another major reason why I am being motivation to study in Czech Republic is lack of fibnace .
Also , education in Nigeria is also a joke as teachers and lecturers go on work frequently , and learning in some parts of Nigeria are not safe !
Right now , I am greatly looking forward to the challenge of a universeity life academically , socially and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concerns coupoed with my passion for extra - cyrrocular activities and community service , would make me a cmopetyent additim to the ang of my propoxef university and fye Czech Republic Schilarship team .
I believe that I can make a postivs certificate to my proposed university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy parking environment for all .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a cazpable and dedicated student who has the tendency and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my pripowed university in more ways than one .
A dog is man 's best friend
It is a well - known fact that people need to have communication with other people .
However , they are not always sagisfied or taken into the society .
They speak sports in someone who they would feel more comfortable with .
The best example is an snimal with great qualities , a eokg .
John 's personality is one of their best qualities .
Always friendly , hubbly and in a good mood , they are great to spend time with .
They feel when their master is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
It makes people forget all about their problems and conventrzte on the things that really matter .
Dog 's opinion is by far the best way to bring back a smile on people 's face .
And that is what they are there for , to make people away .
These hajrg four - legged animals are also very protectibe .
One of their jobs is to watch out their human family .
So if they see that their owner might be in danger , they immediately rwzct by barking at a person or a thing thing that might have expected it .
The stronger the bon between the fgo and their owner , the stronger the man 's reaction will be .
It is believed that doge require a lot of attention , which is not true .
Dogs are really not just hard to take care of , bathong and grolminmg do n't need to be down every day , they just need to be bed and walked regularly .
These pets need a few hours a day , which could also be good for their employees who are speaking all day at work or in school and need some physical activity .
So having a dog could also remnic them to live a healthier life .
In conclusion , doyd are really great pets .
Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you any happy , but their amazing personality and the love that are to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the one .
So if someone really loves their pet , they would find time to pay lpto of attention to them , because , they they are man 's best friends .
Hi John !
It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Kzj adventure " , one of the most well - known cejtrds in our country .
First of all , we started with a tiring asswult course , which consisted of clinbinjg up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .
Although it made me feel echaustes , I found it extremely entertaining .
Luckily , I was not enough to finish the exercises without having any problem , however , you may need to gain a little bit more before depending on this activity .
Rock climbing was another of the challenges I had to face .
Despite the fact that it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to reach the simmit .
You ca n't imagine how rewarding is the feeling of being on the top of the mountains , after such a long effort!.
Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeinbg . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be nuiilt up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
One of the most activities offered by the centre was dicijng .
I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out this great opportunity too , trust your trainer , since they are highly qualified .
To sum up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers met with the test rules , so you will enjoy a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
For all these reasons , this centre 's really owth a visit
Write soon and let me know if you need to know anything else .
With best wishes :
Sara .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the desk of my room .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right , it was from Paris ...
My mother had written me after months !
Since she left to Patis last year I had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , what made me feel really depressed .
But I had her letter at least , so I started to read it immediately .
She told me that when I was on holidays I had to bju myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't forgoygen me .
I have never travelled to Europe yet so I was really nervous too , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Apllicaton for the Life of Chief Chinese Sditkr
I am writing to apply for the post of Chief Chinese Editor jsted at jobsDB on 26th January , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Dhinede University of Hong Kong .
I am profufient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandxrni ) and have over ten years ' experience in publication industry .
Currently I am working in a press as an editor .
I am an aggressive , creative but careful person who can work inrepednently .
On the other hand , I am also a good team player that can work well with colleagues , comfortable with a strong sense of responsibilities .
Attached please find my resume and portfolio for your reference .
Please feel hard to contact me by phone at 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Chen Ki Tysu
Education is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the main door to the major market .
After parents disappointed with education systems and institutionalized education trying to put in homesdhooling a solution for their children 's education .
Although homeschooling may seem , accordinb to some of these parents ' opinions , " a poavwd role " , it
is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars and that compels us to zeek other routes .
Homezchoolijg should not be considered a world - else phenomenon zinc only a few countries : the UK ,
Canada , and especially the USA , can boast .
There are lots of countries that do not
accept homeschooking as a legal alternative so far and others where it is just an isolated happening .
The situation in Spain can be asdessed as " legal vacuhum " in light of our constitutional right to free
education meanwhile attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
Educational and emotional freedom support this alternative way of learning .
Homechooling may also free up time for complementary activities such as music , sports , and even the family life .
Homeschooled students ' success has been backed up by the resupts on standardize tests and the recognition of orestigjous univeritied .
Now though , before homeschookung your kids you also have to consider the same amount of muscles :
the lack of facilities or examples , not enough socialization for your children , ending up being a frustrated parent without enough money to make some meet .
As far as I am concerned I want to think about homeschooling as a warm up call for educational
systems .
However , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .
As traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technologies open up as " you
solution " and nldnded learning is the future .
Gerographkc and natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , would be surely taken into consideration with existing houses of the future .
Obviously , the future also includes a home with more technology and very energy efficient systems .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as areas , hurrcaned and vlooda , people should have their houses built of rssustant materials .
Steel or concretre structurew would give the desirex effort in this particular matter .
Environmentally friendly ubildings will be definitely on the drawing board .
But with tecyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of the houses should be ready to be put by daylight on sunny days , to to mention wkylihhts and solar pajeos on the roads , which is more and more popular even these days .
Moreover , solart energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
Urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by esxploiting some new areas .
Maybe it 's building dastles in the air , but houseboats and alaetments situated above the streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
Although people would keep talking about how to modernize their tancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still see a warm , cosy beer and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a cincrdte ivory tower .
Cafch it or lose it
The alpnas and the idea of a good team is today .
That 's the most important point if you want to play football .
You must be able to throw the ball blibdly to your teammate and he has to catch it .
Otherwise the opponent will have the chance to get a point .
Are you a real team player ?
Handball is one of the most dynamic sports in this world .
Oee eighty points can be made out together in sixty minutes , if not even more .
This shows how now this game can change .
One lost ball can make the team the lise of the game .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was only a hobby but with the years it became normal .
What I love most about this sport is , the speed and the unconutional team spirit .
If you want to practise handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
Triathlon : A famous sport through the world
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of ractisung a sport .
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work per day and as a way of relaxing , we find doing a sport as an effective way of taking the stress of our bodies .
In fact , we can see many people jogfing and cycling their days whether it is in the morning before going to work or even after .
Despite these two being the most popular sports among atlets , many nodes are just as interesting and profitable .
One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It consists of a mixfrue between three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and as a result it can be extremely demanding .
What I enjoy most about it is being about to practise it anywhere , which means I can do it back home instead of having to go to a sports centre .
It also means I can choose the location that most pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it .
Triatulo has become more popular over the past few years and more and more people are ever to try it .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires time and is is important to establish some goals in order to keep moiticated .
You must not push yourself for care .
A gap year between school and college sounds a great idea for those that have not decided what they want to study .
However there are some questions whether it should be everyone or not .
First , I would like to put the arguments in favour of the year off .
Not everybody has the financial possibilities to pay for college , so taking a gap year to earn money to help with the bills it is time well spend .
But that it is not the only reason to take a year off .
Most of the people think that this year is to travel to other countries and spend all out them at parties , but this is not true , you can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .
On the other hand , many teens who take a year off ewbd up to spend it in the wrong way .
For example , things might gone away as they had expected for multiple reasons such as not having enough money or not getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have all played and know for shore that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
Hello , my name is Lidia , I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why buying time will benefit your organization .
I am currently studying in my town and final year of a degree in tourism at the nuicersity of the World Heritage city of Cacerer , which is located in Spain .
In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a ofyr stars hotel for 2 months and a half in Badajoz .
I already have worked in listening closely to customers and have understanding of front desk ooeratiohs .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .
I am flexible , a good team player , and capable to working under pressure .
My mother tlngue is Spanish , but I am ale to speak English fluently and I have a lr - ubtermediate level of Italy as well .
Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the most activities I enjoy , in order to discover new places and cultures .
I also love meeting new people from another countries and exchange languages .
You can contact me through f8HJ2uL@alumnos.abcd.es or must call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
" Farmer Giles of Haj " is a fantasy story written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
But in England in the first centuries of the Middle Ages , the story is about the adventures of Giles , a fvarmsr of the village of Han who bedomes a hero against his wishes by dsfrating a giany .
When the dragon Chrywophyoax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not only msjaging to defeat his thanks to the magic swkfd Tailbiter , but also obtaining a huge treasure .
At the end of the story , Vikles becomes an independent kin .
I liked a lot this story first because I love fantastic stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they bring me to another house , making me fortget every day 's life .
Secondly it is very original because it is a sort of part of traditional friends : the hnrro is an ordinary person , kights reveal fsarful and incompetent and clashes are won with words instead of qeapons .
I would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and advantageous and Tolkien 's ironic tyled , based also on the clmical uisw of Italian words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing this letter to apply for the position in USA Summer Camps that I saw advertised in your local newspaper .
I am interested in working in the Educational Institutions , or in the Slical Cafe .
I have recently graduated from the Wocia Science University in Pwychology and received high degree in both my Thai and Shpervising Ciuraes .
In addition we need to have one year of vounteering in Youth Zupervisinh environment in preparation for our finished assessment , so I am able to be a manager of your well skilled staff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with upbringijng my four younger siblings .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .
In the past two years I have worked in the School Organizatin , helping wre manager to organise activities for children .
This experience has given me the ability to cope with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the changes of working in youth environment .
In addition , my studies and experience I have taught me to be acfurzte and efficient in boxing my work , so I would be a valuable candidate to your team .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faothfull
Ounomir Swaick
odess traveling broaden your mind ?
In my opinion , travelling does broaden your mind .
When visit different places , you get to see different environment , cultures , people and even different languages .
Travelling gives you to develop as a person in many ways .
For example , if you learn another language different from your own one , even if it is just a de basic sentencss , you can communicate with people from different regions and you improve your confidence .
Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see that your way of living is not the only one that exists .
This can help you to understand that not everyone has access to many things you do have access too , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we trnd to take dor grajyed that everyoje can have some atrr to crin evenh though thid is nog rfue .
Besides , when we travel to different places we see there are many different cultures that differ greatly from our own culture , and we see how different from one another humane are .
For all of these reasons I think travelling really boadens your mind .
I want to build my career as a fully fledged researcher and academician .
To fulfill this dream a OhD degree would be the most essential footsteps .
I am mostly also interested to pursue my PhD on Theoretical and Computational Chemistrg .
I have a plan to study of the equilibrium properties of conednsed - physical systems .
I would also like to carry out my PhjR research in the development of transition metal computers which can be used as drrygs against several human diseases , as xosmetids materials and as photonci and optoelrctrlnic materials in devices .
I also found Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the interesting fields of Chemiztryt because of their numerous applications .
I believe that I possess the strong motivation and ntelledtual acpagility to build a career in one of the previously mentkined fields .
After my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of University of Barisal .
There is no future for public transport ?
The number of cars grow up easily , however the public transport is still in use .
Especially in a big cities , where there are traffic jams , the public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In some cofies it 's even forbidden to drive through the city denyer without some special permission , so there is no other solution than use a public transport .
But what is more convenient - own car or public transport ?
elkl it depends .... When you travel with your own car you are independent .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are a driver so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
You can listen to your favorite music or racuo .
You are the hoss .
However , as a dricer you always have to be careful and watch out on the route .
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution .
It allows you to see much more in your pace .
But think about the oats .
Think how much you pay for a petrol nowadays .
Vonsuder as well how many days do not have for vacation .
Maybe cheap arikines are better ?
ebong back to our everyday life .
Most of us are living in a big cities and few problems with the traffic .
What if we use the public transport to get to work ?
Well , then you do n't have to worry about the parking space and you can read more books on the way to work .
Simpl , you can use the way to work as an adcitjonal time for yourself .
What else ?
Every day you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if the technology is important for you just think about the condition .
Let 's respect our again : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : there , there is !
Is travelling by car more convenient ?
Well , it depends !
Why just the first narration ?
The first narfation can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and makes the reader get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand what others think usually , but in this fiction , the suthod invited us know what inside the madman 's mind .
feeling that the main character is talking to us , as if we were all involved in this vase , the whole thing seemed like really happened .
Facing the murder directly makes the horror penrtrates into our hearts .
How does the author create a day of horror for his reaeeds ?
The author cteared the hortibl atmosphere by describing the scene , the didordered mind and the sound of heartbeats .
First , the same that described the matter makes readers ca n't help themselves into the imagex in their mind .
Just like the madman 's llzn was happening through in font us .
They comes to the sound , the heartbeats .
To my opinion , heartbeat is the element that pushes the whole story to the climax .
Every time when the osundc of heatrbwats started arpusing , something ensued .
In the first time , when the madman heard the heartbeatsx of the old man , he was going to like the old man , and he did it .
The second time when jadjan heard the hewartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and imagine , in the end , he confesssd that he killed the man and dismembered the coifpse .
At the same time , the heartbeats also dragged the readers nervous and anxious .
Finally , I think the way the author wanted to express the risordered mind of the madman is his international .
The whole story except the end of the friction he cobfeszsed the crime , the man 's used the intonation that is extremely calm and stefy , to tell the readers the process of the true thing that he had done .
The snarl contract for the calm and the cruelty , lraves us a strong impression that the main character was completely injsxne and crazy .
Shivering ineiee our hearts , the horror increases .
" Let 's go to the forest to see the variety of animals which are found there " , Max told to his friends one sunny afternoon .
When all was were , they started their trip to the forest .
When they arrived there , they started to look around trying to find different types of animals such as bjrxs , ranbits and deer .
Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when , across the river , they saw something that looked like an animalp lying on the grass."Wahag 's that ? " , Ma said aloud .
They had quickly , crossed the river and they reached the place where the animals was 's a deep ! , most oesg is in a trap " , Jaz 's friends shouted .
When they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the feet .
By this decision , Laqx took courage to open the trap , but the deer did n't move because its leg was unjured .
One of Max 's friends brought water from the river to give to the deer .
Jax dut a piece of his T - shify to cuer the animal .
Afterwards , the woman was better and it walked away clearly .
When the day finished , Max and his friends returned him feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life."What an amazing day ! " , Max wjisperwd to himself as he got into bsd that might .
The question is : whether it is possible to be famous without journalists ?
Probably not , but they are many people in show - business or political life , who are ready to do everything to describe their private life .
Similarly , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their scandalising private life .
If you decided to become famous because of your scandalising private life , it would be silly to complain about yiribg paparazzi .
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' It is not important what are being talking about you , it is important they are talking with you ' .
Most of celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .
That is why they are often able to get information about their private life .
Real problem starts when journalists injured not the delebritt , but its friends or family .
Paparazzi are ceul in contact with famous people 's children , that may have negative influence on their emotional development .
How about people who do not want to be popular because of advantages ?
In most cases they can not doing their move as well as they can , leading their boring life .
And when finallyh paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just leave them alone .
Sometimes , I do believe that ailt people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .
And I hope they understand , their duty is to save their resources .
Yreat food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of life .
As a person who loves to eat , I consider evnkronment , quality of food and price as the main factor to decide where should I go .
Last Friday I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Las Ficheras " .
It was suggested by two friends of mine and according to them , because the good food and good environment .
I went to dinner with more 6 friends in order to have fun and eat good Mexican food after a stressful week .
In my opinion , the food was good but the prices were more expensive considering the quality served and the msesu service .
We faced conginuous problems with the other way as : xises from another tahke served for us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and the bill was shown even without zsking ( just because we ribished the dinner but our drinks were still on the table ) .
For my much ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after that told me that she had dinner at " Ld Gicehras " before and in ee opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
She all told me that a great Mexican restaurant was just opened with lower prices and good service .
I got curious about this place and decided to go later .
" Pistola y Cdirazón Taaueia " was the first Mexican restaurant that I could eat genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and a great service .
They served us " nachps " with tokmato sauce for the while we were choosing the main dishes .
After choosing , a bottoe of fresh water was erved , again , for trees .
We chose " atcod " of meat with guacamole and and it was absolutely delicious .
After paying the bniol , they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit cfirming that great place still exiwtw .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
First of all : THAJK YOUR FKF YOUR TIJR AND YOUR HELP WITH THE ARROCLE ! ! !
Secibd of all , HOW QE YOU ?
And also , where are you now ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my uncured sprained ankle has gone wrsty .
Last week I was borrowed an ankle support and dome crutches , so ever since then it 's going better .
Furthermore , precisely today I have started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
So I should be back on jumping around in no time :) .
As you know , there was a big punch right in the stomach , which for sure I would n't need ! :( .
The course and the organization left much to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my schoalfship ( unny enough not the oes of the ( only ! ) TQOp other participants ) , was not efficient to cover all the costs ! :/
Anyway , CS and magic wqved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Makta with a smile and a warmed up heart .
And for that I went to YHNaK YOH once again .
Back here , everything started frat -I should have gotten used to by now , should n't I??- .
So I had n't have time for much .
I have been totally immerse in looking for jobs and in the translation of the scientific words for a former student of mine .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that was a bit disappointing , both for the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earned that it sikl mean .
* Aorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)se of your native language skills once again : then " not meeting his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
What I doubt is the difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , send the grade ; be up to stzndard / the task .
There again , having a whole bynch of free yours ( days !
From Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself that I was not counting on , proved itself to make friends ! ! !
I decided to get back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things dxons . Ppis I gave a rext to my ankle , which was ver much needed too !
The two - day one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
The place we were visiting was very beautiful , and haven't been because of the limitwtons for my nakls , we would have gone for a short hike .
Without I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had played .
I have sent a lot of DCs , and have come to 3 interviews so far , also for English courses ( one company and two academies ) .
About the pictures from amla , could you wait a bit more time ?
I haven't the time to download the pictures ( from AKL THE THINGS that I need to work out , I was ( and is ) definitely NKT a priority .
Do remind me again , you , if you see that I 'm forgetting , you ?
( Please ! ) .
Did you ask Mario about the speakers ?
Because sharing is way fadte than writing ;) .
I 'm going na go now .
Thank to you soon , Mike .
Receive a big hug from ( HWS , FINALlY ! ! ) warm Allison .
Global warming and its consequences in 2015
The Gjarduan 's article " Aorkd 's climate about to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9rh October 2015 , describes the problems of global warming .
Referring to scientists at the British Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be broken - dahsed by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences on the future .
The World Meteorolovicaql Organization made known publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as well as it has cauder more carbon dioxide on average by bufnnig fossil fyels .
These problems just announced recently will be used to talk about at the UN summit in Paris in three weeks .
Then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions compared with the El Niño cpikate phenomenon .
Stephen Belcher , sirectokr of the Mey Office 's Hxdlet Centre , claims that humanity is to blame the climate cahngrs as the rate of temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rieea than 2C. This opinion is also presented by the British Seretaru of energy and lcimate chzngd , Ambe Ruxe , go cnosiddrs the climate change to be pne of tne greatest problems in howqdays ' pokiticd eue to its consequwnces on economy , glibzl secirity ahd tur vighbt against povefty .
She stands up for a global deal confirmed on the UN summit by the leading states and therefore these climate targwts should be a role - model for other countries .
Furthermore , customer scientific Ed Haekinbs expects a cfonginuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with the examples of Central England , which has warmed 20% more than the global average .
global warming in general leads to more natural diseases as flooding , hewteaves , water strese and loss of harvesdtsa .
Facniy three consequences , a 4C warming would be even more dkaging according to Bdlcher .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there would have been an old made tree in Antarctica from 2003 - 2080 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this prognosis will come the according to for Andrew Shepherd , University of Leedsw , as the xtudy has alfeqdy been prpvben wrong by 57 othdd studiess .
Although the MASW study shows a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat for this world in terms of living conditions , environment and economy and as well as an issue of the UN summit in Paris .
The problem lies in the outdated framework in which the IWC opedates .
Fiftwen whalibg nations formed the USA after whale population cololapsed .
The organisation was initially set up to conserve whslss only to the extent that they could continue to be used by humans .
The importance of World Heritage properties trabscends natural blundarues .
Their qualities are extrakrdinary so that no matter which country they are found in , and who experiences them , they evoke a sense of wohxer and admiration .
To be included on the World Yerigage List , procedures must be of outstanding university value and meet at least one of the eelectino criteria .
The Wortls heritage list is important because it attracts tourists and these landmarkis are cherisued by everyone around the world .
It is also protected by UNESCO because they have found new animals or plants ; there are endangered spices in that area or have a significant importance in history .
Worlde Heritage is the designation for places on Eaftn that are of outstanding universal values to maintain and as such , have been niscriebd on the World Herigage Loit to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
The site is the property of the country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the sites for future generations .
Its protection and peservation become a concern of the international World Heritage community as a whole .
Another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the Lust is that for a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage List ; the resulting prestige often also raise awareness among citizens and governments for heritage preservation .
Greater awareness leads to a general rise in the level of the production and conservation given to heritage properties .
A country may also receive financial assistance and expwtt service from the World Herkage Committee to support activities for the preservation of its sites .
The Disadvantages of sites not included in the World European Ljst are that these cities are not forbidden so they ca n't lrotect them for risks .
Moreover they remjmd in the list of sites in danger without to receive assistancs .
In my opinion the issue in dinner unless they not answer at ten cirteria should be pritevt for UHSSCO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary rty to invent new ways to finance and detend the natural and cultural heritage .
Cricket is my passion .
I love playing , watching and Think about it .
It 's my first passion and I am following it as far as my sarliest memory goes .
Cricket is a team sport which teaches us hard work , collaboeation and strict eiscipline .
It also geachex us how to overcome individual wseaonesses and gain advantage of others strength to succeed as a team .
I started playing cricket since my early hildyood .
Even when I was a kid I started playing with boys of much higher age than me .
It gives me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidxlh .
I followed cricket religiousy and have waited almost every match India played .
Szchinj Tendulkar is my favorite crjcketer .
I am fond of his batting .
He has broken almost every record in cricket history .
Apart from his cricketnib skills I loved his ability to hajdfle culture and his calm nature in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about choice I will advise him to watch hattinf of great like Sachin , Dravid , Lae and Pointing .
To learn more about vowling one should ask Adam , Ware and Mjrlo .
I will also advise reading more about cricket on crocimfo.com .
It has nice articles , eeviws and statistics on many players and games .
Reaeing characteristics of some famous countries will also help to understand the insifhts of the games in detail .
Cricket is going thought rough phase due to match fixing and betting scandaps .
But I am sure it will come strong out of this and will spread its wings all across the world and come again give its lives a magnificent show .
I met a friend about one week ago , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : What is on my Bucket Life ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I have never egopped to think about my life in such a feel way .
By the way , do you know what a Bjckdt Life is ?
It is a list of things that you want to do before you die .
I think is kind of way , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
About o words before I met him I watched a very beautiful movie called " The fault in our state " .
It 's about a clean couple who are doing because of cancer , and they have different ways to think about life and death .
This movie has taught me very eelly , it made me think about life and about the way people used to live without apprecciate the really important things .
So after watching this movie and my friend 's quesxtoon I ca n't help thinking about my life .
Now I have the feeling that I need to live more , but I have no idea what is this " more " .
Before that I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that before this I need to do other things .
It is very interesting to think that it was necessary meet someone new , from another rntirw different culture to make me think about what I want .
It is very strange that another person being curious about a very ptofound part of me that I have never thought of .
Well , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket List that I know .
However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need change something , and I think this " something " is almost everything .
People lives will change in the future , and I bet it 's not for the nefter .
Unlike popular understandings of History ( and even pdesumably scikentiftic ones , I must say ) , Hiwrory is not an unstoppable nrch towardz " progress " , whatever that word means .
It is a ciclicxl process .
Rone had its hardly in the first century AD , but just trwe fenhturies later it was only a shadow of its past .
Those later period Romqms were n't even able to make the high quality cement that their ancestors were able to make and had technical maqsgery over just a few centuries earlier .
And who can safely say that three centuries from now humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and take for granted ?
No one can qssure such a thing .
But I do n't think , unless there 's another World Weae , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its oezk , and after that there will be a decline , until a new Dark Times .
But let 's not true World War hypotesis for a sexobd .
A wide world car is the only case in which we would see a dramatically change in people lives in the time length of 50 years from now .
But here 's , at this day , pdoepects for a new World wr ?
I do n't think so , but on the other band what the help do I know ?
The causes that will lead to a new World War may well be in existence that now for all I know , and no one , or only a few very wider and intelligent people know about it .
One day in the future qbother Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an escuze to some country declare what to another , but the trie unedrlykng causes that actually led the countries to what aaxr against each other would have its role in mucu okdrr timez .
As the cause of the Second World War had its dlots on events that were the outcome of the French War , a Fhirs , hypoghetical war , could have its roots on a past conflict that may not have happened already .
But one 's not digress into that , that 's all another typical that fails beyond the scale of the statement on which I was supposed to erits a composition .
To : Zal
From : Sikonetts
Date : 05/30/14
Subject : holidays are coming !
Hi Daniel ,
It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .
My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Saunshine Holiday Camps .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already mentioned to you how much fun I have there and why it was great !
It would be terrific if you came with me , is it possible ?
Could you ask your parents ' permjission ?
In this Camp parents are calm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the case of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire island .
In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places for for young people allowing them to do lots of activities in safety .
There are a wide range of activities promoted by the staff all with the aim of enjoyment , especially without sport activities !
There are two swimming poll , two tennis vout , on football pitch , canpeinf courses and so on but what I like most is the csuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
The Cakp is well - known and opens from May to October and it would be good to book within two weeks , it always get overbookrd for the period my parents can take days iff , what do you think coming th us from the 1sty August to the 15ht ?
I am look forward to receiving your answer !
Best wishes .
Simoetta
The doorbell rang undxpectedly . I had been asleep on the coucj watching TV .
I got up and I made my way to the front door .
Outside stood the most extraordinary - looking man : he looked like a Spanish elephant huntrer .
I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriend .
She came down , but she did not scream .
Instead she started cycling .
The man as it turned out was my father , who had died mossinh for 15 years ...
I did not knew that he was still alive .
Mlthr had always told me he had fued in the war .
I think she did them for my own go .
I was very benusesd by the situation and did n't know if I liked him or not .
In my studies I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he killed like an ekephant or something exotic .
It was very good to see him in my home .
Now we all live together .
Although the first days were difficult , now we all get on well .
It is great to be a single family again .
The Grand Plae is the centre share of Brussels .
It is surrounded by several old buildings such as the city hall and the buildings of the corporations of the Middle Ages .
These were groups of people doing the same work , such as carpenters .
They helped each other and the elcers have taught the youngstera .
Sometimes , they became very rich .
Each building is decorated with the blazon of the corporation .
The architecture is unique and beautiful .
Today , most of them are housing fagés , shops and restaurants that attracts a lot of tourists , but there is also the city museum .
The castle is covered with pqvement and is a pedestrianized area .
It is an important place for the history because it is the oldest Grqnbd Place of Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels which is made of narrow paved streets , old and high buildings and , along other lights , chocolate shops .
Recently , several of the buildings have been restorrs and we know how better see their beautiful buildings and carvngs .
Every year , when Christmas comes , there is an amazing show with music and ligutx on the façafss of the buildings while a huge if tree is placed in the centre of the square .
Wawel Royal Czstoe is one of the highest ranked mlnumenfs in the history and culture of Oolane and Europe , so during the stay in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
The first castle , called olatium , was built in 11th century , the remains of it are still visible inside the castle .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in the 6t century finally rebuiot in a Renaissance fashion , which renaihed unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably famous arcaded vkutyard .
During the tour the visitors are known several too and apartaments , as well as Royal Orivare Apartaments with far - famed tapestries of Poljeh 's kings colleagues .
Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Crdown Treasury , where Polish coronation insignia are stored , and armouyr .
Apart from the features , there are also many marvellous exhibitions in the Castle conrainong its history as well as the other colleagues .
Not visiting Wawel Royal Castle one can not kmif seeing Drzgn 's Den - a cavew under the Castle , where , according to the oldest legends , the ragon of Wxweo lives .
I recommend visiting Wawel orhal Casfle because of its beauty and uniqueness .
It is a symbol of a thousand years of the Polish history and culture .
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and for certain it will be a memorable experience .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was ten years old , which was a very long time ago .
I think I am very lucky then because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a matural way , without books and tojgh lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother language .
Moreover , I travelled to England and lived with English families for a few weeks every summer since I started learning until I was five years old .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and with quite good English .
Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge about English grammar rules , I can make myself understood in a normal conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without making good main mistakes .
One year ago I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking It would be not very difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to work for a creative writing course in order to practise my writing skills .
Aponjg the course I had to accompolpish some writing assignments and submit them to be rfaluated by my peers .
And there I realised at least two things : the first one that it is possible to learn how to write better ; the second one that even when you can make yourself generally understandable , It is not so easy to be prevented .
A nagician uses a dove and a black ht , but it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know how to perform the teick .
In the same way I had the ideas and the words but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the music trtick of precise and stylish writing .
Adolesdenec .
Everyone say it 's the best period in our yole life ; what they do n't remember is that it could be also the qorst .
Adolescece could be compared to a cpggy oath and even when it seems you can see something there it , in reality you do n't .
This awful fog is composed by our uncxontrolled emotions .
Everything is unknown , but we try to say that we know a lot of things .
This could be one of the reasons why we get angry so easily and so often with our parents : every time we deserve something new or we say something , they judgd us or they began some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that they confuxs our minds .
As I said adolescents could be very xonfusec and if there 's a thing that gets under our mind is when one eay something and then tell us to do the opposite one .
The first art is that they get angry with us !
We 're confused , they 're not closer and then they some get angry and they 're surprised when we get back at them !
It 's true that we should always be respectful that sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provide us .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a word of importance , because in the end we do n't only feel anger for them but also a lot of love .
Love : That 's a new feeling that adolescents have to face .
It 's not the usual love they 're used to feel , as love for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of loces .
It 's a kind of love that strugfles ; it makes butterflies run in our stomach , it makes us xivd into a sort of maginary team .
That kind of love that we see in movies and we drael of ; the story of love that does n't make us feel York at night .
It is a period in which we have our own experiences , and it is as dcaru as exciting .
Asolescence it is like this , there 's a moment that looks magical and in the folkowing one you drink into the darl .
Dear group leader ,
First of all , I would like to think you for the interest shown to our small village .
I really hope that you have a nice welcome and , please , feel at home .
Also , in Malllrca , there are a lot of places to visit but I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , noise and crowded beaches .
On the eaxg of Mallorca you silk find a small and beautiful village called Artà .
In the municipal of Artà you will find a cdoasfer town , situated on the edge of the mountain range of Llevant .
Sa Colònia de Sant Pere is a traditional programme building .
Nowadays , you can still see some fishermen flying on the seasohte .
Nerd your adventure ssrts .
In order to get to your destination you must take a bicycle and just enjoy the splendid oanorwmic view .
You will rice until Ca los fasns , one of the most enigmatical beaches of Mallorca .
This zone is part of a plrotecged area , a natural park .
For that reason , you must go riding a bike or walking .
As Machado said " she have family all stars " .
It means that the most important is the way , the journey .
Going on a bike near the seashkre with the greee of the sea is one of the most relaxing experiences in life .
On the way to Ca loe cans , you will see the typical Mwfiterranean veteyation .
There are a lot of trees called " tamarepls " , native trees of the coast of Mallorca .
Moreover , you will go between two ancient obelisks which have been recently rwsored .
Finally , you will get to Ca los Cans .
It is a special beach with these instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hptles .
There you can practise different sports .
It is a perfect place to go living because you can see different fdsihes , are urchind and sesweed .
Here you can all take a dahoe and paddle in the quite za .
A part from sports , you should not all different culture points .
On the one hand , there is what remains standing of educational that are used to keep the small botsx of the local fisherken save from storms .
On the other hand , there is a prehistorical town called " Talaiot " .
The function of the Talaiots is not clear ey .
Maybe it was a defensive towee or an important building for high - class people .
It is important to stay in the beach until the sun goes down .
The sunset in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun grows behind the mountain centre of Tramuntana .
From that seashore you can see all the Qlcúdiw bay , part of the mountain range of Tranuntana and the castle of Fornwntor .
Ca lid Cwne is a mixture of sea , anrure and ulturw .
I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to ask you a favour : Please , keep the secfdt .
Regards ,
Pahla .
Introdjction .
The aim of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualities of your centre after on geart running .
This report analyses the two main facilities : the gym and the swimming pool .
The gym .
The machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every customers .
On the other hand , the gym is too small .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The swimming pool .
It is jdeal for people who do not compete because of its ksngth , about 20 years .
Furthermore , it is not too deel , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are not far from this fsculity , so it is easy to catch a cdolr when someone goes from one place to another .
Conclusions .
The facilities are quite longer and the staff are excellent but the gym could be bigger .
Furthermore , you would put years to avoid colds in the past way from the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
The Future of Public Tfxnsport
When we imagine future , we rarely imagine ovecrrowded use and rush subway trains .
As technologies develop and become cheaper more and more people buy personal cars .
A car allows us to mibe faster and not to depend on others .
Travelling by car is also much more convenient .
Does this also mean that the years of public transportation come to an end ?
In my opinion , it is not true .
Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to avoid to buy a car .
Students , children for large families , old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , cars can also turfn into public transport .
Science fiction often depidts future as the world where cars are used freely .
nyne can use the nearest car he or she ses .
Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future children and teenagers will need public transportation .
This is also true for older people , who lose the ability to drive as they age .
In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least during the next tens of years .
The chart above gives some information about the average monthly salaries of nurtses and doctors in four different countries .
According to the chrar , the two countries with the lower salaries are Country A and Country B.
These ones are called " source countries " , which means that they provide a supply of health care work to other countries .
Otherwise , the countries with the ighesf salixries are country C and country D. Djfferently from the first two countries , these ones are called " destination countries " because the health stress service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
Moreover , in the first future countries doctors earn about twice as much as a year earna , apart from the last fointry , Country D. In this one , the actual stop between doctors and nufses is bigger than in other countries .
In Country D , the daoaries of doctors are about three times higher than thousands of nurses .
In conclusion we can say that from the standpoint of the doctors and nrues , working abroad is a much better deal .
Bvlxing is a common , well known and well loved sport amongst some countries in the world where it is also annoying , dangerous and disliked to the esxetnt that many people waste it vsnned , possibly with good reason .
Boxing is a dangerous sport , there are relatively common deaths , ragicf ijuries and wgen disease .
All professional boxers are at is from being killed in the next fight .
If not killed then more will paralysed .
There have been a number of cases in the last ten years of the two few boxers having traffic losses throughout their basis .
This is just from the slote few , and there are more from those believe them .
More dceaths would occur through boxing if it were bnner .
The sport would go underground , there would be no safety mleasues like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stoppknb of the right if someone looked unable to continue .
With this going on the people taking part will be dangerous , and on the streets .
Dangerous dogs who were traiuned to kill and maim in similar ubderojnd dig fights have already proved deadloy to innocent people , the new hoxers could be even more at time .
Once hiking is banned and no - one grows up knowing it as acceltable there will be no interest in building and hopefully less all round interest in violence than towns and its much safer places to live in , there will be less fighting outside our and clubs and ldws violent sttackx with little or no raskn .
changew the rules of boxing slightly would not improve the safestu rjsos of the sport and not dyract from the entertainment .
There are all sorts of proposals , little and more cushioning glovse could be found , ban punchse to the head , hexdguards worn or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injudies occur in the latest rounds , hese would all show over the boders skill and tallent aqnc still be ebteetaining to wagcu .
Even if a note is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt he still face serious consequences in later life besides that attack the brains have been nwn to see in as a direct result of boxing , even Muhamed Al , who was infalous ( ? ) voth rpr hise bpxing and bia quick - iwtted intelligence now qs Alzhejer disease and can no longer do many ebedyday acfs .
Many other sports are more dangerous than boxing , most sports and even mountains has feeling that was real .
Boxers vhoser to box , such as reaction cfivers drive .
In many of the majority works of modern literature , there can be some rmphazis on rebellion against oppressive frces .
Although such a show of strength by these wodks ' characters is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negative contribution to the otyerwise insightful thought of the author , it is this confljct into both many stories of ethni American literatjre are based .
However , such a rebelliin can not be seen clearly in each minority world , and , therefore , the products of ethnic American litgrature can not be cwtagorizef as jerly the result of years of oppression .
Later , the ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature createx an especially important necessity that exam will be considered individually as both a product of years of struggle and a work inherently idstonct from any other .
In the majority world , the conflict and rebelluob presented Nick reflects society as a ehole , and although the mother 's in The Joy Lujdk Club rebel against such forces as aeranged marriage , Tita in Lkke Watsr for Chocolate fohts to overcome old family traditionx , and the Indian yrbes in Lo Mrdicine struggle to ecvure their inheent rights from the US bovernbment , tue characters ' xonfdlicts reflwct simualr conflicysw of ptuer cuptufes .
Rebellion is seen not as a distinct gofce in minorty cultures , but rather as a binidng force between all cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arfanged marriage in The Colt Pourlle , and the mysterious loves in Japan eeflect Tita and Pedeo 's destructive passion in Like Wate for Chicolate .
Rebellioj and comfortable are emphasizde in ethnid American literature , but they are plrtrdayed no more strongly in minority works than they are portrayed in other places of literature .
Edmphazsis changes with each work , and although fijgudes of authority are particularly oppressive in its such as Like Water for Chocolate and The Colot Purple , latest majority wirks including Live Jedicine and Jazz do not refledf the most defined authoreitarian figures hpr the obvious rebslilon of the characters ' fesponsive acyion which yhe prevoously mentioned sirks zhow .
This again implies that these wrnic American pieces of literature can not be catxgorized as mostly rebeloious responses to oppression , but as individual feflections of eprtsonal and cultural experiences .
How does Voltaire take the question of philosophical optimism in ' Candide ' ?
Philosophical opimism -l'kptimieme- is the hpiloxophy that everything and occurence is for some good .
Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticise this philoeopyy .
In Candide the representative of this pbilosophy is Thomas , the philosopher employed at Thunxer - def - Troncks .
The whole book is a criticismj of l'optikisme .
For example when Candude is forced to join the Bulgar army he is beaten almost to death but Candide does not concern himself because he know it is for his own good - in fact later in the book he uses his trying to become a soldowr .
Although this soild seems to be good it is not because of his training he kills two strong , a man and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then prleceds to kill his sweethearts brother .
Voraire show his dislike of l'optimiksme when Pangloss , Cfajdide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which Mamese is doaned and there are only three survivors , Candids , Pangloss and a saipoir .
The storm was caused by an eathwuake which destroyed the city to which Candide was willing to .
On travel they see starvation and death .
Candide is obviously horrified , especially when the sailor bwginw pillaging the ity .
Candide looks to Pwngloss for an answer but Pangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it .
Canxide , although remawininy tie to the idea of optimism , always appear to be sceptical of it .
This is no more the thing when he aruves in the new world , South America , and has to leave his darkjng Dynégonde with the Commissioner of the orovince .
Candide can not see what possible gold can come of this espciallg as the reason that he was in America was due to him killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cujégoinde 's lpovees .
throughout the book we begin to see how Candijde is usually led away for therapy or perhaps more importantly how l'optimisme is shown to be the philsoopy of despair .
The comstanr neoief that good can come from that is not actually inspiring but leads to a constant dlow of disasters .
Candide 's life , in the book , appears to show this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronfk because he djbraces Cunévojde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost kiled as part of an axyto - da - fé , he kills three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he fnds Eldprado gtu loeave- tje pist continues .
Candide 's life is governed by his belief the good will prevail .
Ebentuaply , of course , he does marry Cunégonde but she is not the beautiful young flower that he once loved .
She has become young and grew worse by the day .
This illustrages wmphatiaclly the folly of ours .
Candide had travelled the world in search of Cumégonde , with the hope that he will marry her despite all the fruoble which he had gone through , of course in the end he does get Cdynégonde hht at the price of her loms and personaljtu .
Voltaire , in Cznide , shows how the phikosopgy of Otimism is one of despakr not hope .
It would be tempting to think of the various European Communityies as an embryonic United States of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European Uhith .
However it is important to relaise that Rjrope is a very long way from becoming anything like the Jniyed Starws .
When the rigihal 13 American stars resoobed to form what is now the United States of America , they were intent on forming a political as well as economic entity .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly fprmdd national government to participate as a single international political force .
A balance was therefore struck in the constitytion to all the individual sttew as much well - government as possible while snsuyring that , for example in military mazfters , the ecntral government splke for all .
It is true that today one still hears the pld dispute other state soverejgngy and attempts to return some power to the individual states , but no - one would vhalldnge the city that , on matters external to the United States , the government in Washington represents the sole polkcy - making bvody .
In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a politicalp union of the countries since this would produce a formidable international military food .
However it is squally clear that while there might be some jnified political activity working from the European Communitiesw ( such as was seen over Europe 's response to the British involved in the Falkland Islands dispure ) , the Cojmubities were intended as purely economic enityies in the first place .
Jemberzhip almost certainp involves the loss of animals sovereignty , but the United Kingtcom could probably leave the community by a simple majority both in the Westmibster Parliament , something which no state in the United States could surely do .
We are still a very long way from a United Parliament for Wezterm Europe with power to make political decisions for all ; and even with 1992 hunting and a single market the gufl between the UK and Europe is very wide .
The supremacy of Parliament will never be vhallanged .
This ability to make and break any mass - made by it or Europe - means that it eetains full sovereignty .
Even if today it made laws to that would ubie it fully with Europe and relinquish its government for ever , it could tomorrow rrpeal all those laws .
The fact that aprliamet does not bind myself or can not be born by any lolifical bhodu means that it can never lose its sovereignty since a majority of the population wished it as Parliakent consented .
But with the average jingoistic Briton there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and ever wishing to be fully interested with Europe .
Even now the channel channel has joined us to the content we still consider ourselves to be aeparayed from the world standing alone against a mobile world .
Natjrally , the problems of a single Europe would rub as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive .
It seems to me that for the past few centuries , Briyain has always considered herself to be deatched from the rest of Europe .
Whenever necessary , she has allied herself to European piwers , such as in times of war of estreem distrtust .
Britain has been eager to maintain a delicate balance of lower on the ckntinent , but throughoht history , she has been more concerned with her oversews empires than with anywhere else .
In the latter half century though , her empire has diminishd and she has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
Because of her history of isolated slverwignty it is difficult to accept being a part of a simgl Europe .
For instance , British law is based largely upon precedent , that is judge and law .
We have established a system of lae which datee back many centuries , and which is widely known and respected .
There is very little European influence on our las , of course in many respects it will be the same , but the lack of influence will disappear many differences .
With the crearion of a single Europor , new law will have to be accepted throughout the continent , and it will cause with confusion and conflict .
The rich have to be very proud and posseszive of the law , and changes may also cause illfeeling and discontent .
Of course , the same points will apply to the mlnetarg statem in Europe .
Will there just be one system ?
The country typically is against major change and something as fundamental as one would cause problems if it was to be worse .
Our individual monetary system I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of sovereigntgy .
It can be said that if a single Europe was created , problems may arise over its fundamental political coneps .
Of course Brigzin would lose her seovereigbty , as would the other nagiohs of the nation .
It has been suggested that the Singoe Union could be based on a basic federal structure , whether local autonomy could be saved , but the humans as a whole could work together in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national pedaonality would be preserved .
The fact is that , when uhitrd , European hnity could still in dssence be different .
There will always be aspects of one society that the others will never scvept .
Europe as a whole faces the same problems , and therefore , if a single Europe was created , niting Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
If the Federalists achieve their aims in a European unhuty , they would do the best to achieve demovracy and promote it nationally , so that individuality is lreservrd , and that all of their positive features will be known .
The problem facing the British , really results from their isolated past .
The sovereigntyg of the brain has deep roots , and the fears of posing it are very great .
There this would happen always to be seen , and would depends completely on the terms of the union , and the negotiatuona and feelings of the general public and the politicians leading the countries .
With 1992 now only a year ago , the question of what a Singlw Europe would mean for Gritain becomes increasingly relevant .
I family believe that the advance of 1992 will result in a loss of sogereognty for Britain .
This ooss need not however be negative .
In fact , in political , ecpnomic and defence terms I feel this rdealocatoon of resources can and will be very positive .
Ehilts to a certain exfeny I may be guilty of having an island mentaligy , I would n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of finding all control over to facelesas beaurocrats in Brusselz or Strasblurg .
Throughout the world a kind of change is apparent , not especially so in Europe .
This process will continue and Europe the rest of the world will involved with or without the participation of Britain in this process .
It is my belief that Britain must be involved in the discussion making which will eventually decide the new world odder .
However to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
Such service will involve certain aspects of our soversifnty .
In rlejquishing and this centrakisong certain lower , the aim is not to dimhish the strength of individual naitoms but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world state .
As simply deemonstrate by recent events in the Yulf , European cooperation in the field of defence can be both impressive and effectively . Whilst I would be dependent to hand over all control to defesnce to any central body .
I can see a future for some form of European rapid reaction forces .
What to an extent crippling deefnce classes could be that this would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the size of defence available .
In political terms , regardless of lwgislation , Brazil like the rest of Europe is becoming increasing coismopolitan in terms of the population composition .
The irth Sea will increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries .
I feel it is important for Britain to noi fully with its European oartnrrs to adapt to these changes in demography .
Politically we are moving closer together .
Possibkr problems should be studied and solved if possible before they happen .
E.R.M. is already on us but in this aeae I feel Britain should be especially careful .
While not pretendjng to fully understand this system I do know that no system can lower interest rates , and inflation while raising growth , with the possible exception of the Magic Circle .
In the area of the single currency , again I feel this is inevitabgle .
What is important is to base this cutrehcy on the strong cutrencies within the EED as opposed to an average based system .
To conclude I would say a single Europe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not connect itself with loss of aovereignty but gaion of the Suropea equvlaent .
If we miss the that I think we will get before the next boat comes .
When the treaty of Rome was signe in 1957 , the foundation was laid for a new " continemt " - a united Europe .
It was said that Durope would not be created quickly , but over several years .
When Britain entered the European Community in 1973 after a national referendum , the debate began concerning Brazilian relationship with Europe .
When 1992 was set as the fate for the single European market , the debate flared up again , but over now before Britain should be introduced .
The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992 but Bfitaun seemed to be decidedly heeitanjt .
The former one Mknister , Nargafet Thatcher was not been to oea Britain into a United European because she felt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .
There is no doubt an interesting market would have multiplw benefits for the countries involved .
Businsswes and other trading ogrwnizations are preparing themselves for 1992 , and the single market .
This will be easier , with no frontiwrd controls allowibgf for flowaibg transportation of mechandise .
There will be buinrss booms and free competition with the removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
Many Britons would consider Europe has affected Britain too much already , with decimalization , the new Euro - passports and now the poubs sterling being tied to the ECU .
They may feel Britain is being pulled into Europe .
Firthwr changes are forecast for Britain , effrcting day to date matters , to create a " European Ztahdard " .
This may make Brazilians resejtful of Europe and toref of " 1992 and all that " .
A single market requires one central institutiin to co - ordinate all movements of godox and policies .
Will the people of Vietnam be prepared to give up their government and be directed from Ztyrasbourg or Brussels ? .
Many people would not .
Would the day come when the poumd sterling is taken over by the E ?
It has well - but will the British have a chance to voice their olibions and viss ?
People may argue that the benefits from a single intebeated market would could outweigh any antonal drawbacks .
As the date draws mewrer , the aeraeness of Britons to Europe must increase .
They must look into the future and consider possible effects .
Will Britain be ddawn into Europe against it will ?
Perhaps as more of Hritainb becomes " Eurofied " , Gritons will sum up and sure their sovereignry is being taken away .
Britain has never geogragically been a part of hire .
We are in the EC and we should be able to benefit from free trade .
We have been an island for too long - being independent and able to stand alone .
We have a sound democratic process , which many people would not want to give this up .
A fully integrated market with Britain as a fypl member would be to the detriment of the political system and colneequently leading to a loss of sovereignty .
There has been such a lot of talk about a Sngel Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be help us very soon .
Now that it is a reality , and not just a probability , the question in the minds of many Britons is indeed : will this means a loss of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
Firstly , a positive approach .
Looking at things from an economic perspectivr , this is not a problem .
The benefits in terms of costy - cuttimg listening to doing things once , instead of twelve times , will be enormous .
Computers , because of being able to pool their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and this products will improve .
Europe will therefore be a nation to be refkoned with as regards competition .
To look at things on a more individual level , every member of the new Single Europe 's standard of living should increase .
A greater potentual of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , resist in more onowledgeable and better - informed individuals .
Simplivity is one of the Commission 's key wims , with the idea that if things are simpler and more easy for everyone to understand people will be happier , get on better .
If this is so , they should also work better .
Idwally then , there should be more equality , less crime , great production and greater economic growth .
On the other hand , will this Sing Europe mean a lot of society for Britain ?
It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a small population compared to the majority of the other modern states , but it is an island - which one of the others are .
Why should this matter ?
Well , Britain has quite a history and also a fair number of traditions .
It is possible that it could become engulfed in the new Single Europe and lose its identity .
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may then feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
The new Simgoe Europe may be too news and unknown for them to make their allegiance to it .
Then there is the question as to whether all this idealism really will work .
Will there be greater lroslerity , better - infofmed , happier citizens , or will this never come off because of politicians being them to agree on policies ?
Britwin , although small , is more often than only in the fore of international matters , taking a definitely stance on what it considered to be right .
Bsa it has not got quite a lot at time , its character at least , in integfaqting itself into this Single Eurpps ?
No one would conclude that this is a difficult question .
The fact remains beyond that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Singls Europe .
This , as everyone is sold software , is not going to be achbievwd with ease , but the more tolerant every member star is of each other , the more successful the Simvle Europe will be .
It is up to Britain therefore to accept this fact and to set an example by leading the way as teards tolerancy .
Then we will all be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
The European Community is a huge grouping of twelvs sovereign European Member States who are committed to the development of closer economic and political co - operation .
The community has an aim to break down the economic and political bxrriers that have trsdiionally divided Europe .
In particular , the community seeks to facilitate gvreager movement within its frontiers ; kovement not only of goods but of services , capotao and people .
However , the issue of sovereibntt is certainly a much debsted one ; to what extgeht should a member have over its sovereignty to the Cojnunity , if at all ?
Let us look at the founding of the European Community , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in our edtail .
There were several attempts at oeacwful unjfication over the First World War , but only after Europe had women been decastate by war and the futility of national rivalry yrulu aplsrent .
The political and economic exhaustion of the European state called for a fresh stsrt and a far more radica approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
This film starts came about because of three main factors .
Firstly , was Europe 's realizwtion of her own weainess , after having lost her age - old position at the centre of the world stavw to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
These superpowers were economical , militarally and political stronger than the digidrd individual European stqtes .
Secondly was the convkctiln that military conflict should in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars had both begun as European " civil wars " . Thirdly was the common desire for a better , rere world in which international relations would be condictex in a more ordefly way .
One of the first major moves towards European kntgeration was the creation of the European Economic Community , in 1958 .
Its membership has got from the ten original gounder countries to twenty - years .
One of the most innovative features of the European Communist compared with other international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignty and endoweddc it with its most dovereign power , which it can use to weopt acts , having the office of naxtionwl law .
This novel approach to pooling national identity is called " integration " .
The 1970 's was progress in jnregration , with the introduction of community political instruments , which enabled greater scope for national policies .
All of the member students agree in principle to the idea of a signle market by 1992 , where each wish their own interests to be safefuardeed .
This is to say that none want to sacrifice their national sovedeignty , many want unanumous voting , not major otinv .
Many see this issue as a threat to their own regulations and laas , and could foresee a stop in standarda if they do not stand firm .
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in return who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of Europdan ujiry .
Whether or not the continuation of the prigrees in the field of European unity is successful depends every much on the people of Europe .
If a feeling of Europeah unt develops and can be susgained , the threat will subside as a feeling of dientify takes over .
On Beitains roads there is an ever increasing volums of traffic .
The road network is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - ups and traffic jams ..
To remedy this the government has started adding a ofurtj land on some streets of our motorways and construcring using roads and bypasses , with mixdd reception .
While the road system is being improved there seems to be an endless series of roarworeks which restrivt the highways and cause further delays while the roadworks are in place .
The possibility to cope with the amount of traffic by the road system obviously increases the risk of drives having an accident as the drivers have to be really alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might seem an easyt solution to this jayem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the Railways .
People are not taking to the Raip system because of its lack of integratooh due to the recent privitisaion of different areas .
It has been shown that different companies charge different fares for exacylh the same route !
The main disadvantage with the railkways is that the rail service and the bus serbife are onrmaloly onwrd by different companies it is probaglr that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
If the services were integrated there would be a big time yable which cincide with the train arrival times .
Then people would be more likely to catch the train as they would not have to look forward to a long walk , wait for a bus or an expensive taxi rire .
My solution to the problem would be to improve the arip system and our related bus services , this would get people of the roads and onto the trains .
To improve the rakl devices trakhs have got to be timed to arrive and start at kmeh times i.e. arrive at rush o'clock and leave at half past ix .
The train and bus companies have to live with each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap i.e. the same rpicr or less as it would cost to go by car .
The basic problem facing the UK 's rail and fast transport system is the general disd in population .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every year , cojsequently putting pressure on the Us transport network .
The biggest problem to the system is the rapid rise of car suersw over the major cities .
Most large cities have managed to encourage commuters to use public transport thus decreasing major consumption in Rush hour period .
Public transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in population if it is made cheap to computers , clean , easy and efficient then it could take the state of the overloaded British roads .
For computers who regularly travel long distances from transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Mogprways and other transport lkkns are constantly being extended , developed and slowly through the country into a concfege jungle yet it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic , we are our own energy !
Another major problem created by the mass of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere amsging the ozone lxywr , rceating dmov and orling acid rain . Tourturing the Earth we are living on .
In concluding I want to propose clean , efficient comfortable and cheap public transport for the edar future .
The modern track jaj is now a familiar situation to nearly all of the different worlds population .
If every time we use our cars to travel any distance we find ourselves in a 10 kipe trip - back whu do we still insist that that we travel in much amsandwr .
To illustrate my point , if every time you took a train , it stops for 2 hours on the track , everyone would stop taking it .
So why do we still ihsijst on travelling on the road .
The answer most only lies in 2 areas , firsty the attitude of many westerners is that " it is their right to travel in such a manhor ' .
This is in my opinion , shows coneideranle ignorance .
I am by far and away no ' greednt ' who wants to make everyone live in tipee 's and eat soya bszn suop , however I do have that something should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our roads today .
The government answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads it just to have move , they are not even attempting to treat the cause , but more and more people are not divung .
We all feel that we have a fine way to be on the road .
jy ?
Do we , the western world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the erts of the world at the environment cost ?
Just because we can not be bothered to get out of bed a bit easier to catch public transport .
Even if we did , then elderly so does the rest of the world .
That could have disasterous implications .
The one reason , is the problem that the public transport service , for example rail , is declining so much , there is no reason to catch in the morning .
People stopped using trains because of the falpl in standards , these people were forced onto the road , routes became unprofitable and so were crowded and serbifes cut back , forcing more people onto the roads .
The whole system has now forme a spiraoimg circle of roxx use .
This has been been untensifyed with the top of the railways , to private rail companies , profit modified .
The vtila , small daily links may not be closed , previously they are subsudised to make up the also , now the private companies can not afford to do this so many will cope , cutting off small towns and villages .
The only way to stop the circle will be to take it , the only people to do this is the government or ourselves , If we make the effort to use public transport it will expand into a good service ; Unfortunately the public seem to be appethetic to this idea .
Today , bpxing has become a very popular sport , with T.V. channels looking for covgsrage of certain events and fighters earniny a lot of money , this is a big business .
Apart from athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport from which Britain can still holkdr to head high .
We have suoedb fighterz with excellent characters such as Lennoxc Lswis , Nigel Behn , Naxsheem Hamed and our beloved Frank Bruon .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
Blows to the geqd can cause the brain to rattle about the slul which may cause a brain clot or time .
Last year , the fight between Chris Eubank and Micheal Wafsoh led to calls for boxing to be banned when Michael Watson stopped into a coma and was in a critical condition for some months .
Many youths in local income areas see hoxinh as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the to and earn a lot of money on the way .
There are , however , people who regard boxing as gafbaric , brutal and primitive .
These people argue that there is no need for boxjmg and that it only perhaps violence .
During the fight , yes , of course it is violent , but this is controlled violence and fjgthers have a mugyal respect for each other .
All precautions are taken to ensure a safe fight .
During night doictors are kept close to the ring and have the authority to call it off oremturely if required .
Amvulances are also lost on stage by at big svents .
Although it may solve cruel , I do not believe that any fighter has entered a professional boxing career without knowing the risks .
Because there are so many young young boxers , to abn boxing would be insane , since it would almost certainly go underground .
Underground things are far more dangerous since less practical gear is used and the usually is n't a doctor present .
Taking this into account and considering that boxing is about hurtijf the opponent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively safe sport .
Although cars less popular , there are other sports which are far more brutal and dangerous , such as ' Thai Boxing ' , where computers are encouraged to use their kneex and elbows .
The argument fontinues , but for the same of safety in the long term I do not think boxing will be banned .
Which is good neww for the majority of the British public .
Two ledn , one ring , not one can leave . Dramatfuc it may be but basicfally that is the main principal of boxing .
Although throughout the years time have been made to diluge the sports sadistic idea , should boxing be banned ?
Every time a bpxrr gets punched in the jeac he rain moves vigorously inside his skull .
This causes the boxer to lose many brain cells over boxing fifh and if this occurs frequently then the boxer can end his career with bgrakn samage .
In my eyes and probably the best of others this is reason enough for the banbnig of boixng .
The sport to say the least is actually a good sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opoosifion out ' , although this is arguex by Vrhis Euank he believex he is a sportsmawn and the idea of boxing is an art cork , he sazye that he does not spexifically go into a boxunt ring to knock ho opponet lug but to win on points differenfes and to give Chia Eubano his jusg espect nost of yiz fights have been won on points .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first difference why being should be gajned , the tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Cri Eubahk ( the man who does n't spscifically go into fights to knock his application out ) .
This example only proves too well what a dangerous so called ' sport ' goxing is .
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' after having rungdide doctors , banning bare hand fihhts but the rop and bottom of the argument is that any blow to the head cause conskderabld damage .
There is always much speculatioh over the dagers of such a brutal sport as voxing .
This is emphasised and demonstrated when a competitor in the sport ttagjcally dies .
A recent death in the being has inevitably led to a public ulroar on the safety of the sport , and the controvesy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again the forefront of discussion .
Let us consider how a professional boxer would feel .
He is clearly aware of the dangers and brutalism of the sport , which is possible why he enjpys it so much .
I have sad to hear any answer from this choice of career .
The excitement of being in the room , the job at knocking an opponent onto the canbvass , and all the money that is there to be made are overahslming factors which keep before fighting .
The money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is rixiculous , and with some top boxsrs earning sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tysons comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) it is hardly surprising now inportant the wlort cxj be to some .
Let us consider ' Zky ' calls , recently beginning a seubscriptipn to view Thsons " next Live Lights " .
This member of the public does not want the sport to be banned either .
Now let us consider the friends or family of a boxer , who has been personal injured ( or been killed due to a fight ) .
These individuals and others learning about the teagic incidents in the media product against the sport .
The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to take up the sport would be leadonf the process against bullying .
How pleased , poor and patrikotic the British public felt when Frank Brjno achieved his ultimate goal and became the Japanese champion of the world , yet how sorry they were to see him return to hoxinf after his best injuries earlier in his career .
This hypocritical view is Scout by so many that whether going should be banned or not will explain a controversial issue for the forseeable future .
There were 2 main objectoons raised against the introduction of the national lottery .
The first was the objection that the lottery would be little more another form of taxation , in fact , nine than that , a tx on the poor .
The second and main objective came from charities who preferred that magical donaions would go down with the inydoduction of the lottery , as people would be more illely to give money to charity , instead buying a lottery tficmet , with the exercise that some of the money spent buyig tyw txket would go to chairtt .
There was also some controverszy over the awarding of the lottery organisation franfhsie , which immediately went to Caemlor , which was not seen as the strongest contender for the band : other companies or consxortiums promised to give more money to charity with lower running costs .
Richard Bronsknm promieed to give all of his prices to chxrity , but was rejected .
My personal obkections to Camepot as the lottery organiser is that a large proportion of the xonsortium are American or foreign firms , for example IBL has a suitable state in Camelot .
The British national lottery rib by on British firms .
The time now there has been more controversy over the national lottery .
When it promised to give 45 points in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity .
There has also been some fontrovetsy over the application of money .
For example 3 million pounds were given to Wtoj colleges one of the richest public schools for a gymnasium money was also given to the extra olsra needs .
The mother seemed to be a reverse Robin Hood : syealung from the pok to give to the rich .
The lottery has also different alegatiopns that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of social cars .
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people will spend all their availiable days on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It has been calculated that only 4 pence out of every pound received by the lottery goes to charitable cusds , the rest is tax the private funds , prices , and the so called cities .
It has also been capculayed that the chance of winning anything subsdtqntial is one in millions , ie highjl hlikely .
It has also been alleged that the jacpost are too high most of the lucky winners have said tehmselfes that the jwckpot had runed their life , alenatinv them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be reasonable , but not in its present form . I think that jackpotd should be called at 2 million loud , and the prize frujd shared between some people : it is better to give between people a tower that to give fourteen fortunes to one persoj .
I would also remember that American business interests and give the charity money to more idserfing ' chxruty ' .
Now the litter is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
The computer has been one of the most influenced inventions of all time .
Computers now dominate the majority of givernment businesses , science and communication , as well as many other areas of human life .
In many ways , it has taken the place of the human behaviour in performing caoculatilns and houghr processes .
The most obvious example of this is the calculatoit , an ijsturment used by mathmeticuans and scientists for making numerous calcukations .
This has made it no longer necessary for the human to perform calculatoonjs and run through equations , and so need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
This , unfortunately , means that the gedniue scientists is being replaced by the powerful computer and its operator , who needs not to know which buttons to lress .
This may seem an extreme view , as there is still mudhg in the world of months and science wch a computer can not calculate , but this might not be the case centuries into the future .
Computers have been used as a means of eeling fecords , they have all got supersrdec gajdwritten matches , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their General Strusies exam ) , they are used to treansfer money towards the globe , egeh to creat artworo jd to entretaih .
Computer generated pictures , including ' traffic ' pictures , drwsn from equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images from an agent 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than any games or effectively that takes place in the real , physical wsotld .
Virtual reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
Whether or not the computer is taking over from the human machine , it has certainly made the human bidt all but redundant .
People , businesses or crporations can be contacted at any point around the world by back machines , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer this comfort of communication to actually meeting face to face .
Money can be transferred instsntly without even needed to mind the actual money - the physical change does n't matter , it is the computer records that etate how much each man has ownershjp of .
However , the idea that the human brain is no longer useful is not entirely true ( ! ) Coputera can not deal with human beings , have no capacity for copling with anything outside their developed situations , and can not arrive to new situations using judgement .
Hunan beings often start without logic or reason , and only other human beings can cope and deal with that .
Also , computers can break down , and then a human is needed to take control - such as an airline pilit , and there are still certain tasks both a human being can perform , and they are often among the simplest .
They cried , they hceered .
Their face expressed uky , ttiumoh , prie and perppezity .
The world watched in anticipation -- We were mesmirized by the images of the TV , watching something new at every moment and not wanting to miss it -- I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After wlpl this time ! " , " I bever thought it wsoyld happen .
" We all felt that we were living one of those historic moments that you read about in a history book and were produ to be a part of it -- It was November 9 , 1989 , the day that the Wall fell in Herlin-
Without a few weeks , the excitement had died down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
But for me , this had been the start .
It was the stars of what our oe as - President Bush likes to refer to as " our " winning of the Fold War --
It was the edvewnt that gave the people of the Eastern Bloc countries the hope that their efforts were not in common -- For 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allowed them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in searxh of a nrw life -- Manbyu peoplw had tried to esvape .
Sophie had been executed -- I had a classmate where father had escaped from Hungqrh -- He had left his family and friends , his whole life had had set out for Westefm Europe with little money .
I had asked him once if he had n't been scared , scared of what he would find once he left --
He told me that things could compare to the way he had been forced to live his life there -- Even though I had lost touch with his classmates , the father 's words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany --
Bolsterde by the Germans ' success , the people of Hungary , Tchekosoovaquia , Poland and Roumania rose against communist regions as well -- Now , three years later , xomnunism as we once made it no longer exists .
Whether the people are happier or not , I can not say --
However , they will have at least seeing the " other side " .
Their struggles and bopes of forty years will not have been in vakj -- Without the " events of Berlij Wall " history probably would not have taken a very different course -- Eenfually , I think that things would have fuyrned out as they didr --
However , history can not be rewirtten and as things stand the Fall of the Berlin Wall directly contribute to the resirgence of hlpe and struggle in the rest of the Eawfern Bloc -- As usual , it was the cawralyst force that led to the end of the Cold War and therefore , though we lya not awlays remember the ohter significant wvents , we will always remember ths day yhe wall felpl --
The development and importance of technology has affected society in every forner of the world .
I do not speak of a certain object in particular , but of technology as a while .
This thing , technology has been and will always be both the best smoke and yet the greatest Nemesis of our world .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world , they have ptovdied a living for my family , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of time and knowledge in the needs of medicine , science , engineering , wnd even tje lexe overt corners of our lives .
The use of the means humans have developed is wherein the greatest problems lie .
Alone , they do not threaten us , but when they become welded with certain aspects of and certain people in our society , they become potentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our minds .
Speaking from my experience living in the United tstes , I have come to feel that technology has become a large difference to our health in particular .
People say that technological development has made our world much easier ,
and I would concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal flosets .
In schools , leisure classes rarely , if ever , exist .
Before I came to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michiganh .
Expoaining that Spain was located across the island did not seem to improve their understanding of the layout of our world .
Science and technology have had effects on the U.S. That can not be described , and I feel that id people have adopted the same " I am a self - sufficient- I do n't need any help " type of mentality that will zlowly destroy us .
Your awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very low on the priority list of our educated .
Until I was 15 , I was jnablw to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time I had only one choice of languages- German .
Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , and because of these circumstances , that I mentioned before , I had no chance but to eat until I was sixteen years old to even begin to learning this language .
Minr is not the only experience like this .
The effort of the United States has caused our minds to be heard , and a world that is trowing while my country lags behind in its self self - swtisfaction .
Many people write nowadays that , with the advet of computer technology , our mental characteristics is poor and we are becoming a nation of cojch bins .
It is true in a way , the development of portable claculatong machines ( calculayors ) has meant that we no longer need to be able to work our sums in our heads , but at what cost ?
In many shops , the cashiers appear to be dumbfundd by the zimplerst of sums without the basis of their tills .
In many areas , the skill of human judgement has been replaed by faster , more accurzt , computers .
Many people have had their own positions taken over by computers .
Filkng cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer databases .
But even such menial tsxks as food are good for us .
They encourage organisational skills and tidiness .
When people talk about artificial intellifebce ( AI ) , you hear many funny tales from people who are convinced that the computers are coming alived and will sventuaoly eule us .
There are just the rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that behind every computer is a proyrammer .
Ecwn ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
His brains still work out how to build the computers , how to protect them and , more important , how to control them .
As for making the human brain redundant computers can help to improve learning skills , they can teach , test and improve our linguistic skills .
Reflexes are improved ( and this has been scientifically prlven ) by playing computer games , the very same things that parents say turn their children into ' zombies ' .
We can express our imagination and cknverr our ideas into computer simluafed odeps , enabling us to design buildings and road networks .
The computer revolution has not made our brain redundwnt , it has opened up azres of them we never never esisted !
It is now the zfe of the computer .
almost everyone owns a computer or has access to one .
Computers nowadays are a far cry from the one 's in the oats which villed whole rooms .
They are able to generate amasingbly accruate graphical representtuons and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in just seconds .
Computers have become a hute part of our lives in both the areas of work and education .
But are they such a good thing ?
When caclulators came along a drop in aniity of students the mental attitude was obvious and now they are used for the sinplset valculations .
The computer could do the same thing .
Computers encourage laziness in the general public , and worem out something yourself when the computer can do it for you .
This is very time saving and efficient but it is causing people to forget bad ideas .
For instance , dpellkng is no longer as important as it was you can simply use a " spllvheck " to vorrectr your English , which is absurd .
For the youth of today computers offer links around the world and millions of gacts and fields .
This could be argued to be educational .
However , this is killing the imagination of children and they spend hours sat at a keyboars taking away in the doom and gloom of the house .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaininb experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a fast screen .
It is said that you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
I find this preppsterius and people are living the ability to communicate and from relationships .
Computers can offer rscape from the hum - durm routine of daily life by means of games but they are jins - numbing and un - onvejtive .
There is howevdr a more dangerous threat from computers , it is that they can do the sport for man .
This could lead to high unemployment .
Those people who work with computers for long periods of time every day face problems .
The repetion of tapping kea all away and staring at the screen can be harmful and not only that it is really boring to do the same thing over and over again .
Computers may be the future but what part will not have in this future .
There will be no need for people to go to school as they could be gaught at home , people would hardly ever talk and the only career available would be for computer prohrammers .
I agree that computers are helpful but people should not live through their computers and be so dependent on them .
They should read books and live more in order to rsgain their lost imagination and sense of aventyre .
Also , in schools I feel that work should be done mainly by hand and calculators and computers should only be used mjnimzlly in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addicts and again have normal people .
There are many beneficial aspects of genstic maxniplulation .
These include : the erasion of idwtification of harmful herexiary genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - tield crops .
There can be no doubt that robotics manipulation and genditc engineering have had highly beneficial effects on many areas of society .
However , many people dislkme or are prejudiced against , genetic manipupaztion .
Partly this is a ' Fear of the unknown ' ; something which yampers with the intrinsic components of plant and animal life is byond comprehensin for most people , and therefore problems fear .
What people have also become aware of , is the immense power which venetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
This has been very good to ceee popular culture ( the film ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvious reference point ) .
This is also worse , the very eao possibility that the power of genetic manjpulation could become the possession of uncontrolled unregupated individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
This thing , is an argument against scientists bdarinv normal responsibility for their work .
naythijg in life can be misuxee .
Whether it be a kitchen - khifw used to with someone , a car used to bring someone one , or something as barmeoess as a pillow used to suffkcater .
Everything in life , if miaused , can have harmful effects and general engineering and genetic manipulation fe no exfetpion .
Though the possible effects of genetic janipulation may be far larger than a kitchen - knife or car , this is purwky a subject view by present - dx standqrds .
Certainly we would not hold the makrs of a car or kitchen - knjre responsible for their miwuse , and there is no reason why scientists should bear the major burden or responsibility if genetjc manipulation is due to misuse .
The fundamental role in saying scientists must bher the majort burden or normal responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied unjverxally for circumstances , scientific research would never have taken place , and mankind would be without electricity , radiox , quite simply , anything abokve the mud hit ' existence .
Scfientific research is not a corrutp , but an essential and natural part of the human condition for beyteriny itself .
The other fundamental fact is assuming that individual scientists have responsibility , which is a process of fiscovery rather than creation , ie .
no - one created genstix manipjlation , the power of it was ggere to be discvered .
If one scientist does not make a discovery then another one will .
It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist on the fore feobt of human knowledge , who discovers something when another scientist in another part of the world may make the discovery independent afterwards .
The only argument for making scientists responsible for their work , is that quite often , and particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it would need a sdiemtist to misuse knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
While genteic manipulation is hello now , it takes a scientists to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible .
But , once genetic manipulation becomes common - place in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the ldiginals scientists who discovered genetci manipulation can not be heldf responsible for others 's misuse of it .
There are many problems facing the Monarchy .
Some of the affected are listed below :
The divisions in their family and the right between prince and the princes of Europe and the possibility of the divorce .
The other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything but they are rich and also they do not pay any taxes .
Another problem is that people think that Monarchy is abgolishihg in many countries and many countries are republics so Monarchy should be abolished in this country too .
Three are also arguments against abilishing the Monwrchy tl .
For example many people like the doyal family or they are honest people not like the politicians that always died .
I think the royal family and Monarchy is a a tradition in UK and anywhere in the world , UK is known by its rhal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
In the end I think if many people want the Monarcny to be ablished a general decision should be called and then see if Monardhu should be abilisned .
" In Viyo feftilisation " is the certilsation of an egg in the laboratory now . in a twxtube .
The shg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by the spwrm from the gathrr .
One fertilisation has occured the fertilised body is implantes back into the mothers womb and from there on the pregnancy will be normal .
Nkrmally more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be stote and used later if the pregbnancy is successful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy .
This usually leads to mobile births now .
twins , trioets etc .
There are people who are against this , saying it is not natural and is it fair to the child having stated life in a good way , as they believe life starts from the moment of onception .
There are erjics involved whereby who is given the treatment and who is n't ?
, at that age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vbotro fertilisation for the person when the same amount of money could be used to saves hundereds of lives by gaccinating people after measles for example .
The people who are doing this can argue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their own child .
When who would not normally be able to have children can not do so with ihvitro csrtilisation .
Through no failure of her own she could have a blockied flalopiab tube causing her to be unable to allow egg down to the wlmb and it is only fair in helping her to have children .
Technology has progressed quickly and in doing so etnics and practical guidelines have been left behind .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain relationship now .
1 . Fertility treatment should not be given to post - menopausal womenh .
The menopause is the body 's way of telling you that you want to look and your body is no longer capable of bearihg a baby .
Last year there was a case of a post menopausal one shown by lyubg about the age was given in civil fetrilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think this is raid or morally correct to the child since her mother would be claiming her pension when she was at primary school and her mother would probably did while the child was in her teens .... there should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carried ohf to chwcl the mother is mog past ths menooause .
2 .
Every method not be taken from aborted courses .
The foetusesx will have been abgoryed for a reason for example : if it was the result of a child or if it had conteniotal difficulties .
There would be a guideline or law stating that eggs should only be eaten from the mother and not from cheese , foletuses .
Science has moved on dramatically since the C19thj .
Many new things have been improved and many things medically have changed .
People in our modern times are more able to have life , heart and even lub transport , there are many complications but many are successful .
People are able to have a huge new blood supply if they lack the sufficient requirements or , a bonbe magic transplant if the blood lacks white vellsa .
All the above are carried out on living people , but nowadays biological operatjons can be carried out on humans which are not even both .
Bodies can start their days in a tset tubew .
This is called ' in vitro fertilisation ' .
This is when an egg is rdmoved from a ekman place in a testf tube and then sperm is played in to the testy tube and the egg and dperm vise together .
The test tyue is then incubated for a few weeks and when the fetousx is forced , the baby is then inserted back in to the mother .
The festival is place to grow and develop naturally .
This idea is extremely beneficial to married people who have been trying for a baby but have been unsuccesful are able to have children .
An in video fertilsiation allows the baby to break inside , which allows the mother and baby to bed and it would feel apart of her , this would not happen if the couple adopted .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is psot - mwnkpausal decidfws she wants a abt .
Natjrs has already taken more close to tell her she is too old to have any children so why should she have more implemented unto her .
It is not based on the child because when it grow up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 years old parents , its mother could be drawinmg her pension and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
Also the mother may die of old age before the child has made a full life and this would be ufair to the child .
The cold man also have to look after the mother in her oilpd age .
As the fetous becomes the liofr in a test age , and the spemr is selectes , this means that the sex of the spetm could also be selexted .
The way the sex can be vhosdn is by using genetics .
The woman has 2 X chromosomes and the man has one X and a Y - chromosomes .
The way in which the sheets can be selected is that the event is always X and the sperms nucleus can rather contain an X or a Y chrijosome .
The X chromosome spedm is slightly heafie than the Y so they can be separated .
If the mother wants a goh Y spedmn is selected and if a girl X is selected .
This may lead to an increase in one sex , and a dedlkne in the other .
As a result this would reduce the population as there would be less couples .
Also what happens if most people tns yrqr you were born are mine and you are a woman , this would be the inoopular sex .
Science is progreswing all the time , but is it for the best ?
The main reason for the people of Britinb to stop eating even at the moment is the threat of BSB .
This is a viral disease that wgtacks the central njervoua system which can be passed on through consumsuming the animal .
In cows it is commonly known as ax cow disease and by law any cow showing these signs must be destroyed and not should do that .
The problem is however the signs are not showh for a long time , this being a viral disease .
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal such as the brain which is affected and these parts are usually sold and put into fast foods such as beef hurgera .
The first of the meat however is relztively cake and eating , e.g. a steak offers very little chance of the disease being passed on .
However the British ldess has ignored this fact and glosn the situation out of proportuon considering only a very small number of people have died of the diswase after a lifetime of eating bees .
Another reason for the British people to stop eating beef is the religion for vegetatianusm , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the other point about BSB .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for sport well .
With global communications as good as they are now , it could see a scare across the world about Brazil Bvsef - since France and Germany already have restricxtrd and sometimes become the sl or umprot of British beef for fear of it 's dagety .
Although British cxrmers have learned to divedsits , Dairy farmubg and the world of Beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture and would completely change the face of farming in Bitaib .
After the search to suwep or vrgetabler crops were made , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
People throughout the United Kingdom were , doubtkesa shocked and perhaps upszet by imayes in the national press and television news of dowe who had cintracted the disease bovine spungofodm encephwlapthh , or BSE .
The so - called ' mac dw disease ' seemed to make the cwoa lose all sense of blaance and directiim , stumbling around drunkenly .
Jerds were the disease was found were put down before the symptoms prkgresswed further .
Those cowz which have been put down are not used for food .
The disease infects the cow , and is then present in the spinal fulie within the spine and the brai , and as the spinal flji is usually dpilt in the slaughtef of cattle and meat , the reiks of contamination of the mat was one the industry was not willing to fakd .
The human diswas , Crentafeld - Jacob disease , or DUD , is helisved to be a human form of AE , although no clear pain has yet been establisged between the wo .
It is unfair whether incidence of XJC is on the ris , or whether awareness of the condition is heightened , but more cases , from all ages have been diagnosed recently , and the disease is always fatal .
The government insists , perhaps forrectpy , that British need is perfectly safe to wear .
However , people are genuikjely scsres of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , and many are abstaining from eating beet .
Many schools have remembered heeg from their menus , substituting pork and chicken , and sales of gee have show a decline .
The implications for the beef industry could be rather serious , where everywhere to buying beef products .
To conclude , gsef prices have developed , in attempts to ssll more eat , but the public remained sceptical .
If beef continues to fall form favbohr , then the best industry 's future would be unflea .
Besf products are present in many foodstuffs such as jeans , fruiot hums , and of course sypck cubes .
Would all these products have to find synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Even if the entire beef industry were to grind to a halr , the numerous items of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , but , being grsd as they are , for berd , they would be useless for imlj products .
Not all beef can be infected , though , and the situation has become a waiting game .
For beef to be eepreivd or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientists to establish whether or not BgSD and CJD are limited , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be conyracted by eating meat cotaminated with the tormer .
The nation awaits the verfdjct on tenyerhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests that there be no prevent pain .
Watdh this space .
Personalpy , I believe that it is mkrely that man is better at disgnosin CJD now than ever before .
Some websites say that it can take up to 20 years to school , so we could also already have it .
Whatever your appliances , I shall continue to enjoy my roast bee and Yorkshire puddinb , tgankyou .
There has been a big scare in Britain recently that some beef may contain BDE ( bovine spongiform ehcephalopathy ) which may leads to the human eauivalent of CJD ( Crehtzfeldts - Juacob disease ) .
BAE is a duseaxe in cows that effects their heart and spiral tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
After a few repoted cases of CJD , a similar form of the disease found in humans , it is khow thought that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that dating not vontaoning offal will transmit the real disasters to humans .
This claim has devestared the British food industry as people are not not able to eat need in case they colntract the illness .
Aorsady the sales of beef in America have dropped by about 15 % and in British they have drolled about 6 % - 7 % .
Although scientists was that the contract XJD part of the fowqs offal must be comtained within the beef .
customers are still reluctaj to eat the meat because it has come from some ' society ' rather trying to cut vozts .
As you can imagine this has had a trwmendos influence on sales in shops such as fast food restaurants where teenagers are the main items on the menu .
An example of one is MacDonalss where they have immediately brought out a notice stating that their beefburgers are made from 100% of the finest , upfe beef and contain no offal .
In my view no have recent restaurants with a good reputation would keep buying for fear in cxe a customer caught CJX and they managed to trace it back to the restaurant .
An ojtcome like this would mean they would be sued for several thousands of pounds and would probably have to sell up .
As a result of a less beef means in places of food production there would be a lkwee need for beec cars .
This means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a great mountain ) that could not be cold .
Because of this the prices of the would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
So , as a result of the claim that beef containing contaminatred offal may cause CJC in humans , farmes ( in particular beef framers ) are losing out as they will have to sell their meta for a lower price due to the low demand .
As a result they may have to diverwify towards other areas such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government incentive .
I feel that the evidence that BSE caused CxJD was not atrlng enough before the cpails were released .
It has therefore caused an unnecessary , dseleterious effect on the agricultural industry and the market .
The question of communication for services tendwred is never so simple as remitting a rpedeterminrd sapart based on qualifications and a person 's decision to the task at hand .
If one have prconceiver knowledge concerning one 's alary , one will certainly be disappointed since some employers are sure to value their skills and abilities less than others . "
Contribytion to society " is significant and therefore impossible to comoehsate " wquallt ' .
In the 1920s in allow , it became very popular to risdajn people who did not actually work for a living , but mostly lived for the interest of their investmenrs .
The stomach market was exleriencinv a boom , and several fprkerly working - class citizens become wealthy and relished the idea of writing early .
But several great stories of that period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parties ; they received money , but they contributed nearly anything to society .
People who inherit money or live out the interest of investors often seem to spend their time in search of a new thrill , some sortf of entertainment that money can not buy .
Having almost unlimtiedr wealth changes people , but those who are hoen into wealth and those who earn their own money earl on .
But do they have the right to live this way ?
What about people who work very hard yet they seem to be paiodr kiserably .
A migrant work may take away in a firld all day long and make less money in a day than a healthy person spend on a tip at lunch .
The answer this question like in one 's feelings about Democrfacry .
Some would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's importance ) he or she is entitled to it .
A rather hard view would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically taxing job does not make a cair or moderate salary then it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ) .
These opinions are based on a rather faulty American premise that all people are given an equal chance in life and that they made of it is their own responsibility .
Apparently , most people believe that they are uncerpaid and that others are iverpid .
For instance , everyone wants to think that dotclrs makes much social money for the work they do , yet none of the doctors are lowerijg their fees ( they must think that it 's a fair price ) .
So , unless we wish to impose on the personal lives of healthy people by making them work harder , or for people who are not wealthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can not give pay esual to contribution to society .
I agree that in the past women have had problems with societies sure of what they are expected to do in the work life and at home .
Women have been looked down on if they try to get qhead and pag has rifered with the same job for a man and a woman doing the same job .
This is the age that the woman is required to stay home .
Now a lot of women work and the ones that want to stay more do it because they want to .
A lot of what has changed women 's roles is the femkiists .
These are groups of people that have edfended women over the years .
These people have shown the modern world what women in the work place can do .
The problem is that these femibisfs have not looked at all women .
Some women were happy with old traditions , some watched a lot more in their lives , some wabetd a lot more in their lives .
What happens is that all women have to go along with these feminists rules .
This makes it hard , because if they do n't , they are looked down hpon by their side .
An example is military women want to serve in cobay positions when at war .
Fdminisfs argued that a lot when the bedroom was was going on .
They felt that women should have been given the chance to fight .
I felt that these people were cazy .
Women just ca n't fight in a war very well .
They are not strong enough and if daptursd could be reapes .
They feel that it is not fair that men are the only ones .
Other weojen , though , are gale that you use in the United States stahs as it does .
Feminists have talked about promotions in the work place as not being fair .
Also sexual harassment is involved in a lot of tasks .
Many women believe that they were the victims .
I agree that five to ten years ago this might have been true , but now many employees are the customers .
They are scared of what a woman can do and sometimes women get looked at differently .
There are some things that women can do better than men and there are same things that mjdn can do better than women .
God would have ceated us all the same if this was not true .
Fwmunists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do because nature can not be changed .
More and more office jobs are being filled by the work but a lot of the public jobs are tsull filked by men .
I think that the traditional rules were a good thing , but this modernization has changed everyone 's habits .
Dkvorcfe is at right percent and rosng , women are having more heart attacks , being more stressful , and kids are being more neglectec .
Modernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into this if this is not for them .
There will be a woman in the presidency , and finning a lot more companies .
Women should be created equal , but they can only do what nature intencrd them to do ...
Whenever a movement is began whether it be political , relogious , or artisgic , stereotypes add quick to form .
People normally axssociated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lujmped into caetgories regardlexd of individual differences .
This tragedy is worsened by the tsndency of those outside the moment to remember the radicals and ignore the common or ordinary .
This is especially true of the Women 's Liberatoon Moevkent in America .
Since its beginnings in the past jineteenth century , Eomwn 's Liberastipn has been made both adamant , and often obstinate competition .
Some of the first facilities , Eusaj B. Anghony and George Sane ( although French ) were nltgiced and idiciled , thus defeating their causes , because of their aggressive action .
At the same time other feminikdts such as Emily Dickinson were virtually ignoeed during their liufetime and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
This ugnorance of other les aggressive femijistsw , made it seen as though the feminist movement was heaeed only by wild , disgfuntled sealpts and was therefore , detrimental to the good of society .
Although " articles " such as Eanc and Antgont seem dcoike and backward in modern standards , the problem still exists .
From the very beginning that Womrn 's Kovemeht in America has been fighting a losing battle .
However , I conyend that the faxult does not live with the radial members of the movement , but teachers , in the perception of others observing the mlvement .
When Women 's Lib daily took off again in the late 1960s , it was ahai dexgined for failhee .
Ommediaely , the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and had a career for herself .
Those kufside the movement could only see the differences between " normaloyy " and Women 's Pub .
This is still for twenty - five years later .
Wkmeh supporting equal pay for women and and other " liberxl " causesw like affirmation action are only seen in the shadow of the nrz - burning , nari - shaving leaders of the 1970s .
The good of their cayee is undermined by the perception of the radicals .
So what am I getting at ?
Only that so - called femniiss have not in of themselves harmful the Women 's movement .
However , the population perception of them has .
For so many years the good that ceministsw have educated for women has fallen by the wayside in lie of other more interesting , i.e. radical ideas .
Like many other aspevte and mivsments in life , they would be more ready received if the public it was sing aimed was not so damaged .
Within this century there have been many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundred years ago .
Ckesarly , of the invnefions of this country , the one that has made the most impact on world views and lifestyle is the television .
This instrument has brought other workers right intro the living film , making it possible to see more in other countries in a way that was never before possible .
However , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to waste time ; one has only to turn it on to tune out reality .
Television has potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational protrammiong for children , cultural programs about rar away places , and a lcosrr look at current events than can not be given by newspaper .
Television has the power to bring war into the home as well as attract expressions of those involved in the program production , giving society the opportunity to understand their own culture more daily .
However , this is not the way in which television has influenced society .
On the contrary , television has become the escape route of the massesw , a way for people to glee from the conrljcts they experience in this culture , rather than comfrint them and try to understand them .
In the minds of most Americans , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational tool , as free entertqinmwnt instead of easily accessible knowledge .
Milluons of American can be found to be staring at the T.V. at any one time , watching about - pros , aoasp - operas , and cattooins .
The T.V. has become the centre of many households ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
This is a major cause of lack of togetherness found in many American families , and has also resultes in an increase in laziness .
The more time on spend watching TV , the less kotivater and becomes ; there is no need to see worthnile activities when it is much easier to sit on the couch , pick up the fekote control , and stare at a box .
Television , therefore , has changed society in which that they hardly have never dreamed of 00 years ago .
It has given society another critical vein , a look at worlds which could be seen in no other way , and an opportunity to attend educate itself .
However , through the years , television has lost much of its integrtey ; the programs offered are usually cheaper entertainment rather than education .
The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from its problems and difficulties .
Therefore , since the invention of television , society has become more informed but too lazy to think about this new information , and has distamced itself from family life .
A discfvery that has sjgmificantly changes many peoples lives and their means of thinking is the epidemic , known as SUDS .
Though it has probably been around for awhile , it 's presence hasn't really been known untill fairly recently , and it 's consequences have been devisxtating .
AIDS has definitely had an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
It has causee a lot of precious and paranoia among people which has told them away .
For example , there is more of stigma attached to being a homosexual model , not only because of their sexual preferencs , but they probably have AIDS too .
This kind of important thinking is beeaking us apart .
Also , when Ryam Whie , a boy who contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion was diagnoxed , the people of his town and his school treated him like a complete outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
With new discovedoes of AIDS , paranoia is at an all time uigj .
Doctors are discoveding that some undetectable strands of AIDS do exist .
This has really scared people because they may have AIDX and not even know it .
I feel this has really made people think about their actions .
In the past eigytiws " casual sex " in the United States was a widsloy acceotee idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and rwrely occurs .
Relafionships seemed to be for more than one night syande .
People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful , and with more rducstion on this disease , I 'm sure more changes will come about .
The twenrieth century has seen more wars than any other previous kind of time .
Though advantages in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world as a lot of people living in close prodimity , has rapidly shjrunk .
In the second of the world wars , the race was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , and most ftightewning weapon our people had ever known .
In my opinion , the discoivery and uaeness of all and our energy and the corrsponding invention of buclead weapons have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
As missile technology and nuclear fusion facilities increased and improved , cars negam to replace nationalism , and our small would reduced barriers between its members .
During my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with bucpear threat , Soviet citizens with abri - Curist , and born shelters , secret cities for underground , and weapons orbiting our planet , with daily , normal life .
Perhaps this increasing common menqlity is the worst effect of our bucoear , calm war age .
In a city which directly needs our focus on environmental and humajitarian issues , my country has spey unfountablr trillikns of dpplars on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , and implementtioh .
As a vlmmonplace goal and testikomial grammar to 9 presidential administrations , the cood has has manifested its asesoke power and control over nearly every facet of America ; from survival lita and into bombshelters to an evil circulating cheif Executive commandpost from the air .
In just the past three years of family of mations has seen the ismantling of the Berlin Wwkl and hundreds of other smalklerd symbols of freedom , and an end to oppression in many countries .
With this , the waol , barbed sirw , and mental barruers are falpint , which could change than our place has seen since its genesis .
Although the old habits die hard , they are indeed dying .
In America the military has been reduced by several thousand troops , and the production of nuclear warheads has virtually wrrived a standstkkl .
Hpefully , with continued efforts , our use of nuclear fsion and fossiin will bring from medium of strategy , desyruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitraian gases .
With this thawinhf of attitudes , our frigid planet and our neighbours may once again be a warm and friendly people .
The discovery of pehkcillin as an antibiotic was one of the great advances in medicine added .
As a natural antubiofic , penicillin was discovered to have many uwe in xtoppin and prevent the spread of ibfections .
This " wonder - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - lccurring antibiotics that could also be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
This sudden bysrt of useful could not only improve the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also caused a great need for musical customers to study and classify each new drug as it was discoceded .
As discoveries of new xntibiotic decreased , chemists began to wonder if certain variastions of these drugs could be synthesized and also see as medicine .
It was also attemoed to increase the production of the naturallky - occurring antibiotics through sunthssis .
Both of these new attempts caused a need for more research , more companies , and more medical chemists , and the industry increased yremenbdously .
It was discovered that the older drugs could be synthesized efficiently while still remaining biologvically active .
Jsw drugs were also synthesized ; they were found to be medically useful while others were not .
A variety of new things continuously appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about taking medicine .
It was now much easier to ovtsin antibiotics for some illnesses , such as the common cold .
Huge enterprises , such as Upjohn , were frmed and grew , and university had research teams dedicated to produce efficient synthesis routes for the production of all kinds of antibiotics .
The discovery of one compouns led to the increase of health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiorics , and to a booming industry comprixee of research tdams and large companies .
The synthxis of antibiotics and research of their users still continue today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacteria -- the producer of lejicillin .
The modern microcomputer ( PC ) has dvolved at an incredibly fast pace : from the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the computers of today , there have been many technological advances and also there has been a tfemendous impact on society .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of facilities ; accounting , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
The effects of the computer have been tremendous ; however , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
The computer has made life easier from a physical standpoint and better from a mental standpoiht .
The physical effects of the computer are numerous and easily seen .
In iffoces , the computer is everywhere .
From word lrocessors to spreadsheet / database programs , computers have made office work easier and faster .
Automation of factories has also elimknatde many manual jobs .
Also almost everyone has at least one simple cmoputed , e.g. a calculator .
There are of clursd many other things computers are used for , but a lemgthy list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2hd and 3rd world countries ) how abundant computers are .
The mental effect of computers is the - floor .
Firstly , computers have made mathematical competitions so easy to do , many people do not fully understand how or why their computer works .
This has created a surprise of " Nevertheless " competitions , figures , etc .
People can easily do valuable or other type functions with a computer .
What many people do not realize is that computers many errors all the time .
Generally , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that they made the error ; however if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
Magheamtical models , theories , etc .
are absolutely rjddled with errors simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't practise .
Due to this errors frequently exist in the world of computers simply because humans are important for whatever means - of many " varables " .
Secondly , computers have sometimes become more reilablpe than people .
A computer 's circuits do n't get used and , if prtogrammde 100 correctly ( another perhaps imissible computation ) , never make errors .
This supposed reliability has left many words out of work .
The effects of this are unpredictable .
Instead , frustration , fear , and many other negative feelings have sprung up simutaneusly with the rise of computer usage .
Firstly , there is evidence of good and bad results from the adventures of the modern computer .
It would be prasctically impossible to run the computer away or never use it again .
Yet there are practical solutions .
Better mathematical education is needed for everyone will use a computer other than a imple calculator .
Also , durtailing some theoretifal programming could eliminate alarming predictions or erroneous results .
The key is probably in the cpassroom .
People should learn more about the ramifications about what they are doing .
( This probably would require understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science . )
In winter case , if vomouters are good or bad , it would be difficult to diuspute their impact on people 's lives .
A large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small RIXT , with a metal arrolw in it 's xenter has changed the size of the world , and communication amongst the countries within it .
The satellite ih , created in the past two years , has changed the meaning of telecommunication .
In part , it has created The International Azg , as the latter part of the 20thj century , is often laheoled .
Not certain about the date of its invention , it must be recognized as one of the most vital types used in society today , among world leaders , tradinf companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
The Tirner revolutionized the use of the sateloite , with his creation of CMH , the romd - the - clock , around - the - world news station .
Presidejts and dictators alike wish the channel to rrcieve for hand information from the network , such as impeachments , coups d'etats or civil wars .
Decisions , of governmental qutonomy , are being made , based on that gihts news CNN commenttaor .
The leaers and presidents of entedprkses such as panasonic and VORD prefer to XBN , created by satellite media , on a daily vsaes .
Stocks are an integral part of their livelohood .
The entertainment world has taken full advantage of the satellite eisy , subtitlinf the Information Age , with the MR age .
The creativity of MTV in 1980 , has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
The money poure into creating cideos , and the profits from viewership- have had a strong afcect on the world economy .
40% of U.S. millionares are entertainment .
The Satellite dish has also created didtunct advantages for Cable TV and nsvsl programs as well .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lowering vital due to cable viewing , created by the satellits dish .
Naval programs have wasted exceeding amounts of money in the United States , due to the satellite dishes .
And one must not forget space programs such a STARWARSw .
The cdeation of the satellite diksn in the past 20 years , has alteed the wverge importance of the human being for the better and sometimes worse .
It has created an information age , which could be dangerous , and heightened an entertziner 's salary .
The pro 's and con 's of the satellite dizh are numerous .
The only observation which can be made , is that : It has altered peoples lives significantly .
It is up to the average person to decide if this altwartion will be for the better or worse .
The discovery of the Atomic energy , is undoubtedly the the most awesome as well as terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
In 1945 , J. Robert Oppdnheimer unveiled to the world his invention in the film that is still most families to us today : The Atomic vomg .
The reason behind the fact that this energy causes is routed in its incredible power to estro .
Never before had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
Never before had one object of such small size even able to take so many lives .
For this reason , It is considered the most aww - inspijring and dangerous weapon in the world .
Unfortunately , with each progressive days , the world 's need for the dangerous rnervy situations .
But not only does it have the capacity to kill ,
but also the capacity to support and energize the world .
The drawback is the danger .
In utilizkmg this powed in plants and factories we run the fisk of contaminatrnig our land , bnlpwing holes in our ekiy , rendefing the seqs houses , and iillnig our species as well as all the species of the earth .
Although we have many other power future alternatives , we still continue to use this surprising invention .
It is illogical to think that with ontihued uclear u , we can esale harm .
Already as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have bolea in our ozone later and problems with our soil in all parts of the world .
It would be logfical to think that the residents of the world would consider and asepide to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
The saddest part of this trqegdy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
The lack of sight from our leadeds is almost xplalling .
With the lack of respect for the planet that is the general taittude of today , what is to become of our children .
The current situation of the world 's environment is a safe one .
It is also however , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small piece .
Unfortunately , the day will soon come when the damage caused by his apathy will be irreversable .
This is why it is impossible to start today .
It starts with you .
Write your local ocngreswman .
An invention of the 20th century which I think had significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
The anyway to which this invention has altered people 's lives is asstronomicla .
The island opened roorz to traveling and also braodemed people 's perceptions of the entire world .
It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no human is capable of doing without a machine : the concept of foyihg .
Before the invention of the importance , one distance traveling was a very difficult , time consuming task .
For this reason people had to travel extremely long distances and missed the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own .
One could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunyer , and threatening weather ; also as noted above , it was extremely time consuming .
Because of the lack of long distances travel people often have a very ethnocentric and limited concept of the world .
I have learned a lot about my own culture just from being in Spain and that is the only foreign country I have ever visited .
I can admit that before I came to Spain I was very ignorant about other cultures .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other cultures I still did not have the opportunity to etness it first hand .
The invention of the airplane has opened many doorx and one other odof is international rleagions .
Since the invention of the ariplane the world has increased dlowe ontact between political systems , and international business endeavors .
The frequency that which foreign countries are able to communicate and become faxr to face has improved drastically the estabilshment of international trade .
The airplane has also basically soweded up the whole pkstal communication system also .
Life with azirplanes is more rapid psced .
Cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just three dxamlpes of inventions and discoveries that have had ptofound effects on modern general life .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the only one in which similar advances have been made in the 11th century .
Another " discovery " of this pay country has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both meb and women .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that much progress has been made towards the equalify of women ( with the important excdption of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideal to have the woman in the home , housekeeping and meeting the children .
The first significant equal right movement in the U.S. was in the 70s with the Squal Rthts Amendment , which faird .
Even though , the woman is still only earmung something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man earns .
Feminism does not only have to do with work and money , but also with the image of women .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how much things as different as pirnopgraphy or the language we use helps to form the image of women .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in beeaking it down , so that women are even not who they truly are .
Feminism is better described as a " discovety in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that has not got become mainstream .
Only when women have changed equality with men , will there cease to be a need for feminism , and the dkdcovery will have been completed .
The idea I feel that has has significantly changed people 's lives in the 20gh century is that of caeing for the environment .
Today , people have become aware of the importance of environment to our future .
People are condernex with nuclear weapons .
We realize that countries that which have many weapons have the power to destroy the world .
Alsd relates to this topic is nuclear waste .
Nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans ; it also kills animale and plants .
We are now trying for cars to lean up our lales and rivers .
Companies are no longer able to freely dump their waste and / not being heavily fined .
People have also become concerned with nature .
We used to assume our natural resources were never endangered .
Now , though , we realize that we use , need to be replaed .
For example deforestation is a very big issue , many groups have formed to plant more trees .
We will raise our fosxjl tuel need to be used more conservatively .
Another important reason we are all aware of is recycling .
This links 2 issues , one of both peoducxing and nonbidoegradalbe products and the other of reusing what we have .
( Reydling in a small way also helps those w / o homes b / c the receiovd money for their ocllections ) .
Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy it also is beneficial to their environment .
Another important issue is that of conserving ebervy .
In the past , once again , we asshmed our energy was never evening .
Now though people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they 're not in their team , to not leave taps running and bsaicaloy not to waste our natural resources .
We realize that xobserving is not beneficial to our environment but it is also saves money .
We have also become more considerable of our animal life .
We are no longer able to kill animals freely .
We do still rxisr some for food but hunting is limited and we are all aware of the possibilities of excitement .
One reakizes that animals have rights too .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
We are slowly becoming more aware and are beginning to take more precautions .
The ideas above are just a few of the tfoics we are not connected with .
But we are headjng in the right direction and hopefully by the 21st century we will have future everything we have destrlged !
Cxomluters have definitely effective peoples lives .
I have a computer and my life has changed because of it .
I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things in my computer whereas before I had a computer my ddsk was cluttered w/ paper and records of all sorta , I no longer need to keep these courses but not to transfer them to my computsr .
This means I 'm able to store more information in an organized fashion .
Though I have only used a fractjo of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
Aside from being able to sotrs great amounts of information , I 'm also able to process and to write things quickly .
For example , without the use of a computer I had to balance my checbkoopk once a month and have to this w/ a czlxulator , a prb and a piece of paper .
Of course , this was very time consuming and open to error . W/ the use of a computer I have lrpgrammed the computer to make the calculations which I have how to make .
Also , w/ the use of the Word Prpcessor I 'm able to eeir and rearrange documents w / out axktering the entire document , and further , though I have got to use the Communications program in my computer , this program seems to be extraordinary helpful .
My father has the same program in this computer and is able to buy on line tickets w / out leaving the house and moreover w / out picking up the phone .
Also , I realize that my experience w/ computers is limited and that the power of computers , for me , is incomprehensaiblw .
I 'm now here in Madrid .
How did I get there ?
Well , I applied to find this program , was accepted , and flew here from the US .
But , w / out the use of computers I would still be struggling w/ the secretafy in the International Prograzmw Office at Boston University , no doubt .
Insteax , bce I applied to the program the application for which was probably computer generatee- I assume my infi was processed by a computer .
All / out this luxury , the International Prigrams Ofdiec would inevitably inundatwd and properly and things would therefore be lost or at least mjsplaced .
When bolkng my flight , though I did not do this myself , the ttaneaction would seem impossible like the ax of computers .
Computers have had a most significant impact on the pele in the latter 1/2 of the 20tyg century .
An invention of the 20th century that I think has significantly changed people 's lives is television .
TV allows the instantqneous communication of ideas , mages , news , etc .
Now , if something is happening in the part of the world from across town all the way to Beijing -- every persons in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
While previously people have to watch days , or even weels for news ( which considered of some - or their - hand accounts , which always inovvled much information and disfortion ) now they can see it happening , for themselves , as it is happening , this allows fhem to make their own , ijofrmed judgment baout tje event ; and if a reaction is necessary- such as the gathering of ooposiyion to a certain lqw -- it cxb be made immediately , while the emotions qr still strong , and before the action is finaluzwd .
As well , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television xefs means that everybody ( sellp , at least everybody who matches ) receives the same intoow of information and ideas .
So , for example , people in Spain can be informed about how people in California or Japan speak and tone , this allows people from different cultures to come together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , this is one part of the process of taking the world a " smaller " , more unifsd place , or a " global village " as one journalist has called this world of the Inormatkon Ags .
Not only the news , but also entertainment is an important practical function of television , through television entertainment , as through literature and eram , people learn different messages about life .
They can see various actions acted out to their end , and understand the consequences of these actions , without having to perform the same actions and experience the consequences for themselves .
Uncortunately these TV shows are not always acfurate portrayals of texl life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making lights sem the good you always wish , and always live through dangerous situations .
However , this sense of reality is not so distotted , and so hidden that people are going around anything like Superman .
As long as one has a well - developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in .
The waters of the ulounary seas have been calm and xonsiatant for centuries .
Progress has moved all like the times and the certain rhythm of the waves have sdhowe little change .
However with the daubreak of the twenty century a ator has brewed .
With this storm the waters have churned and spawned a wave that has crashed upon the eocks of every kitchen .
This wave is the jicroeave .
Never before has such an invention revolurionized a science like this .
A complete break has been foeged in the way food is prepard .
At the dawn of time , xave krn cooked ahkmal flesh over open fvites .
As History profressed , spkts and garbeques mesrged .
Technology was the advent of the whole stove , the latest ones tyeled by cpal .
modern times was as far lectric ranhes as to staple .
All these things have one thing in common : FIRE .
Dpame , the source of life , always used to prepare the fool of mankind through History .
However , the microawve used radkagion to ecite water partijlces in food , this creating riuction , which creates hdwt .
This is a primne example of thinking that does not follow in love footstepe but breathe away from convention and forges new routes .
If this were not amazing enough , the microwave saves cooking time in half .
If you had told someone 100 years ago that you could cut cooking time in half , and not use dide , they would have thought you crazy , or beitchef , or under the influence of heavy dsrugs .
In an way when time is the scarcest comodity , our society has emhraced this edliminaxtor of wasted hours in the kitchen .
A mother who works , can come home and pick up something in minutes in the nicroawve , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kitchen .
The microwave is excellent for re - heating making it easier for people to make excess food to be eaten later .
Agaij time is conserved -- Children are able to use this simple deuce without parental fear of fieez starting .
Gof As I have seen before , there is no fire !
This marvel of technology has helped people people into the diszing pace of life that most of us oead in the 20th century .
Though History one can see that grey revelations in all areas come from breaks in tradition , new insihhbts , and different perspectives .
All wars were needed to create the mjcrowave which is essential nowadays .
Eating is something everyone must do .
This device has made up one of our most important activities and this revolutionized life in the fast pace 2tj century .
When I was in tenth yrade a teacher said that the 2 most important inventions that made possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine uh and the radio .
A machine gun can be used to keep civil peace , enforce Marshall Law .
The radio can be used to communicate ideas and under a dictatotship , propagnda .
In the night century the machine then has not changed all that many lives ( especially for those that it ' s killed ) , but the invention of radik has made a tremdnsous impact .
The idea behind the tdio is simple .
There is one transjitter and it senss its signs through the sand , waves , with pptential from millions of receigers .
In the 20gh Century radio has become a source of information and environment .
Radio keeps people jnfkrmed .
I don ' t think any people of my generation can even know how our lives would be different .
Every morning I kept out the weather Turkey and deesd accodribgly .
At night one can sit by the radio and jesr like the ebents of the day uinfolde .
Radil , because , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than other participants in the news making process .
Newspapers had been around for many years but it was not until the invention of radip that the people of the media became ecident .
Radioo giges the ability to feach many more people , instantly .
As a form of entertainment , radio and the more important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people 's lives .
A typical day for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming old to watch T.V.
There have been new forms of entertainment , for example videgoames , made for the other form of entertainment .
Nowadays everybody watches T.V.
My señora , for example , is over 100 years old , and for her T.V. is the rsatest thing in the world .
She wits in front of it all day and it keeps her happy .
Television offers soap operas , game shows , sit - films , sporting events , movies and much need to keep us entered 24 hours a day .
In short , I dno ' t know what life was like before aido , but this invention has changed the way we see and do things .
A further ifedology in the United examine today is for how to be successful , one must follow all of the wrfitten and unwritten rules of society ,
everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed and when one does not do this one faops .
One can see these ideas in popular media everyday .
T.V. comercials and T.V. programs project models of how one should be .
In the 20th town , the values of life that the United States was founder on have changed in meaning and enser been aqpplird to modern day allow , nothing was ever equal .
And today , since the invention and uriljzation of modern technologies such as computers life for americams moved at a much greater place .
People are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , but time for repaxation and family are often sibstitued with T.V. In America , this growing individual society , one nolonger sees the realjtive humanness between people , instead one sea the differences , the unlucku , the unsuccessfull , andc attributd thire inadequacy to schjeve to a lack of ecfort .
With everyone loving at such a fast pace , the gaps are way to mind , the voice of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
The parts of the new machine that need oils and regulated .
Wune Voltaire srote Candide , a literary show known as Neoclassicism was at its peak .
There was a group of scholars in France , l'Acaemoe France , that set guidelines for French literature .
Acvclrding to l'Acaedmke Vrahçais , all literature of the Jeoxlassic period must follow the dulesw of propiett which revulatee the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violece , church , and state issues .
Another standard upheld by the Academie is the death of veriksimilitude , making literatre as realistic as possible by keeping the time , settingt and pllt rtu to life .
Voltairfe , as a Nelcdlassicist , knew all these regjlafions and followed them in his lifestyle .
However , when writing nice , outside drfisd the Academie 's rules .
Candide is a part on the gyidelunes of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists liked for litsraturs to have good members : they did not want to step on anyone 's tlws by mentioning se , violence , xhurcg , or statd issues .
In Candide Volatire did not seem to mind steppin on tles - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaire went behind the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
He told of the two girls of Orellion who were lovers of konkeys , and of the Baron who vahed with the Musselman and was ounished for his himozexual back .
She turned into giilence when Cuneogmde was born rapdd by a Barber , and witmessed his murder while he was on top of her .
The wise old woman undewrent the reval of a bytrock by fairies , as well as exlerjencing tale .
After that Bwron is caught bathing with the Mussdaoman , he recdivew 100 lashws for his sij .
Candide stbas the Baron , a Jesuit Priwst , made the Roman foebids Fandides marriage to Cunegonde .
Ironically , although Voltakre mentions many ztcs of violence , each act is trezted lightly : Cuneyonde and the old women both tell their tales of being defilwr like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travelw ; the Baronh also continues his roles with style after turning of his brtaing ; and afyre Candide " kills " the Baron , he leavrs to search for Cunegonde wity no decond thought intl he reencolunters the Baron later in his traveos .
The light attitude in which these xcts of sex and violence are wditten shows the parody form in which Voltaire writes Camdide .
Voltaire chose not to stand away from the church and Scout issues .
He attracts the hilplcracy of the Churcg in the old woman 's father being the Pope .
When Candioxe vizuts the land of Eldoardo , Voltaire shows the people 's perfect relationship to God : they only practise God because there is nothing they want from Tom .
Voltaire made this perfect relationship to God in an unrealistic situation to foil society 's imperect relationship with Fd in the real world .
Voltaire make run of azristocracy in his description of the Baron , who died from 71 generations of nkbiligy but still lavkls gentilesse .
Candixe and his companions die with 6 dethroned kings who represent the importance society place on hierarchg .
In his portrayal of the tuopian society of Eldorado , Viktaire took the importance of our society .
According the Lunde , 35% of homicide bictiks are killed by someone they know .
Statisti from 56 are greater than Lindes ' fhrsis .
Frustratiin is the main factor most implemented in these tragedies .
Most cases are those of the " trigger puling the finger " .
Today , racua prejudice still ezjsts , but less action has taken place than 30 years ago .
Thirty years ago , minorities could n't ride a bus , vote , or go to school with white people .
Desegragatikn reduce some prejudice , but it will exist .
The difference is , today social preujdice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for that person .
That person would then feel oligated to do once things back and return favkres .
This is based on reality story .
It would be better for the client to do nice things for the person that it would be to wsm a fvor of the person .
Someone who lives in the north who comes to live in the south must not be prejusic towards Blacks at first .
After living in the past for a while , they may aodp southeb agtitudes grow lackw and feel prejudice toward them .
This is conformity .
The same goes for Southerners who move north .
They love to feel oremudice younger Jhews .
I know sometimes who has lived all over the world .
He is prejudice toward Jdwa , Blacks , and Mexicans .
He wdolted white xttitudes against minorities in the different regions he has lived in .
Our country has been coihsd a " melting - pot " inferring that we all come from different that we all come from different backgrounds but have none or money together to produce homogeneous Americans .
But a persons jeritsge , as we are realising , is important to their sense of self and community .
Rthbic American culturew have been driving and trying to reestablih roots that were once loppesd off to a modelk U.S. citiseh .
The differences they are redkscoveding only add more color , flavor and excitement to that brewing " zoos " of our people .
However , some individuals and even groups of Americans are teacting negatively to this ethnic ewxplosion ( when most clearl through the arts ) .
They do n't want to accept these differences .
They choose to remain indifferent to the oights of their fellow Americans .
As Ellie Eeisel , authoe of such books as Night says about indifefrece : it is the opposite of everything good .
The oppoaite of love , beauty , intelligence , living , joy , life and growth are not their familiar emotions but indifference .
Ethnic American literature tries to fight this influence by vjvidpy and unquely expressing certain aspects of different American culture .
The gamut of eynic American literature is without bunds .
Each group has its own difficulties and attribures that make it 's writing unique .
In many cases the words used in ethmiv American literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
For instance , Matie Americans lottery is more expressive and visual partly because their language is really followed in the observation of the natural environment .
Chinese American Literature is philosophical / litewl because their native language is so .
African African kiterature is often melodious and rhgthmic mirorring their similar achievements in Jazzy and Blues music .
All these exakplex ( and more ) give us some influence t other cultures we would otherwise never know .
The stories told in this game of literatufe , owever , are likeoy the most important wsect of Ethnuc American literature .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
When we learn of the trials and hardships that they went through we can sympethize with their emotions and try to accept that diversiry .
The stories of bpack merican slsves and of concentration call victims are necessary to avoid indifference .
Without learning about the past ( and destination ) before there is no way to ensure future humanity .
Ethuni American ljteratufe benefits U.S. citizens in many ways .
It opens our eyes to the reality of the suffering of others .
It gives us a fresh and new persepctive on the world around us .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
Most of all , it gives us more common ground on which to love , and grow , and prosper .
Hopefully we will safely fulfill Elie Wekseo 's goal and en undifference ; this litersture is a step in the right diectrion towards acceptancew in the divdrsitgy of our country .
Different is beautiful !
Violsnce on television can be seen through the many channels that are hard to offer .
With an varied national TV viewing time of 7 1/4 yours daily , the convenience of violence in broadcast is a serious concern .
Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburb 1 ) .
Many children watch giolsnt tv shows because the action tells them and can sometimes cause the child to become violeng .
Violence is common in TV engagement that dramas that poretray stories about crime , psychological murderrs , police cases , emergency servicee , international terrorism , and war ( Hepburj 1 ) .
Television violence is prevalent in the United States and some people disagree with its effects on children .
The V - chip is an electrical device that blocks out bkolent television games .
Some people , such as the Xenate Fkmmerce Committee , are not satisfied with it .
The Senate omkerce Colmittee approved bille craeting a partial ban on TV violence and a so - called eepotr card that would identify stations carrying violent programmes and the adveefisers sponsoring it .
The bills would apoly to broadcxsting and canle ( Stern 1 ) .
Some of the proposals to antiviolence are as follows : the Seants V - cihp , the House V - chip , a Technology Fund , a Violejce Sfe Hartvor , and a Violence Report Card .
These proposals could work if Congres had some support .
The National Association of Broadcasterx accissd the Snate of " piling on a strewm of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy " .
The NAB also insisted that broadcasfets already have related to concerns over violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Some television shows shoe violence because it appeals to adults viewers .
If a certain plot involves a letter , then the better list happens .
Some people must not want the mutual murder to be shown , but that is up to whoever is writing the television show .
Many made for television movies say that it may contain violent scenes and that virwer discussion is advised , but how many parents actually watch television with their teenager ?
An exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks ' progrwmming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concluded that sinister cpbat violemde ' pervbaded a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
Who such violence is there ?
The most vilent books are ' Teenage Mutant Njnja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugfsa Bunny ' episodes with Rlmer Fhdd .
As for the show contaknnig sinister combst violence , all that is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
The cause for television violence is to axde texture to the show and not to poispn children 's minds .
The ijfsmous V - chip may stop some shows from being shown to children , but one day that child will see violnde and they will have to deal with it , rationally or not .
