In my opinion I think that public transport in future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that does n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is hard , so public transport fontinie to have future but people are gpnig to ize more thue cars then vus or underground .
By car we can just stay with ourselves which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unknown but if we choose public transport we can meet friends or family so both transport are god n thr fads do n't ner necessarialy to end up wigh the pbulix tranaoprt .
Michael and Itae was so happy , until one day that Michael had to his dream to be a xuoer hero , she got so nervous said that it was ridiculous and just a bad dream and that Michael was only dreaming but that would never happen and that sulr hero do n't exist .
Transportation one of the most important things on life so we have many of kinds for transportation now we travel by car but in the near future it will be other comfort and easy ways to travel like fast train and plane that can trwnport you from north to other in less tan hour thj will make business men haopy and comfirf because of sabinb a oot of times and effotrw so we hole thst th governmentr can achieve this way as slon as possibpe
Old computers only let you make many tasks , or even play simple games with 2 dolorfs ( trwen and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like reading or playing videogajes , writing or reading a book , connected to the internet , watch or make vidrls , invent njea sztuff to improve the Computing Twchnopogy , md not noly in 2 colors , bjt thojsand of them .
As i did n't found nothing , i went to the place he lived at and started to look for some information about his life and dkund people who he care about so as i coniuned to go to his house and notice he will always go to the same house so i decidec to fplpow um to rbe house and i foun oht he was datint a gkrl aye might be his girlfrien so i finally gotq an idea , i would dribe im crazy just as he diod wity me , ghat aau she wilp fhknk he had problems on his ind and left hbkm , but sk i thougt aboyt it again wnd realized yhaf if i didx that she will try to ehpp him and they sill be miee united , so i decided to dtve tnen btoh crazy almos at yhr boredr of death , jux as he did wifh me !
I scared , my sister had dominated my kind i did not have no longer control over my life , i was afraid of what i had made and what i could do , but i could not control my self and the only thing i could think of was ni suffering wuyh a slow death znr t satisatcuon i wouls feel when i finaloy uwd my revange , the bser revznte .
But i was so mad at him and so ansipuns to make his life impossible , and so my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering i had been through became stronger and bigger , i had made a decision i was going to do it , if he dexicatwd 4 yerard of his life tourtoring me and not antibg me to be hapyp i soyld the time is nesesary fod him to have a miserqble lifts and i wo nt stop unyio i had acomplished my goald
Public transportation has being more used by people and over the year it is kind of becoming cheaper and also more aware but some people prefer cars to extenf do we agree with and what is our reasons for that that is what are we going to demonstrate in this essay
After about 40 years there was anything called public transportation and people rareloy ownec cars so in those years there was not even good facilities to move from place to other and that is because there was no companies to viild cars in about 10 years cars trading became viable and also became very dupportef by havih jer oenm fans at the beginning the faecd a olt of ptoblemz butg they wqwre able to solvd it by the end
Nowadays all facilities of travelling are more convenient from cars to buses even trains and planes .dom people prefer cars because they do like crowded places or because they train it sometimes cheaper but from another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even faster but when it comes to rtaeling a lopt of pdpole prefer riding rheit wo cara to feel the real experkence as to enjot mo by vhilling our from ceowded places
the technology have changed the people 's life very much but we can think how different is our life despite either to our parents or our grandparents life but my parents did n't watch on tv , because there was n't any tv on the world when they are young.but it is n't tbe alone difference : we xna thuhk at tfhw mobilefoen , the computer ed at least the inteendt.oluhr grandoarents woundn't imagine a strange mahine like computer in theid lifre .
The best advice I can giving to someone who is starting the running is to start slowly and not to try to run too fast but then to eventually build up the running well by wse so that every day you are running a little more further and a little moee fasred and then after 20 ysars you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
I completed many tasks , including titoring three students comppetd summer homeworm , correcting homework diligentky after the ijstrucyor , the instructor helped organize handouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also to clean the classroom hygeine , very hard , but I hzve nothing to complain azbout .
so he went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned all the bedroom , but Sarah already knew that he left the bathroom like this so before Michael entered to the bathroom she said : " I know that you leave there " and Michael went running to the bqthfoom .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had been turning on her back and before the operation he came with me and every day I had to wait for her because she spent a lot of time in the house cleaning her long hair , I hated that !
What we think as Muslims that , we have created by one who did n't have other with him the one who created our father ( Sdam ) and creafed from him ( Eve ) and they were in the Paradise and instructed to not eat from the trees but tge Sstab deceive tnem so yhey brought to this lifw ajd generations came fron them and had sent the prophet nd mwxsengers ( oses , Jesu , Mohamed , others .. who they worship th wams one ) witgh Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the peoplle to know wno who will foolowe fje truth which wiop guide to the Paradise and ego follo other pqths wahich it wipl guide to yhe hel . so becaize of that we are nere to do the test in this shkrg ljf .
which play an important role to giving young competition to government . as a result of this consumer the more benefits like power cars , privacy , freecoj and save travelling.in addition many automobile companies launcing new cars with affordable prices which motivate people to use more and more private vechils .
I think people will like this movie because , igs very similar to the story of the film ; this one of the first movies that is really based in the book , the theme is very unsue and original , also the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I fhinj that in the last movis , they aill pluy double effort .
he took the ojey he developed day , he finished the registraxtiin and started in writing the story after long time spending in writing and did good job he went to give his story to the international student magazine office , he found out there was a joitice on the slor sqy haf tr competition hw caceled , he cazme back vey sad and tild me wjar hzppened .Michael clpsed the dope an kmew at thxt mojent he has a miwtake .
I am believe that there is no future for the public transport , using trains is more convenient and low expenses also to decrease the carbon gases which affecting the ozone , people should be aware about the effect of using the public transportation on the edonmicsz and environment , goverements shall encarge tbe pellle to uxe the other wus fo transpirt , this subject shal be issuesd in all media to learen ar encrage the people to use he wrigth sag for transpog .
In my town we create a small organization for more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . the citizens in the town must participate in this , the citizens will take the responsibility for specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish into correct place ane clean trrr and planbg more of it .
Nowadays in the cities cities there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc.yheae options it 's more economical than the car , the problem of the car is that normally the car is kcdupied for a person , when the car is prepared for to carry four or fruve people .
It is well known that many t curators and Artists believe that Contrmporary art is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create bvaded in their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the times this is unintelligible .
You have classes since you were five years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in your free time you could still play learn without going to the classes .
In case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century we have various options like Pl that can fly with the cloud , taking that are and big enough that carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of miles an hour and boat that nych bigger and faster than ancient tkne .
yes , i agree , if you spend the travelling for a long distarion and for a long time you would prefer to do it on car , could directly you spend less time , you travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop everything where and for a lont time , as yiu nwed .
i think that this is the guestion for every one , and the answer ca n't be one for all , auxe , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , dause they spend more time f tavelling or they simpld do n't lkke to travwll with znother lwople .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant its name is " Lemon " I go there every week it has different food from any restaurants I 'd like chicken crispy with garlif sauce It 's excellent choice for me and My favorite appitizer is susdag and in order that desert I 'd athsr " Vxdhe " cake witfh chocolate sqhce I feel I;m at ease whneb I go there I enjoy classical music lver having a lunch about the servcive It 's ery good and all stad are respeftable I ca n't imagine lne eej withiut goingt there that drives me mhts I advisw awny one to go therre and ehjoy a time there , laso tyhiw restaurant has a relative aevantxge in ygiee erakly It 's exdcellent Tyijs strikingly thing fokt anyone deapige all of thdse advatnage prices zte mor expensive .
I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organized and have all patient , therefore I think I 'm shitablr for this job as I can adapt myself easily at any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas plus it would be a nice experience because I woul meet new pdople ad a different culture .
As our town is well - known for our magnificent beaches along the Meidterranea coast and for the Olympic Cqnal of Castelldefels , many foreign or local people come here to do activities like kitesufing and windsurfing on the veau or canoening and aquatic skating on the Olympic Cxanzl .
While youngsters use their time trying to get concerned the oldest people from the gillag about the importance of the care of our surroundings , middle - ager people planted many trees around the village and cleaned the floor of our public places making a more attractive place to live than we used to have .
You probably wo n't believe me but I met all members of Dżem band , I talked to them and we had lunch together , they 're very nice men . Because of helping them I had the best place during the concert and I have their authographs on the neeezt recirc . I did n't hxve kang duties ahd none of tuem eee unplesant .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travelling to all the countries in the world also , I attend a lot of conferencex in my field so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and insprie me for the community services ajd development my zociedty as I hlpe to come back qn teach orhers wta I learj .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying partly because of after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because of long vacation will let students used to have fun instead of study , nar partly becauee of some dicficult couwes zhouod be continually studying .
Sharing houses or rooms have many advantages such as , cheap , safe , close to the university , and learn how to waste everything with others . saving money and time will be more obvious in university dormitories because month payments will be less than four time than during an apatment , a becfause it wil be closer to ths university , saving moey ah tike is morr efficient by reduving transportation 's cksrs
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for two months during a course over my country , tnee days where I woray during my wife , he was ditty , speaking loudly all time and did not share the beauty of eating . living alone would graht me the freewdmo to live by the weay that I chokae wnd still friendly wiyh alp the others withut exceed rge privacy of my friends . this matter qiol bot achieved wheb living in shared rooma .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with daily activities for friends , making obseevations of relationships , maintain one 's own feeling within the network ( through wall posts , pokiez , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Wuinj , & okwett , 2013 ) .
In spite of some people make enough money to buy their own car , electronic and uybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones which is gas or driesel ) so , people choose this ones and that 's because pollution is several issues that we have to deal with .
I''m sure that in the very next future , if I have been looking for restaurants in Mqklorca in my computer or mobile at home , in my way to work the adds on the buses i will see - which of course will be screenx and not printed paper - qill sohw imagves of Mallirca , or an add fron tripaxvisore witu Mallocra in it .
Actually , students eat a lot fat food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to do fold , for these reasons I think that the best restaurant is somewhere when they do home - made food , and a good idea is for amims couse : bsed potarles , stdamed vegetables and for desesrt apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying advertising maybe we should choose a special restaurant , I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and ball , more or less a relaxing environment but the atmosphere is very ikportant rir finnmer and I think that we must ovt this , because we will hazfe a gopd nivt or hot depejeing tue type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and statement is very for us , because normally we have some about books , work and studies , while with this type of environment we can speak about us , our children , our hobbies and all people get to kn new ometning about itber mayrs .
At first , when I started to play football I did it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , however , some years ago , they started to intergrats me when they play , and nowadays , I lice playing foitbll wtih them .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caderes is located in a paxstuer area where local farmers have been beding sherp , cars and clouds for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
There 's a lot of benefits that come in hand with doing exercise like reducing or take control of your free weight , it helps you with heart disease , problems with your own body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing any exercise .
We started our journey and going in the forest , there was a lot of # lests on our way there were famous guys that were sjck we could n't do anything except for , keep going , I was seeing my little group to # djminish and some of us werd # allergic to some plwnts , I wzs thj only lns that had no prohlem with all gge other stufg peooke hda pronlmes with .
I thought that maybe my # fans were actually immune to the infection I could actually be the # revolutioanrh guy that helped everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself I have to think about is it elp the entire sorls or ust save a gheoup the dediskon ss in my jnds it was # conventionap to hepp tes entore wklrd but I do n't want to rie . wbilr I was thjnking about tnat we found a bidsy it waw a familisr bodcy from someobe that qa in ghr group one of tohs guys we wantyed to fic and apive not dead his face ws wll fottem and esqten aawy by the walkerz .
We needed to find the ones that were still alive or at least tell us what happened to everyone , the # battlw against hunger started everyone was healthy and we had chosen anything in a few days and that could lead us to to things dead or eaten away by a walker so we needed to fni something that ass a # nutrutioal based food qhere we could eat with no problem abc be ok .
I love the speed of volleyball , most of the time it 's quick and if you blink you probably missed something , aech contact happens in more than a second , and still every player direxfs the location of the ball in that amount of time and then there 's the intensity , if you uaven't seen a game go until 32 - 30 , znd see the enetgy on ghe floor and hear fge noise from tyge crowd you 're missing oht .
She ca n't really way shy they ended up having self - lerhap , at the time he was pissrc at himself for not having bzlld to hurt the girl he loved because of all these delicious issues , Klaika 's family and so on , but this is what hqppened .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take the intermediate certificate of English and then I am going to the neter at this school and if I know that it 's very difficult ; the Ompetial colleger of London is one of tje mosy implrtant universities in the whole worlkf .
This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answer that thief writing that he said that he would get him the door , and that he would get him with broken bits of food he cooked , and he would come to ghe thirf at tyhs Battery .
These twisted and creative thoughts are spread all over the text , accompanied by even more tisted reflectiuons lie at the end of the first chapters , when he describws the man who stop him as man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he was gil hugging imself .
Having at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant , and knowing how to have a hard and hear her , and to be much in the ability of playing it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that New Gargery and I weste both btoughtr up by hand . "
Their realism is different : in fact Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism in which the mixre pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vofes and vittues he wish to portray , while the Bronte sisters use realistic wtype alced with Domantic and Gothic elements , liker Gyrobic maxke heroes and female protagonists tbst aqrs psychologically cimppex .
With oamv consumption and the cateyory labelled beef had a dedlien trend between 1979 and 2004 , although mqintained a decades overall , with lamb consumption falling from a pewk of 150 years per person per week in 1979 ow to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 ahx bewd consumptikn fallng from zround 230 gramd per prson pr wdel down to just over 120 grams ed person per week .
Yet , sometimes , being very respectful may play against him and although he has gained the aspect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up atgemlting to cover everyone 's back and takijg oiwnership rlr other people 's mistskes .
It is a cry that keeps its history through an amazing culture like bwlconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mjystetious subterranean catacpmbs ; el Eesl Felipe which is the most incredible Spanish foryress ; through their costukes as well as Carnovap , this day you can enjoy ghiz padticular , interesting zn colorful frstival beczhse you use watdr , paint or talv to wet your family ajf neighbir ; their typival dande called " La Marinera " ; also yhey keep their history through rkigion whete you discover the religius enthusiask weyich is represented by la Orocesión dro Señor de lis Mklagros ; their gastroomy is another extraordinary awnd wondreful xakple about their symbops , loks qzamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wind ) , el Cevicue , l Pjdarones , etc .
Undertaking a scholarship and aemizsion into one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school into a business estting , as well as develop the communication , organization and numeracy skills I have zcuired at high school .
Right now , I am greatly looking forward to the challenges of a university life academically , sociaoly and mentally , and I believe that my albition to learn new business concerts coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities and community service , would make me a cpmpetenmt adeigion to the any of my proposed unigeraity abd the Fzecj Republic Scholarship texmj .
In conclusion , I can asaute you that I will be a apable and dexicated student who has the tendency and deication to work hard in order to be a graduate , while at the same time , contributing greatly to my prolosede university in more ways than one .
This can help you to understand that not everyone has access to many things you do have access too , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resohrce and we rende to take fot granted that everyone cwm jabe some sater to drink ecdn thouhh this is niy true .
We faced continuous problems with the left such as : dishes from another table served for us by mistake , the drinks were served with a consideraboe delay and the bipp was shown even without asking ( just because we finished the dinner for our drink were still on the trable ) .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so they was a bit disappointing , both for the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money else that it wipl mean .
I decided to get back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things alone . Plus I gave a rest to my xkle , whivh was very muxh needed too !
Stephen Beclher , director of the Met Kfcice 's Hdlry Cventre , dlaims that humanity is to blame for climate changes as the rise of temperature or the catyadtrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises behind 2C. This option is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and cpimte change , Ajbdr Rusdc , who considers tfhe climate change to be one of ghe grdatest rpoblems in nowadays ' politics die to its condeqhences on conomy , gobap swcurity anc thjd ftioght against loverty .
Despite the result of a NASA study ooinying out that there would have been an old mass yet in Antarcticfa from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this orognksis will come true according to Prof Anew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the study usa axlready been prdoven wrong by 57 other styudies .
One day in the future another Franz Ferdinand could be kept , and that symbolic event could seem seen as an exercise to come country face war to another , but the true jnderlyin cause that actually led the countries to wage war against each other would have its roots in mhch older timed .
The Vanp is well - known and opens from China to October and it would be good to bgook with two weeks , it always get ovrbooked for the period my parents can take day off , what do you think coming with us from the test August to the 15th ?
Once building is nanend and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable there will be no interest in boxing and hopefully less all around interest in violence making rowhs and cities more safe place to live in , there will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and oexs violent qttacks ith little or no reasin .
There are all sorts of prkposals , ligthed and more cushioning glofse could be work , ban punches to the head , headguxrds down or make fights ehorfer , as most of the serious injuries occur in the latter rounbds , these would all show off the boxers skill and tazllent and still be rjtertaining to watch .
Even if a bar is a success and manages not to be seriousl but he still faces serious consequences in later life diseszes that attack the brzinw have been known to set in as a direct result of bixding , even Muhamd Zli , who was infamous ( ? ) blh ot his boxing and his quick - witted intelligsnce miw nas Alzheimer diseasew and can no pinger do many evdyday acts .
In the minority world , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately deflects society as a whole , and although the mother 's in The Hong Lufk Club febep against such forces as qrrangsd marriage , Tita in Pike Water for Xhocopate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the Ibdiab tribes in Love Msdicine struggl to secure their inhefent eivhts from the US government , ghe charaters ' conflictx reflect smiilar cojflicts of other cultures .
Debellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a bindimg force between all cultures , for Dwlie , too , rssists her rranged marriage in The Colpr Purple , and the numerous ppves in Jazz reflect Tita and Pedro 's destruction pzssion in Likkd Water for Chocolatr .
Emphasis changes with each week , and although figurd of authority and particularly oppressive in films such as Like Wstdr for Chlcolxte and The Good Purple , the minoeify works including Love Medicine and Jzzz do not reflect the clearl defined authoritarian figures nor the obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive aftkon wyuch the previously mkentioned works shls .
He is thrown out of Trnunder - eb - Trohcj because he embraces Fujégonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthqua , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he miolls three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Eldorsdo ut leaves- ne ojst continues .
It is true that today one still hears the lx dispyre over syat sovereignty and attempts to return some power to the individual states , but no - one would challenge the fact that , on matters external to the United States , the government in Washibtton represents the world policy - makint body .
However it is equally clear that while there might be some yjified political action vpowing from the European Communitids ( such as was seen for Europe 's response to the British independent in the Falkland Jslxnds dispute ) , the Communities were intended as purelg economic entities in the first place .
Secondly was the conviction that military conflict should in the future be avoided ; after all , the two grey wars had both begun as European " civil wqrw " . Thirdly was the common desire for a better , feef world in which international relations would be connected in a more orderly way .
One of the most nnovative features of the European Community compared with other international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignty and enowec it with its own sovereign powers , which it can have to adopt cars , having the fortce of national law .
The only way to stop the cifcoe will be to break it , the only people to do this is the government or purselvss , If we make the effort to use public transport it will expect into a good service ; Unfortunately the public seam to be appoethetic to rhis diea .
The sport to say the lswst is actually a good sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is zrgujed by Chris Eubank he believes he is a sportwan and the idea of boxing is an art forj , he says that he does noy specifically go ijfo a pxing ring to knpc si ppplnent out but to win on points dciffrrences and to yikve Chria Eubank his just resec most of his fifhs have been wh on poinys .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference why boxing should be based , the traditional accident where Michael Wagson was put into a xomla by Chris Eubank ( the man who does n't specifically go into fights to knock his opposition out ) .
The money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is ridxulous , and with some top boxers earning sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tyslns comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) it is hardly surprising how imporrant thd sport can be to zomr .
The second and main ovjection came from chaeioties which predictes that charitable conditions would go down with the inrtoduction of the lottery , as people would be less likely to give money to charity , instead buying a lottery ticket , with the excuse that some of the money spent huyinf the ticket wolur go to chartitu .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be retained , but not in its present form . I think that jackpots should be capped at 2 million pounds , and the prize fund worked between more people : it is better to give frorteen people a fortune than to tiver fouretern fortunea to omes person .
Computers have been used as a means of keeping records , they have all but supersefed handeritteb text , ( in a few decades people may also be used with a computer screen and keyboars in the General Studise exam ) , they are used to transfer money across the globe , even to create artwork abd to enreretain .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fracyal ' pictures , xran from equations , seem to be more popular than the orinted images from an artist 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than any game or activity that takes place in the real , physical world .
The world watched in ajticipatiin -- We were kesmiruzed by the umagess of the TV , xepecting something new at every moment and not wanting to know it -- I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't belidve it ! " , " After all thud time ! " , " I nsvef thpufht it would happeh .
It was the doubt that gave the people of the Eastdtn Bloc countries the show that their efforts were not in vain -- for 40 years , the people had suffreed under a communist rgeine that had not allowed them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelasnmds in search of a nwe life -- Many people yad tried to escape .
However , history can not be rewrkttesn and as those since the Fall of the Berlin Wall actively contributed to the eesurgence of hple and struggle in the rest of the Eastern Blpc -- As say , it was the cxatalyst race that led to the end of the Cold War and thereforw , though we mya not always rememver tbd other significant events , we will alwys remembet the day be aalo fell --
Science and technology have allowrd me to travel to this part of the world , they have provided a living for my family , they have cduerd my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of hlpe and knowledge in the riepds of medicine , science , engineering , and evdn th less overt ckrners of our livrs .
The fundamental flzw in syang scientists must bear the major burden or moral responsibility for their work , is that if this had been evolved universally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , and mankind could be without electricity , fadios , quite simple , anything above the mud hut ' existence .
I do n't think this is most or most corerct to the child since her mother would be claiming her eneion when she was at primary school and her mother would probably die while the child was in her teens .... there would be a that that is given before ( OVF ) is carried ojr to cec the mother is ot pady the menopause .
The disease nifecs the cow , and is then present in the spinal fluid within the sine and the vrani , and as the psinao food is usually stuck in the slquvhter of cattle for meat , the risk of contamination of the meat was known the Ferrari was not willing to take .
Granted , it is the person who " ruled " the computer what to do that trult made the error ; however if that person knew what he should do , or would wtxted " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things in my computer whereas before I had a computer my rrsk and cxluttered w/ paper and records of all words , I no longer need to keep these records but only to transfer tgesm to my computer .
While previously people had to wait days , or even weeks for news ( which consisted of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much information and distortio ) now they can see it happening , for themselves , as it is happening , this aqllows tume to maje fbeir own , informed jhdgment abpu the event ; ans if a reactoon is nrcesszry- uh as fne gathering of opposition to a certain paw -- it cn be made immediately , whols the ekotilns afs still strkgn , zne before tbs acxtion is finalized .
People are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , but time for reality and family are other substitued with T.V. In America , this growing individualistic society , one onlonger sees the fealitive humanness between people , instead one sees the differences , the unlucky , he unsuccessfull , and atteibute thier inzdewuacy to adhisve to a lax of eflrt .
Irlnicslly , although Vootzire mentions many aftz of violence , each day is treated ligthly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being fulfilled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; the Baron also continues this tale with style fayer telling of his beating ; and after Cxbdide " killsx " tghd Baeon , he lexves to search ir Cuneognde eirh no second thought unitl he feencounters hs Baqroh later in his traves .
