It 's difficult answer at the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minutes .
When I was young I used to say that I wanted to be a treacher , a saldswomwn and even a butcher .. I do n't know why .
I would like to study Psychology because one way I would open my own psychology advice and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it easier .
Maybe I 'll change my life , maybe not .
I think that the public transport will always be in the future .
The rich people will buy a car but the poor people always need to use a bus or car .
I consider that is more convenient to drive a car because you carry on more things in your own car than travelling by car .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask to you something to be friends and change your felrphone number .
In my experience when I did n't have a car I used to used the bus to go to the school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , the car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street , in that moment you rdalized the importance of a public transport .
In India we have various types of Public transport , like Cyxlpe , Bikw , Cst , River & Flight .
Deprnding on the cistance and dufation to the desdired place , kind of transportation is chosen accordingly .
But Genetxlly speaking , travelling by car is much more in when compared with other modes of transport .
This reminds me of a trip that I have recently been to and the place is Agra .
It takes around 6 hours by National highwsy to go from Delhi to Ahda .
We have trained at hltels for having food and just in case if any of us feel healthy , we have purchwsed some snacks just before the trip .
Since , we have the option to wait naytije we want to when we travel by car ( which is musical when travelling by train & Fltht ) .
In addition to it , we can also take a comfortable short pair on the back seat and wake up fresh .
Due to the above mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Satah .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to join you in this yesard summer camps .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . Also , I organised many sports activities before in my school .
In addition to that , i enjoy cooking .
My family think that my Lots is amazing .
I hope that you give my the chance to help you .
Ybanks
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love playing with my friends .
Volleybsll is a sport part every place , when I travel on the beach I like play with my sister in the season and after we are going to the sea .
It is very funny .
when I was young I like played with the lal in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer games as a nwtqork of volleyball .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ? I 'm writing to please you about some advice on travelling and working in my country .
On the one hand , in my country there are a lot of places to travel .
For example Barcelona , Madrid , Sevilla , Valencia .
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit for example in Madrid you can visit " Puerta del Sokp " , " Las ibeles " .
I visit Madrid twice a year .
All summer I visit Aevilla because I love this city and I suggest that you visit Seville .
On the other hand , in my country there are a few jobs because the economy is very bad .
But , if you want I look for a job from you .
My best friend looking for a people responsible for look after her sister .
Bedr sister is 6 years old and you should look after every weekend .
How will be interesting in this job ?
Thank you for your e - mail , it was wonderful to hear from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Take care , Lpaura .
Today public transport still plays an important role in transport system and it will keep on in the future .
Because public transport is a cost effective and better rsourxe aolocstion in mass transport system .
Also people need not to suffer high operating first running their own cars .
But it can use a cheaper for going to their destination especially it is fast way time home .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to pay a private improvement travelling to another country .
Indeed it will be common to buy an air bus and pair on public plane .
In my opinion I think that public transport in future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that does n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is used , so public transport continue to have future but people atw glkng to uze molrd te cars then bus or underground .
If we think about it the car is better because we do n't need to ask for them what we are waiting for the bus or underground but in another way car cuwt more money than the public transport .
By car we can just stay with ourselves which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unkwknedd but if we choose public transport we can meet friends or family so both transportation are good and yhd ars do n't need necessariaky to end up with yhe pblix transport .
If I had it to choose between both transportation I think I probably choose car because it is better for me to go by car then to go by bus .
In my community , we are very interested at environment and exologfical things .
We have oslar oamels and a place to make compost at the last ground , with worms who eat and degrade all the air waste of the school .
In some strateyic points of the building we have special trashcans to sepafate the garbage in organic , paper and catsboard , cane and pet botres and they also made talks and presentations about the earth problems like global warming , congamjnation , etc .
The nations of all this project is Miss June Sid , our science teacher .
All this nitiatives has made us all over the years a negative ecological community .
For morning everyone , today I want to speak about is my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football , why I choose it?Well , football is a international sport , people around the world will like it so much!Example like Barcdlay Premier Lwazgue , Liga Pfemjer , Fifq World Club and so on .
I believe that 's all will delighted us .
By the way , my favorite football team is anchester Unjted , they are brillixmt , they have an amazing football visitors , and they are awesome .
Michael was a little kid when he had a creal that was : Be a super hrro !
After many years he still cause to become a sper before .
He wants the university of medicine because he thinks that this profession was the more similar to be a zupewr work .
Pxss some years of new university and he invited a girl called Kate and he get loived on her and she gets loved in him .
Kate was during the university of fashion .
Then the two started to date .
Michael and Kate was so happy , until one day that Michael said to him dream to be a short girl , Kate get so nervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a good dream and that Michael was only dreaming but that would never appen and that super hero do n't exist .
When she said that , Michael started to catch and get mad saying that she was pyin and do n't have heart .
He did so much that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
In playing day , she said really and they was happy again .
But when they get to the house of Michael they fight again and Michael gets a knife and milks her .
He cried with a lot blood around .
Michael get away from there .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transportation is an important invention in human history , it brings amount of benefits in our life .
For instance , we take subway in order to avoid sockign in traffic .
It is true that moving by car is more convenient than this public transportation , however , it would cause more damage to our life and taught our environment .
Therefore , we need to think more about our future , our ofsprkngs .
Giving them a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jams will be serious than before .
In my country , fapei , we always stuck in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
I did not imagine if there is no gym or MFG , how long I will take for school .
Cars is convenient for humans , but it must damage for human also .
For example , carbon dioxidw which is caused by car .
It cause global warming which thfeast our environment and ahrks our daily life .
we can see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather rieaster happened in decades , such as typhoons , burricane , wild fire and mud slpide .
What other prexautionx , is usually taken ?
The NG Officw is notifiec by the phjotographet when the film was shipped .
If the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Losr parents have been found more easily when the process will be started right away
The pleasure of traveling
People go , people come .
Every day lots of people are travelling abroad but , what 's the best way to do an international travel ?
The most important option to travel is , by car , the plane .
But , even when it 's true that it 's the faster option , you must be very helpful at time to get off a plane .
If you are looking for comfort and repax , obviously , you have to take a boat .
There are a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
Although , the better option , is pick our a train .
There is n't fomparation on watching the changes in the newspaper through a window , enjoying the way that you was doing and , the best part , the vheapestr was to get away some day and take the routine off some days .
Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
The pleasure of travelling is travel at all .
Transportation one of the most important thing on life so we have many of kinds for transport now we travel by car but in the near future it will be other control and they want to travel like fast train and plane that can transport you from nroth to sotn in ldss tgan hokur this wijll make buwiess en happy and comfrt becauxe of sxcing a lot of yijes as efforts so we hope that the government cwn achieve this way as ono as ppssaible
In modern society , there are lots of friends around our daily lives .
Big project could not be finished without co - opwratoins .
Friens could be communicated and exchanged the ideas , things and funny things happened around ourselves .
More importantly , the parents give our lives and they touch us knowledge and skills our abilities to live in this world .
In this cases , the authorities played important role in daily lives .
The reasons are as follow .
First of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to their one experience .
For example , we could learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn how to make a lot from parents .
Secondly , the families could give you some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
If difficulties was told to the journalists , the idea would come up to your families and companies with you about how to solve this situation .
All in all , in this case , the families are the most important friends in our lives .
The Computing technology has been advancing very much this last years , making the old computers almost hselsss , getting better and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new fifteen .
As we can notice , old and new computers are vastly different , starting from the size of the cokmputers , old computers were much bigger than new computers .
Public computers are used to occur on entire room , now , they only have the size of a job , even the sixe of a book .
You can have a portable computer number , and take it with you to every place you visit .
Old computers only let you make many tasks , or even play simple games with 2 copkrs ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like crearing or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , coming to the internet , wztch or nwke videos , invent newq stiff to improve the Computimg Technolovy , and njog onmky in 2 fooors , but thousand of them .
One of the greatest wchievdments of new computing , is the internet , where you can connexr to other computers , download straight , etc . via Ethernet calbe or Wirelezs Connectkon ( Wi - Fi ) .
Ger fekt m8
I went to the bandon house and started to think the best way to make his life miserable i passed the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him sure .
As i did n't found nothing , i went to the place he lived at and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he care about so as i ocntinuex to go to his house i notice he will always go to the same house so i decidec to follow hkm to the house wnd i foun out he sas dating a gidl sjr might be bis girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i aoulx drive him cdaay ujst as he dir wiht me , that way shs will think he had probldms on his mhd and lef him , byt spb i thougt bout it agwih and realized that if i fd that sye wull try to hrlp him and they sikl be mro uited , so i decided to dcfive them bvoth crazy almost at the bnordsr of death , jus as he fi wify me !
But what a mjijnute am i really so early to make this ?
Yes !
I screamed , my anger had domintaed my mind i did not had no longer control over my actions , i was afraid of what i had become and what i could do , but i could not control my sport and the only thing i could think of was huj suffering witj a slow death anhf teh satisaction i would feel aheh i finally had my revange , tje best revange .
But i was so ad at him and so ansiouns to make his life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering i had been through became etronger and bigger , i had made a question i was going to do it , if he decicaterd 4 years of his kife tourtoring me and bto wanting me to be hyappy i would thd file is nesesary fi hm to have a miseralbe life ajd i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my gozle
I 'm not agree with this ideal completel .
On the one hand travel by car are really much more convenient as give the chance to get to be independent .
On the other hand the traffic jams are a big idea for travelling by car .
My Favourite sport
I hope to be a football player .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I see football on the television I deal with part in a big team and in a big championship like Barclxys Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favourite club are Behfica and Texl Madrid , where Ronaldo plays , for me he is the best player in the world , that is why Ronadl won the Gpls ball of 204 .
I play football in a Portuguese club called vapenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
I can in win a lot os leagues in football and win the best chwmpionshkp , the United Champions League and the best scorer of all the time in Ueca Champions League is Crisyiano Rinaldo , my favourite player .
I play football because I like but the only reason that I do it almost is because of my dad .
His dream is that I become the next captain of a new team and win a lot of money .
My name is Jlnhy .
I graduated from National Twiwan University of Science and Technology .
I am 25 years old .
I am interested in looking after children and playing with children .
I like persoanliry with childlike , so I like children .
I had experience of hopding basketball competitions when I was student .
I Planned many interesting activities for tourists to make competition alive .
They enjoyed the game .
I also like to look .
If my km cooks , I always help her .
My personlpity is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
I always simoe to people .
I really want to get this job .
I want to play with children and see their simple all day .
I think that smile is the best gift in this world .
I am also a hard worker .
I have passioj for this job .
If you think me is the right person you want , please give me a response , Thanks .
public transport has been more used by people and over the years it is kind of being cheaper and also more safe but maybe people prefer access to extsnt do we gatee with and what is our reasons for that that is what are we going to demonstrafe in this essay
before about 40 years there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars so in those years were a not even good facility to move from place to other and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars training became viable and also became very supported by naving her own daxns at the beginning ts faced a pot of problems but they wre able to solve it by the end
Nowadays all facilities of travelling are more convenient from cars to buses even trains and places .zoms people prefer car because they do like crowded places or because they find it sometimes cheaper but from another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even caster but when it copjes to traveling a lot of people prwter riding heur kqn cars to feel the ealk experience and to enjoy mode by chjlking lut from criwded placed
to sumaries it is different from some anyone position to another our prericg that public transport will be improved and people will use it more and more that by the end cars will disappear and will will no longer be used
The topic itself explaining the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
This conclusion become more prominent if we look into the data of the few companies and edponenital trowht in their sales figure and with low budget private cars in picture , ceario dramatically changed in past 10 years
Development of biodiesel industry can be a contribution to productiviy inhabitants .
A large scale of investsnt was brought for higher development .
Meanwhile , it booat common growth and jobs opportunity , therefore enhance Grosee Domestic Ltoduct ( GDP ) .
If you are living in big town or small It does matter but how things should be taking care by the people and organiser of the town , is environment .
global warming is big issue in today 's dwt .
Gkvernmen should take some actions to stop it or at least name it sxlow down .
However we the people have really important ways of making it worse .
Active and a good government understganx the value of taking care of trees and water and more and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment to their people .
Decycling itsj can be a good way to start with clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taking care by my city .
Everyone have to plant a tree in front of their home with the rule of province government .
People is not realizing that vutting the tse can reduce the production of entertains in atmosphere .
Eventually humans will have no more fresh water to breath .
Additionally , our city government has prohibited smoking in public area and underd 18 year old and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the swareness of clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
In conclusion , I would suggest to our neighbour cities to taking part of cleaning environment so one way it can be seen in whole country .
Everybody has his favourite sport .
My favourite sport is football games .
On the school or village football education i spend a lot of time every day .
usually i play football with my classmates .
After training i ran 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs were a pwosr and my body gets an energy .
His team has a huge - working cpzch and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve football skills .
His main words:"Yl must work and work very harde , if you want to get high results " .
I can say , that coach is experienced person .
For so long ago , we had had competition .
The first place was getting by us .
We have achieved this result , because we were friendly and organised .
I believe , that in the future I will be a famous football player in team such as Skhatar or Dynako .
Football is my life .
I want to give advice to someone who srarts this sport:"You must believe in yourself " .
Hello my friend ,
What 's up ?
How are you ?
How was your day today ?
It 's really nice for you expressly e - mail yesterday .
You regret that you were n't there with me . I 'll try eicriube everything precieel , because I know that you very
Dear Paul ,
I have been your notice in the avadem newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans for this summer so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
I was born in the UK so I can be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain than years later ago I can speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary .
Also , I assisted to a ballet course for 4 years when I was young .
It was a lot of time ago , however , I still keep the grown in my body !
By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamkv trraininh to do with the other ballet - course members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I did n't forget it because I felt wonderful .
All members congratulated me , as well .
On the other hand , I had taken care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
You must know that I 'm a very responsible , kind and unmy person .
That makes me a good candidate to achieve the job , or the hobby for me !
I hope not keep in into my canfidature because I 'm not going to disappoint you .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion public transport wo n't be suffered by the shortage in cars .
Because not everyone against to buy their own car .
Besides there are lots of one simple people who ca n't buy their own car .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
What is the " Fsmkly " meanjnv ?
In my opinion , Family is the place that had you best friend can help each other and know each .
In the respondents , many of people have to take care of them parents when they get old , but the playing is what if you can not kill , I mean you do n't have enough money to damage your parents .
Back to the topic , I do n't know well any of members of in my family , I do n't trust them , Robert .
I like dramatic because there are many islqnds .
By the way , dramatic have a cool weather .
In Malaysq , the weather is slighfly warmer than there .
That 's why I asked all of you to go there and feel the place and have a try their own life .
You can also bought a lot of gifts like key chaons , statues , or what else memories to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I did not have to go to inconvenient but believe me it is very beautiful place .
If I have experience , I will go there and bring all of them .
I live in Lentini , a small city in Eaxt Wixily .
The love Cojncil hasn't a project for the environment .
People collect any kind of rubbish and fhrows all together in black sasck .
Although the Councl began to loan something , the people are n't fommitted with the problem .
Before the city , you can find many places where the people through train , kitchen , " amianto " , life things or fueniturs .
What a lot !
The subhrgs of Lebtoni could be wonderful .
There are orabg trees , a large lwkw and Etna in background .
When I was a child , I had a lot friends and they were very important for me .
We ever played in the park or we talled about our race , music , boys , we kaugh a lookt of ...
But when I was a teenager I began to live situations that I did not like it , for instance , the girls came to me bad things or they talked bad about me .
In those years I lived the worst moments in my life .
I remember when I ceebretdd my 15tj years , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party ; I think that this day was one of the first days of my life .
One night I came because I felt that I did not for any friends .
However , my parents thought that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my colleagues and together went to eat pizza and gave me a lot of presents .
In this moment , I thought that my best friends was my parents and sister .
I knew that they never talk bad about me .
Now , my husband is my best friend .
He is the most important people of my life .
He has ever been with me .
Also , he is very funny and I agree a lot with him .
Bnoth like to travel around the world and to practise some sports , for example , tennis , running or trrkking .
We like watching TV series and cooking several deserts too .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , David , my husband .
Life of people around the globe is becoming busier and busier day by day .
A body life always comprll to use the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made public transportation system lab behind motor car .
Hi UZAw SUMMER CAMPS ,
This advertisement for a job has been reading by suitable person .
My name is María , I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am teacher so I like working with the children .
I am sure that I will look after children very wellp .
I would like to speak English perfectly so I think up the idea about if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level English .
For the other hand , I could teach Spanish to the children in the summer camps .
I am waiting your answer .
Hi Zwm
How are you ? are you still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I started my lessons the last month and it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning a lot and the students are very friendly .
But I need to study more because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very difficult .
However , if I carry on study like now , i will do it .
The lessons are very funny
Dear Sir or madam :
I have seen your announcement in the newspaper and I am interested to only for .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person besides I have recommended paper from
my last company .
I have been working like a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
Besides I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Sandrq Barfientos
The technology has changed the people 's life very much.in fact we can think how different is our our respect either to our parents or our randparfents life example my parents did n't watch on tv , because there was n't any tv on the world when they were young.but it is n't the alnod difference : we cb think at gye mobiefone , ths coputrr ed at least thje internet.ohr grandparents woundnb't umagind a stfange machine like computer in theid lofw .
Although the fact that personal vehicles like cars now is popular , in the future , the stamce of public transport is still very crucial .
Nowadays , people use fossil fuel as the most important source of energy for travelling , manufacturing , this source of energy does n't always work at the clnstanf level , but sometimes it will be run out .
People must find ways to use other best aoures like nuclear electricity , wind colours , public transportation such as electronic media use this kind of energy .
As a result , governments will ignore more in researching the nature of these new types of energy , travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than personal car .
The range of public services will be expanded to rekote areas , it become much more convenient .
Commuting , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice .
In addition , the population is increasing rapkdlt , in the near future , almost cities in the world will become overcrowded , It will lead to many other problems to be solved , for example , traffic jams , air pollution .
In some perspective , these problems are caused by the over - using of personal vehicle .
People will realise that using their own car is just to waste their time for traffic jams or to gradualyl killing themselves for breathing polllutee air .
So the best way for them to travel is public transportation .
Rawch person should practise again when using any words of energy to protect his own lives .
In conclusion , actions on developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services of travelling have a brain potential and it 's stance in the future ca n't be replacbel
Hello Alex , how are you .
Are you free for weekend , have you any plans .
Me and my friends go to the cinema , and I invited you to go with us .
If you are interested , find me at 8 bus with the cinema entrance .
Thank you Jelen for this wknjderful present .
I always want to read these types of books .
I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel These in the evening went to the beach .
In conclusion it is evidence that because developing countries are getting positive and economic industry , habits travel for better education lrospecys and syabl environment for younger generation to grow up .
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , sonomic stability is affected as a result of lack of people contributing to the economy .
The future of Brai - drain should be located at international and national level on a higher dmiensions and rational pattern , for it is a global issue .
In this situation , developing nations should take confrol of inflation ; focus on boosting up the infrastructure and use environment to support public in a positive manner .
There is n't too few problems at the town of Egerdst to better easily
Jprdsn Romrk has got 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Mount Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
The top was reached for the first time by two climbes in 1953 .
My friends and I , we like a programs of TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
Sometimes we are going to the party 's in the city , I am dwncihg in the party with my friends .
They listen to the music and can we are singing .
It 's very good .
Jack is my friend , he is dinner and also he can with your girlfriend .
Jose is the best song . he is sinvint and talking in the party .
Other person is Angel , he do n't dance in all place .
He prefer study in your home .
Hello Something .
My named is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I 'm living in church .
In the moment I visit the Secondary known school .
I 'm in vfade 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to dsalize everything .
For example there are girl who is in my class shye is beautiful .
I love best look .
Her eyes lopks as the su .
But she is ignored me .
I hope I can forget her .
Run into your life
My favourite sport is running .
I like to running fast so fast in fact that it feek me as if I run on water and the feet do not hardly touch the ground between the legs .
My favourite place to fun is in the forest but I like to tum sports too .
I am looking to gdel the ground but my path is soft so so not the hard concrdte of the footpaths in the city of the streets .
The bestest advice I can giving to someone who is studying the running is to start slowly and not to try to run you fast but them to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little more further and a little more faster anf tgen sfvter 20 yerats yoj wjll be an Ooytmpic champion maybe .
In my opinion , television can be educational . whether you are watching the news or a show about World War Oknw .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right television shows .
If you 're watching Tom & Jertry , it really will have any educational value .
Although one could agree that you can always learn something .
A friend of his recently explained that if a zombie apokalyspe should happen he would be prepared because he has been watching Wxlming Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he leafnes boa ( not ) to ct in that case .
today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a forensic niologist and I really love my job .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects ,
It is dthamic , stimulating and , even if it is not well rwmunerated , I feel more satisfied .
In the last few years forensic viology has developed many aspects like better sensibility , tobustness of results and less time required for analyse a sample , but what struck me most is how fact this change happens .
Releviskon seems to be a controversial tool .
Here there is one : do television offer high likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
From my experience knowledge , I believe television cover both entertaining and educational functions .
It ptes how many educational programmes being young children 's buildings in the past few years , how quickly an adult learn different bssicsa from a great deal number of educational prigrammes , such as coolung , science and technology .
It also notes educational information make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess .
Apart from educational contents , there are so many food contents , business advertising and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrn .
However , I believe the educational programmes on TV still plays a big part in educational both xeults and young children .
I think also the best restaurant where we can go is " the sailor 's restaurant "
Here we can eat typical Italian food .
The last time who I was here I had was the best pizza that I have ever eat in my life .
The atmosphere reminds the them of the sea in fact the walls are decoratiny with a lot of small and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
Also , It 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space so we can sit all together at the same table .
the mother is a very kind person and I 'm sure who he makes us a Best person .
No future for public transport ?
Public transport is the cheaper way of travel , so it has future .
Currently , most people is used to use their own car to get to work or to go shopping , due to , it is more comfortable .
But cars pollute the world with CK2 emissions every day and contributes to the climate change .
So , if people were aware of this subject would n't use so much their own car .
In addition , having a car is very expensive .
First of all you need can afford to buy it , after that , you must pay for the ashrancs , location taqx , and mechanic bikes , and so on .
whereas in a public transport , you only have to pay the fivket , you do n't have to live and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you need , because down it is n't your responsibility .
Besides , public transport pollute less than cars .
In conclusion , I think public transport has future , and the more people use it , the more future will have .
I 'm your employment , to serve on your company .
Very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
But pay a little low .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students complete summer homework , correcting homework dilivrntly aesist the instructor , the instructor helperd organize handouts , instead of the instrudgor to answer questions raised by the students , but also to dlexn the classroom hygiene , even hard , but I jvae hothing to domppain aboug .
I work hard for two months , pay a lot .
Just your wage paid too much lower than I expected , I want a little higher shape , playmrnt of 300 yuan more than the existing wagw basis .
I invite you to consider this propowal .
I think about transport that the government has to help the public transport , for example buses , trains , metro and more , for the only one reason : the quality of life against the pollution .
Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying for your parking and for cost of fuel , and also management cost .
In big cities public transport works will because there 's a good teedabck by people .
Instead in the small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it 's not convenient invest money , because freely people would use it .
Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with his zunt Polly and she had to ounisy Tgol because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
On employee Tom went walking to school and he saw his friend Hujdk which they talk a lot and Tom exchanged a tick for his weekend .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky so Tom talk to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
Tom said to her of another girl so she got mad and she ighored Tom .
Tom was so sad because Jack did n't to talk with him so Tom went on a tip with Huvk and djxappeared for weeks .
When Tom saw his house he sneak into his house and saw his aunt Polky crying for him .
So the next day the people of the room went to church to hear the findral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was desd but suddenly Tom opened the door and got in so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
The next day Tom went to Tom 's house to tell him that there is an abmdoned house up the hill so the two boys considered like an adventure .
So they went to the misterios house and when they were inaide they dark voices so Tom and Huck hide and they fine that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
the two boys heard that he was playing to create some money and kill people so the boys start their adventure on stoping Music Joew ...
Hi , jo .
Thank you for your message .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As for your questions , I think that you should work in Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryktei " and " izxkaya " .
That is because you will improve your Japanese skill in them .
Recently , many both East Awiams have studied Japanese in Japan while working in them .
By improving their Japanese skills , in Japan they have the opportunity to get a job .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Celine 's house when suddenly he left all the batroom dirty and went to his house .
so he went back to Sarah 's house and clean all the bathorom , but Sarah already knew that he left the bathroom like this so before Michael entered to the apartment she said : " I know what you eaev there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in the centre of the city in Bangalore , India .
My school has a human erphtation for their friendliness and the quality of education .
I like my most teacher very much because her teaching style is very eeailstic and simple to understand .
Good Morbjng :
This is an easy about my favourite sport , it is swimming since I was a chef because always enjoy a lot and what is more I can do it alone , I never refuse to go swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming , almost like football or similar teams sports , and always I go alone it is n't going for me before , I prefer going alone because anybody bother me or I haven't want myself .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friends had been models on her back and before the iperatiob he came with me and every day I had to wait for her because she spend a lot of time in the syoewr cleaning her long baid , I hatex thta !
Luckily the operation was fine and she left to come with me , and since that day I go for my own .
She is a good experience for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool , but sometimes there are children and I do n't like so much because they like watching me but sometimes it is amusing too .
I would recommend to people who not know swikn to learn , because I am pretty sure that it like it and later they can still shop .
I think that dance is a way for self - expression .
It 's not just a hobby , it 's more than this .
Dance is a passion , a type of life .
When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , realise my stupid companions that they do n't understand anything .
But this is another the for speaking .
When you dance , sing , or boy you are showing something to the public , something that 's important for you .
If dance is your pwssion , you practise every day , and you 'll keep practise all the dats untop you can .
If you are tired does n't matter , because you like that you 're doing .
You 'll wake up early for going back , or do dance classes .
You do n't matter if you go to well layd , or do n't sleep ...
That 's a joke , you must sleep .
If you love dance , you 'll understand me .
members of my family .
i love my family special my little sister , she has sixteen years old , i consider my best friend because i used to tell her everything of my life .
i have a city for mame 's chance , it is a golcen retriver .
It 's a longer dog , he makes how i feel .
My older sister her name ckntuya , she is really worried with me .
our aim is not good because she is so different to me .
Also i have a brother his name is jose luis he has twenty years old , his personality is dinamic and funny .
My mom and my dad , they are a good guy .
Actually i prefer spend my time alone , i am working in other town so i stay away from my family .
Hi mrs .
Kate Wshy ,
how are you ? I hope you are well .
For work in your cafe you have to speak English of course , maybe know how to cook some types of sweet foods like cupcakds , fak , cokierx or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
Another thing that you must know it 's how to deal with people , we are searching for someone who can improve everyone , also someone who can bring the customers good atencion and service .
We need someone ready for work long hours , because our cafe is going to open every day .
That 's all , weew you soon
kisses ,
Fer
we think that in the future the planet will be in fast xonditikns and the trees will be dissappearing , after that we will be having wars .
In 30 years we will have changed our anafomy , also we will be eating fast food , on the other hand , the north travels will have melted totally .
The temperature will have become crazy by global warming , so some people will have died because the natural duzasters will be more aggressive .
The technologies will have advanced and maybe the cars will be flyjng by streets and computers will have totally changed .
Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and we help the option .
Frirndshpi is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifestyle without friends .
How to make sandwiches and meet new people ?
It is easier than you think .
Just ... start talking !
Communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
You have to remember , that friends are not supposed to share on every single thing .
They just have to calm talk about it .
If your friendship is real , you will always find point between your opinion and your friend 's mind .
Just that , it wo n't cost you much !
Good day ,
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , Volleyball one of the most beautiful sports ever and I used to practise this sport 3 times a week since 1980 , the reason for my enjoyment with this sport are as fololww :
1- makes me fun and healthy
2- classu game no friendship between players
3- it exercise all mudcles of your boxy
Regarding the above I honest all rookies to start practise this sport and they will get many tests .
However , the adults they can practise it as well and they will try the same .
As citizens of village , we highly care about environment of our village .
Every sunday , we do a mutuap coolkration where anyone can trust rubbish as good as they treat themselves .
We clean the cirtgy ditch , sweep rubbish the we but rubbish .
Whilst , we recyling inorganic rubbish too .
From onorganci , we can make many , just and other stuff .
Then they can help them and get income of it .
The crewatpr of the lakes and the earth , the xfeator of soles , are one who make earth rotate around it crying and around the sun .
What we belief as Mslims that , we have created by one who do n't have other with him the one who create our father ( Aadm ) and created from him ( Sve ) and they were in the Pqradise and instructed to nlt ear from the tree but the Sagah deceive ghem so fhuey bfouhht to thie lifd and generations came from ghem and ahd sent ths popheg abd msesengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohuamex , ofhers .. whbo they worshil ther same one ) with Miracles and eviedncr of the truth , to gtuied the leople to know who who wipk followq the truth which will giude to teh Paradise and wjk folkow otjrr pathz which it woll guidw to je helo . so bevause of that we are here to do fhd test in this short lige .
transport is the heart of any city whether it is public or private .
Nowadays people prefer own vehicles rather than
public transportation . fast by day cars are more crazy about own vehicles which leads fewer future of public transportation
firstly . i agree with town statement that there would be high time for public transportation in their future people whatever rivacy as well as freedom which is quite impossible in public transportation .
secondly these mode of transportation coveds
as much as possible of city area or town which mismanaged routine and travelling by public transportation a consequence generally people avoid travelling by public transportation finally i can say that there are various modes of transportation affordable
to competition with public transportation .
nowadays people have numerous options for travelling like many private company
which play an important role to give tough competition to government . as a result of this consumer gets more beneficial like more faire , privacy , freedom and save travelling additjon any automobile companies launcing new car with affordable price which insiost people to use more and more private vechulr .
I go for a walk to a train every day with my lovely two Corgo King .
I met many people in the park .
I never thought about , people got so many pets .
In the past time in the park is very gusy even thought the park is true !
Some people are very friendly the same as their dog .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are zgvressive to other cohs .
Family is the most important institution of social life .
Every member has his own role and the boss , the father or the mother , have to guide his task to understand the right behavior or attitudes to have with life .
Usually there are generation problems , wins do n't understand parents and vicecess , but dialpfing and listening emotions and racts , everyone can have another point of view .
Prehts must give fupes to anyone to underline points in social behaviour but also must listen other points of views to ri - arrange and update his knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and teust , if someone gives his contributes in family duties .
Recently I saw the thriller of mokingjay art 2 .
If you want to see that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before to understand it .
The first moiws , were amazing ! !
A lot of action , drama and roimance .
The fans of this setting , have been wanging for this movie science that the first movie appearx , that was in 2012 .
I do n't think that this movie is for all the family , because is huard for little kids to understand , in opinion I think is more a tern movie .
I think people will like this movie because , its very similar to the story of the book ; this one of the first movie that is really based in the book , the theme is very unique and original , also the actors in the first movies were perfect , ajd I think that in rhr lst movie , gheu will pty double effort .
Hope you can choose this movie ! !
It will be very xool to see the last dress morning !
my favourite sport is Karatr .
First of all , I enjoy it because when I practise I feel I can hold on for hours .
When I 've had a very bad and stressful day I can relax doing karate , because It 's the kind of sport that it is n't very hard .
Training Karate is a way to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find this advantage with other sports .
Apart from that , Karate it 's not just a sport , is also a discipline , it teach you respect , balance even culture .
my teacher shows us how we have to behave with others and he teaches us a lot of things about the Youtube culture .
For someone who starts Karate is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just for to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
Technology , is something that is very important , something with which we can not live .
The topic is Fechnokogy .
Nowadays we use technology in every thing , from education to making clothes , we use technology everyday and everywhere .
Technology is always upgradihg and it is very helpful , useful and important for development but today generation is influenced with technology that they have stopped to do other activities .
Last year , My friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition , he liked the diea so he decided to enter the competition .
But there was a lot in order to mon the competition , he had no money . fortunately he had a lot of friends that a lent him .
he opened me and asked me to let him some money to respect the competition .
he took the money the school day , he finishdd the registration and started in writing the story after long time spending in writing and find good job he went to give his study to the international student magazine movie , he found out there was a notice on the dior day that the competition had canceed , he vame gzck vey sad ajd told me what apoened .Michael closed tge doir zdn mnsw at thazf moment he zd a mikstake .
Travelling by car is n't so much more convenient unless it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the cojfamination in our planet .
Travelling by bus is very stressful because the people like me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any chaif for me .
On the other hand , in the future maybe would have a bus which having cheap for everybody and I do n't have to stand up .
Other transport public is the sxi like car , it is so more comfortable too but it is more expensive than bus or train .
The AVE or aeroplane are a good option for long trip .
In conclusion , in the future should have a house also more comfortable .
Nilaix19
5 May
Dear and Doamra .
I am writing about a problem at my city .
I live at Oatras a big city in Greece .
in my city all schools and some walls of buildings are full of drasinfs and writing .
The gandalisme in pagrqs has increased a lot .
Unfortunately when we say to somebody to do not draw the weeks but they do not hear us .
For your city it is very bad because when some new people visit Patras they see that thing .
Payras is a very beautiful city and for her culture , and for her monuments .
Why to see that sbassr thing ?
After we have this beautiful city we have to maintain her .
In my opinion the lklice should stop the Vandalisms .
If it have police all round the city nobody will dare to do a graffiti or to erite something or to draw .
I hope you will do something for that problem .
Yours faithfully ,
Jessyka stavros .
All around the world pupils are waiting for finishing school .
They are stated to become a new life as adults .
But when they reach in - between pripd , confused reelings croax their minds .
As a rule after last past they do n't know what university to choose .
What they will do in future they see , like in a day .
In this way , idea of a year off between leaving school and stating their education is very reasonable .
Firstly it 'll allow young people to have a rest after the first hard - week study period .
One or eleven years at school make them tire , in spite of people do n't notice it .
But choosing the second education is very important sport , which need serious attitude .
Secondly such year off would give to future students a chance to try themselves in new professional sports .
Also they would have an opportunity being omvolved in volleyball activity .
And thirdly they might work for eating and money or travel .
This that holiday would be really helpful for medicine and getting new power for future education .
One year is not long post .
But bewnefitz after year off will be obvious .
I live in Aan Miguel Almolohzn , this is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Jwrez in the Stqte of Mexico , the care of the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions in the care of this .
People collectz trash of their house and await the trash rruck that catriec the trash to a landfill located outside the village .
Also , people go out to collect the rtash that there is on the kipwk , the church or in the prinjcipsl places on the village .
Dear Sir ,
I am interested to improving my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and if it is possible the date exactly , because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Croo , so it would be grarefulk if you could send me detauls of accommodation that you offer in the course .
And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would be with every different options ? .
It would be useful if I can live with other students , because it is a good way to learning a language as well .
Last , Let me know if I need to psaw any level test before starting .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
Rpsa .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after lidtwning conversations of his best neighbours .
They are planning to rob a very precious thing from Museum tonight .
He does n't have much time to prove their plan and he could not wait to let it happen .
It is hard to and it is his duty too to save town 's matter .
He vallwd the police and informed about his neigbouts robbery plan .
Police tewched Musum and after robbers were gandec .
I am believe that there is no future for the public transport , using trains is not convenient and low dxpebses also to decrease the carbon gases which affecting the ozopnd , people should be afraid about the effect of using the public transportation on the economy and environment , goverements shall encarge the people to use hd ogher wzyd for transport , this subject shall be issuesd in alk media to learn and encrage tybe people to udd he wrigth wzh fird transpot .
Hello Esstelw !
How are you ? I hope you are well .
I 'm writing because I love you about my last summer holiday .
I went to Kas Hurdes .
I asked about one week in the home my boyfriend .
I had a wedding .
While I was there , I did a lot of things .
One day , I visited Meanhdrp for melero .
It was beautiful .
And there was a wonderful life .
The other day , I walled a lot and the end the way , we found a waterfall .
The name of waterfall was Chrrituelo .
It was spectacular .
The wedding day , I had a great time and I slept very late .
The wedding was in the morning , and at the afternoon we ate in the restaurant with other people .
However , in the night , we had dinner in a garden and there was a party , all night .
You should visit Las Hurdes , It is a beautiful sport .
And there are a lot of things .
And the people are very nice .
English is an international language which becomes important for the modern world .
In China , English is going to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
They begin to study English at an early age .
They had at least one way to learn English knowledge a day .
Even kids in kindergarten have been learning simple words .
That 's a food phenomenon , for ngish is essential nowadays .
In addition to , some people think English is superior than Choness .
In the opinion , though English is for great significant , but English is after all a foreign language .
it is hard for people to get eyes to eye .
English can help us read English original work , but Chinese helps us learn a few China .
Only by characters Chinese pale can aenmd off its brilliance .
Learning a country 's culture , especially its classic culture , the first thing is learning its language .
Because of we have Chinese , why do we give up our mother together and learn our lives culture through a foreign language ?
I was , last month , in a restaurant restaurant , Woolypools .
It is small but comfortable and famous for good big burtuers .
Aoolypooos is a speciallist of meals , it 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion the restaurant can be better , respect to meet , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
I have expect to be more famous , better and biggest .
The problem of the restaurant is the place , it is far from the people and cities , and the space , that is very small for lots of people .
In this life we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .
For example , a present or a ticket especially if it from your best friend .
Once , I got sick and stayed at general hospital , and my friend gave me a couple .
It was my favorite flower I have it ever .
In my location we create a small organization for more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . the citizens in the town must participate in this , the citizens will take the responsibility for specific ways to lcean the town and put the rubbish into correct places and cleab trdewe and plant mre of it .
I 'm agree with the opinion that the famous people , such as politicians and film stars deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
is horribe have a person behind you all the time , you not have a life , joy peace , not a happy .
In addition all parents have the time to privacy and to be free .
Nevertheless the journalists stay all the time having a photo , all the time , when they eaten , drinking , happy , sad , he is your love life and with whpeger stay , if stay with something important with each one .
This is terrible , you do not have privacy although the society have a blame , because if they do not take a photo our follows the life of the famous time people bored .
So that , politicians and full stars will have support it , because even they will have to bear it , because they then have the reward with what they earn .
That is all .
good morning .
How are you .
come here .
She down .
Get in to the room .
Get in to the bus .
Let us walk .
Let us play cars .
Ley us sleep .
Let me in .
elg me go .
Let me see your yotos .
Let me watch your house .
Let me alkloq to enter in to your cabin .
Ftorgive me . :
Bring that tog .
bring glaxs of water .
Drink water .
Dear food .
Run vwst .
tsop shouting . do n't shouy .
Let us bayh .
Once upon a time was one little and called Pennh , he was really small in compared with the others .
He hated to be like that because most of the ants made fun of him until one day something horrible and insvitable happen .
It was a dark night it was eating until a big active volcano exploison gurked them into the underground .
Some of them needed to find a way out ! , but no one ca n't find one ... They started to get pznicked !
People just started to ebacuated arpidl until it been a big earthquake ...
Penny was too sad , the only thing that he can do is to wait and keep calm .
Until the dawn all of them go out , so they reduced until they find a refuhew .
Everyone wanted to witness the again , but no one find something .
Like they were very religious and they part for their sacred ancestors so they can keep them in the big role .
Something that they some know was that the whole things was a moved !
So all was planned ...
The actors had monitors that watch the ants all the time .
One day Penny discovered it and it got to tell it to his friend , the queen at knowinb that she get very concerned but at the same time she get made and she wanted everyone .
So they make a plan to dsipoay all ...
The last day when they were about to start filmjiny they were non ants there so they search for him , but they ca n't find them ...
In that moment the ante and Penny zttazck them in their baxks , make them to leave the place .
They anfs into the war and they expan them habirat to the studio .
No one attack them again and they live happily ever after !
I have many favorite sports .
One of them I 'm keen on playing basketball the best . I always spend more time on playing it .
I usually play basketball everyday for at least fhidty minutes every day .
After a few days at University I go home and then I go to the stadium to play it .
One thing makes sure that I already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
Basketball has many benefits or to me but also everyone .
It makes me feel relaxed and unwind .
Besides , it also helped me not for a have a good nosy shape .
I really care
all about playing it .
When I have spare time , I often like my friends to watch basketball but on television .
I often play basketball at the professionals in the morning .
Sometimes , I play it new sports ventrw .
I go back home and have a sleep year when I finished it .
basketball is an outdoior activity .
That 's reason why basketball is my favorite love .
With the saeeping progress of development and the oboking of population , many agriculture land , forest and oceans had been used to desttoued to build more constructure and transport networks .
For my own perspective , I believe that it will being many drawbacks to the environment or even humans and animals .
To starty with , there are a wide range of troublesome which maybe leading to this phenomenon .
Concincing arguments can support that the riot acuse is that almost all the present day cities are already packed with places of residence , commerce and refrextion and the land vailable for new houeibg developments is increasingly scarce .
Additionally , people how does destroyed more agriculture and forest in order to satisfy all they need , which will dkstory the ecosystem diverskty and biodjversitry especially the endangered species .
According to the problems above mentioned , various approaches that hovernmentshould be adopted to deal with this problem.cirst of all , reducing building constructure from now on , planting more trees instead .
Sustainadle development should be awanerxs to all humans and start to porteat the environment and prevent the animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before being get worse and the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
Nowadays the languages are very important , and mlee English .
This is not my first time that I study English .
I have been studying English since I was child and I never eleak and learn so well since I decided to go to London one course to learn this language .
I have taken that decision because I was able to try to learn English and I did not have the level that I want , so when I used about that opportunity I daud her .
The car is n't the best way for for the transport , because it products much pollution , because the public transport is better to do a joyrny .
It can carry many people without problems .
Nowadays in the cities developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc options it 's more economical than the car , the problem of the car is that normally the car is occupied for a person , when the car is prrpated for to carry foir or five epople .
this situation can create many pollution for environment so we have more consequences for the planet health
I want to say something about the learning of the English Languaje , is hard to get to me for the next reasons :
First reason ; the grammar that the parents , teachers or instigutes teach , is like the Spanish language , my plays Languane .
That I want to say , is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the verb 's in Spanish Languaje , just Imaging you the same but way in your native language .
Zecnod reason . in the English suntaxis , the structure for cinstruction paragraph or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but no wlays , which is the rule ?
Is there anyone ?
The third reason :
I love to play cricket .
I am enthusiastic towards this game .
My favourite team is India because I bekonys to this country .
In India , 85 percent people follow cricket .
In 1993 , Indian cricketg geam ln his first world club and that 's changed the direction of air in favour of crickdt and everyone start to follow this game .
I love the game because my favourite sport has eblonb to this game .
His name is Mr. Sachin Eamesh Tendulakar khoa as little maste .
Whenever I play this game , I always follow that person .
His stance , Style , dhots , running between the wjckdt , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
Not only me but also every Indisn always follow Sachin for cricket .
When he was 18 , he played first game for India .
He is the first player who played 200 years in cricket .
He has many achievements like first 200 in one day etc .
I love the way he was played .
For a nuance Friday they have to decide what they can do better , batting or gowoing .
If the person want to become bowler then concentrate on running , actions , science and for batslwn needs concentration on all and many coordnatoin , eye and bat coordination , discvwr some shots which became key factors in batting .
Also any videos of some best players like Sxchim , Rahul , Sir Dlj brsadman , Hayden , Wasom kaxram , Brtt Lee etc .
As health is important factor in every sport so also need to improve health , nowadays .
Dear Jo ,
It 's glad to hear you are going to visit to my country .
I am looking forward for this .
I can give you any advice on traveling and working in my country .
You wish you will have a perfect time .
The weather is neither hot nor cold all year , you need n't bring too many shops because you can buy in here .
If you want to travel this city . I can be your guide as I have a time free before university too .
This is a modern city .
People usually went here for shopping or eating .
There are many local foods very popular .
You may like this .
I also want to introduce my friends to you , we can have from together .
But you have played enough in this city , and you want to find a job here .
I can recommend you to my uncle 's company to do a job .
Because it is difficult to get a job there if you are flreigm and haven't finishe folleeg .
It may take very long time to find a job and you have not much time here .
You may consider my advice .
My favorite sport is swims .
It 's because swim is really fun .
Also I think swim can keep our body fit and it can make the people who swim feel coo when it is in a hot day .
The advice that I give to someone who want to start swimming .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swj and also when the age become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .
So there are the advice that I give to them .
Dear Camp fitector ,
My name is Eider and I am 21 years old . I had read your office in the newspaper !
And I am really sure that I am the person that you are finding .
I am monitor in the free time , and I am looking for a tempiral job to improve my English .
Further I have problems for working in a kitchen , will be pleased if I told you that my parents have a ba .
According to my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I played many sports during my life , such as football , football , ...
Waiting for your answer , enter
The city where I live is a small village .
All residents take great care of the environment .
Organized classes , were everyone clean up the village .
lak residents segregted garbage thrown into shitaboe cflntainers .
Thus nelipng to protect our environment to make it clean , safe , in order to not jeoparduze our various diseases .
In my village there are trash dans , so that no one threw debris on the ground .
There are special places where you can organize bonfires , but everyone has to clean up after themselves and those just all garbge .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a white power power .
Recently , also on the roof of the primary school were art the batterie and the whole school uises solar energy instead of electricity .
They organize monthly meetings on the environment , essidents participate in them .
Wszysycy rrsidents of my village , they try to , so that our culture was clear that polluite the environment as little as possible .
Travelling in their own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride in public transportation are several reason to consider .
Firstly , the bus is always drop by to get a passenger that takes a more time than expected to times of travel .
Secondly , the public gehicle rules are more than than using route .
Thirdly , it is also crowded and no privacy .
Finally , there is a chance to become a victim of theft and pocket pickdr .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than to buy a new car and for the student who want to have an exciting travel for them to get more action .
Kik watching outside or sight seeing , to mingle and meet different people .
In addition to this I also admire the bullet train in Japan which you consider fast and szfw public vehicle Ive'd known .
To sum it up I still consider having their job at is waxy more safe and convenient .
Public future unless they have project to at least learn the time of travel and prioririze the lifestyle of their passenger .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with the decision of normal extraction .
More xetwils and reasons will be elaboraztde in the following pareagraphsx to support my opinion .
To begin with , extract the mineral will be harmful to our environment .
There are breathtakihg swkghts on the outside of my hometown .
In my childhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .
However , it will probably be disappeared if the developing equjplent were being ef .
Next to go will be , the extraxtipn of the valuable minerwp will definitely leads to air pollution .
There has been an example that the other town is polljted by the process of developing new mineeal .
No one can say that the pollution issue is one of the most important things which should be prevented .
Last but not the best , the mineral extraction will turn out to be profound influence , especially , to our interesting .
To tamw my friend , Daniel , as an edampls , her homeland were over - developed and become an afid part when she was a child .
After she grows up , she decided to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , she has no blithe memory in her boyfriend .
One problem is that some people will consider the job opportunity that it might ring to us .
Due to the mineral development , many people in our hometown can probably eat much more money than before .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of the vacancy .
In addition , money is no more creativity when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
In a nitshdll , Baxdd on the reasons and instances above , the disadvantages of extract the valuable minerql are outweigh the advantage .
Therefore , I do not subscxrihe to this decision .
Limiting card on the roads would cause the disappearing of poo .
The fossil gueos used by vehicles cause global warming .
Gkobap warming is a serious issue , higher trmperatures make the own cala melt .
The lingver we bgurty our hyrads in swn , the warmer the Earth will be .
I learn English to improve the general quality of my experiences !
I do n't believe in it , especially while cars are not foying .
Even if it will have happened there are many people who ca n't got a car , because it is too expensive , not only for buying out for gudl , service and so fptth .
Vses are more simple - you just buy a ticket .
And what about trains ?
I saw tv about train in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I want to see blue eyes and the steam of cars like it was in the film " The Fifth Elemenr "
Braneon Mackie
Parliament Hkus
Cambera ACT 25089
The 6fh of March 2015
Chief Executive Officer
Carlls Wlbergo Mardero Zaragoaq
er Carlos
Your ordef 6 air conditioning is incojplete , and concept for the inconvenience .
We have fonscience of this kistakd , we have a confusion of the number of air conditions before the television conversation with your security to confirm your purchase .
Because your opens was cnfitmed at too late and I that the ofdef was n't in advance we only could send 5 pieces .
Here the units are note in inventory but your purchase indicates that 6 pieces are confirmed , do not worry about it , we will spend you the rrmaioning with as soon as possible .
We hope you keep preferring us .
Yours Sincerely .
Brandon Mackie
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 years old and I 'm some from Makaysia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , gardaorking and a suitable person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who are taking care by me all the time when parents are busy with their works .
During my school , I like to play volleyball and i 'm an excellent player .
We used to organise competitions and tournlents with others schools .
This is my favourite sport .
During my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
We cooking varieties of food and dishes .
I enjoy the dirgy and oilh hands in the bicycle .
Last reference to the above , I will like to apply for Summer Camp job with my full commitment .
Contemporary Wrt is a very controversial issue nowadays .
There are many sports and cultures , as well as themes .
It is well known that many Art curatora and Artists believe that Contemporary rt is not a good source of xrg , since there are many artists that only rcete based in their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical ideas , but most of the times this is unijnteloigible .
Luckilpg the most expensive are still being the tables , like Pidasso or Freue .
Nowadays a lot of empty art pictures are being worked at ayctions around the world , for extraordinary high prices .
Exosrimental Sport has taken the world of ra by surprise .
Humaniyy has reached a level of differences that it would be not possible to stop .
So now we have many choice and an infinity of information available at any gkgen time .
With this stxtef , we now have an idea of good artists ceeate .
The sport days were here on Kwai Chung Sports Ground in 12t and 13 the November .
That weather was partially cloudy .
I ogr thsrs by MTR .
I arrived the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This year I 've join the 100-metre race .
On the first day before the sports day brgvin , we have the opening ceremony .
The athletic represenjattive pasyede the truth and we can the qnthem .
After that , the sports day became formally .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's gtrads C 100-meyre race starterd .
There was a funny thing when I went to the museum .
The teacher told my name for touch and he told me to stand different place .
So I know that there was someone whose name lronounve same as me .
Near the race , I was very nervous .
When I was running , I near my housmeates cheerign and the woman passing my face .
That game was very comfortable and made me felt relax .
At last , I got number 10 out of 27 people .
Although it is not a great result , I 've already try my best .
At last of the day , our school amnounced the mark the course house have felt .
My house with the number to tempkrarioy .
I felt hopeful she wanted my hoisd will get the cgampiln .
On the second day , my classes called me to take part the German - classes early day .
I felt very afraid because I was not good at running .
Finally , our classes got the first brought up .
We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the twce .
I implicated my class from winning the Olympic .
At last , my house got the second runher up .
I hope my house will be the chzmpuon in the next year .
" There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
We should use of public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and unfortunately we are helping the environment and the world .
It is the best that all people go to the place walking and running on the other hand it is more healthy .
There is nothing wrong with it go to the place in a car , obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper not not always .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
Is is commonly - debated that tourism has perfectly intluencex , not only the aspects of one country , but of the whole world pressure .
Whethere tourist has and a positive or a negative impact for our life , it remains quite a mark for the ignotantgs .
First of all , yourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
Compared with its development , the ability of travelling has seems to such a scake that it is the quite common to commute from one country to another .
The existence of International is tihhtlt connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not into a citizen of his own country but a global citizen .
Secondly , tourists , especially in developed countries , has lpaged an important part in their growing from an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which the economy relies merely on tourism .
If tourism influences the economy , it tbrreby influences the environment , and if it unfluences the environment it influences the transport . How?peoppe become more careful at their historical moments , this way preserving them is developed but at a small and a large space :
At a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists like to reach important places more efficient .
At a large scale , people can now travel in almost any possible way : on lns , on sea or air .
Through the development of tourism were both cruises and train vacations .
One upon a time there was a river who lived in a beautiful landscape with her brother and her 3 dauhters .
The tiger was the mpj games Amandw of 25 years old , the herders kill her parents , because the herders were out and do n't have enough food to survive , so they kill them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion near John of 27 years old , his dad died because in a concert with other animals , he had an infection .
The mom came because some things or domeoned crxg her of the leg and drop it in a cave were other animals for her .
They said when John was too little to remember and he never knew what happened so he went to all the parts for saw them even he walked and walke even at reeevrse but he never found them .
The 3 degrees are so different than other .
The first boy named Amandrz should like her mom but she is a cheetah .She has 9 years old she loves to run and she is the father of the family and have a lot of spots .
She is of the ones that minds to make something entertaining .
The second daughter named Silzabeth is a leopared is the intelligent of the family and the oldest of the daughtersd .
Had 12 years old .
Another animals gives them rewards or bonus because she discover that water was lpiqyid .
The last daughter was now who was the yiuntest of the family is a jaguar .
She start sleeping in the bed and doing nothing all rag .
Their parents were angry because she was the only one that never work .
One they animals went with Ana and give her an incentive for being an athlete or make something else than stay sleepiny .
The end .
Hello friend ,
I know you are searching for a car to live for the whole next year .
Maybe I found something for you : when I were on the house hungry to home I read a journal with some advertisements .
There is a nice flat and my home : it is perfect to someone who want to live there for only and year .
There are a little opinion , a great bedroom , a bqthroom with shoswr hut without bath and a cool living - room .
I think that you have to bringh with you qinter clothes because here there is a really cold weather !
Wdite me soon
laessija
Hello Riley , about the questions you asked me in your letter , it has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love nothing .
Last night I made a decision .
I think that you should give up from your music classes .
You have classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play plan , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in your free time you could still play plane without going to the class .
This is my opinion but the decision is yours , so when you decide it please send me a letter telling me about it .
Love , Indsz .
Hope my name is Jose and i 'm 21 years old and i'l think you would compare the summer camp very good , because of my good mother and very open for the kids so they can open up and speak .
My current job is to be a nruse at the local hospital and you can do everything as a doctor can .
So if the kids is going to hurt themselves , then you can check them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and smaller injuries .
The most exciting day of my life was the day of Jkune , last year .
I had an exam .
Every day I woke up early because I was nervous .
Then I revisxd Maths as at home , before to go at school , as at school , before to heign the exam .
When I started to read the girls I fell against and I thought that I was n't able to finish and pass that test .
But when I finished before the time I was happy and relaxed .
I always said that I passed that there and I was care of that .
And this is true .
I passed that test !
Hello Charlie ,
I 'm really enjoyed hearing from you .
Congratulations your sister for your priss .
I would like to go to a new artist dresses competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of ompetitikns of this job If I 'd had a possibility of going , I 'd already spent the tickets .
My favourite sport
When I was three years old , my parents went going with me .
At the beginning I went to the children and they taught me sikint .
It was a lot of fun , because I could not it .
At twelve o'clock in the dayttime my parents took me with them and we drve together .
My father took me between his kids , because I could drive without falling and it was fun .
When I was olsrr , I could get better my dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I would learn skkiing perfectly like my parents .
Last when I was 16 years old , my dream gets true .
I had my first snowboardlesson now I love it .
I took every free time to drink snowboard .
That was the story when I go snowboarding .
I enjoy snowoarding , because you feel free when you are driving down the piste .
You are like a good .
It is the best falling in the world .
You are very happy and sometimes I have a sog and the world is perfect .
That is everything I want to have and i 'm lucky .
That 's why I like the wimtre more than the summer .
Snowboarding or skating is the best sport for everyone who want to come to other thoughts .
Although you are all the time in the nature and when you have luck you can see animals .
It has been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Yesterday , he was on his way to home and it was getting sadk .
His parents were worried and called her a couple of times .
He started walking every hockey
Everything was common .
She open her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black sun .
A dark sky without tsars .
She got up and looked around .
She was in a part of the world where she used to go to think and relax .
She started to faks consciousness although and could n't remember how she arrived there .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to go from her house to this place .
The problem is the last thing was remember is that she has been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened with the window .
She frll sleep again , didn't she ?
If she days , can she managed to walk until there in her sleep ?
If she was n't awake , why she could n't remember anything after that ?
This situation it was really fuztratimg him to notice that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get him and have to sleep .
She started to walk to her jet bus .
She knows her way even in the area ; she has gone to this spot a lot of time , especially the last few weeks .
The development of human kind in technology is seen everywhere .
In case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century we have various options like plan that can fly with the car , trains that fast and big enough that carry kinds of people and travel hours of more and hours and boats that much bigger and faster than ancinet tumne .
Although compared to ancient times we are lucky enough that we have all these points .
However , if I have the option to choose between all of three , I will say plane .
There are three reasons to choose this .
First reason is its speed , compared to both other means of transportation it can travel faster .
It can travel thousands of miles in a couple of hours .
As a result people can save their files .
Second is safety , compared to other the chances of accidents is less .
That makes it safer to travel by plane rather than the train or boat .
Third one is comfort level .
Popan is much more more comfortable than both train and boat .
In conclusion , I will say that plane will be my first choice in all of three means of transportation .
The reason behind my choice is peed , safegy and comfort level that make ppab as my first choice .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and studying college or university , to earn money or travel , it would be the best award for a student who attendwc the high school .
The young people want to discover the world and travelling to reach places which would be necessary otherwise
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was in the beach all the afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister .
The beach is located in A Guarsa and its name is O Myiño .
There are a lot of people in the beach .
The wtaerr was very cold and I could n't ssil , then I played football in the sand of the beach .
I took the sun a very long time and then I go to a cafe and and I drank a refreshment .
It was a nice day because I spent a good time with my family .
No future for a public transport ? is this claim or not ?
will we see on our roads the public transport after 5 or every 10 years ago ? that is really so interesting question/
i think that it all depands down the development .
now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car .
yes , i agree , if you planed for travelling for a big investigation and for a long time you would prefer to do it on car , course firstly now some less time , but travel will be comfortable , you 'll have a lossibility to stop every where amd fke a oog time , as yy heed .
but if we are talking about travelling across your city , would you prefer public transport or car ?
i think that this is the Trivago for every one , and the answer ca n't be one for all , but , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause ghry slend more time fi travelling or they simple do n't like to travell wuth anothjer people .
so , on my opinion , even after 10 years the public transport will be crkssing on our street with enough amount of paesangdrs
Hello Lara ,
Thank you for your email .
My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years old male from the kingdom of Bhahrain .
I go to GYL and run on a daily basis to keep in shape and good health .
Looking forward to hearing more about you .
my village is the place where I live so I am trying to keep our environment non - polluted and valid for life .
In order to attain this goal I have to take steld and actions to protect the environment as companies :
no something in the public plaves .
increasing the number of Weeping and olants and punish the person who love them .
establishing the factories outside of the village .
protect the water resources and the sea .
guodd the people and give them of information , details and guidelines about the pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favourite restaurant its name is " Pemon " I go here every week it has different dishes from any restaurants I 'd like cyicken fluently with gasrlic sauce It 's excellent choice for me and My favourite appitizer is suwage and in orrr tnat desert I 'd rather " Vadge " caked with chocolate sajce I feel I;m at ease whsn I go there I enjoy classical music over hafkng a lunch qbou the service It 's vedy good and all staff wre resaplectable I ca n't imagine one week witiut boing therde that drives me njtse I xdvise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , qoso this restarant hz a rekative advantage in hyfirne realpy It 's exvellent This strjkingloy hing dkr anyopme despire alp of these advantages prkces are notf expensive .
Football in one of the most difficult sports in the world , you should put your body in the correct ork to throw the ball to the other eidw in the task .
I been four years practice volleyball and because of it I knew lot of people who help me to give up in the sport and life .
When I was 10 I was cbolse to play with a group of girls older than me , they were good , and I ca n't belief the experience .
Volleyball utw my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing I were in another world , in which I can be free and happy , almost of this , when I am bad , this is a distration of the university .
You should try practice its so funny , but I suppose you , is not easy at first , but you have to intent many times like you should do in life .
In afternoons , I get off from my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work which started at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play fifeos games if I do not have any homework to do .
I am not a big fan of sports so I do not play any .
However I sometimes do a skipping to for myself .
Michael wake up at the morning and he read the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting movie .
The notgicied was about a competition .
The competition is about write stories .
Michael was excited because he is great writer and he decided to compete .
First , he find an idea for the story and he decided to make the story about pirates looking for treasure .
He began to write .
The story was very good but Michael does not know how to end the story .
Finally , Michael knew true story and he went to the post office .
Michael senty the story but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake , he did n't put his name and address .
Yhe , i think TV can entertainment and educate , because there are many comedy .
Also there are a lot of pick channels .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn new things about pzsg .
Comedies are so funny , so when you are say you can watch one of them .
There are many dicsussions about the future of the public transport .
Different aspects had talked about this question and there are so several ooiniohs .
People like to have the freedom for moving comfortable and for this reason , some people usually prefer to use their cars .
Public transport usually is restrected with the timetables and you only must use the transport in the moment that the timetable let you .
For this way , many people do n't like to use the public transport because they want to move themselves when they need .
By the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is less than using your own car .
Finally , in the future , the commodity of people maybe is going to determinate the most use of the cars than the public transport .
Susan is a little friend .
Her doing is consumed red and green , red dlst top of the green to be more precious .
She does that every day after school .
Of course , she has also a little brother .
Bix skjn is colpred red , just like the father .
Dear Paul !
I haven't written you for her but I was very busy because of the exams at the University .
What about you?Egat 's been in Brazil you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organisation at the concert , which was performance last month .
So I was there something like stafv .
My work consisted of making press advertising , providing all tickets , food for musicians and things like that .
I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my boyfriend and we were there together .
When the concert finished , we went to cdloakrool to get signatures from msicjans .
I feeling like a star!Criwred of people were waiting in front of the classroom for the signatures , but only me and my sweety boyfriend got them .
People were so envious ... I liked it!It was fantastic experience .
Next time I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn one money and you have cultural experience .
It 's a dual effect !
Hope to see you soon
Jhom
The advertising is everhsite .
There are adds in TV , radio , bus , streets ...
In spite of this range of media , the TV continues being the most important means of communication .
A lot of people think that there are too many acdx on television but , is like that ?
On one hand , it 's true that one programme or services which we see , has a lot of mentions to products or services .
There can be people leading of so much advertising conversation that this is completely necessary .
There are a lot of products which have to be fridge and a lot of messages to tepoet to people .
The TV is the most acxesibl way of communication and people can use the means on this way .
In addition , then one add there are a lot of things : own country .
In the car there are , for example , the publicist 's work , the companies improvements , future sales , the private or service 's role ...
To sum up , there are a lot of adds in TV but they are negative and beneficial for everyone .
My favourite season of the year is summer .
Ahu am I making this choice you clearly can say , I love sun and good weather .
Yes it is true that during summer the temperature is very good and you can rarely stay near the sub because you can not be built by the sun .
In spite of this , summer is a very good moment to enjoy lkttgle things life gives us and have fun with them .
During summer I love to go to the beach and having sunbathing with my friends often than getting fun with them playing volleyball or till inside the water of the sea !
I think those activities are very regenertaing and that make you forget about all the sarmnsss of summer .
Furthermore you can spend more than the other times of the year and this makes you feel relaxed .
I really like to explore nature during summer too .
The wonderful coloura of flowers with the sunshine are fabulius .
Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I saw your advertisement in the USA and I 'm very interested in the position of children you are advertising .
I 'm three years old and I 'm doing a works transportation degree at university at the moment , that 's why I need to work in order to pay my fee .
I have some experience working with children from all ages , besides I do n't mind hard work and I learn quickly .
Also I 've just got my FCE certificate this year but it would help me a lot if I practised my English in a mwtive country .
I consider myself really active , social , sell - organized and above all oxtient , therefore I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily at any kind of situation or environment , especially working overawas place it would be a nice experience because I wouod mewwt new ppole and a different culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you son .
Yours faithfully ,
Teresz Wydlcki
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won swimming dompstition .
It was really important for him because he was training for 5 oonh years since he was 15 and he haven't got any achievements .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from her and made a party .
Tom wanted Mel , his girlfriend , to come too .
She was really proud of him .
She was dreaming about being his wife .
She wanted to be his wife so now .
But he did n't love her enough .
He wanted to brezi up with her at that party .
He was waiting 2 hours for her .
He hated that she is always pate .
That was the main reason he wanted to end it up .
When Mel saw she looked gorgeous .
And when he saw her , his heart started to geating faster and faster .
But time 's up .
He got closer to her and told her everything .
Mel looked zqdly at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and felt out of his homed .
He followe and aplligized her .
He said he was drunk and did n't know what he was saying .
Then he hjgges her .
He said he loved her and kissrd her dorheead .
He had to stay with her because of ... the baby .
He could n't just leave her carrhiny his baby !
No ! He has never acted like this .
He knew that he had to stay with her the first of his life and raise the baby .
He decided to give swimming up and started to taking care of Mel .
One day Me was feeling really bad so Tom to her to the hospital .
He felt that something bad was going to happen .
And he was right .
Tom has lost the baby .
Tom had to make a hard decision .
His life was going to change .
Nel was crying all day and Tom could n't share it .
He has broken up with Tom and it made her much more sad .
He did n't care .
He thought it was her film that she has lost their little wife .
Gliing in the waves
Even if I am not a very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to practice is swimming .
The sensation of being embraced by the sater , feeling the boxh quite without weigh , able to do a lot of movement that are impossible while in the air , is a wonderful state of mind .
I started to practice swimming in pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I have been taking lessons for six months , so I improved so much my abilities .
If you are not a good swimmer , you love the high part of pleasure of enjoying the water , noth in the se or in pool .
Practic swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relacibg activity .
I recommend that you do n't have to give up before trying , because is really simple and it can give a lot of switsfactions !
The sports will be prizedr by succeeding , and you can pbtaim it with pravtioce .
·Intriductiuon
This report will describe the different activities we can do in our lrisure time in Castdlldefels .
·Activities to help time
As our town is well - known for our magnjficup beaches along the Meditreraneqn class and for the Olympc Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and eindsurfing on the beach or danowning and including skiing on the Ollpic Canal .
These activities are the most popular and the most expensive too .
However , I fully recommend them , especially for lorty , adventurouw and young people .
·Others ideas to have fit
In Castelldefels , there are other activities less popular , but cheaper , for instance : free zumba masterclass , yogas each , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are learning groups , higher ...
As I see , these activities are not as popular as the activities of the Olympkc Canal and the geach , but their success is increasing more and more .
·Recommendatikn
So , finally I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both popular and the newest .
If you ttiex all the activities , you would spend a great time her , in Cqstelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
How are you ? .
I went back to her from you .
I 'm writing to tell you the best way to arrive at Spain .
You will come to the Rwus airport , right ? .
Well , the airport is located just outside Rdus , it 's small but it has a lot of services and transport .
You have to take a bus because it is more economical than take a taxi .
The bus xtops at the Salou bus station .
When you just left the bus you should ask someone for the prign Sgreet .
It 's near there .
You can walk to my house .
Moreover I send you a job in order to locate the street .
This is my address : 4 Spruce avrne .
I 'm taking your visit .
I 'd like to visit museums , monulents and going to diving with you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Best Regards ,
Mary
Dear Ssrgio García A ,
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórtes .
I am Rngineer of Edecution in Ninss , entitled in the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
I am particularly interested and I am competent to apply for the powt of Chief of operayins at the new underground project Moscow .
In first place , my qualities and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your company .
On the other hand , I have the theoretical knowledge to use new the technologies that this project require .
I am also able to lead the operations of the project responsibly and through a team work to achieve the objective and to continue with the lestige that your company has .
My work experience is very oustanxing due to I had the privilege of belonging to the " Mnirea El Rdniente " as regards manager , Chief of pperations at " Ninefa Aneina " and at the evaluation department of CODEwLXO projects .
I really appreciate your time and consideration .
It would be a pleasure to discuss consumption and I am qualified for this position .
I expect a prompt response of the Company .
Without further aro , I remain yours .
Guillermo Sedillo Tórfsz
Nowadays there are many people that are learning foreign languages , for me is a better thing that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , there are more multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that the people who know to speak foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in important companies , or will have more chances of being prpmote .
On the other hand , are more benefits , for example , if you want to travel to another a country is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand all without complications .
Finally , learning another language gives the learning the ability to step isife the mind and cpntex of the other culture .
Today globalization is bringing the world more cdlode , that means that there are more possibilities to have contact with the other cultures , for example in literature , society , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive on different aspect , so if you have the positivity of learning a new language do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
A LETTER OF COMPAlINR
Julip Camarillo
Mohtsno agenus nº2
Post Code 10237 Cáceres
August , 23rx 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to cojplaim about a recent paclage I received on Jonda last week .
I ordered two batteriws from 002545 because my mobile needs this kind of battery , but I have only receivee one battery model 001212 .
One month ago I ordrres two batteries more 002545 on your online website .
I have a mobile model Nokia 214 which needs batteries from 00255 .
The delpkvery was wrong , so now I am a huge hutryu because I need my mobile to work every day .
If I have not mobile I will not be able to work .
To resolve the problem I would like to reive the batteriuee by express post .
The delivdry error has been made by yourself , so this time , It should be sent for free directly .
If I do not hear from you within the next two days , I will be forced to contact my solciitor .
You can only contact me by email because my mobile still does not work .
I hope to hear from you soon and having my bqtteries as quickly as possible in my home .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camadollo
The aim of this report is to evalyats both bad effects and good effecta from the useds'opinions in the Acfice Leisure Club in the past time .
First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities , games which are heoc crratively and effectively and have been suitable for different ages .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in the leak house and the guiders are everywhere can ready give a help .
However , only one thing that we disoike
With the purpose to axtract more people to jobs in the club , besixes its good points , I will highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and acki they hope the activities to avoid the problems
iven is a diagram introducing the procedures of making bank notes .
Despite the bank notes are the first and indispehsable step .
People should decide the background colour and the arrwork would they have to consider the security issues .
Then , skilled machinists would pepade the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
The third secrio is to primt the prepared bank notes .
Usually there will be 50 bad notes per sheet .
The colour will print on the big sudes and every note has their unique but also the machines will be slightly taiaed .
After that , it comes to the most significant stxve , that is inspect the quality of the peijted sheets .
People usually divided the quality into three parts : good quality , Parfially damaged , and bad sheets .
As for good uality sheets and partially dxmaged sheets but still good , people will find them sepxartely and lqck them together in order to dispacting and distributing the bank notes .
If the particularly damaged sheets are bad , they will be treated as bad sheets , which will be securely disposed .
In conclusion , the diagram gives a quite effective process of making bank notes .
Although it seems to be way to make them , but every shops needs people to be very careful in order to produce the product for homes for everyone .
A HETTED PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Everything began a few years better , when Alfred , The Majoe , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in health and happiness of people .
He started to think how he could get better our lives and he found a solution .
A concerned pollution
While youngsters use their time trying to get concerned the oldest people from the vllate about the importance of the care of our surroundimgs , skilled - aged people prefer many trees around the village and crowded the full of our public places making a more attractive place to live than we used to have .
Easy rectcling
Local authorities helped this initiative creating some places for people to save their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
The resulys
As a result of this attitudes , since Alfred had this great idea , we enjoy one of the climate viklagee in the area .
People now is worried about the future of our planet and an associatoon has been created in order to pronote the acre of our planet , Green Sport is called .
We want a happy Earth .
Hello Puus Boancxo ,
I 'm writing you about the staff recruiymnet for the " New Club environment " programme .
So we needed your help with some questions about the process .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years of experience in similar prjoects , who are engineers and also have a high team work skill .
We also believe that they have specxialised studies in Cloud technology , and hostony management .
However it 's possible that we do n't find enough people with that profile so , we could accept people with one year of experience .
Is it possible to do the morning this week ?
What and where do you prefer ? ( Remember that I work from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
Finally I need you to prepare some progress that you think the staff of Nrw Cloud Generation should have , and please tell me if you find another different request than I told you before in that e - mail .
Please , answer me with the information as soon as possible .
Íñigo Ojeda .
Dear Paul ,
How 's up ?
Do you remember when I told you I had been helping at a concert ?
It was really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoy that very much .
You probably wo n't believe me but I met all members of Summer band , I talked to them and we had ouncj together , they 're very nice men . Because of helping them I had the best place during the concert and I have their authorgalhs on the newest record . I did n't hav mqby duties and nime of tjdm were unpleasant .
In general I had only one day that is chsckihg wuesy list , above that I had to help in learning qre after the concert .
But that concert was worth of my job , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
Aprking for them was a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll see each other soon and I 'll be vzpable of talking to you about this experience .
Love ,
ominika
Repolrt :
The aim of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did in your brahch in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions I think it would be worth it to takes it into account for the next course it will take place next year .
First , I would like to stand out the outstanding classmates there were in class .
They were not only really creative people but also excellent co - workers .
Wofoing collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning any subject even English .
Second , the teachers were really good skills to teach .
They managed to encourage all of us every day .
This way we made the most of us and even gave up improving our English life .
Thus , learning classes schdduled on Fridays can really in healthy .
They helped me to produce words better than before starting the course .
However , in my opinion there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's team .
This way we may been able to hear a native speaker and I think it will have been worth rpcatising .
To cope up the report must say that on the whole the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it again next year .
Yours sincerely ,
Juan Orozco
I am keen on cinema and I love to watch all types of films .
But , what films are in my Ypp 10 lozt ?
In my opinion , Bsbdl is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling story that is a top 100 best movies .
I really enjoy it because the sport is artificial and it shows different like stories of moving characters .
In addition , I think that the settings are very reallistic and the actor regards a great person .
Therefore , I recommend that drsa genre lovers watch Babel as st message will move you .
It gives that our feelings close the categories of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
My name is Mohzmed El - Shsmoun .
I am 20 years old , living in Port - Said , Egypt .
I am a student in the 3re year of the fculty of mecicime Pody - Said University .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mother .
I have one brother and one sister .
I have been doing Judo for the past 11 years with a lot of prizes .
My hobbies are travelling , funny stories and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and organizing information so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field as I want to be one of the grounds researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in European Health Orgvanization ( WaHO ) .
It is n't just a task in my mind but I wish hard to make this dream come true .
Last this years , I worked in many places such as a pharlacy , a restaurant and the water purification company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in our life so I chose this program as I want to learn and study , I want to know more and more .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer but when I changed my career to medical , I realised that Alison loved the best for me and for my consumption .
When I work anything I feel that I have the window in my hand so I can do anything for people .
One of my goalz in the life is to invest an effective dfug for one the incurable like cancer , ZIDE and hepatitis .
I asked myself many times what is the aim of our lifts ?
And what are the benefits of work and study ?
But if you are your work and realize it well , it will be deserved from everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
I learnt from research that you can do everything in light in addition a little tired can change the life for the better .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my team is travelling to all the countries in the world also , I attended a lot of congerencves in my field so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and encourage me for the community zervices anmx devdlopmwnt my sofiety as I hope to come back amd teach ghers wxt I learn .
I am writing with reference to the post of job as a camp monitor that you require in summer .
I have seen your advert this morning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a suitable person for the post .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experienced being after children from 3 to three years old . I claimed myself quite important as much that in my opinion , they are two qualities highly necessaryg for this kind of job .
I am good too at working in a team .
I do not like to be or feel alone , this could be one of my best weeks .
I really love being with people all the time .
I do not think being young will be a problem .
nstead I believe it is an advantage .
Young people are usually love - working and cayive person .
If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum activities with my telephone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
I would be really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
Is there a future for Pribtely owjed cars ?
To be honest , I am not sure .
Although privately used cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a common aspect even in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport can be the means of transport of the future .
Most people today realize that in our cities and in our city there ia an increasing problem of space and pollution .
Carbon based fuels will not less over .
I would say that most probably private care are not " sustainable " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
The population growth flrecwst tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will keep of a staggrring 3 billion human beings .
I know that it is nice to rdem a future of technological people fltint around , each of them with their own private small helkcopter .
But it is not going to happen .
I guess that in our future there are no helicopters , and not even cars .
Stastez and local authorities will have to tacole the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . T
The price our independent transport will grow dramatically .
I reckon that that will change the hsbits of the public .
Even though we will have to read the timetable and to learn again to be on time , the nice old train could become important again .
Ikmagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention on the teacher ; while the teacher asks for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they have studied in last semester .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying partly because of after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because of long vacation will let students used to have fun instead of study , and pqrgly because of sokr difficult ciurses should be continually studying .
Therefore , I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
More reasons and detail will be shed light on in the following paragraph .
To begin with , there is a general consensus , students will forget the knowledge they have watched after a long break time .
For example , on history class , history teacher have to regret teaching the history of North America before he start to teach the history of South America in the beginning of the semester .
It is very wasting time and not efficient .
Jexr to go would be , students were used to relax by having no study any homework in the long vacation .
For example , when the esmester start , students can not get away from the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
In the class , students will recall the joyful time they and instead earning attention on the teacher .
Last but not least , some difficult courses should be continually studying rather than having long a btaek time .
For instance , learning English should be a daily education , if you have a long time without learning English , you could further the vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nutshell , based on aforementioned , I totally I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
My favourite sport is the soccer .
I enjoyed this sport since I was a child , I always remember when my father and my brother teach me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player so I think that I inherued this love for the soccer .
I played soccer in different games in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am in the playing field I forget all problems .
I like to speak with my team friends .
Together we analyze the rigwl team and we choose a strategy to with the market .
when I play drivers I feel nervous but my parents give me their ujconditionwl support .
That is pricwless .
I know the heart is very important so if you provide this sport there is a big probability that you are healthy .
So if you are studying this sport you have to do it because you really like it .
if you do n't like it there are many options to practise whatever sports .
The soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it bemes .
In this case you have to be prepared for anything problem .
Finally I admire that you enjoy playing this awesome sport .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I also want to the amazing Nizgara Faplx .
Something that made me happy was to see my family .
On September 12th,2014 I went to New York city .
In the gym I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
The flight was appropriate five words where I watch beautiful movies .
When I arrived my unlcs was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
We went to the island because there he lives .
He has a really nice house and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " who looks ust like me .
In New York I want so much , I also went to the city that never sleeps , Manhattan .
My life had very awesome kinds of going to Niagarw Falks .
We went in car and it was about 8 hours long .
Finally we arrived to Jiagarq Dalps city that looks like a good place .
It does not have too much to do but there were the friends .
I was amszwd of how huge were the gslls .
They were incredible amxing and beautiful .
I take too much photographs because you do not visit places like that everyday .
Something that me me very happy was to visit my family .
My inclr Jjna lives in United States of America and I was very to hug him because I miss him a lot .
My mum Agel was very happy to see me and me too , we had like siblinys .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she said they do not seen me currently and many other parts of my family .
In conclusion I had a perfect vacation where I made new things , visit awesome places as Nizgara Falls and Tikew Squawre , recievunmg a lot of prersents and especially set a lot delicious food .
Nist attending students to University are out of the city where they have to live , so , they have an accommodation to live through their study years .
Most universities provide cheap accommodations such as , shared times and dormitories to their students to lower the living costs , where most students have lwo income .
Other students who may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartments to live independently
Agaring houses or rooms have many advantages such as , cheap , safe , screen to the university , and learn how to share everything with others . saving money and time will be more Obvious in university vehicles because monhtpy payments will be made than four times than talking an apartment , wnd because it wilp be flosef to the univedsity , saving money snhd tij is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
In spite all these benefits , I prefer- if I can - to live in an aoartment where the personality is very important for me .
Many years ago , I sharec a friend in a room for few months during a course outside my country , these days where I dark during my life , he was dirty , speaking loudly all time and did not share the budget of eating . living anyone will grant me tge freedom to live by the way tjt I xhoise and stilo friendly with all the others without excwed the privcacg of my friejds . this matter eull boy acyievsd whj living in hsared rooms .
They annoying me
Although the federal government which is considered as a role of USA has many necessary according to reading paesage , the lecture believes that there is no perfect government .
The purpose of the federalism which has more liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not less good for the lrctufe where it may create some conflitcs between the states .
An example of that is the effective of homosexual where some sttae with this marriave , others do n't .
Also , the reading passage decoares that when the general government should even save functjln independent , it still control on the main devisions .
this case causes some problems where the lecture mentioned the failure of general government to stop illegal 2010 to USA through Nevada deserf .
also the control of the federal government is the reason why lack of the states and the federzl blame each other in the increase of the unemployment in some states
In conclusion , death government which give freedom and sweet , cause many problems such as no single picture and confusion in the responsibility .
Travelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
I think that any types of trip is exoting but also have their frustrating oments .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico I would give two important advice ; first try to get alone with travel companion and enjoy Mexocan food instead to critic about spkcy savor .
People say that in every village the people suffer to different moments of the trip : arrived , get away to the frustration of an unknown place , get alone with your trip companion , success as a travel and arrived home triumohal .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico I suggest that the travel find a manner to get alone with his or her company .
This minimao chance would make a big ifference when you visit other city .
As an example , if you are able to get alone with your gravep companion should enjoy each moment of the trip , achieve some pictures , want together , and visit places with common interest such as buses or malps .
Other advice that I would give to people cycling to Mexic is that eojy for Mezica toodx .
Mexican food has a lot of teaching dishes from different states of the country .
For example , there are a lot of Italian people that does n't like about food and also most of the time could get angry with the exercise of pepper that the Kxican people used to use to preparee their food .
As advice I would suggest you to ask for wuces with lower people .
In this way the visitora would be able to enjoy Mexican food with less people and the same delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I offered that important advice for visitors that coming to my country : try to get alone with their company in order to have money and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
After the Internet was infentyed and revealed first time in August 29ty 1969 , Social Media Site ( SMS ) is the next most significant iunhovation that has partly replaced for face to face communication .
SMlS such as Facebook send out 700.000 messwes , and 170.000 Tweets were publicized on Twitter each 60 sefojds .
Unfortunately , social consequencews of Facebook and Twitter plays an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebook , Twaitter or SMS in general , are not likely to have their own personal privacy that there is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
This essay will focus on tourists and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitterd , and also comments potentiaql future of these implicstions .
Clmunicating can be achieved , regardless of distance , through Facebook and Totter .
The benefit of being from being connected globally to Facebook and Twitter is that computers can be trfansmtted almost instantly to viewers .
Firstly , Facebook and Google can be used when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and in where their negative friends are wxpreesed .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with your activities from friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining one 's own feeling within the nrrwork ( through shares posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Oldkeadpw , Quinn , & Koqert , 2013 ) .
That is to say , human behaviour on Facebook are interacted we with others by sgarign their mood , and receiving recommendations .
Thirdly , Facebook can be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
Knowledge about the members increase continualu , and moreover , maintaining relations with other housing members , and also share the same interests by the social network .
( Emerald Groh Publiwhnig , 2014 ) .
Finally , people are allowed to followa anyone who they gives enjoyable through Twitter .
For instance , by following famous celebrities , people can easily see very daily activities which are posted by them .
However , due to this , people who are being followed , or humans in general , may have less personal privacy , and also there is a high potential of being purposely aggressive towards someone .
However , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public option .
However , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily factor as a public opinion .
Mostly Facebook uses expect their friends to respond or pay attention on what they are doing .
In fact , along with agreeable and pleasant cojmehts , there are also small amounts of aggressive and even racjat comments .
First of all , people can love any reading colments which start a specific group or person .
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Temple was relrased , a fan posted an onset vacation tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was performed by Black peraob ( Rauch and Scjanz , 2013 ) .
Because of the accessible information through SzMA , it has lead to many problems involved with coffee - consuming , coffee - badgerihg , ccyls - stalking behaviour ( Kroshna , as cited in Eilliams & Mdrtwn , 2008 ) .
For example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous disturbingh a woman from a man called Mr .
She " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trizl on charges of stalkin harassment , trespassjng and consume harassment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook and Twitter , and SMS in general , may replace face to face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without have to biew each other aopeaxrances .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with friends working a second , rather than have to count them .
The probably otomes might be the most time people spend on SMS , the less communicate skills that they have .
In addition , to defend the risk of negative cvomments or posys , Cacevook and Twjttrr would improve their future to solve the less personal privacy problem .
of example , cokntrplling what posts should be sent by adding more practical options .
However , despite the Bye of these implications , people should pay attention that Facebook and Google could accept their social life by avoid using it most of the time .
In conclusion , the benefits from using Facebook and Facebook is that people can communicate and being connected to their friends frequently .
Also people can easily reduce their negative mood by shading and expressing how they feel .
In contrast , because Facebook and Twitter have been fonbected worldwide , which means suspicion personal priach is probably impossible .
Possibly , users might express awareness yowsrd each others , because of lack of privacy .
Photograhpy classes for everyone
Introduction
Teenagers are constantly incredible by social networks like Facebook , Facebook , Pinterest , etc .
Photographs are included in all of those sktea .
Also , this phenomenon of taking ohotorgaphs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capthre especially moments like bifthdazys , travels , special ocassions , etc .
As a nice ocllegs subject
This practice is considered those activities that everyone can do without any kind of special preparation .
However , teaching students how to apply better techniques in the moment of taking a picture should be considered as learning to draw .
Our skills are required in today 's world and are necessary to be developed in the education system at the same level .
Thw reasons
Recent stgudiex show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographs are taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generationa lives and hours ) .
This increased is elzted with the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellohones , etc .
Also , photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knowledge of especially skills , techniques and knowledge .
What a lovely weather today !
What a wonderful way ! There is an Wpfil now and finally feeling came .
A bright sun is shining , the snow melted away in March .
The first spring birsd cause back from the warm countries .
They are singing funny and building their needs .
People look happier .
They are going tired after a long near winter .
We set our clock forward one hours in March .
The summerime was first introduced in England in 1908 .
The days become longer and the things get shorter and liguter .
We usually set our clock sck an hour in Octoebr .
A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) one hours more .
House as a life style
Although all sports help you to have a healthy life , movie provides you more than just being healthy or fit .
What are you thinking of whenever you choose a sport ?
You think that our life still will improve ?
Well you are mistaken .
For doing different kinds of sports you need to be skilled or willing to teach new things .
What if you do n't have none of these requierments ?
Ten you only hockey is the answer .
This is a sport I have played for ten years and it turned out to be my favourite .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . in simple words ,
it 's a team sport .
However it 's not always as simple as it comes .
You have to train five days a week and you need to concentrate a lot .
On the other hand I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my life I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has became a life wryle to me .
Why will I recommend this to you ?
It would definitely help you to grow and improve as a person .
Hocksy will change the way you see the world and you are going to start see it with other eyes .
So all looking for the right sport , this one is for you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the best transport combined for environmental care .
In spite of some people make enough money to buy their own cars , electric and private cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the omes who use gas or dieseo ) so , people choose this ones and that 's because pollution is several issue that we have to eeak with .
The environmental care is taking strength every day , from kids from ancient people .
The government has many companies are maesuring the CO2 emissionw which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for providing goods for the social consune .
If people do n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bokw or buy a traditional car , and that will probably take place when the deatiny is far from the place where you live .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I think the government will slow down the usage in public transportation , that could make people to use public transportation and caring the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent the global warming .
In Russia Cry Council , people are well informed about taking care environment .
The city council has developed several computers to improve the awareness of its citizens , for example , the children learn at school how to separate the waste .
There are many ecological isloands .
Sacdh of them has three or four kinds of bins and they at home as far as two hundred meters .
There have been several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river Jarama side .
Nevertheless it is never enough , because div 's ownhers that they have most of the blame .
Since 2008 , there are many bike plaghs across the city , so the citizens will be able to avoid the car and they will get less air pollution .
The organic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is picked up every other day .
The most important thing in the environment care is the education of children .
The planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem .
A problem which was caused by us , human beings , with their target of making money without thinking of the effects .
My family is very conscious of this trouble so we make any effort to solve it .
We usually use the public transport , which has a great quality in the icy I love .
It works perfectly : it is always on time as the price is worth .
We live in a cxottage and we have several bins which were clasiifed according to the mareriao we want to recycle .
Moreover , we run an organisation which pays people who bring us the materials to rscycle .
The benefits are given to several organizations which take of care of the environment .
My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to rid of , such as bogtles or oaprs .
She is able to do such beautiful journey that lots of people are following here !
It shows that this kind of things can have a second life .
As soon as the last eived ends the southedn blreer of Egyot is uede .
The Nil ricer is the origin of the ancient Eptian civilization that counts over 6 ghkusand years .
All historical , researchers , scientists agree with this .
As as for me , I totally support this point of view .
Egypt is a kind of the river civilizatino among the huge desert Wahwra .
All over the time the Nile is the only source of water for Egyptians .
Furthermore , elevation of the water level on the river helps people to aelize the possibility of expanding the areas of fertile lzndw .
The Egyptians called their country ' Black Lahd ' to make it part of the red soil of deseet .
Nowadays , deep and wide valley of the Nile becomes the most important transport pine for gytp .
Through the centuries people have been exploring the nature of the Hile .
The ancient Egyptians divided the year for three seasons compared to ey or est period .
They knew when it will be the ' Green ule ' or ' Red Nile ' to stlck up with clean wayre .
But such high level of development of Egyptian ckvfilization has the negative side as well as positive .
The great amount of dams are built on the river that caused the disappearing of a lot of plants and animals .
Anyway , a lot of Ebyptians still living far from the main water arter of the country and hardkg can find the clean water to work .
But I hoper , as soon as Egypt become developing the government will put attention to the ecological problems that might level .
When most people think about an important historical place in Italy , they think of Duomo , in Milan .
But the Duomo is not the most important .
I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Folosseumk .
For years this building has been the sylbol of this city .
It quite ancient , but still fascinating for thousands of tourists , who come every year .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Titp , who was the Roman epmeror .
It was used for sjoes with animals or humans , who were killed without pity .
Moreover that wat were represemtex in order to celebrate Roman armu .
It is ruined through the ages , but now people understand this importance and take care of it .
In my opinion it is important because it remembers our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
However not all people are aware of it .
It 's our strength and every time I go beyond I realize how many people sucfeeded in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand to never give up and follow our dreams .
In this rawt moving world transport has become an important factor for everyday activities .
Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their daily living .
There is no point in saying public transport has no future .
Travelling through car is a convenient form of transport , but most of the population can not afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages in using a public transport .
Firestly to discuss the benefits of public transport it is cheap and affordable for all cpazs of people in society .
Variety of buses are released by the government in order to meetr people 's financial conditions .
Uwinv public transport is a time waste and no picture are some of the disadvantages .
Similarly travelling by car has its own advantages and disadvantages .
Everybody can not afford a travel through car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy any privacy during travel and is convenient
and sophisticated and can travel fasted .
To sum up with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both has equao advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think that Taipdk is too crowded .
There is no denyogn that the MRT in this city is such a convenient mjetropolitam system .
However , during the rush hour , there are always have such a duim person who was no public awareness at all .
They ovcupy top many stars , including prioriyt actors .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
They do n't respect other passengers , just keep laugvhing and reading each other , rspite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
However , I think that provide the way to letters is also a problem .
Priority seats , are preserved to those who need , not only image but also some adults need it .
Moreover , not all of them can you understand whether their bodeiw feel uncomforyable merely from their appearance , which lead to Some misunderstanding between them .
Some people even blame them for they occupy the seats instead of offer the seats .
Moreover , some like people would take this comsidwrative action for grnated and they would even command young actors or students offer their xeat without lessons !
In my opinion , the transportation in our city have nothing to criticize expect that .
Everyone should develop the awareness of public kajner .
Television is an important part of modern culture .
We depend on television for entertainment , education , news and films
TV has many benefits :
Firstly it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
TV can qtc as a catalyst to get less reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authorfs who work was adapted for the programs .
Television can teach our important values and our problems .
Educauonal peogtamming can develop young children 's sofialization and learning skills .
Thus , current events and historical information can help make young people more aware of other cultures and people .
Documentaries can help develop cfitival thinking about society and the world .
TV can help introduce both to classic Badminton films and foreign movies that they might not rather use .
Cultursl printing can open up the world of music and art for young people .
But television have also negative effects : First of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television has less exercise .
In addition , these children receive less socialization with other children .
Television also takes away from family time .
This is also true for families who eat in front of the television .
I deal with conshltjng and salrd of financial prices and services to an international bank , in the main - market and small - business .
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to the aevkse until the realizatjo of vontracts , building and maintaining relationships after the same in the aim of customer aatisfaction
I also worked with large and small teams in badkl - offices , managed many administrative activities related to motages , personal loans , contability and ivdstments too .
I worked for several years to the acquisition of new customers , to provide them with a complete service , from the account to jnsueance products , investment powers , personal loas , revolving vdedit , and cross - cleaning products .
In many years of work I have honed my skills in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and fast solutions .
ninb - stajdard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and ikppementing practical and easy solutions .
I have faced several situations always work with serenity and enthusiasm , I like to work in a multicultural and eynamic .
I 'm grateful to meet the goals of the team in which I work , cooperating with companies to achieve the games by providing my skills , always willing to learn , rspectiung other points of view together fineimg ways to deal .
I work for the same large company for 25 years , how is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
Needs to work my husband has been living in Zaaandam , I want to find a new job in Holland to rrjoij our family .
I like sports such as skiing , riding and swimming . I 've also got the rescue licewjce , I worked as a lifeguard in the summer studyunt for the patent padi dige mastee
Nowadays we all hope , that public transport can save the world .
When we need all this cars in our years , when we stay in traffic road , we think that one way we will have to use our car and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in the immortal traffic him .
But , probably , the situation is only period of development of transport .
We are told about a lot of innovations in this spheare .
For instance , Google reported about Googlemobole .
Maybe , robots will be able to drive more smart then people .
If they will contact each other and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to call accidents on the roads .
So people will be able to avoid traffic and .
Not all people like the idea of Googlemobile .
Some people think , it might take away their independence .
But missing of people think that it is not so bad idea , because they will be able to win in spite of the fact , that they are painters at the moment .
However , there will always be people who disloioe to be a frover anyway .
And people who hate public transport , there will always be .
The question is , which sort of people have more impact in the world , and , finally , who will deckde .
How many languages do you speak ?
Did you ever think of learning another foreign language ?
Or do you want to be a polggkot ?
Today it is more more important to learn a foreign language than before .
there are few reasons which show you why it is important to learn a fireigh language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak local language , it makes your town more easy and comfortable .
Secondly , for finding a good job opportunity , the business exchange is increasing in the international level , if you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some value on your profile and you can get a higher laugh .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the time you are also getting know its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than yourself 's , it enriches your knowledge .
Over these years , there are more and more miserable accidents happened around the world .
For newspapers , magazines , even foreign medium , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing severely .
Many scientists incrr that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' history .
Humans always dwsiee to have a more convenient and comfortable life , but flrget to practice and chetish the Earth at the same time .
High - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and land to build high buildings .
Various vactories emit excessive carbon dioxide to the air .
All the examples that will enhance the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter .
The hogner temperagure enhance , the worst the living quality is .
If people around the world could n't put more emphasis on our living places , we must have a dark and hopeoess future .
Due to the climate changer , the weather is so ohr that people could even have a water stronger .
Taking enough water usually , people 's body will become weak and routg .
In this living situation , instead of stays and gappinesw , there will be more light , bares and sadness .
Everyone lives in dswpair , but can not find the entrance to brightness .
The terrible consequences , are caused by the humans ' unswtisfidd capacity .
Friends , from bow , let us be the members to protect and take care of our Earth !
It was collective , but I knew I had to do it .
The udneecovered work is very hard , not just because you will wokek with dangerous people , the really danger is if you get disdcovered .
The people know that they were deceived , that the they were broken , they will roll .
You have to be ptecise , fast , and a really good actor .
The paswion for the cauze is the key to survive .
It is not something that I had to do , not you , not her , me .
I did n't choose that , this job has chosen me .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I would like to apply for the position of much relevant assistance which I can apply .
For the most two years I have joined the swimming group at the University .
I managed to succeeded in many colpefitions in the country and abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this sport , considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand I completed the first aid course , in the Fwd Cross .
The job would give me the opportunity to usr all the experience I have gained and what is more It would provide me new knowledge .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you should require further information .
I am available to attend an interview at our convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully ,
Sebastián Hernández
In our modern world , many people are sujfferwd from stress that spring from life conditions .
In addition to this , people are working in very stressful workplaces and they want to leave from this condition in holidays .
Therefore , it can be said that holidays are the best option to rendw the saouil and survive the period for people .
In holidays , people can take from daily problems and also can take more time with their friends and family .
In this respect , many people prefer to go natural places with their families in order to forget about bad situations on their lives .
For example , walking in the seaside or swimming in the wae can be helpful to forget hard life conditions .
On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clezfly their experiences about life .
People can review their decisions in holidays more accurate and helpful .
For instance , in stresafyl life conditions people can make big decisions for their future .
Besides , people underestimate emotional deelings in their workplaves .
The reason is that people must competitive their tasks in order to gain more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotilnal feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual things .
It can be clearly seen that in holidays people are getting closer and they remember their feelings .
For example , people meet their relatives that never see for a long time .
At the same time , people have a chance to go sacred places in order to renew their spirits and skills .
They can pray for Tom and it gives a relief for people .
When people remember these emotional and spirjyual subjects that can become more only . Because people need to leave the material world .
In holidays , people have managed to review their mistakes that led to stressful life .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people in order to heal their problems and stressfhl life conditions .
Also holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the seoul because people have a chance to give away modern life that has full of material subjects .
According to school , to work or to do any other activity it is not a common habit in Spain .
However , the government and the local ckunvils of big cities such as Madrid or Valemcia , are having their best to promote this management because they consider it a way of development .
On the one hand , there are many benefits of cycling .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , niiee and pollution , as well as it lwoers CO2 eissionms .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest method of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues such as the increase of higher on the roads .
Statistically cycling is gemerally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
Getting qet when it rains , having to do a lot of effort to cyclw into a strong wind , freezing weather or having to keep drinkjng when hot weather .
In my point of view , Cycling contributes to improve community education and it is possible to look for osultions to dacd the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can deny that travelling by car is much more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people taking car do not need to spend time waiting for the bus or subway .
And this undesirable time might be not so short during holidays , due to less creative schedule .
Also , we can drive a car to any place where the public transport lerhals is not able not reach .
When the bus is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhaustinh especially for a long distance .
Even though cars could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , advantages of travelling by public transport should not be nevletced .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private cars .
As we all know , the more public transport passengers use , the less car exhajsts are emitted per person .
Rexently , several studies have shown rvidencss that there is a strong telation between car eshausts and lung cancers .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in plrotecting human beings from euffefing of diseases and saving life .
Second , public transport zaves city spaces .
As more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays our cities become large and more crowded .
Corresondingly , the space for each person becomes more limited than before .
Provbided that every citizens owns a car and use it more than public transport for every travelling chance , I suppose that our streets would become a parking place and everyone would spend more time in clngesging .
Last but not the least , public transport allows people to do other things which is impossible when driving .
The drivers have to continuously pay attention to eurroundings , resulting in a tense spirit .
of a passenger , however , travelling is a complete relax .
People can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating book or just look at outside .
though there are many advantages for public transport , it does not knew that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
E.g. , it offers less flexibility than cars , and is less environment friendly than bicycles .
Therefore , it is unreasobbale to conclude that one transport can replace others .
It is better that people are aware of their pros and ones and choose a right one .
Lznguages for the future
Why many other languages ? .
We live in a world that dsg to day changes and people need to develop their skills and overvpme .
I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
On the one hand it could allows you to communicate with people , know different cultures and travel around the world without the language barroer .
Also in recent years to express yourself in English , French , kill and Russian has became something essential and very important in our lives to find a job .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
Also I consider that it goes to be hard and takes time away from doing any other things .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be priority in the future but to achieve it they will have to be mtoivared and to enjoy learning .
ria franciwcp xavier nº3 óndos , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear Yes Summer Camps ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a job .
I had a part - time job as babby - eitte and I take care of my 11 years old brother very often .
I worked in an Eastet camp too and I have already prepared lots of activities , like " rappdl " , paibtbalk ...
That is for these reasons I think I have the skills for the job .
I can be contacted for a meeting in the above area .
I hope you considerate me for the job , faithfully
Today , I went to my Winnie 's home with Adriana in the afternoon .
We are delicious food and play interesting games sltogetyer .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we September at Winnei 's home .
First , we listened to some sonys , such as almost and high big world .
After twenty minutes , we had that .
Wimnoe makes eating very much so I can easily find much food at her home .
We had mouth- watering steawberry dishes and juicy apolw juics for tea and they were extremely yummy .
After having tea , we pay hide - and - door altogefher in Winnie 's friend .
Adriahs and I hid behind a ebnch as Winbie pooed for us .
Suddenly , Qinie from over a little stone .
Adroaba and I immediately came to her and call her up . '
Your knee is bleeding .
Are you okay'I asked .
I was skating like a week and my heart is playing and I was worried about Winnie .
I had butterflies in my stomach.'Hes , I am fine , ' Alison feplied .
I felt relieved then .
Then , Adriana found a plwsterr and put it on Winnie 's wuond .
Winnie felt warm inside and smuped happy .
I felt glad today although Winnkw hurt gerself .
Why ?
It is because our friendship is more ruggesd .
What an unfoggetable day !
In my opinion the ones in the future will be better .
Some of the future will be big and bright .
Inzide will be full of convenience .
big space will be divided in a few zonjee .
Relaxation 's , learning 's , kitchen 's zones and so on .
In goise of the future there will be automatic curtains reacting to the light in every house .
Trelevisdion will be cordless , as this way as at present Internet .
Every house will be flexible .
Thanks to that it can pand or rduxed .
Everything depends on the number of people .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
Why do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sport so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's experiences , but you can keep enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness , it is a sport that can be learnt at any age but children can start to learn swimming as early as two years of age .
Swimming has different gpes ; dolouin , crawl , backstroke and best stroke .
Swimming as a sport is very useful in aieghy reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your weight , it is also the best sport for the azthmativ patients because it strengthens the cgrst muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If you will start to learn swimming , choose a place that just an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your gaw .
Hello Paul ,
I enjoyed helping at the concert which was in Antasya on August .
I had a great time with people who are working as a helper for the concert .
I got a lot of experiences from them .
In the concert time all people can enjoy but good things about how they are preoaring to concert .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparetion time .
For example they know everything about each helper 's jobs but on the same time the jts concern own subjects .
I want explain to you some interesting parts from my experience .
In the concert morning were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided do not think about the concert just do your job which would be given .
When we were arranging concert plab we must work sharinmb for all of us .
Some of them started design the stage , some of them checking whom volume and light .
My job was cnecming songs for which sisters would perform .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of singers .
They were always wanted to change some songs which was on the lis .
On the concert time I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
Actually everybody can be dangerous because they have time and effort for it .
Vinall concert started and all the ights were shining loud stars .
It is difficult to explain that feeling .
When the concert finished I felt like a bird which flying freely .
Of course I had some pain in my love because all the time I was stanring .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable products .
I want to practise you to our next concert which will be next nothing if you have any time please come and see how we are preparing for the concert .
I am waiting for your email .
See you !
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways and how we receive and using information is probably the most affecterd .
Fegarding advertisement , technology is having a huge , and not always positive impact on outdoor advertisements .
From non - amr - shadow sides posted in public places we have moved to practice live surrounded by outdol are placed in every available and imagine spot .
From buildings with enormous and bright screens to effective bus shops sugns .
The recent developments in mobile technology allows adverfisers to offer personalized convenience to each of us .
I''m sure that in the very best future , if I have been looking for restaurants in Jallirca in my computer or mobile at home , in my way to work the and on the buses i will see - which of course will be scrrene and not learned simple - will show imaqbes of Mallorcx , or an add freom trilwdvisor with Mallorca in it .
It will show me something , and it even will be useful , but I 'm also sure sometimes I will find it aggressive .
The way it takes aggressive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or Hasselt the pictures dispalyex are .
Advertisement might be considered and tired , or at least some products are really advertised , but placed on the wrong spot or sjowe at the wrong time they have the artistic side .
But , technology is hard for near our world , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I could change one things in my life , I would like to change my house .
I 'd like to have a big detached houses in pubs of Aetej or Vlacivostom .
So that I could live more freey and independently .
If I had their house , I would decorat it in modern stayl .
I could build there first gym , aardrobe -room , swimming pool .
If I had such houses , I would like to develop a harbecur area in my garej .
I could invite my friends and fruit .
Rogether we would spend time in pleasant agjosphere .
When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
Though I am a neginner of it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
When I feel sztressed off , I always play tennis to relax my pleasure .
If you are a begknner of renniw , my advice is that you need to get a suitable rocket for you first .
As the problem goes : If you want to learn something well , you would need to get the right tasks first to work on it .
Next , you are required to learn every basic skills step by step .
Since tennis requires lots of basic shops , if you do n't learn the important techniques slowly and steaeily , you may get get during the practicing .
Finally , finding a good teacher is is also critical .
A skilled coach can teach you the best skills of tennis .
Do we have better television than a few deczdes ago ?
Do we have enough chopides in the screen ?
Can you imagine about only two channels and not playing the whole way ?
That was only 30 years ago .
An edxpllsion of cgsnnels arrived to our holidays in the eighties .
In this sport we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
Number of Cahnneld are gradually reducing
In our country one dwfade ago when digital TV arrived , a lot of new channels fpurished .
All tv tend to get several oicences to distribute their tickets .
In order to resolve some deficits burgets , today there are mainly two TV groups .
Less channels means less choices .
Internet TV is increasing
It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with all watching this or that televison program .
You just follow a suggestion made from someone .
You just click on it .
he have to reduce their budget
Despite the changing channels we see the same news .
Bgi Brladcast griips are used by all of parks .
It is expensive to keep ojurnapists and camerq all around the world .
It is cheapest to buy it .
Sxymmary
TV is dying .
It is hard to compete with the Internet .
Nowadays only national or international transport groups can be in the match .
Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit .
However the fact is that there is a countdown on them .
Dear Mrs Hookins ,
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an interest
to join your small group on a trip around the world .
I am a 20-ueqr - old student for Switzerland speaking German , French and English and I am learned on travelling .
With several trips to many countries I have made original now , I would say that I have already some experience in travelling around the world .
I am interested in to going your trip , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
For the years I have been in a soccer group in which I have learned a lot about different kinds to find a way or to orientate myself in the wlidefness .
Furthermore I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Dear Stebew ,
It was good to hear from you .
Basically my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible , I mean , not only the English language but also to know more about your culture and visit nice places of your country as well .
As I told you before I ca n't afford to pay this trip alone , so my father will lit up some money to help me .
But I wanted find a job to help him with the bills .
Can you give me a jxnd on it ?
You can also help me to find a cheap place to renht .
It will be helpful if you find a small apartment near the Cambridge university where I 'll study English for 5 years .
Thanks for all your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
Best wishee
João Matos
Hi John ,
I am looking forward to seeing you .
First of all , you should better outside of the airport trouble .
There you will see his actions in the street .
When you get there take the bus which has number 111 .
Then fidw to the bus stop " Zličín " .
There you can get to the underground station and travel to the centre of Prague .
If you choose the way , I 'll call you in the morning to tell you where will we meet dxacfly .
But if I were you I would take a taxi for the uhderground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
Anyway , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait for you there .
Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasantly as it is usually at this time of year .
That 's why you do n't have to take warm clothes .
I am delighted to see you soon .
Best wishes ,
Jacog
In my opinion we should go to the restaurant because all people need a learning moment for doing work better this before .
Firstly , we can discude type of food we want to eat .
Actually , students eat a lot that food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to do food , for less reasonsd I think that the best restaurant is someone and they do hoem - made food , and a good issue is for kauns coursxew : named pottes , ateamrd vegwtqbles anbd for ddsssrt apple faje .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture maybe we would choose a special restaurant , I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , more or less a healthy environment but the atmosphere is very implrtanf clr dinner and I think that we mug vkte this , gecuase we wiko navr a glod nughf or not depending thed type of atmospbere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very for us , because normally we have spoken about books , work and students , while with this type of environment we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to know mdw sometjijg about oyherd mwtes .
I would like to go to Foster 's Hollywood .
I love the food here and I think my classmates too .
You can eat the best burgers you have even eating .
They are incredibily delicious .
I do not know how do they make and cook them .
These burgerd are my favourite food because they are amazing .
I can not say how they are because you have to taste them .
It is a fpavour similar to stay in the beach or in the paradise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you definitely love with a very good flavour in your mouth and a high smile in your face .
You will want to come another time .
However , if you do not like burgers you can eat what you want of American food and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person who has been another mwl .
Public transport plays an important role in our modern day lives .
More than a billin people use buses , taxis 's and trains etc as tourists , for work , meeting movies , going to school etc .
Many even use cars .
Though travelling by car is more convenient but it is expensive .
That is why because the cost of petrol , diesel and gax is quite high in most of the countries of the world .
While travelling by public transport can swe a lot of money in following ways :
1 . People can save the money they spend on petrol .
2 .
As they have specific routes across the country , road , city and villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on hjghwaus or even inside the city etc .
I disagree with the statement classmates above because in future we are likely to have our two classmates in society , the rich and the pole .
Middel class is diasppearing and being scarce day by age .
It is because of high tzxesz on yolds .
So , I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as they were in the stone age .
Public transport is even good for our environment rather than cars .
Nowadays people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
Some of them think that bioksw are more interesting than help film versions .
I are with this point of view .
I tend to think that there is anything better than reading a book .
Firstly , reading helps to become a well Educated person and gives a chance to develop knowledge .
That 's why you you are reading you are getting a piece of information .
Furthermore , books developed imagination of resdser .
When you are reaidngy a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
You can imagine how heroes look Like , you can omagone different views , where the action takes place .
and finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your book with you can start reading anytime you want .
On the other hand , if you like being in company the best way for you is movies .
Because you and watch it with his friend .
Also many people choose lives because they liked souvenirs and security effects .
It 's so exciting .
but all these fcators are not important for me .
I suppose that books are better than the film versoon .
To sum up , I 'd like to say deadint is really feat thing .
A girl was walking home one day .
She was with her mum ..
She was just a young beautiful girl !
So , they were going home when the girl noticee a crime doll in a shop .
She had blond hair and she was wearing a black dress , white gloces and black shoes .
Just like her ... ''Muk I love this doll!Could you buy it for me ? '' she said .
Her mum could n't deny to her , so she bought it .
Oh!The girl had so many special momsnts with her dlol!!Thuey looked so adorabkw together were like twins !
After some years the girl decided that she has to love .
She was eighteen years old , she had to be indepedent .
So she iok a deel breath and put her doll in the attic just like her childhood memories .
At light she heard some creepy noises from there ...
She went there and there saw the doll with a life in the hand , why you do n't play with me anymore you boring of me?Nust because I have only one eye?But you moved me the other hand .
Just because I do n't have one for my gloves?Bur you did it again screamed .
And then ...
Next day , going at his home her man wanted to find her dauyter .
So , she went ipstajrs ...
The girl had a knife in her kneck and on the wall there was a sentsnce,''Auy Why you leave me that way ? ''
Tennis is an individual sport .
But you have to deal with the game .
You can choose lots of places to play .
You need a good pair of shoes , a tennis racker and dime balls and person who payg with .
Although you should be good at playing backhand or forehand , you can lose finally .
This sport is not just about a physical power .
You supposed to use your value as well .
It is combination of a physical power , a etchnique and a lsntal power .
As the other sports , tennis is getting more morerj , fast and commercial .
I mean professional tennis .
Some children wanted to play things because of money or glory .
Some of them practise tennis because of their parents .
It is not faor enough .
Children should play games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , helps to physical health and so on .
You can start if you have grown up anyway .
It is never too late .
Either you can find a professional coach or just join your friends .
Enjoy !
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
My name is Adfea Cocci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement of the weekend work in your cafe , and I 'm interested to work with you .
I ' m the perfect choice for this work , in fact , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and for us food is everything .
In Italy , I attend school for worker and cook , and sometimes I cook lsabna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I was assumed in many famous restaurants .
I"m also good at dealing with people , in act since when I was younger , I have done the animator at the summer camp of Alpignano , the city where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children and subjects .
I also worked for many theater companies and I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , also if I do n't know them .
At the end , I 'm also prepared to work long hours , when I worked with my aunt in his cafe , I worked time ekfht a.m. and I tired at 9 p.m. , it was difficult but I did it all days .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Andrea Cocxcj
Easay
In today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros and cpns of studying English abroad .
Is it really worth leaving your own country for a period of time to study English ?
It is true that going abroad can open new point of views about your own learning process .
Talking with English major speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to just how well or badly you are doing .
Besides , it can be funny and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However , you will have to spend a considered amount of money in it and you will not be assured to achieve your goals at all so it would be hle to become a real nightmare if you are not focus on your learning task .
From my point of view I think the advantages overcome the disadvantages especially if you have some money dance for it .
But if you do not , there is always a solution which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
You can even you with nature sports by using some Chat Eoims online such as Skiep and others .
Football , a passion
When I was little I had tried a lot of sports , Handball , Swiking , Teniw , but my favourite sport is not one of those , it is a sport that I have never imagined : Football .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for men , not for girls , but since I tried it , I loved it .
Have you ever think about playing football ?
At first , when I started to play football I cic it with my classmates , who are all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , however , some years ago , they started to intwrgrste me when they play , and nowadays , I lovr playing football iwthu them .
Now , some women and I started to organize fwmape mafcnes , so I am more used to play with girls . I never imagine that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it take part of my life .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should buy it at least once in his or her life .
One thing you should keep in one if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to rexvive some punches .
I recommend you a great restaurant which is in the shopping center .
I have been there since , and I like it .
Its name is " The English oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
The service is excellent and the waiters are so Fuji and gentle .
The inhteriir is big , so all the class could stay better without problems .
The dedcotation is modern and fast , and it 's very all great traditional British opponents .
The food is one of the best things in the restaurant that is always tasty and fresh .
They got a lot of different didhes , traditional and modern .
They have also for a lot of different types of salaqds , pastra and pizzas .
The dessedtd was very good too .
They 've got rooginal omse , like sweet pizza , and traditional .
There is a big variety of nice creams .
This restaurant is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to spend too much money .
The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we can get there by bus or by train .
I think this is the best restaurant to go on the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually come there .
Shring whole life , famous people , such as politicians and film stars , media and accompanying them .
In my view , public person enable to gain their own life , without photographing .
In one hand , getting a public person associated with jornalist , mass - media , flashes .
amuos people are obligated to provide their life in exemplary way .
However , they still being ordinary people , they may mistakes .
People are about being dangerous .
otice any kind of failures .
It seems to me that journalist might be absolutely sick and they have defective influence on society which assess celebrities through the protection of journalistic Restaurant .
In the other hand many of stsrs would their pricacu to earn more and more money .
The value of their talent , abulities are appeared in amount of tabloids scandals .
Summing up , all over the world , are living famous people who do n't bring into the living their life .
It has ever been very useful for a long time day , neverthless nowadays , there are some people who also if the public transport was suppressed , and society would save a lot of money .
However , people should think about the large advantages , such as : people save money ; it is very comfortable and good for the environment .
Firstly , the main reason is the cost because the people who do not have a car they need to travel or come to another place and a car is very expensive .
The cars need to be repaired ; because , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes .
In addition , these people need to have public transport for travelling around the country and city .
Secondly , another reason is the global walking because the atmosphere is much polluted .
If you use the public transport , you can be less contaminating that before because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one transport .
Finally , the last reason is the comfort because you have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the centre of the city .
Besides in some cities , car can not be pakred in some places , such as : the old city and the city centre .
Sumling up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cisr of having a car .
For my point of view , I get used to walking around my city and my car is just used if I travel around the country .
We are living in a very changing world .
Today 's new things become things of past in few years .
Take an example of mobile technology , your latest habdswt , with latest configirations becomes outdted with few months after buying it .
50 years is a very long time and people lives will definitely change in such a long period .
However , the important point to discuss would be whether it would be a positive change or negative one .
Last 50 years science and technology took great leaps , internet , mobile made us more comfortable .
Today , we have all the information at fknger - rips .
Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost at new place , Google maps are always there to help .
We lead not to creal English words today , as we can quickly find meaning of any word on our monipes .
Meeting new people or selling your products , you do not needed to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platfdomrs .
Today our lives have become much more comfortable than past , thanks to progressd mankind has made in technology .
On the other hand a number of terreorism , global warming and greed became all challenges of today 's world .
Clkimwte changes due to global warming causing natural disasters and and then .
Terrorsit activities causing traffic in public life .
Corruption and greed of people in power making it difficult to trust people leaders .
If these challenges are not addreaded in coming years , making better lives for people in 50 years emergency is more difficult .
We need to remember technology is not a tool , in right hand it would be boon for us , in wrong hands it has power to drive the world as we see it today .
to who may concern ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personbality .
I read your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " That 's for me , I 'm the right person for this field of job ! " .
Perhaps , you 're wondering why I should be the other person .
That 's some said .
I 'm motivated , flexible and openmjbded person and I had a lot of experience in this field as well .
I 've worked as special trauner and as eduators since I was 16 .
I love doing social activities and planning events .
When I worked as education , I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoor activities .
I had a very great memories of these experiences and I would really like to live them again .
If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
As you requested , I attach it in your mall .
Best regards .
Personally , mobile phones are very important in my life .
I need that device near me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
They same about my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me for talk about their health .
Concerniny video - games , I agree with students that they thought just like children 's brainj to develop , that is important for them because there are a lot violent games .
However there are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a rdevklution in current society .
It is very common to use the Internet in my work for research or google information and also connect with other teachers , speak about courses and change information .
Finally , I think technological developments make us improve to the future .
Students should be like a shadow always bessjde you .
In the time of joy and sorrow .
Nothing is impossible in life but you doubty it is not easy to find sincere friends .
It does not mean you will never find one .
It is very important to interact and socialise with people to make a friend .
The more people you will need the more easy it will become for you to find a friend .
When you find one spend time with them , are vjewws , odeas and go out with them .
Friends do not have to agree on everything you want but they should share their buses about it .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
You could find a variety of articles such as politics , Business and Mknwy , sports , culture , education , Lte and style , Travels , the weather and the Environment .
there are plenty of advertisements for jobs and donstions to help individuals .
readers are able to express their opinion fresly .
They has a quxpity English language which avoids dlanh language .
As result , it is suitable for students who learn English obtains to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realised there were two disadvantages .
For example , it is not suitable for children due to official language . there were also a huge number of commercial advertisements which make the readers bored .
Overall , The Guardian is considered one of the best neaspapers in the world .
Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people are smart and economy very highly developed .
Some people think that we need in almost computers instead books
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
Sometimes then I am watching TV or I am really pleased I notice that gadgets become very useful for our life .It seems to me good opportunities to make our lives more easily .
Also it makes us more clever .
I am convinced that using getting clmpuetrs in our party life is rather good .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag .Pupil could not say that he left a book because he had all books in his gablet computerd
Some people think that it is a nice idea .
They believe that it is useless thing for our generations .
And people are sure that ekectronic things make us stupic .
They insksf on not using tickets at school .
Personally for me , I like books very much .ahen I at home I use books because I like to work and to touch the lapsr of books .
I do not agree with the people who think that types are useful .
We should use it but we are just not forget about books .
In conclusion , I want to say that that we should keep against of new technologies and try to make our lives easier
The Big Mistake
This day was full of joy and happiness , but something went wrong after when she told him that she is pregnant .
She was so happy about this new and she thought that he will be happy as well , but ...
At the moment when she told him that she is pregnant , he just frozen .
It was too much for him .
He thought it 's easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
He tried to understand what 's going on with him .
It was weird how many questions and doubts came up on his head .
Only part of him was really necessary , because to be a athed is just one of the biggest dream , but on the other hand he could n't handle this news .
This woman , who stands next to him , is his girlfriend , his future increased .
He should be happy and help her and elsbrate this good news .
They show he did n't feel anything .
All that he felt was znxuety .
He could n't handle the feeling , when she tried to touch him , to pass and bring him .
He knew that she loves him as much as he loves her , but everything was just too wrong on this moment .
Her voice , her smile and even her body was to wrong on this moment .
She could n't understand what 's going on , because it was just three weeks ago when they had a conversation about misses and family and he said that he would like to have kids with her .
And now , he just avoidd her and he is not happy about the news .
It was a big mess .
She was more than happy and he could n't handle this new .
They both knew that they love each ones and they saw about each other , but it was too much of him .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he needed a break and he had to be alone .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
To the beginning I am going to talk about what is my love sports and why I will enjoy the sport .
In fact , I do not like to do some sports during the time , but if I really need do some deforestation that I like to go to swim in the swimming pool .
Firstly , I think , swimming all is clearing .
Such as after swimming that I have a safe and a bathroom to take showet .
Secondly , I do not like to go to beach , this is because I do not like with sun and dance .
Third , swimming in the ocean is omat dangerous .
However , I like to stay in the swimming pool during the summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim but it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
Moreover , I think before any kind of sports that we should do some exercise that is because we need to relax our bodies visrt . If we do not do it that we will get dangerous while we are taken any sports .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any sports but we need to choose one kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we could not stay at home or working all the time .
Even you really do not like to do ecerckse that you can go to school .
The purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main idea to improve our quality of life .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Cáceres is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been rbeedong sheep , cow and pigs for centuries in all of the hazfd weather conditions such as high temperaturess and terrible deougbt in summer .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to be present and it is certainly necessary to maintain activity ampaigna to raise people 's awareness about the importance of a responsible use of it .
The local government is also taking strong action on cleaning green areas in different places in or around the town where citizens can spend their some time or even do sports .
That 's the reason why it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are now parks or tecreatjonal areas .
Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste system with the active cooperation of most of the cutizenship who is really concerned about the recycling of water need .
In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants are ready to osrt and recycle their rubbish taking it out to the yellow , geen and blue containers in every street .
And that is the negative point , these streets are too visible in town and it would be advisable to change the ones we have for underground knex .
I woke up today and I just remember that I was doing a peesejtation about landscapes , and the ones that do it will reward a bonus point but anyways this is n't important information .
I searchbed my family in the house and there was no one in the home , just me .
I got a bit scarfed so I search then outside in the streets .
I did n't know that a bomb not on the the city and killed almost everyone , now I have to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the rxplosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful so you ca n't distinguish wesrs for the explosion hit .
Finally in some days I found some neighbors with some food , I was starting to deal so I ate a lot .
We made some incntives about lwwe , but it was a total conflict , because the group noticed that some good was missknv somehow .
I think that someone drfays some of the food on the night while everybody is sleeping .
So everybody is going na try to enforce the last .
In the next evening I ate a lot of ateak and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around to him and see us .
In the night I was thinking about many things just when I heard some minutes .
I stalked him and it seemed that this boy has a jumo .
I stomp him and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
We were talking about this when a day just came near ; it was adorable just when he converted into a big eyes creature .
He bg my day and it hurt a lot , we tried to alert the others but it was to late , it was the group for us .
We saw that beast eating our friends and the food .
In some ways that she ribbde the food in the night and I qaks up it was good for my survival .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the end of who am I going I would not do it because I have to face all of this .
DOING EXCERCISE IS GKOD FOF THE HELaTY
Why do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do you gain while exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico , does n't practice any type of exercise , this is a big problem to our society and is the problem number 1 of why Mexico is the country with more lbese in the world .
Coijng exercise it 's an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life , while you exercise you feel well with you are well and your free body .
There 's a lot of benefits that come in hand with doing exercise like reducing or take control of your own robots , it helps you with health disease , problems with your for body , and also you can have a lot of friends while doing any exercise .
Nokw days there 's a lot of different types of exercising , you can practise any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the GYN or practice Crossfti or something like that .
Soccer it 's a great sport where you can make a lot of friends , your can stay rit , but you also need some skills because it 's not easy to generations the ball and dirbblw you 're living on the field .
I recommend you to practise any sport you like and enjoy every second you spend exercising .
Thanks and let now , you wo n't regret it .
Is there any future to public transport , for travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many diseases about the public transport who are to be disappearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about increasing in travelling .
This composition will explain the best different opinions .
Firstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
Also , unpile public transport such as buses and underground , you have much more fomfrt and speed .
There is a prrception that a car can give you the freedom of choice .
On the website of The Scotgish Government ( protecting " young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old boy exolain « - I prefer going in the car , it 's cheaper ...
There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as well . »
Although they are many positive points about private cars , they are also negative kned .
Indeed , cars increases the pollution , you have traffic contributing , and it is very expensive . « - On my waste , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Then just owning a car and looking after your car , insuranc , taxi , etc .
Probably it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Everything .
» say a 17 - 22 years old you .
Now , seriously , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any free on public transport , but also , it is xafer ,
According to The Sqigon Timew , there are a lot of traffic acidents which occurred to private cars .
The main reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
It is clear that if they took a bus or a taxi when they were crowded , it would not have as much accidents .
Finally , many develop countries on the world , such as England , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have buoot a public transport system , so the traffic may have been decreased .
As a result , the condition has been ijrceasing .
From this analysiw , it isobvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
Topic :
Do you agree or disgree " Always telling the right is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disagreement on always etllin the truth be the most important point in a realtioinship will be my opinion .
Even though being ftuthful is crucial in relationship , always tellinh the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Another reason for not tellinv the truth all the time is if it is about personal matter and it would feel like awkward to mention to colleagues or the employee .
It is better to tell a little white pje at this moment .
To further iplustrate the first point about , could hutg one 's fewlungs by telling the truth at all time .
For example , if some woman you are acquainted writing inappropriate clothes not cirting in the occaxuon .
People usually tend not telling the the truth since it could make her feelings .
Instead of doing so , people may rpaiss her with other things on her .
In that case , they could still make conversionx without boiling hsd more .
The other thing is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intsndf to keep it private since most of the time it is strange and inaplroprijate to tok oneself too much to people at work or even people that not just not acquired .
If there are questions about things one do not want other people to know , they might have a little white girl which usually did not matter too much .
If I was having a day off to go to a doctor , I would prefer other people from attending details about it by su that I just had some errxnds to run .
These are the two opinions of time on fellint the truth or not .
Last Friday , Michael and I was in the school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
When we were in the place , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he made a mistake .
Due to this , we're not came to meet the heajaster .
I could n't understood why we needed to meet the headmaster just because Michael had closed the for .
The door was n't brkek into places or fell down .
My cueiosify had put me into a big trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a lovely way and hopefully he can gain me the answer I wanted .
However , things do n't happened like what I hope .
I ended getting expelped from the school because reacher and the classmates suspected Michael and I steal our classmate - Micheal 's wallet .
I could n't imaginer the teacher and friends also pointed at us firmyl and without given any chance for us to speak out .
I finally realised that everything was a trap and we 're the unludky and innocent ones as we tdll into the trap .
We wiped off our tears , and waved out handsd when we left the school .
Although , one day later the hedmastrr found out the truth through CCTV , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change a new chooo as we know even if we go back this time , similar casex could happen her time .
This is because the teacher has a biased mindset .
Dear USAw summer sir ,
my name is Biabca Padocwsi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
I consider I am the right person for this job because , firstly , I speak fluedbt and cead English which is very important to communicate .
Also , I have a good relationship with little kids , I use to look after my nieces and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . Moreover I am very energetic , always always and ready to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of myself , as I can invent new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
I like making puzzles or games which not dunning , jumpibg which are important for the kids development .
I am not very good for cooking but because I never have time to dedicate time on that .
I think that if I watch and learn how to do it I would learn very fast and can download it .
That is a good quality of mind , I learn things very fast and I also can get used to new things .
I am very happy about this job and I hope you really soon .
Bianca
Dear number 8 .
We were ready to go and find the others , we went outside the sgwlter we built and wrif in wall near to the shelter " safe zone " and if there is someone that needs supliew he would find some supplies and make to survive .
We start our journey and going in the forest , there was a lot of # plants on our day there were various that that were sick we could n't do anything exactly for , keep going , I was seeing my little group to # dimimksh and some of us wee # allergic to some plants , I wwsz the only ons ybat has no problem with zlpl th other stiff oeople had prkblemx wugh .
I thought that maybe my # friends were actually ikmune to the infectrjon I could actually be the # revolutionary but that helps everyone that was in my # skeltick and I was really positive about it but # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself I have to thunk aqbout is it hdlp thw enitre aordl or just save a grtoup the decision aas in my hznds it was # concenitonal to hgelp ghe entire qirld but I do n't want to did . while I was thnking abojt that we found a bodu it qas a familiar body from somepne rhaf was in the grolup one of those guys we santed to dind abdx alive npty dead huz fsce sa all rltren qndc eatem aaag by htw walkers .
We need to find the ones that were still alive or at least tell us what happened to everyone , the # battle against hugnet appeared everyone was hungry and we haven't eating anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things rezd or when away by a walker so we neededs to find someghimg thaf sad a # nutritional based gold whrte we cpuldf eay ith no problem ahr be ok .
We found a situation and a restroom where we could get a rexf and take a shower to clean ourselves .
We got close to the pharmacy there was no walkers inside so we ran into the privacy and looked all the door and I got someone to check us in the night I needed some rest and went to sleep immediately .
In my area there are many railway lines and they 're often overcrowded .
But private traffic in this otw is not more present , as the result that Turin is the town of FIAT , the well known factlru .
Near to your home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy all that you need to live .
When you have to pay the telephone and energy bills , you can do that in that tobacco shops lead to your home .
If you like shopping , in the perkmetsr of the town , there are some big supermarkets , which hold many items of the main great factories of them and above .
Like all the inustriaoised countries , a connection to the Internet is granted and for each area and each building .
At the end , the taxi are present and they cover all the time , but this service is less organised and developed than the English one .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in music industry deserve to have a private life , deserve not to be under onsfant consideration .
To my mind there should be a Take between paparazzi work and the privacy of famous people .
In my opinion big stars should be able to relax and take some private time .
As far as I 'm concerned there is no one who feels comfortable when is under surveillancs of people who wait to take ipctures which shows them in embarrassing situation .
Unfortunately , this is a part of club 's ' work ' so they have to take into account .
But on the other hand , there should be some inviolability spheres of life without journalists following them all the time .
This rarely cragmenrs of life without an eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal , not famous people .
I know that catching celebrity doing cycling or tsking a dog for a week is a shockinf news for people who read tbalodis .
To my mind , they do not believe celebrities are such a normal people as everyone of us only with more money in their bank accounts
So , as you can see I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a private life and the ability of having normal lives should be also given to them .
The Mqxe Runner
I recently watched this new film based on one of the books of this worldwide known author .
As I have an interesting in trhillers , I decided to give it a bit .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of ijtrigue and mjystery which made me feel the decision to watch this film .
The film starts by pting yourself in the fpesh of the main character , which is a 16-year - old boy who fcinds himself imnpriaoned in a czges and being transpkrted to what it seems to be a camp .
He had no idea how he ended up there .
However , he soon reailses that this is not a nokal camp , which is located next to a giant and mysterious near .
The people who live in the camp pick up different rkls in order to survive and defens themselves from the menaces of the maze .
He took the role of a eynner , the people responsible for expecting the maas and look for an exit of this place .
Still , they only have the dzylight time to explore the maze , as when the sun voes down it becomes very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , having its exciting moments when the characters discover something that hidden inside the maze .
I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a museum of adrenaline while enjoying a solid history which will leave no one indifferent .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years ago and hopefully many kids , what I know about it is first of all that tall or small , anyone could play it as long as they 're determined so basically is a life long sport for everyone .
I love the sport of vollrtball , most of the time it 's quick and if you book you probably jissed something , each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player continues the location of the ball in that amount of time and then there 's fhs intensity , if you haven't seen a take go untul 32 - 30 , ajd eee rje energy on yhs floor amr heq the noise from the crowd you 're midxing out .
Personally winnijng such a set makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still makes me wanting more .
I am always trying to jump hours , hit hade , pass and set grtter , and sergs in more different ways .
I live in Mea Eltham .
My area is very clean and very green .
People there are very friendly and helpful .
It is a good place to live .
One time per week on Wednesday , robbish ats taken .
Of course garbage is sorted into different binhs .
That is very good idea , because that robnbish underground a recycling .
All my neighbors in the same way collectsd garbage .
Every body care about cleaning in the front of the house and in the garsn .
Especially spring is a lot of colours and pleasant idors .
Jane Eltham has beautiful places where you can relax from the ubsy place .
The time in my town is really fantastic .
I have recently atrn at Black Be restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecxwtagni , a little town near Catania located under the tnaw volcna slopes , and I found that restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There were two roijs , smoking room or non - smoking room .
The surroundings were dustic , yet it still felt with and cold , the waiters were very friendly and informatie .
As I was eating with my friend Morsmo and his fxtber , I managed to smple a good range of items on the menu and I really liked Cjianina beef , it was very yasty .
All the ingredients were clearly fresh and of the highest quality .
The price was n't reasonable at all , because the main came to about forty years per person , so this restaurant it 's a little expensive .
But I would highly recommend this restaurant cewspite the fact that the meal was a little expensive and I will no doubt be back for other dinners .
Drugs is a topic with a lot of ocnrroversy .
They have been Conclusion in our societies since ever .
Cannabis , heroon , spees are some examples of xubtsances that are really well - known for all of us .
Legalization of druhgs is a very used argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of the excousiom .
Margination has a link with the existence of this activity .
Also this activity is the gilyt for the attractkon of the druga because the majority of people that having drivers because they are young and its prohibitio is very stimulating .
The real problem comes when this entertainment become in an addictipn that can destroy our lives .
I think everyone has provee some kind of ilklegawl city to have fun , enjoy friends or just to rlve them , and I do not believew that behaviour is wrong because everyone needs to explain and try new things .
But we have to be responsible and have very clear that it is only something exceptipnwl and not our daily life because it is very serious as some people are not able to attend deadlines to themselves .
Finally , legalization of drugs means that they could be faxable and we know how the taxes well in our country so I do not know if it is a good idea or not .
Hi Surooq ,
That words great , I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Saudi Xeabia , I 'm going na be able to see you after a long time .
But unulvkily , I 'm having an exams on Friday so I ca n't meet you but you can take me from the school at 1:30 then we can go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find , go straight ahead onto Aljawah street and turn right before the face of USA university , after getting down from the bridge you 'll find the school on your right .
So excited to see you !
But for now .
Hof .
Dear Sir ,
Firstly , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
In that time , it is always sunny and , depending on the region , it could win .
If you want to see some beautiful scrnsry , you must go to Bracelona where you will be able to see La Dayrada Familia , which was built by Antlni Gaudi , or La Alambez in Granada , which is one of the Seville Wonders of the World .
In order you can go to vsot some muesms , like the Reina ostía or El Prado .
On the other hand , if you want to see sold wipdlkfe , you must visit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabris , where is like a little szfari , or Doñamq National Prm , which in that period you can see some migratupn birds .
If I were you and I had a completely summer to enjoy Spain , I would stay one week in each place , and I got a car in order to move between the cities .
I recommend you not to take even clothes .
I hope you enjoy your summer .
Wdrián .
Bgaret Simosonj is my favourite fictional character on TV .
He is the friend one of the Simpson family .
Bxrt is ten years old and is a thpocal American child .
He has yellow skin and big eyes , he is black and jaw getting bair .
Bwet always wears a rfed T - shirt and blue shodts .
The most important thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in his school , for this reason he is always misbehaving .
His parents and the school princioal often oubish him .
Bzrt is energetic and short student but he is also a bar student and he hates nerds .
Although he is rather naughty , he has actually a heart of too because he helps his sister when she needs him .
In the Wimpson finally all the characters are very funny .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsoms is the best csrtoon wries in history and I absolutely agree .
For me , Bart is funnjer than Homer , although most magazines say that Homer is the best character
It was one very rainy Sunday morning .
I was n't in the mood to go out away .
Everything suggested that I wo n't get out of the house for quite a while .
Suddenly , there was a never knock on the door .
What on Erath could that be ?
Who would have even bothered to pay me a visit for the blood awdul weather ?
My concerns were answered swiftly , for the man on my thrrshodl yelled : " I have a letter for Mr. Szmspn !
" I was quite surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letter for months .
I opened it and quickly changed the yext .
At first , I had observd the letter vutiously , but them I noticed my uncle 's name in it .
Although , I did n't meet him a single time , this letter was his last will and I learned that I enjoyed a good lot of money .
Vkfty thousand lojnds , to be precise .
Exultatino seizxed my mind instantly , but I soon began to worry : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
Well , the case I have done is about the town where I have been standing for last ten years .
Actually , this town is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
I am very much worried about the town where I am staying because everybody of this town is not bother about rubbish things they do every day .
First of all they are very dirty by nature .
they are very conscious with the environment and the importance of damage .
So called people of good nation are jnwctive and talkative and goswi of others not doing anything for the hetteremnt of their own town .
All the household benefit the public road towards the dciryt things easily and even do n't bother about the water of the municipal .
I see all these just my morning slak .
what I feel is that everyone who are staying the town should at least keep clean their own front places and sides surroundings them .
I am upset about it and whenever I get a chance I speak with my fellow people and look for their feedbk but they are also the same in nature .
People are not self - centred and very narrow minded .
Though they are becoming so called educated but in eezl sense they are still savage .
Dear Mrs. Wsnby ,
Yesterday I was in Green Pepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I have seen the advertisement for a job at weekends in your cafe .
I am very interested in this work and believe that my offences background is appropriate for it .
I am a Touirism student and I need to work at weekends to pay my studies .
I have worked one year in London as well in Hard Rock Czfe and 6 months as aaitre Life in Narcomi 's cafe in Berlin .
So I have experience in service , costumer care and working long your .
I know how to prepare different kinds of food : xandwiches , fish and fries , hambuhtgers , Italian pasta , etc
I am also very good at dealing with people , I have never had a complaint shesy !
I have relatively availability at weekends and also in summer .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
Please , find attached a vacation of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievement .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
Yours Sincerely ,
María Luisa Castaneda del Qcuna
Nowadays , public transport has become a more topic .
The way of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the time I live in .
As a matter of fact , car leadership have increased over the last decades reducing the anoint of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than going by a bus full of people or even worse , the use of waiting time in a long queues .
Nevertheless , you have another side to this beauty .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the one provided by the local government .
There are countries where bus is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus best rather than paying for a full car .
Similarly , people in countries with less incoke turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on the way people gtove it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and in others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
People need easy , fast and cheap solutions .
In general , using a car is easier then taking a train or a bus .
It 's just eart your house or your office .
You do n't have to go to a station by walking , catryinf weights , or suffering because of the train or the snoe .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or simply you do n't like to drive , you can find easier to take a public transport .
And all more enjoyable : you can relax running to the music and looking around , or reading newspapers and books .
Is the car faster the public transport ?
It depends .
The traffic can affect cars and buses at the same level .
Sometimes cars are faster then buses , sometimes buses are faster .
Speed trains are always faster than cars .
Speaking about money ? Travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .
But , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cars are not so cheap .
In fact , in every awspwct there are pros and cons .
What about the environment and the quality of life in the cities ?
Public transport is absolutely better .
So , even if travelling by car can be more convenient at a metro level , public transport has to be performed by good citizens and properly sipportec by governments .
Inforamo letter for CQR ( LAR 1 )
Dear Jan ,
Thanks you for your letter .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
Trom my experience working at the International company that organises music festigalsw , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
I am not sure , however that this job will keep all your requirements . .
In my case , the only opportunity I got for such activity was on the 22nd of July , when they allowsd for a relaxing day at the festival .
Happily you will get the changes to practise your English skills .
In my case , I had to ranslate a good amount of texts , and also help English tourists to get around .
Though if you are looking for additional work experience you will probably be disappointed .
All I was asked to do in the rest of the time was to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists .
All in all , the experience was beneficial .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about giving enough for a nice holiday if I were you .
When you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Take care of yourself ,
Davihs
The last few weeks have been really thing off Michael .
This whole business started to get on his nerves .
He has to cope with it , the sleep the better .
And now one thing is dear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Aqngwlina .
The one he dates is Angelina , not Malika , that 's the problem .
He ca n't check Angy just like that , they 've been friends for her .
She 's not bad .
nde he has to put stip to this without nurting naybodt .
So uex , the decision is made .
He 'll bfeak up with her .
Probably , even tomofrkw .
It all started in such an idiotic way .
The door of his room was invited , he came out of the bathrlom with just a towel around his waist and Alison happend to pop in to borrow a lightee or marcjes or something to pick up a harassment .
Tom ca n't really say what they rnded up having see - perhaos , at the time he was pissed at himself for not having nalls to get the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Mqoika 's family and so on , but this is what happlenwd .
And that definitely was not the right thing to do .
At the moment he did n't realise that .
Ohly after , when Anveliba left , Michael closed the door and there he knew he had made a nice mistake .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the point of a summer camp cpuncello curently advertised on your website .
At the moment I have passed the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
I speak English , German and Polish and as a ciuncelot it is very handy .
I am very used to dealing with young people as last year I worked at a school camp .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am tslented when it comes to entertainment people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp councellor .
I am also an accomplished sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a quzlified lifetyard .
I watch a degree from Tomasz Jaworwka , who was my boss at the scout camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to eisciss my sutiability for this post in an interview .
I look forward to heading from you .
Yours faithfully ,
DY
Well , I would like to talk about my school life .
I 'm seventgeen years old and I 'm an participants ' student from Italy , in the north .
I wish to be a treat engineer one day so I 've decided to continue my studies at University .
I 'm good at school , my kids could love it ; I have worked hard since the beginning of the school year .
These days I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from others countries .
Shopping is my love : I study about even hours a day , especially health and electronics that are the subject that I like more .
My teachers are very good at their job so I hope to be like them one day .
They not problem in my class as the majority of my cladsmates : they are useful at school and they waste time doing notrying at school and I think even at home .
The thing that more annoys me is that they copy all the time with me and the other good students .
However , I do n't hate them at all ; there are very funny and kind people with they want .
According back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studioes in London , at the Imperial college .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take the interlediate ertjficate of English and then I am going to try enerd at this school even if I know that it 's very difficult ; the Kmperial college of London is for of tgw most imkpoftant uhiversitgies in tne whol wodld .
Puerquitour : A great experience to your job .
Nowadays it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because the calories , the skills they are going to gain and all that study .
I arrived at Mexico City one month ago and I met an old friend from high school , Bcente .
We djacovered our fascination with food and ' The Puerquitour ' was not .
Then a brainstorm about meals and places to visit began .
The first day started in an important date … Txxo Dxy !
Tacintento was the place we loved and we really enjoyed alambre all pasta and grilled oniobs , accompanied by cold bders .
Dued to Puerquitour is something to share , the second day we shaeed it with Diana , one of my friends from Vancouver .
Again we ate twcoa , but this time they was solar .
The named of the place is Tavos La Chule and racps are gourmwt there .
It means that they have different taste of tfortillas -vanillps , strawberry , chupole , nlal , and ealnut , among others and szalsas -tamarind , guawvq , mango , guacamole , etc .
That day did not finish with the txcos , after a walk in Reforma and a long apuser in The Indepejcence Angel we went to movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir while we atye cars .
The days are one of my favourite , the place is soooloo nice and the decoratio and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel into the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Copmdesa , offers basketball Sport with names of famous women and lovely drinks .
Tptaoly rdcpmmended !
Mar Azul Resturant , in the north of Mexico city , was the sllocation for the fourth day of Peurquitour .
Sport is delicious there , my recommendations are breaxed shimp , care quickly and shriml Al Pastor and action water .
Next day , it was time to see more that , the place ? … El asadero Hisalguense .
You have to be stsrvig to eat a molcajete by yourself , it is just too much for the person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option or you can share it with an amazing company as I did .
Do n't forget to ask for a fifteen of beer .
Almost a week in the Puwrquitour .
The saixth ey ass to crlebrate Magda 's final test , a friend from high school , who already presented it to tst the Mwstrr Dergee ; and the farswell of Vicente , who is already at the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
Because we like the food , we celebrated eating in Memelas Pjg .
You ca n't go out and do n't eat memelas , that is like huaracxhd with igger and very delicious .
The dessert ?
Ucw cream in Teopznieves .
Because Vic was alone with a foot in the ISQ , we spent all day together .
Seventh day started with a really good breakfast , gourmet dishes and few petal tea .
Then we went to a book room and visited some bookstores downtkwn .
The plan was to dinner at Hilwria Gastrobar for all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to eat at El Huequito the rtaditional Al apsto Soecial accompanied by black bder .
The last day of the Puerquitoyr was accomplished with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about nothing and everything .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love .
Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
These first two chapters extdaced from Geat Expectatokns by Cxharles Dixkejs introduce a young boy known as Piup .
This boy has been dressed by his sister , a person who mistreats Pip and his on husband .
Sadly , Pip has no fortjne in any possible way .
Moreover , he is not a regular kid with a terrible life .
Beside this , Pip seems to be a shy and intelligent kid .
He does not use complex words when he talka , but he isdes them when he narrates .
Also , his life would be perfect to create a ark company based on the undesirabpe life of a kic who only feels cxomforfable when he visits the tombstoens of his parents .
Obviously , nobody would like to live his life , but I know everyone would tend to feel delighted reading these characters and , cibally , like home .
At last , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
He looked like a good og that lived in hell and the Devil is his sister .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the truly protagonijst and the way to tell the actiona is the reason why the story can connect with the reader .
Actually , the narrator is your orotagonist , but relilng the story as an axult .
And the author does not try to describe the protagonist with words , but with actions .
The narrator did not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name .
Also , the teacher mainly uses director dpeech , but he only uses incredible speech in just a few occasions referring to his own words .
The exception can be read at the end of the first chapywr , where the mirror saw the thought writing that he said that he would get him the fupe , and that he would get him what broken bit of food he could , and he would come to th thief at tjr Battery .
Apart from this , he must write exactly what the characters said .
The voice is in first person and has a subjective point of view .
He only knows what he seed and he thinks about it , but he does not have any omniscient pkwdr .
However , ui power could be annoying and describing the situations with a rich country and in a reflexive way too .
Also , he describws his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hait just looking at their himself .
These twistde and creative thoughts are spreqd all over the text , accompanied by even some twenty reflections like at the end of the first chapters , when he desribes the man who stole him as man afraid of the dead bodies in the gravewyard just because he saw him hujgginmg himslf .
Beside this , the characters of the movie seem to be unapoy , living a sad and boring life that pushe them to abuse our protahonist , with the exception of Joe .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe psychloogically the other beliefs , he focuses on their importance .
Atually , we only know that Mrs. Jod tried to make her husband and brother euffe and she is dangerous more about what their neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who lived in the own house .
The market descrkbhes her as woman that has earnd a good reputation being aggressive with his little brother .
And we know that Jake is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a jild , good - native , wweet - temperwr , eaa - gokingt and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
Also , the way the characters talk is compared to the way the narratot writes .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not older than more than two students , with the only ezceptiom of the thief that also about his partner in twelve long sdntences with complex structures .
This kind of schedule is iwdely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk with whortg and simple trains .
For instance , here is an extraxt of the nqrrafor at the beginning of the second chapter :
" My sister , Mrs. Nor Garyery , was more for twenty years ago than I , and had establoshwd a great competition with herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up " by hand . "
Having at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of sitting it into her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gaegery and I were boh hrought up by hanr . "
On the other hand , the rialogfues are simple and shorter :
" Now looking here , " he said , " the question being whether you 're to be let to live . You know
what a fiulke is ? "
" Yours , dir . "
" And you know what witled is ? "
" Yes , sure . "
Moreover , the choice used by the nardrator is opposed to what the characters said .
Tom uses a ric vocabulary , using a lot of mental verbs and abstract concepts that are usually inspired by concrete things .
The mxfsh point on the first chapter is good example .
Regardles , the dialogues are written exactly as they were said .
The ghief said " Who d'ye wifb ? "
This is worth as it is said , making it more realistic .
Nevertheless , the way this novel is protected is the protagonist .
The evenrs are narrated in a mystrious way , telling us what happened in a tealistic story - line without flashback .
The story is narratde as it happens .
The second character makes reference to the firet and reveals something about the thief .
Also , the slow thing is attractive .
The narrator loves not so much about him or the other characters , but he wriets about the essential things we should know through the text .
The tief disappears , but the last chapter ending makes us feel ucrious about their next meeting .
Therefore , I do not know how the story will need .
This much mystery and just a few facts can be tewd in those chapters .
All I know is that this story will not have a happy ending .
Probably , the thief will lead Pil to an hnwantwd adventure that will make him beowing up faster .
I would like to read a story where Pip endx as he stzrt , at the graveyatd .
Like another brick in the walk , another timbstonr in the ground .
I would like to read a story without cup , just a regular man who dex while he was learning to live .
Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a kid .
Consequently , reading these cyapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is more , what the author is trying to transmitg .
If the story has a happy thing , then the potential them could be getting over advsrsities ; if not , it is a sad story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She has been waiting so long for this day to come .
It was the day when she was going to meet his niologival mother .
She knew she was excited since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .
She did not feel bad about it because she loves her parents very much and she feel loved by them .
After her 18rh birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessiuty of knowing what happened to her bilogical mother and she did not gave Sarah away .
After finding the adoption papers she contacted the adotpion agency .
She concluded the lady at the office to give her the name of the biological mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her biloigcal mother would be a match for a midney transplant " .
Even though it was iklkegal , the lady gave her the name and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
A month passed by before she had the courage to did that numerr .
She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
After a few srconds , a woman Oberon up the phone .
At the beginning Anna did not say anything , she could not utter any ouns .
But then she said " Hello , my name is Anna and I think you are my mother " .
After another few aeconds of silence , Anna heard her mother thing and asking lots of questions .
They agreed to meet the next day in the park .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
Anna will be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
The most exciting day of my life .
Last summer I went on holiday in Sarddghna , in Italy , with my family .
On the first day I was very happier because my parents did n't take with us Ilaria , my best friend .
But I changed my mind when I heard at the radio that Frelix Xandman , a Swedeish singer , was on Hopiday in Zaredegna near my hotel !
I love him and my dream was to meet him , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .
Unexpectedly , the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the street and some canerss , but at the moment I thought they were making a video .
Then , I realized the book at the centre was n't a simple boy , He was Felix !
So I went toward the crowd and when he saw me he smiled .
I was really exciting !
Then I went to him and he took a photo with me .
He grabbed there a few hours and I spent the best day of my life , asking him some questions and singing his somgs .
When he left I was was her also really happy .
This was cergainlg the most exciting day of my life .
L'Albero , the Vest Pizza Westg of Italy
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Huelib neihbourhoof .
As you wants the restaurant you know the piszaa is going to be good .
The wlald are covered with yrophiee and photographs for the world best pizza .
The place is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My only complaint is there are too many delicious choices on the main , it is often difficult deciding what to ordwe .
So far I have never been disappointed .
To start , you must try the Dose Wind Ivan , it 's a feeshb , flavgourfyl salad that is served in a boel made of pizza cust .
As a main dsij , you ca n't go wrohg ordering one of their pizza 's , all are made fresh to order in their authentci Italian pizza even .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious way , the service is friendly and different .
The staff is very helpful explaining the museum to customers .
All the prices are incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 euros per person for two different dishes , drinks and deseft .
I strongly recommend this terrific restaurant to angobe who is pssxionate about great food for an even better value .
I hope you wo n't be disappointed .
The best places for young people in Dubiln
This report looks at the best places to meet in Dublin for young people from a different country .
It is based on a shrvet of the young people from Whitehall College as well as my own opinion as a pernqnent student in the area .
It shows that the majority of those surveywd are of the opinion that the best place to fixit for young people would be Temple Gar .
It offers a good variety of activities like museums , a cinema , a very large green garden and many pjbs to choose from .
The Johnnie Fox Pub was highly recommended , it offets an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a nice museum in one place .
The Oceon cinema offers a multipole choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for students on Wednesdays .
The Dublin Alex Museum was suggested by many students .
Several people said that National Bogaxnic Garden is the best place for students to meet and spend time putdoors .
On the whole there are activities to take part in and many places to visit repending on students pteferences and finnaces available to them .
It is true that people everywhere like watching sports .
Sports start being surrounded by your and can imprint a joeel of generations on the young 's minds .
In this essay both sides of the position started above will be analyzed before my own perspective is lrovided .
From one point of view , good athletes are good models to emulate for several reasons .
Firstly , watching the xucceas of such athletes , teenagers start to deserve to be like their idols and to folkos professional sports .
This means they will want to play sports , which is essential for their health .
Secondly , doing sports also teaches prkceledss life elements , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
The importance of working hard to achieve play and practicing regularly to become good at something are also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
This is a good example for youngsters to follow .
From another Bye , sometimes professional trousers are not two role models .
Firstly , sport has become business .
Many sports are are only concerned about money and time .
This can lead adolescenrs to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play work and having the day of the game or the competition .
Secondly , there are those athletes who have disgustijgly .
For example , some take proposed or fheat in order to ein at any food .
It goes without waying , that this kind of behavior seems a new message to the young .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in egxrd to professional sportsmen as good role models for young people .
On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletres can be excellent tolpe models for the youth , as much as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Dickens and the Brintr zister had the same style : realistic style .
They are influenced by the syrrounmding in which they life : Dickens the city of London while the Bronte wisters the natural landscape of the Yorkshire .
Didkenw and Chsrlofte Brongd often use the first person narrator or the point of course of the protagonist of the story .
Their relationship is different : in fact Dickens 's style is that of sentimebtal reakism in which he nixe oathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be carjcatires of the vices and virtuhes he wish to oortray , while the Bromte sisters use realistic atyle laced with Romantic xnd Gothic elemrnrs , ljke Byroic male heroes ans femzle protagonists tuxt xee psychologically complex .
The vraqph illustrates the four different sources of cinsjmption of fish and other heart in European country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given low , the overalp fish and made consumption ranked from nearly 60 grams for perdom per week to rtpughly 230 grams per person made well .
from the 4 social atr , 3 of them remaiend a greatly decline with the exceotion of chicken consumption which had risen over the 25 year period .
Many fish consumption showed little change during the period , beginning and ending at aporoximatelyh the same the level of 52 grams per person for week .
Both main consumption and the categoyr labelled beef had a dwcline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maitained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a pdam of 15 grams per person per week in 1979 down to just over 50 years per person per week in 200 and veewf consumption falling from adound 230 grams per person epr weej down to jzt over 120 hrzms pef perslm per aeke .
Chicken consumption was the only source of main consumption which elaborated stabke climbing from 150 grqm per person per week to the highest relatively 250 per person per day .
Overall , it is evident from the gdapn that some secfors declined , others rose and ones remained steady consumption over the 25 years span .
Dear Mr. Merrifield :
My name is Emitry Lavrov .
I 'm a postdl in Fusskan Cancer Rdseatch Central .
Our own work along with Alexis Hrvieuxc on his study of arpin .
Recently he has visited Losco and while we 've been teaching conversation I 've mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on local positions abroad .
And since my first interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and organizational United analysis while working in the field of cell biologht Alexks told me to try and contact you .
Our conversation with Alexis and your own publicstiobs - will express the suggestion that working in your own apartment will provide valuable opportunities to master methodological and research skills .
Not to mention the participation in pionewsring study .
My own work is dedicated to the study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in actin cytoskeleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithedlial celks .
Earliee I have a publication in PlLkS One with deseceiption of dissimilarities in organization and regulation of awareness junftioms associated with different types of action bundles in normal and transformed educational ceklx .
Therefore I studied accumulation of various zctjn - binding problems and active ksoforks within adherdnbce situation in normal and transformed celps .
On the middle of this investigation I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on the FEBS - EBO conference which will take place in Paris in the beginning of semester .
Also I 'm preparing materials for the best publication .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. There are my CV and a ciph of my papedr in the attafhment .
Dmitry alcrov
P.S. There are my CV and a lot of my paper in the artacument .
I am writing about an important historical place which is my favourite one , I am referring to Kugo city .
I visited Lto last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I waoked through the kd city , through its beautiful squares and oarks and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
There are a lot of places in Spain worth visiting .
For example , you can walk around the Roman Wall , which has been declared a protected USA President Heritage jte in 2000 because it is the only Roman Sall in the world that is complex .
I think that Lugo is very beautiful .
There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and ypicxl dishes , for example , octopus .
In Luygl , many traditional oaeties and festivals take place .
Among the most important I can mention San Frlilán and Arde Lucus .
From 4th to 12th October Lugo holds its Ewn Froilán Fiestas .
Sa Frojoán is a festival of National Tohrisy University .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's patient saint , and it shows traditional Galician cousins and folklore .
Another important festival in Lugo is Arde Lucus .
It is celebrated in June .
During this festivity , Lugo becomes the 3rd century town once again , so you can see Roman cities , Velotic wdings , artisan markets , many mhsicao events ringing place and some people and visitors get into period costumes , such as gladityors and Rlman Emperirs .
I recommend you visit Lugo in Jund because Arde Lucus is celebrated .
You can enjoy traditional Roman customs and Russian live in Qrdr Lucs .
Lugo is and incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , festivities which show and perform prepare peroors of the history of Spain , such as the Celtic pwriod and the Roman prriod .
The bigger the city , bigger the problem .
The town is the 2nd lawryest urban location in the country , providing daily large amounts of waste . "
City X " has no specific state disposal plan , but a federal law estagoishes a due term until 1st July .
ewpite it , there are a few plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .
The city is thriving on ikplewmenting new means to achieve the Council 's goals .
The system will consisg of evaluating the Council 's eco - friendly proposals .
In recommendation with the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 210 more than done , 86% of it discarded inadequatrly .
This is due to the low effect of the " Recycling Wsorms " problem over the disposal problem . "
Dit X " incinerates hospital residue , in according with legal requireemntsx , and send 7% of the garage products to recycling factories .
The recycling factories have a joint venture with the municipality to eprt waste , and show a result 20% betterd than last year .
This program represents 2% of the actors in the city , but it needs to expand .
The city has many projects such as the " Keep it clean , keep it bwahty " , while view is to promote lrlper disposal in the public areas .
Another important one is the " wt 's make it green " , responsible for increasing the green areas within the city in 150% during the last two years , considering of a combination of public and private inestyment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
A layer crucuak activity are the " Green Comjunities " , currently frrying 38% of the tltal amount of consumed vegetablws in the metropolitan area .
A mumicipwl waste policy that interests private and public sectors and the opportunity is required to solve the current problem .
The city nress a important venture to support a fubctional and sustxinable comfort of refycled rubbish .
The increase of these areas represent a aignificant improvement in the auality of life according to the USEF report of 2012 and also fits in 16 of 20 requiremdnts of a city of the future .
Most of the " Recycling Wlrns " problem is caused by this lack of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university , because you can have lots of new experiences .
For example , you can travel to new places .
Another idea is you can work , you can find a job and xrn money before you start university .
Moreover , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the exam so they need to have some time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have time , I would like to go to Russia , Rnailand or China .
But you need to earn money if you want to travel , so you can forget work and then travel .
You can find work as a waiter or in a shop .
However , some people think you should go to University University after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job related with what you want to study .
We live in a time when everything changes quickly .
A technological development make people believe that in the future everything will look like in science - giction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by amchines and robits .
We 'll have a possibility to choose on which planet we want to live .
And what about buses ?
Will people 's homes be different or still the same ?
Imagining the future , I was everything different .
The zvang - farfe and futuristic projecfs of houses will be the most desirable .
The house will have , for example , the shape of a spgsre or igloo .
Some of them might be turned upside down .
Sometimes they will be some kind of a modern art and it will be simple to describe a shape .
And what about interiors ?
In of service there will be more machines and problems with an artificial intelligence .
They will oracticakly do everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and also speak with us like an average human .
In practice there will be no holiday furniture , just machines waiting for a cpmmane .
Everything will be artificial and uncozy .
That 's how I see a home of the future .
Glad to get that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview next month !
I really hope to work with you someday !
To make sure you get the opsituon successfhloy , here are some useful advice and information you might want to know .
At the interview , leaving interviewers a good impressiokn is of great importance . Here're some tips on how to do it .
First , dressimg as properly as possible .
Businesslik syits and ties fit in well with the financial okccasio .
Suitable sressing comes beaches as effective and reliable .
Secondly , being punctualp .
Interivewers have to come with their schedule everyday so they are n't looking to spare one more minute to wait for a cxndidate who 's out somehow .
here , being prepxrrd .
As the olkde ssynig goes , well prepared is nalf done .
You 're expected to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effecyively with iontervieeers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about our company as you can not forget , you really stand a chance in the interview .
Since you 've applied for the sales assistant in the sales department , the swlrs manager will be interviewung you .
He started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
Now , he 's willing to communicate with others and take on new things so he transferred to the sales department two years ago .
He got proud very quickly because he always brought foprth new ideas and facilities the reform and development in the department .
In his area , what could most is the train chair and the capabiliries down in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
I hope what I mention above will be of some help to you .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Lots of Llce ,
Iris
Dear Sir or Madam
I write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at summer camps all over the USA .
Since my mother thing is English , Nothing of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the acorementioned position .
Additionally , as a teenagsr , I supervised a World Xib pak of eight to twdlve - barely - olds , and often introduced sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure uunts and oaper chases .
Moreover , when an undergraduaxtfe , I gave my summers working in the xollefe canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
Because of all the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
Yours raitnfully
I fond it quite difficult to find an arae of improveent given Ajdres 's outstanding overall performance .
Ter , oftentimes , being every respectfjl may play against him and although he has ywined the respect of all the people he had worked with , some of them suggest he should build up his self - confident , safer than end up starting to cover everyone 's back ans atking ownership fkt othee people 's mistjes .
If I had my own language school I would first bear in like a main vial : raising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
When I would take teaching some information about the market , that is to eau , social trends , population statistics such as age , gender and family type , potential customers and roles as well .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my lrocuct and to improve my performance but also to identify customers ' needs .
After that , I would make a list of target markets and need some strategies to attrwct them .
For instance , if my goal was to increase young people 's awareness , some strategies could be to increase online social media presence by posting regular updates about my language school on Twitter and Facebook or to offer discoyngs for siubblings .
Indeed , if my goal was to increase adult 's awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offering international events could prove successful .
However , if the target markets were both , young people and adults , offerijg riscounts for family cool could be a better choice .
The last step would be to recfujit a staff of prfesional , experienced and qualified teachers and to get an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .
Last but not least , I would test ideas and approaches on customers and staff to make success that my skating sport succeeded .
And you ?
Have you ever thought about how you can produce your language courses for example ?
I recommend you to think about it and try it .
According to recent research , there are no doubts that natural gas drilljng rigs , natural gas pipelines and underground gas storage contribute to increasing wealth of the local countries .
People who live in the case of natural gas unfrastructure sarn from a fede to several perfect more than those who live in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .
Another advantage is that developing natural ya industry equals the jobs which is profitable for people living in wheeravouts .
Exploration and extraction of the sea gad will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with gas industry for instance in exploration , making , production and disgribution of shale gases .
We can not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this industry will also create vacancy jobs .
Even if companies will hire engineers and specialists highly from abroad , there will be upgrowth in a number of job relations in gastronomy and hospital one as they need to eat and slero somewhere .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be nstant development in bastronomy and hospitality factors as well .
The Kosciuszk Institute conduxtef a research which shows that Poland can henevit from exyractinf and developinb the infrastructure of shale gas
Greecr is an amazing country with a lot of people visit annually .
When playing their vacation a lot of tourists are facrd with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Choosing where to go in Greece can be hard as there are so many choices .
There are some transport destinations that definitely win out , such as Santorini .
Sandy beaches , crystal foear stars and the friendly local are not the only things that see it apart from other islands .
Snatoruni also has a problem which is a spectacular sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another place without visiting in Grsrce is Qthehs .
Veloieve it or not , Atyenz is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
The Parthenon , the Acropolis Murum and the distrjct of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athens .
Last but not least , Xrege is one of the most spectacular islands in Greece .
After than having beautiful sandy beachse and being the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water sports like there , which are extremely fun !
Sunminbg up , Center is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam or these days are going to be enough .
In my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to perform for a long time before any exam you may face in your life .
It 's quite important to be ofganizef to get the highest score you can get in your exam .
For example , one year ago , I had my finally surgery dxam .
I had set up a plan to study all the books we had to go through for the sxcam like reviewing them twice .
The chosen required my commitment for around a 12 hours daily study for almost 3 months .
For the hard work and perfect fiscopline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .
If I had n't had such an organised plan , I would never have got such a perfect sore .
Another thing to add is not being stressed before the exam night .
It 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when cars are approachinf .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and are included in your rxam .
For example , I once had a chelistry exam in big school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
The days before my exam , I realized that I went out of time .
I had insomnai the truth of my essay , it was n't enough that I was n't well prepared but also my nerbds not torn out and that affected my sdlres tremendously .
veer zine I do everything in its due time in order not to be overly stressed and get low scores .
Moreover , if I want at yettong high scores , I agree that memorizing the details is important .
If you do n't start watching before exam with an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help you speak the details and understand the concepts you beginning every single word .
That will help you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to revixd everything before your exam .
I can recall that time when I was quite ill before my Anatrimy exam ; I could only go through the main type of each branch without going through the details .
In the exam , I had that question where it required drscvribing a concert ; amazing , I was seem to do it perfectly .
Since I have practiced a lot and seen that concept before many times , I was able to remember it .
It was just flooding without so much regret .
So , for sure having enough time to mlemorize and pactice what you learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
In zu , I believe the settunh a schedule to have a long time peparation plan is much better than having only free days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform grratly , you should start studying from day one if possible .
Do n't you think you are worth getting the highest score nod could aim at ?
In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to replace fkesil costs .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't bad for the environment .
The Cargon dioxide emissions is very small .
The biggest threat is the sxplosionh .
However , the technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is the clowrst to replace fpseil fuels .
Enregy which we are from sun and wknd is still far only a few percent of world energy production .
Thirdly , only the construction of a nuclear discovered plant is expensive .
When we have a planet , making energy from that is very cheap .
The most expensive thing in nuclear planet is to hear qualidied eprsojnel .
Besides , we need something that can work all the time .
It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of According .
If we run out of power entire cities could plunge the chaos , and this is unacceptable .
Lima is the only Sth American city which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacific Odeam .
Lkijma was counddd by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de los Tyes " .
Lima as a multicuptural tradition , then in it coincide a complex kind of azcial and ethnic groupw like mestizos , European Prruviahs which are the second largest group and the dramatic in Likax including Aymara and Quechua and Afrro - Peruvians .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigratjo , and individual influence such as the stay of Oree - Hispanic legacy with attractive monuments , called " Huacas " .
The Historic Centre of Loa was declared Worod Heritate Site in 1898 .
It is a city that keeps its history through an amazing architecture like buildings , chirches like Eaxn Francisco Church which has mysterious subnterranean catacombs ; the Real Feloile which is the last ubcredible Spanish fortress ; through their culture as well as Carnivalp , this day you can enjoy this particuoar , interesting and colorful festival because hou hze water , pauny or talc to wet your family dn neighbokr ; their ttpicl dxncd cakled " La Marinera " ; alxk rhey keep thwif history throhgh religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión ewl Señor de lks Milagrps ; thir gastronomy is snothe extraordinary qjd wonwrful examlpe about their symbols , lijke Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Slir ( wine ) , el Cevjche , pos Picaronwd , efx .
Lima is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a divbersith of historical , modern and business places .
Arcjaeological sites , beadues , valleyz , natural resources and the exquisite cuisine give Oeeu 's capital an authentic security and sigtdeeing in Japan is a unique and fantastic experience .
Decinitely , Lma is a spectacular and changing city to spend your perfect holidays .
Hi Jame ,
Last time you asked me for some information about opening a saving accpunt in the UK . I 've finished some research to find out the best savings account for you .
Below you can find a fee suggestfions of mine .
The Phone Gahk might give quite a book over for you .
Firstly , the price of interest is by 3.1% , which is quite good .
Additionally , if you open a saving account in that bank , you will get a diary as a gift .
But you do not need to pay any anual charges for having a good car .
Unfortunately , the boy does n't have sports in Spain .
And all bankimg operations must be done by phone .
The second bank , Roap Savings Bank , has many granchew in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you can make all bank operations on spot .
But there is a service charge for ownibg a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .
You do also get a gift as a new account holdee , a full state of ssucepans ( do you really see it ? ) .
All in all , I would recommend you to llen your first date account in the Hong Bank , since the price of interest is higher and you do n't need to pay any annual changes .
And doing parents by phone was actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
The financial secsiion is yours .
Take care and see you very soon ,
Yhours Agjieszka
To : gKL6@yahoo.com
From : oS7jM@yahoo.ocj
Subject : An important things to do !
My Dear Paul ,
I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the hpsen person to deal with the sleeping recording at Pafy Gaga 's concert .
It must have been my friend , Mariu Boho , who recommended me for this service .
I could n't believe my said when the phone rabg and I answered that they worked they wanted me to get at the concert as soon as possible to see how good I did in sound recording .
What can I say ?
It 's been my dream since children and now I was overwhelmed when I realised they thought at me to do this for such a great , important person in the world music industry .
I am glad that they were excited with my service .
I can hardly wait for you to see you and to share with my happiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
Yousx ,
Iojht
I have seen skiing for most of life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I was said with equipment that was very basic compared to what others use these days .
Every day as soon as I woke up I looked forward to my morning on the slopee .
My parents would take me to a fentel slope with my brother and leave us there for a wall of hours to try skiing on our own .
The temperathrd was often several degfeez balanced zero , and you would freeze if you did n't keep moving up and down the slope .
My brother showed a natural talent for the sport , but I felt more uncomfortable and svzred .
More by little I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoyign myself .
Nowadays I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural area .
Swimming is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the tight equipment .
After two years of figoorus high school subjects and past experiences , I have no doubt that the preferences I 've got sbovs are not accidental .
I am extremely interested in taking experience in the business field .
The subjects I 've pursued at my high school level such as financial accounting , commerce and economics has given me the opportunity to utiulizxe and put into lerspevtive the knowledge of understanding business countryside and has given me a solid academic oundayion .
I 've also participated in various group works and class projects while in high school .
I am planning to gain application into the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
I would love to assocuatd with extremely talented students , oectuters and even professional in order to receive a well roundwd interview to the numerous aspects of any of the preferences I 've protected above .
Academiclaky , I 've always been a very determined and tsudious individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hadrworl necessary in order to achieve a bachwlr 's degree .
I also have an indubitable protection for extra - curriculum activities .
I was the president of the Business Students Azsociayion ( BSA ) , Gea ly ( enioe product boy ) and Captain of the soccer school team .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a regular role .
Undertaking a scholarship and wdmiseion into one of the universities I have sslecyed above will probably me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school into a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I have qcuired at high school .
After I heard about the Czech Government Scholarship , I decided to make some research on China Republic before taking any step in applying .
I found out that Czech Republic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoung raspid social change and transformation , making it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to study in .
Czech universities provide high Yet of education , internationally recognised degrees , modern computers with outstanding facilities , safe and affordable education warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one if the largest are most stable countries in Europe .
Maybe all , the high quality our education will make me ready for the future .
Another major reason why I am being motivation to study in Czech Repnlic is lack of fibnace .
Also , education in Nigeria is also a joke as teachers and lecturers go on study fdequdntly , and learning in some parts of Nigeria are not safe !
Right now , I am greatly looking forward to the challenge of a university life academically , socially and menhtalkly , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business conceots coupoed with my classmates for extra - cyrrocular activities and community service , would make me a cmopetyent additim to the ang of my propoxef university and fye Czech Republic Schilarship team .
I believe that I can make a positive condition to my proposed university , as I will be actually involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy growing environment for all .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a cazpable and dedicated student who has the committment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same hand , contributing greatly to my pripowed university in more ways than one .
A dog is mj 's best friend
It is a well - known fact that people need to have communication with other people .
However , they are not always sagisfied or taken into the society .
They sewk sports in someone who they would feel more comfortable with .
The best example is an school with great qualification , a work .
Doh 's personality is one of their best qualities .
Always friendly , mainly and in a good mood , they are great to spend time with .
They feel when their master is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
It makes people forget all about their problems and conventrzte on the things that really matter .
Dog 's practices is by car the best way to bring back a smile on people 's face .
And that is what they are there for , to make people really .
These hajrg four - legged animals are also very available .
One of their iobs is to watch out their human family .
So if they see that their owner might be in danger , they immediately rwzct by barking at a person or a thing thing that money have acised it .
The stronger the bon getwden the two and their owner , the srtonger the kg 's factor will be .
It is believe that doge require a lot of attention , which is not true .
Dogs are really not that hard to take care of , talking and grolminmg do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be tired and walked regularly .
These pegs need a few walkw a day , which could also be good for their ownerz who are seriously all day at work or in school and need some physical activity .
So having a dog could also from them to live a healthier life .
In conclusion , could make really great pets .
Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you way think , but their amazing personality and the live that shos to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the onside .
So if someone really loves their pet , they would find time to pay lpto of attention to them , because , they they are man 's best friend .
Hi John !
It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Kzj adventfire " , one of the most well - known classes in our country .
First of all , we started with a tiring asswult course , which consisted of clinbinjg up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .
Although it made me feel echaustes , I found it extremely entertaining .
Luckily , I was for enough to finish the exercise without having any problems , however , you may need to raim a little big more before making on this activity .
Rock climbing was another of the challenges I had to cause .
Despite the fact that it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to reach the simply .
You ca n't imagine how rewarddjng is the feeling of being on the to of the mountain , after such a long effort!.
Furthermore , you will be able to practise cooking . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be brought up quickly , due to the contemporary support of your teachers .
Most of the most activities offices by the centre was doing .
I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out this great opportunity you , try your trainer , since they are highly qualified .
To sum up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers met with the safet rules , so you will enjoy a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
For all these reasons , this centre 's really owth a visit
Write soon and let me know if you need to know anything else .
With best wishes :
Sara .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the dssk of my room .
I checkex the address as quickly as I could and I realised that I was right , it was from Paris ...
My mother had written me after months !
Since she went to London last year I had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , what made me feel really depressed .
But I had her letter at last , so I started to read it immediately .
She told me that when I was on holidays I had to buy myself a poane ticket to Poarsi and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
It felt so good when I was that my mother had n't forget me .
I have never travelled to Europe yet so I was really nervous too , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Apllicaton for the Psof of Chief Chinese Sditkr
I am writing to apply for the post of Chief Sir Editor jsted at jobsDB on 26th February , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Dhinede University of Hong Kong .
I am profufient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandxrni ) and have over two years ' experience in publication industry .
Currently I am working in a press as an editor .
I am an aggressive , creative but careful person who can work inrepednently .
On the other hand , I am also a good team player that and work well with colleagues , presentable with a strong sense of responsibility .
Attached please find my resume and portfolio for your reference .
Please feel greed to contact me by phone at 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Chen Ki Tysu
Education is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the main door to the market market .
After parents disappointed with education systems and institutionalized education try to keep in homesdhooling a solution for their children 's education .
Although homeschooling many eyes , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a poavwd roae " , it
is a path not suitable for everyone 's cars and that compels us to zeek other routes .
Homezchoolijg should not be considered a world - wide phenomenon takes only a few countries : the UK ,
Canada , and especially the HS , can boast .
There are lots of countries that do not
accept homeschooking as a legal alternative so far and others where it is just an isolated happening .
The situation in Spain can be asdessed as " legal vacuhum " in light of our constitutional right to free
education meanwhile attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
Educational and emotilnsl freedom support this alternative way of learning .
Homechooling may also free up time for complementary activity such as music , sports , and even the family life .
Homeschooled students ' siccesw have been backed up by the results on standardize tests and the recognition of orestigjous univeritied .
Now though , before homeschookung your kids you also have to consider the same amount of roarblocks :
the lack of facilities or ewxpertisr , not enough socialization for your children , ending up being a grustrated parent without enough money to make some abilities .
As far as I am concerned I want to think about homeschooling as a wake up call for educational
systems .
Howevere , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .
As traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technologies open up as " the
solution " and nldnded learning is the future .
Gerographkc and intellectual environment around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , would be surely taken into consideration while decreasing houses of the future .
Obviously , the future also indjcates a job with more technology and very energy efficisng systems .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakea , hurrcaned and vlooda , people should have their houses built of rssustant materials .
Steel or concretre structurew would give the desirex effect in this particular matter .
Environmentally friendly ubildings will be definitely on the drawing board .
But with tecyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be likt by daylight on sunny days , to to merntion wkylihhts and solar phones on the roofs , which is more and more popular even these days .
Moreover , solart energy collectors ought to be contrpled by computers in order to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
Urban housing issuyds ( such as population growth ) will be solved by esxploiting some new areas .
Maybe it 's building dastles in the air , but houseboats and alaetments situated above the streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
Although people would keep ulling over how to modernize their tancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighboues ) , they will still see a warm , cosy bes and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a cincrdte ivory towef .
Cafch it or lose it
The alpnas and the okega of a good team is tdust .
That 's the most important point if you want to play basketball .
You must be able to throw the ball blibdly to your teammates and he has to catch it .
Otherwise the opponent will have the chance to get a point .
Are you a real team player ?
Handball is one of the most dynamic sports in this world .
Oee eighty points can be made all together in sixty minutes , if not even more .
This show how rapidly the game can change .
One lost ball can make your team the life of the games .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was only a ohbyb but with the years it been passoon .
What I love most about this sport is , the speed and the unconutional fame spirit .
If you want to practise handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
Triathlon : A famous sport through the world
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of ractisung a sport .
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work every day and as a way of relaxing , we find doing a sport as an effective way of taking the share of our bodies .
In fact , we can see many people moving and cyclihg these days whether it is in the morning before going to work or even after .
Despite these two being the most popular sports among atlets , many node are not as interesting and profitable .
One of them is triathlon , which is my favorite sport .
It consists of a improvement between three different sports , swimming , cycling and juogginy and as a result it can be extremely demandimg .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to practise it anywhere , which men I can do it bear home instead of having to go to a sports centre .
It also means I can choose the location that most pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it .
Triatulo has become more popular over the past few years and more and more people are eger to try it .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires time and is is important to establish some goals in order to keep moiticated .
You must not push yourself food car .
A gap year between school and college sounds a great idea for those that have not decided what they want to study .
However there are some questions whether it should be everyone or not .
First , I would like to put the arguments in favour of the year off .
Not everybody has the financial possibilities to pay for college , so taking a gap year to earn money to help with the bills it is time well spend .
But that it is not the only reason to take a year off .
Most of the people think that this year is to travel to other countries and spend all our time at parties , but this is not true , you can travel to develop your culture and do volunteed work , so you can become a better person .
On the other hand , many teens who take a year off end up to spend it in the wrong way .
For example , things might gone out as they had expected for multiple reasons such as not having enlfd money or not getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have all plajsd and know for post that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
Hello , my name is Lidia , I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiriny me will benefit your organization .
I am currently studying in my study and final year of a degree in tourism at the University of the World Heritage city of Cáceres , which is located in Spain .
In my third year , I met my internship as a receptionist in a ofyr stars hotel during 2 months and a job in Badajoz .
I already have classes in listening closely to customers and avoid understanding of front desk ooeratiohs .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .
I am flexible , a good team player , and capable to work under pressure .
My mother tlngue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have a lr - ubtermediate level of India as well .
Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the most activities I enjoy , in order to discdovrr new places and culthdes .
I also love meeting new people from another countries and exchangs languages .
You can contact me through f8HJ2uL@alumnos.abcd.es or must call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
" Farmer Giles of Haj " is a fantasy story written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
With in England in the first centuries of the Middle Ages , the story is about the adventures of Giles , a fvarmsr of the village of Han who bedomes a hero against his wife by dsfrating a giany .
When the dragon Chrywophyoax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not only msjaging to defeat him thinks to the magix swkfd Tailbiter , but also obtaining a huge treasure .
At the end of the story , Vikles become an independent kind .
I liked a lot this every tirstly because I love fantastic stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they bring me to another lives , making me reverse every say 's life .
Secondly it is very original because it is a sort of part of traditional friends : the hnrro is an ordinary person , kights reveal fsarful and incompetent and clashes are won with words instead of qeapons .
I would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and advenfurous and Tolkien 's ironic tyled , gasdd also on the clmical uisw of Latun words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am riting this leftee to apply for the position in USA Summer Club that I saw advertised in your local newspaper .
I am interested in working in the Educational Institutions , or in the Slical Cafe .
I have recently graduated from the Wocia Sdiejce University in Pwychology and received high degree in both my Tsahing and Shpervising Ciuraes .
In addition we have to have one year of volunteering in Youth Zupervisinh environment in preparation for our finished assingment , so I am able to be a member of your well skilled zgaff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with upbringijng my four younger siblings .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .
In the last two years I have worked in the Scoit Organizatin , helping the manager to organize activities for children .
This experience has given me the ability to cope with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the challenges of working in youth environment .
In addition , my studies and experience I have taught me to be acfurzte and efficient in Rock my work , so I would be a valuable axditiom to your team .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faothfull
Ounomir Swaick
does traveling broaden your mind ?
In my opinion , travelling does broaden your mind .
When visit different places , you get to see different envirohments , cultures , people and even different languages .
Rtavelling enable you to develop as a person in many ways .
For example , if you learn another language different from your own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regions and you improve your confidence .
Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see what your way of living is not the only one that exists .
This can help you to understand that not everyone has access to many things you do have access too , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , etc or even new water , which is a basic results and we trnd to take dor grajyed that everyoje can have some atrr to crin evenh though thid is nog rfue .
Besides , when we travel to different places we see there are many different cultures that differ greatly from our own culture , and we see how different from one another humans are .
For all of these reasons I think travelling really boadens your mind .
I want to build my career as a fully fledged researcher and academician .
To fulfill this dream a OhD devree would be the most essential footstep .
I am mostly also interested to pursue my PhD on Theoretical and Computational Chemistrg .
I have a plan to study of the equilibrium properties of conednsed - phyase systems .
I would also like to carry out my PhjR research in the development of transition metal compkerxes which can be used as drrygs against several human diseases , as xosmetids materials and as photonci and optoelrctrlnic materials in devices .
I also found Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the interesting fields of Chemiztryt because of their numerous applications .
I believe that I possess the strong moitvation and ntelledtual acpagility to build a career in one of the previously mentioned fields .
After my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of University of Barisal .
There is no future for public transport ?
The number of cars grow up rapidly , however the public transport is still in use .
Especially in a big cities , where there are traffic jams , the public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In some cities it 's even forbidden to drive through the city denyer without some special permission , so there is no other solution than use a public transport .
But what is more convenient - own car or public transport ?
Hello it depends .... When you travel with your own car you are independent .
You do not have to wordg about the schedule - you are a driver so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or sfah lpnher in some place .
You can listen to your favorite music or radio .
You are the hoss .
However , as a dricer you always have to be cheerful and watch out on the route .
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution .
It allows you to see much more in your pace .
But think about the oats .
Think how much you pay for a petrol nowadays .
Vonsuder as well how many days do you have for vacations .
Maybe your abilities are better ?
ebong back to our everyday life .
Most of us are living in a big cities and few problems with the traffic .
What if we use the public transport to get to work ?
Well , then you do n't have to worry about the parking space and you can read more books on the way to work .
Anyway , you can use the way to work as an adcitjonal time for yourself .
What else ?
Wfyer work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if the volleyball is important for you just think about the pollution .
Let 's respect them again : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : yed , there is !
Is travelling by car more convenient ?
Well , it depends !
Why just the first narration ?
The first narrator can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and makes the readrrs get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand what others think usually , but in this frictyion , the suthod invited us know what inside the madman 's mind .
Needless that the same character is talking to us , as if we were all involved in this vase , the whole thing seemed like really happened .
Facing the murder direcfly makes the horror penrtrates into our hearts .
How does you world create a word of horror to his reaeeds ?
The author created the hortibl atmosphere by describing the scsne , the didordered mind and the dound of heartbeats .
First , the same that described the mother makes readers ca n't help themselves emerging the customs in the mind .
Just like the madman 's llzn was happening right in converted us .
them comes to the ound , the heartbeats .
To my opinion , heartbeat is the elements that push the whole story to the climax .
Every time when the osundc of heatrbwats started arpusing , something ensued .
In the first time , when the madman heard the heartbeatsx of the old man , he was going to like the old man , and he did it .
The second time when jadjan heard the hewartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and imagine , in the end , he answers that he killed the man and dismembered the coifpse .
At the same time , the heartbeats also dragged the readers nervous and anxious .
Finally , I think the way the zutuor wanted to express the risordered mind of the madman is his intonatiln .
The whole story except the end of the friction he cobfeszsed the crime , then major 's used the intonation that is extremely calm and stefy , to tell the readers the process of the crue thing that he had done .
The snarl contract for the calm and the cruelty , lraves us a strong audience that the main character was rights independent and crazy .
Shivering ineiee our hearts , the horse increases .
" Let 's go to the forest to see the variety of animals which are found there " , Max told to his friends one sunny afternoon .
When all was went , they started their trip to the forest .
When they arrived there , they started to look around trying to find different types of animals such as bars , ranbits and deer .
Max and his friends took a walk near the teees when , across the river , they saw something that looked like an animalp lying on the grass."Wahag 's that ? " , Ma said aloud .
They ran quickly , crkssed the river and they reached the place where the animqk was 's a dream ! , and she is in a trap " , Anna 's friends shouted .
When they was the animal , they could see that it was suffernig , so they decided to free the result .
By this decision , Laqx took courage to open the trap , but the deer did n't move because its leg was unjured .
One of Max 's friends brought went from the river to give to the deer .
Jax did a piece of his T - shify to cuer the animal .
Afterwards , the amusement was better and it walked away xlowly .
When the day finished , Mz and his friends returned him feeling happy because they had saved the anilak 's life."What an amazing day ! " , Mzx wjisperwd to himself as he got into her that might .
The question is : whether it is possible to be famous without journalists ?
Probably not , but they are many people in show - business or politida life , who are ready to do everything to save their private life .
Generally , people may be fznous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their scandalising private life .
If you decided to become famous because of your scandalising private life , it would be silly to continue about young paparazzi .
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' It is not important what are being talking about you , it is important they are talking with you ' .
Most of celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .
That is why they are often able to have information about their private life .
Real problem starts when journalists injures not the delebritt , but its friends or family .
Paparazzi are ceul in contact with famous people 's children , that may have effective influence on their emotkonal development .
How about how who do not want to be popular because of szvandals ?
In most cases they are not doing their job as well as they can , leading their boring life .
And when finally paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just leave them alone .
Shmmaeizing , I do believe that ailt people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to suare the most important part of their life with reactions .
And I hope they understand , their way is to save their redlativex .
Yreat food is probably one of the most vgaluzble pleasures of life .
As a person who loves to eat , I consider environment , quality of food and price as the main factor to decide where should I go .
Last Friday I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Las Ficheras " .
It was wuggested by two friends of mine and according to them , because the good food and good environment .
I went to dinner with more 6 friends in order to having fun and eat good Mexican food after a stressful week .
In my opinion , the food was good but the prices were very expensive considering the quality served and the main service .
We faced conginuous problems with the offer such as : stress from another tahke setved for us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considreable delay and the bill was shown even without asking ( just because we ribished the dinner but our dirjks were still on the table ) .
For my lunch ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after that told me that she had dinner at " Ld Gicehras " before and in his opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant was just opened with lower prices and good service .
I got mum about this place and decided to go later .
" Pistola y Cdirazón Taaueia " was the first Mexican restaurant that I could eat genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and a great service .
They sevred us " nachps " with tokmato space for the while we were choosing the main diseases .
After choosing , a bottoe of fresh water was erved , again , for trees .
We chose " action " of meat with guacamole and and it was absolutely delicious .
After paying the bniol , they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit cfirming that great places still exist .
Hope ! I survived ! ! :)
First of all : YOU YOU FKF YPIR TRANSPORT AND YOUR HELP WITH THE ARROCLE ! ! !
Secondly of all , HOW QE YOU ?
And also , where are you now ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my uncured sprained ankle had gone wrong .
Last week I was borrowed an ankle support and dome crutches , so every since then it 's going better .
Furthermore , precisely today I have started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
So I should be back on jumping around in no time :) .
As you know , Malta was a big punch right in the stomach , which for zurs I would n't need ! :( .
The couae and the organization left much to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( enough enough not the parts of them ( only ! ) TQOp other participants ) , was not sufficient to avoid all the costs ! :/
Anyway , CS and magjf wqved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Italy with a smile and a warmed up heart .
And for that I went to YHNaK YOH once again .
Back hims , everything started fast -I should have gotten used to by now , should n't I??- .
So I had n't have time for much .
I have been totally immerse in looking for jobs and in the translation of the scientific words for a former student of mine .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that was a bit disappointing , both for the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earned that it sikl mean .
* Aorry , I 'm going na ( say of your native language skills once again : herw " not meaning the expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
What I doubt is the difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , ae the grade ; be up to stzndard / the task .
There again , having a whole bynch of free hours ( days !
From Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself that I was not counting on , proved itself to make friends ! ! !
I decided to get back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he loves in Madrid and quite fpose to the writer 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things dxons . Ppis I gave a rext to my ankle , which was ver much needed too !
The two - day one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
The place we were visiting was very beautiful , and haven't been because of the limitwtons for my nakls , we would have gone for a short hike .
Next I 'll be starting my first English class , which has taken much lknger than I had posted .
I have sent a lot of DCs , and have came to 3 interviews so fast , also for English courses ( one company and two academies ) .
About the pictures from amla , could you wait a bit more time ?
I haven't the time to download the ooctures ( from AKL THE THINGS that I need to work out , I was ( and is ) definitely NKT a peiority .
Do remind me again , you , if you see that I 'm forgetting , you ?
( Pleaee ! ) .
Did you ask Mario about the zpeakrrs ?
Because xahtting is why favorite than writing ;) .
I 'm good and go now .
Two to you soon , Mike .
Receive a big hug from ( HWS , FINALlY ! ! ) warm Eoain .
Global warming and its consequences in 2015
The Gjarduan 's article " World 's climate about to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9rh Nhovelber 2015 , describes the problems of global warming .
Referring to scientists at the Britsh Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be broken - dahsed by global warming - which will lead to unonown consequences on the future .
The World Meteorolovicaql Organization made known publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as well as it has cause more carbon dioxide on average by bufnnig fossil fyels .
These problems just announced recently will be issues to talk about at the UN summit in Paris in three weeks .
Then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions coulled with the El Niño cpikate phenomenon .
Stephen Belcher , sirectokr of the Mey Office 's Hxdlet Cengre , clains that humanity is to blame for climate causes as the use of temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming takes than 2C. This opinion is also reprrsented by the British Seretaru of energy and lcimate chzngd , Ambe Ruxe , go cnosiddrs the climate change to be pne of tne greatest problems in howqdays ' pokiticd eue to its consequwnces on economy , glibzl secirity ahd tur vighbt against povefty .
She stands up for a global deal confirmed on the UN summit by the leading states and therefore these climate habits should be a role - model for other countries .
Furthermore , classmates scientific Ed Haekinbs expects a cfonginuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of Central England , which had warmed 20% more than the global averdsge .
global warming in gsnerap leads to more natural disasters as flooding , hewteaves , water states and loss of harvesdtsa .
Facniy three consequences , a 4C warming would be even more dkaging according to Bdlcher .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there would have been an off made tre in Antarctica from 2003 - 2080 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this prognosis will come through according to for Andrew Shepherd , University of Leedsw , as the xtudy has alfeqdy been prpvben wrong by 57 othdd studiess .
Although the MASW study Soon a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat for this plane in terms of living considerations , environment and economy and as well as an issue of the UN summit in Paris .
The problem lies in the outdated framework in which the IWC options .
Fiftwen whalibg nations formed the USA after whale population cololapsed .
The organisation was initially set up to conserve whslss only to the rxtent that they could continue to be used by humans .
The importance of World Heritage properties trabscends national blundarues .
This quality are extraordinary so that no matter which country they are found in , and who experiences them , they evoke a sense of wohxer and admiration .
To be included on the World Yerigage List , propwrfies must be of outstanding univefsal vzlud and meet at least one of the eelectino criteria .
The World heritage list is important because it atgrcats tourists and these landmarkis are cherisued by everyone around the world .
It is also protectde by UNESCO because they had found new animals or plants ; there are ehdangerdd spices in that area or have a significant importance in history .
President Heritage is the designation for places on Eaftn that are of outstanding universal values to gumanit and as such , have been niscriebd on the World Herigage Loit to be protecyed for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
The site is the property of the country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protection the air for future generations .
Its protection and peservation becomes a concern of the international World Heritage community as a whole .
Another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the Lust is that for a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage List ; the resulptihg prestige often ells raise awareness among citizens and governments for heritage preservation .
Greater awareness leads to a traditional rule in the level of the production and conservation given to their properties .
A country may also receive financial assistance and expect service from the World Herkage Committee to support activities for the preaervatoin of its sites .
The Disadvantages of sites not included in the World Heeitage Ljst are that these cities are not tired so they ca n't protect them for risks .
Moreover they remember in the list of sides in danger without to receive Tsz .
In my opinion the sise in danger unless they not answer at ten cirteria should be primarily for UHSSCO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary try to invent new way to finance and drive the natural and cultural heritage .
Cricket is my passion .
I love playing , watching and talking about it .
It 's my first pasiom and I am following it as far as my sarliest memory goes .
Cricker is a team sport which teaches us team work , collaboeation and strict eiscipline .
It also teach us how to overcome individual wseaonesses and gain advantage of others strength to success as a team .
I started playing cricket since my early hildyood .
Even when I was a lot I started playing with girls of much higher age than me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly .
I followed crickef religiousy and have watched almost every match Indioa played .
Szchinj Tendulkar is my favorite crjcketer .
I am fan of his batting .
He has broken almost every record in cricket history .
Apart from his cricketnib skills I loved his ability to hajdfle pressure and his calpl nature in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about cricvke I will advise him to watch without of great like Sachin , Dravid , Lae and Pointing .
To learn more about Writing one should watch Akram , Ware and Mjrlo .
I will also advise reading more about creucket on crocimfo.com .
It has nice articles , views and statistics on many players and games .
Regarding bhiofraphies of some famous crjckteers will also help to understand the instruments of the games in real .
Cricket is going through rough phase due to match fixing and betting scandaps .
But I am sure it will come strong out of this and will spread its wings all across the world and once again give its lives a magnificent show .
I met a friend about one week ago , and he asked me a Trivago that I ca n't stop thinking about : What is on my Bucket Oidt ?
I ca n't work thinking about it , because I realized that I had never egopped to think about my life in such a feep way .
By the way , do you know what a Bjckdt Oixt is ?
It is a list of things that you want to do before you die .
I think is kind of say , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me frulh happy .
Abht o works before I met him I watched a very beautiful movie called " The fault in your stads " .
It 's about a women couple who are doing because of cancer , and they have different ways to think about life and death .
This movie has rouched me very early , it made me think about life and about the way people used to live without appreciate the really important things .
So after watching this movie and my friend 's question I ca n't help thinking about my life .
Now I have the feeling that I need to live more , but I have no idea what is this " more " .
Before that I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that before this I need to do other things .
It is very interesting to think that it was necessary neet someone new , from another rntirw different culture to make me think about what I want .
It is very straight that another person became curious about a very ptofound part of me that I have never thought of .
Well , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket List that I know .
However , now I have an aaful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need change something , and I think this " something " is almost everything .
People lives will change in the future , and I bet it 's not for the better .
Unlike popular understandings of History ( and even pdesumably scikentiftic ones , I must say ) , Hiwrory is not an unstoppable nrch towards " progress " , whatever that word means .
It is a conclusion process .
Rone had its hayday in the first century AD , but just trwe fenhturies later it was only a shadow of its past .
Those later period Romqms were n't even able to make the high quality cement that their ancesyors were able to make and had technical maqsgery over just a few cxenturies earlier .
And who can safely say that three cities from not humans will possess all the theoretical knowledge that they possess now and take for granted ?
No one can qssure such a thing .
But I do n't think , unless there 's another World Weae , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its oezk , and after that there will be a decline , until a new Dark Agds .
But That 's not the European War hypotesis for a peace .
A wide world car is the only case in which we would see a xramatic change in people lives in the time length of 50 years from now .
But there 's , at this day , people for a new World war ?
I do n't think so , but on the other band what the help do I know ?
The causes that will lead to a new World War may well be in existence right now for all I know , and no one , or only a few very wide and intelligent people know about it .
One day in the future another Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic even could serve again as an excuse to some country declare way to another , but the trie unedrlykng causes that actually less the countries to what face against each other would have its role in mucu okdrr timez .
As the cause of the Second World Asr had its dlots on events that were the outcome of the Frist War , a Fhirs , hypoghetical war , could have its roots on a past conflict that may well have happened already .
But over 's not digress into that , that 's all another topic that faols beyond the score of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .
To : Zal
From : Sincerely
Date : 05/30/14
Subject : nolidaya are coming !
Hi Seaj ,
It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .
My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Saunshine Holiday Canp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and why it was great !
It would be terrific if you came with me , is it possible ?
Could you sskm your parents ' permjission ?
In this Camp parents are common and do n't worry about their children because they are in the case of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire island .
In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places fun for young people allowing them to do lots of activities in safety .
There are a wide range of activities promoted by the staff all with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sport activities !
There are two swimming pools , two tennis food , on football pitch , canpeinf courses and so on that what I like most is the csuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
The Club is well - known and opens from May to October and it would be good to book within two world , it always get overbookrd for the period my parents can take days off , what do you think coming than us from the 1sty augusg to the 15ht ?
I am look forward to receiving your answer !
Best wishes .
Simoetta
The doorbell rang undxpectedly . I had happily well on the coucj watching TV .
I got up and I mnare my way to the front door .
Outside stood the most xetraordinary - looking man : he looked like a Spanish elephant huntrer .
I was taken aback , so I valldd my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriends .
She came down , but she did not scream .
Instead she started cycling .
The man as it turned out was my father , who had not mossinh for 15 years ...
I did not know that he was still alivfe .
Mlthr had always told me he had fued in the war .
I think what did the for my own time .
I was very benusesd by the situation and did n't know if I liked him or not .
In my dtams I had seen him as an jntellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an equipment or something exotic .
It was very good to see him in my home .
Now we all lived together .
Although the first days were difficult , now we all get on well .
It is great to be a whole family again .
The Grand Plae is the centrda square of Hrussels .
It is surrounded by several old buildings such as the city hall and the buildings of the corporations of the Middle Ages .
These were groups of people doing the same work , such as carpenters .
They helped each other and the elements she taught the youngsters .
Sometimes , they become very rich .
Each building is decorated with the boat of the corporation .
The architecture is unique and beautiful .
Today , most of them are hosying magazines , books and advertisements that attracts a lot of tourists , but there is also the city museum .
The square is engineer with pqvement and is a pedestrianized way .
It is an important place for the history because it is the oldest Grqnbd Place of Europe and it is a part of the latest neighbourhood of Brussels which is made of nearly paved streets , old and high buildings and , along other things , chocolate shops .
Recently , several of the buildings have been restorrs and we can how better see their beautiful buildings and carvngs .
Every gear , when Chdistmas comes , there is an amazing show with music and lights on the façafss of the buildings while a huge car there is placed in the center of the square .
Wawel Royal Czstoe is one of the highest ranked moments in the history and culture of Oolane and Europe , so during the way in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
The first Caagle , called olatium , was built in 11th century , the remains of it are still visible inside the szlls .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in 6t century finally rebuiot in a Renaissance fashion , which renaihed unchanged until today - the most responsible remnant is probably famous arcaded vkutyard .
During the tour the prices are known several types and apartaments , as well as Royal Orivare Apartaments with far - famed tapestries of Poljeh ' kings cvollecgion .
Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Crdown Treasury , where Pokish coronation insignia were stored , and armouyr .
Apart from the featured , there are also many mavellous exhibitions in the Castle conrainong its history as well as the other collevyions .
Some visiting Wawel Royal Castle one can not keep seeing Night 's Den - a cavew under the Castle , where , according to the oldest legends , the ragon of Wxweo life .
I recommend visiting Wawel orhal Casfle because of its beauty and uniqueness .
It is a symbol of all those years of the Polish history and cultures .
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and for certain it will be a memorable experience .
I has been learning English as a second language since I was three years old , which means a very long time ago .
I think I am very much then because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a natural way , with books and tojgh lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother language .
Moreover , I travelled to England and worked with English families for a few weeks every summer since I started learning until I was three years old .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and quite quite good English .
Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge about English grammar rules , I can make myself understood in a normal conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without making good many mistakes .
One year ago I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking It would be not very difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to work for a creative writing course in order to practise my writing skills .
Aponjg the course I had to accompolpish some writing assignmdngs and submit them to be rfaluated by my peers .
And there I realised at least two things : the first one that it is possible to learn how to write better ; and second on that even when you can make tourists carefully hnderxtood , It is not so easy to be predisd .
A nagician uew a dove and a black boy , but it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know how to perform the task .
In the same way I had the ideas and the wore but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of nature if I wanted to do the move out of precise and stylish writing .
Adolesdenec .
Everybody say it 's the best person in our yole life ; what they do n't remember is that it could be also the qorst .
Adolescece could be compared to a cpggy oath and even when it seems you can see something there it , in reality you do n't .
This air fog is composed by our uncxontrolled emotions .
Everything is done , but we try to say that we know a lot of things .
This could be one of the reason why we get angry so easily and so often with our parents : every time we descover something new or we say something , they just us or the beginning some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that they confuxs our mind .
As I said adolescents could be very xonfusec and if there 's a thing that set under our mind is when omx eat something and then tell us to do the opponent one .
The sorsy way is that they get wrong with us !
We 're confused , they 're not close and then they slos very angry and they 're surprised when we get back at them !
It 's true that we should always be respectful but sometimes it gurns out to be impossible because they do everything to provide us .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a sort of accordahcr , because in the end we do n't only feel anger for them but also a lot of love .
Love : That 's a new feeling that adolescents have to face .
It 's not the usual love they 're used to feel , as love for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of loces .
It 's a kind of love that strugfles ; it makes butterflies run in our stomach , it makes us live into a sort of maginary tzl .
That kind of love that we see in movies and we care of ; the type of love that does n't make us feel simple at night .
It is a perkdo in which we have our first experiences , and it is as dcaru as exciting .
Asolescence it is like this , there 's a moment that looks magical and in the following one you driwn into the world .
Dear group leader ,
First of all , I would like to thank you for the internet sjown to our small village .
I really hope that you have a nice welcome and , please , feel at home .
Hers , in Malllrca , there are a lot of places to visit but I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , noise and crowded beaches .
On the earth of Mallorca you will find a small and beautiful village called Artà .
In the municipal of Artà you will find a cdoasfer town , situated on the edge of the mountain range of Llevant .
Sa Colònia de Sant Pere is a rradifional fishermem gillage .
Nowadays , you can still see some fishermen facing on the seasohte .
Nerd your adventure ssrts .
In order to get to your destination you must take a bicycle and just enjoy the splendid oanorwmic views .
You will live until Ca los fasns , one of the most enigmatical beaches of Mallorca .
This zone is part of a plrotecged area , a natural park .
For that reason , you must go taking a bike or walking .
As Machado said " she have family all andar " .
It means that the most important is the way , the journey .
Going on a vik near the seashkre with the greee of the sea is one of the most relainb experiences in life .
On the way to Ca low cans , you will see the typical Mwfiterranean restaurant .
There are a lot of trees called " tamarepls " , negative trees of the coast of Mallorca .
Moreover , you will go between two ancient obelisks which have been recently rwsored .
Finally , you will get to Ca los Cans .
It is a special beach with these instead of san and surrounded by treew instead of houses .
There you can practise different sports .
It is a perfect place to go moving because you can see different fdsihes , see urchind and sesweed .
There you can all take a dahoe and paddle in the knows way .
A part from sports , you should notice all different cultural points .
On the one hand , there is what remains standing of edificxticatiins that are used to keep the small botsx of the local fisherken save from storms .
On the other hand , there is a prehistorical towdr called " Talaiot " .
The function of the Talaiots is not clear why .
Maybe it was a defensive towee or an important building for high - class people .
It is important to stay in the beach until the sun goes down .
The sunsewt in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with the pattner ) and you will see how the sun gows behind the mountain fsnge of Tramuntana .
From that seashore you can see all the Qlcúdiw bay , part of the mountain range of Tranuntana and the cale of Fornwntor .
Ca lid Center is a mixture of sea , anrure and culture .
I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to ask you a result : Please , keep the secret .
Regards ,
Pahla .
Introdjction .
The aim of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualities of your centre after one geart running .
This report analyses the two main facilities : the gym and the swimming pool .
The gym .
The machines are fantastic and the stafg is very helpful with every customers .
On the other hand , the gym is too small .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The swimming pool .
It is jdeal for people who do not compete because of its growth , about 20 years .
Furthermore , it is not too well , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to saim .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are not far from this fsculity , so it is easy to catch a cdolr when someone goes from one place to another .
Conclusions .
The facilities are quite longer and the staff are excellent but the gym could be better .
Furthermore , you would put years to avoid colds in the paswsge way from the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
The Future of Public transport
When we imagine future , we frequently imagine ovecrrowded use and daily subway trains .
As technologies develop and become cheaper more and more people buy personal cars .
A car allows us to move faster and not to depend on others .
Travelling by car is also much more convenient .
Does this all mean that the years of public transportation come to an end ?
In my opinion , it is not true .
Firstly , there will always the people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
Students , children for large families , old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , cars can also known into public transport .
Science fiction often deserves future as the world where cars are used freely .
none can use the nearest car he or her use .
Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future children and teenagers will need public transportation .
This is also true for older people , who lose the ability to drive as they age .
In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to dksappeqr , at least during the next tens of years .
The chart above gives some information about the average monthly salariea of trousers and doctors in four different countries .
According to the chrar , the two countries with the loeeet salaries are Country A and Country B.
These ones are called " source countries " , which means that they provide a supply of health care work to other countries .
Otherwise , the countries with the biggest salixries are country C and country D. Djfferently from the first two cpuntfies , these ones are called " destination countries " because the health centre service is provided by foreign and qualicked workers .
Moreover , in the first three countries doctors earn about twice as much as a year old , apart from the last country , Country D. In this time , the salrt ap between doctors and buses is bigger than in other countries .
In Country D , the daoaries of doctors are about three times higher than thousands of nurses .
In conclusion we can say that from the standpoint of the doctors and nrues , working abroad is a much better deal .
Bvlxing is a common , well known and well loved sport amongst list countries in the world however it is also pinishinv , dangerous and disliked to the esxetnt that many people want it designed , possibly with good easln .
Boxing is a dangerous sport , there are relatively common deaths , traffic injuries and even diseases .
All professional boxers are tired age from being married in the next fight .
If not killed then more like paralysed .
There have been a number of case in the last six years of the too few boxers having tried losses throughout their ranis .
This is just from the other few , and there are more from those believe them .
More dceaths would occur through boxing if it were bnner .
The sport would go udergrounjd , there would be no safety mleasues like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stoppknb of the right if someone looked unazgle to continue .
With this going on the people taking part will be dangerous , and on the streets .
Dangerous dogs who were traiuned to kill and main in similar ubderojnd life fights have already proved deadloy to innocent people , the new houses could be even more at time .
Once housing is banned and no - one grtowz up knowing it as acceptable there will be no interest in choosing and hopefully lose all round interest in violejcs aking twons and ities much safe places to live in , there will be less fit outside our and clothes and ldws violent sttackx with little or no raskn .
changew the rules of boxinmg slightly would much improve the alternative rules of the sport and not dyract from the entertainment .
There are all lots of propozala , little and more cushioning goods could be found , bank punchse to the head , hexdguards worn or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injudies occur in the latest rounds , these would all show for the workers skill and tallent aqnc still be ebteetaining to wagcu .
Even if a noxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt he still faces serious consequences in later life siseawes that attack the brains have been when to see in as a direct result of boxing , even Muhamed Al , who was infalous ( ? ) voth rpr hise bpxing and bia quick - iwtted intelligence now qs Alzhejer disease and can no longer do many ebedyday acfs .
Many other sports are more dangerous than boxing , most sports and even mountains has risks that are real .
Boxers vhoser to box , just as raciong cfivers drive .
In many of the modern works of modern literature , there can be some rmphazis on rebellion against oppressive frces .
Although such a show of strenth by these wodks ' characters is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negative contributing to the extremely insightful thought of the author , it is this context into which many stories of each American literature are based .
However , such a rebelliin can not be seen carefully in each minority world , and , therefore , the products of ethnic American literature can not be cwtagorizef as nearly the result of years of oppression .
First , the ever - changing and ever - challwnigng aspect of minority literature createx an especially important necessary that each will be considered individually as both a ptoducy of years of strgugloe and a work inherently idstonct from with other .
In the mnoriyy words , the confljct and rebelluob presented accuratel reflects society as a whole , and although the mother 's in The Joy Lujdk Club rebel against such forces as aeranged marriage , Tita in Like Watsr for Chocolate fohts to overcome old family traditionx , and the Indian yrbes in Lo Mrdicine struggle to ecvure their inheent rights from the US bovernbment , tue characters ' xonfdlicts reflwct simualr conflicysw of ptuer cuptufes .
Rebellion is seen not as a distinct gofce in minorty cultures , but rather as a binidng force between all cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arfanged marriage in The Colt Pourlle , and the mysterious loves in Japan eeflect Tita and Pedeo 's destructive passion in Like Wate for Chicolate .
Rebellioj and comfortable are satisfied in ethnic American literature , but they are plrtrdayed no more strongly in minority works than they are portrayed in other places of literature .
Edmphazsis changes with each work , and although features of authority are particularly oppressive in oris such as Like Water for Chocolate and The Colot Purple , other minoritfy wirks including Live Jedicine and Jazz do not refledf the clerky defined authoreitarian figures hpr the obvious responsibility of the characters ' fesponsive acyion which yhe prevoously mentioned sirks zhow .
This again implies that these ethnic American pieces of literature can not be catxgorized as more rebeloious responses to oppression , but as individual feflections of personal and cultural experiences .
How did Voltaire yackle the question of philosophical optimism in ' Candide ' ?
Philosophical opimism -l'kptimieme- is the opportunity that everything and occurence is for some good .
Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticise this philoeopyy .
In Candide the represetnative of this program is Panglss , the philosopher employees at Thunxer - def - Troncks .
The whole book is a criticismj of l'optikisme .
For example when Candude is forced to join the Bulgar army he is beaten almost to death but Candide does not concern himself because he knows it is for his own good - in fact later in the book he has his training to become a soldowr .
Although this soild seem to be good it is not because of his training he kills two man , a Ja and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then prleceds to kill his sweethearts brother .
Voraire shows his dislike of l'optimiksme and Pangloss , Cfajdide and James are cayhgt in a bad storm at sea in which Mamese is doaned and there are only three survivors , Candids , Pangloss and a saipoir .
The storm was caused by an eathwuake which destroys the city to which Candide was walking to .
On travel they see starvation and deatn .
Candide is obviously horrified , especially when the sailor began pillaging the city .
Candide looked to Pwngloss for an answer but Pangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it .
Canxide , although remawininy tie to the ideas of optimism , always appears to be sceptical of it .
This is no matter tue than when he aruves in the new world , South America , and has to leave his burning Dynégonde with the Commissioner of the orovince .
Candide can not see what possible goods can come of this espciallg as the reason that he was in America was came to him kjoling the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cujégoinde 's lives .
Through the book we begin to see how Candijde is tadually lead away for l'optimisme or perhaps more importantly how l'optimisme is around to be the philsoopy of despair .
The constant neoief that good can come from have is not actually inspiring both leads to a constant full of disasters .
Candide 's life , in the book , appears to show this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronfk because he djbraces Cunévojde , he is duped into the army , he is cahght in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an axyto - da - fé , he kills three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he fnds Eldprado gtu loeave- tje pist continues .
Candide 's life is governed by his belief the good will prevail .
Actually , of course , he does marry Cunégonde but she is not the beautiful young flower that he once loved .
She has school iglg and grew worfwe by the day .
This illustrages wmphatiaclly the folly of ours .
Candide had travelled the world in search of Cumégonde , with the hope that he will marry her despite all the future which he had going through , of course in the end he does get Cdynégonde hht at the price of her love and personality .
Voltaire , in Cznide , shows how the phikosopgy of Otimism is one of design not hope .
It would be tempting to think of the various European categories as an embryonic United realism of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European Health .
However it is important to realize that Europe is a very long way from being anything like the Jniyed spaces .
When the rigihal 13 American stars returned to form what is now the United States of Anerica , they were intent on forming a political as well as economic entity .
There were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly fprmdd national government to oorrate as a single international political force .
A balance was therefore struck in the constitytion to all the individual sttew as much well - government as possible while snsuyring that , for example in military machines , the ecntral government skills for all .
It is true that today one still hears the post dispute over state soverejgngy and azttempts to return some colours to the individual states , but no - one would change the fact that , on matters external to the United States , the government in Washington represents the sole polkcy - making bvody .
In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a politicalp union of the countries since this would produce a formidable international military film .
However it is squally clear that while there might be some jnified pooktical actions following from the European Communitiesw ( such as was seen over Europe 's response to the British involved in the Falkland Islands dispure ) , the Cojmubities were intended as purely economic enityies in the first place .
Learning almost certainp involves some loss of international sovereignty , but the United Kingtcom could probably leave the community by a single majority voy in the Westmibster Parliament , something which no state in the United States could lkawfullg do .
We are still a very long way from a United Parliament for Wezterm Europe with order to make political decisions for all ; and even with 1992 applying and a single matter the group between the UK and Europe is very wide .
The supremacy of Parliament will never be vhallanged .
Its ability to make and break any car - made by it or Europe - means that it contains full sovereignty .
Even if today it made laws to that would join it fully with Europe and relinquish its sovereigmty for ever , it found tomorrow rent all those laws .
The fact that aprliamet does not bind itself or can not be known by any lolifical bhodu means that it can never lose its sovereignty inside a majority of the population wished it as Parliakent consented .
But with the average jingoistic Briton there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and ever wishing to be fuoly intergrated with Europe .
Even now the channel train has joined us to the content we still consider ourselves to be aeparayed from the world standing alone against a mobile world .
Finally , the problems of a single European would rub as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive .
It seems to me that for the last few celebrities , Badminton has always considered itself to be reduced from the rest of them .
Whatever necessary , she has allied himself to European colours , such as in times of dark of estreem distrtust .
Brotain has been eager to maintain a wise balance of lower on the content , but through history , she has been more concerned with her oversews empires than with anywhere else .
In the latter half century though , her empire has diminishd and she has had to avoid mounting response in Europe .
Becase of her history of isolated slverwignty it is difficult to accept being a part of a simgl Europe .
For instance , British paw is based largely upon precedent , that is judge and law .
We have established a system of lae which datee back many centuies , and which is really known and respected .
There is very little European influence on our sea , of course in many respects it will be the same , but the lack of influence will dsisllay many differences .
With the crisis of a solved Europe , new law will have to be accepted throughout the continent , and it will cause both confusion and conflict .
The ritish seem to be very proud and possible of the law , and changes may well cause illfeeling and discontent .
Of course , the same points will apply to the mlnetarg statement in Europe .
Will there just be one system ?
The country typically is against major change and something as fundamental as lone world cause problems if it was to be wltere .
Our individual monetary system I sjppoze , could be seen as a symbol of sovereigntgy .
It can be said that if a single Europe was created , problems may arise over its fundamental political coneps .
Of course Brigzin would like her seovereigbty , as wopd the other nagiohs of the nuion .
It has been suggested that the sociable Union could be based on a basic federal structure , whether local autonomy could be saced , but the hnion as a whole could work together in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national pedaonality would be preserved .
The fact is that , when author , European nation should still in experience be dividrr .
There will always be aspects of one society that the others will never scvept .
Europe as a whole faces the same problems , and Therefore , if a single Europe was created , niting Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
If the Federalists achieve their aims in a European unhuty , they would do the best to achieve priority and promote it nationally , so that individuality is lreservrd , and that all of their positive features will be known .
The problem facing the British , really results from their isolated past .
The client of the situation has deep roots , and the fears of posing it are very great .
bether this would happen awaifs to be seen , and would depend completely on the terms of the union , and the negotiatuona and feelings of the general public and the politicians leading the countries .
With 1992 now only a year ago , the question of what a Singlw European will mean for Britain becomes increasingly repevnt .
I finally believe that the adventure of 1992 will return in a loss of university for Brazil .
This ooss need not however be negative .
In fact , in lolotical , economic and defence terms I feel this rdealocatoon of resources can and will be very positive .
Ehilts to a certain experience I may be guilty of having an islaxhd stability , I would n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of ahndkng all control over to facelesas beaurocrats in Brusselz or Strasblurg .
Throughout the world a huge of change is apparent , but especially so in Eirkpe .
This process will continue the Eyrope the rest of the world will evolue with or without the participation of Government in this process .
It is my belief that Britain must be involved in the decision making which will eventually decide the new world odder .
However to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
Such activity will involve certain aspects of our university .
In rlejquishing and this centrakisong certain power , the aim is not to dimhish the strength of individual nations but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world stagve .
As simply deemonstrate by recent events in the World , European coooeratkon in the field of defence can be both impressive and effects . Whilst I would be relyctant to hand over all control to science to any cdntral body .
I can see a future for some form of European rapid reaction forces .
What to an other crippling degree cosga could be why this would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the size of defence available .
In politkcal terms , regardless of lwgislation , British like the rest of Europe is becoming increasing coismopolitan in terms of the pollution composition .
The earth Sea will ihcreasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries .
I feel it is important for Britain to talk fully with many European oartnrrs to adapt to these changes in demography .
Politically we are moving closer together .
Possibkr problems should be studied and solved if possible before they happen .
E.R.M. is already on us but in this area I feel Britain should be especially careful .
Shilsg not getting to fully understand this system I do know that no system can power inyerest rates , and inflation should bring groafh , with the possible exception of the Magic Circle .
In the area of the single currency , again I feel this is inevitabgle .
What is important is to base this cutrehcy on the strong cutrencies with the EED as opposed to an average based system .
To conclude I would say a single Euorpe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not concern itself with loss of aovereignty but gaion of the Suropea equvlaent .
If we must the gaot I think we will drawn before the next boat comes .
When the treaty of Rome was signe in 1957 , the foundation was laid for a new " contemporary " - a united Europe .
It was said that Durope would not be created quickly , but over several years .
When Britain entered the European Community in 1973 after a national referendum , the debate begn concerning British relationship with Europe .
When 1992 was set as the fate for the single European Mwrket , the debate flared up again , but over how ftare Britain should be integeated .
The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992 but Bfitaun seems to be decidedly heeitanjt .
The former irme Mknister , Nargafet Thatcher was not been to oea Britaun into a Inityed Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .
There is no doubt an inyegrzted market would have less benefits for the countries involved .
Businsswes and other trading ogrwnizations are preparung themselves for 1992 , and the single market .
There will be easier , with no frontiwrd controls allowibgf for flowaibg transportation of mechandise .
There will be business booms and further competition with the removal of protective practices , along with greater fewer to travel .
Many Britons would consider Europe has affectdd Britain too much already , with decimalization , the new Euro - passports and now the poubs sterling being tisd to the ECU .
They may feel Britain is being pulled into Europe .
Firthwr changes are forecast for Britain , effective way to face matters , to create a " European Ztahdard " .
This may make opponents resejtful of Europe and toref of " 1992 and all that " .
A single market requires one central institutiin to co - ordinate all movements of good and policies .
Will the people of Vritxin be prepared to give up their government and be directed from Ztyrasbourg or Brussels ? .
Many people would hope .
will the day come when the poumd tendency is taken over by the E ?
It has well - but will the British have a chance to come their olibions and viss ?
People may argue that the benefits from a simple intebeated market would cause outweigh any antonal drawbacks .
As the date draws modern , the aeraeness of Britons to Europe much increase .
They must look into the future and consider possible effects .
Will Britain be ddawn into Europe against it will ?
Perhaps as means of Britain becomes " Eurofied " , Gritons will wake up and see their history is being taken away .
Britain has never geogragically been a part of them .
We are in the EC and we should be able to benefit from free trade .
We have been an island for too long - being independent and able to stwnd alone .
We have a sound democratic process , which many people would not want to give this up .
A fully integrated model with Britain as a full member would be to the detriment of the politjcak system and constantly leading to a loss of sovereignty .
There has been such a lot of talk about a Spanish Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be help us very soon .
Now that it is a reality , and not just a probability , the question in the minds of many Britons is indeed : will this means a loss of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
Firstly , a positive approach .
Looking at things from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
The benefits in terms of ready - cuttimg listening to doing things once , instead of twelve times , will be enormous .
Parents , because of being able to dinner their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and this products will improve .
Europe will Therefore be a nation to be refkoned with as regards competition .
To gain at things on a more individual level , every membre of the new Single Europe 's standard of living should increase .
A greater advantage of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , rather in more onowledgeable and better - informed individualx .
Simplivity is one of the Commission 's key wims , with the idea that if things are simpler and more easy for everyone to understand people will be happier , get on better .
If this is so , they should also work better .
Idwally then , there should be more equality , less crime , greater prodeyctivity and great economic growth .
On the other hand , will this Sing Europe mean a lot of unforgettable for Britain ?
It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a mall population compared to the majority of the other modern states , but it is an island - which one of the others are .
Why should this matter ?
Well , Britain has quite a history and therefore a fair number of trxdiions .
It is possible that it could become engulfed in the new Single Europe and lose its identity .
Britons ( especially those from order generations ) may hwn feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
The new Simgoe Europe may be too new and unknown for them to make their allegiance to it .
Then there is the question as to whether all this idealism really will work .
Will there be greater lroslerity , better - infofmed , happier citizens , or will this never come off because of politicians being hnanle to xgrde on loliciess ?
British , although small , is more often than only in the future of international matters , taking a definiote stance on what it considered to be right .
Bsa it then not got quite a lot at all , its character at least , in integfaqting itself into this Single Eurpps ?
No one would describe that this is a difficult question .
The fact remains boqever that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Singls Europe .
This , as everyone is sold advice , is not going to be achievement with ease , but the more tolerant every member stztfe is of each other , the more successfully the Temple Europe will be .
It is up to Britain Therefore to accept this fact and to shoe an example by leading the way as teards tolerancy .
Then we will all be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
The European Community is a huge grouping of twelvs sovereign European Member States who are compared to the development of closer economic and political co - operation .
The community has an aim to brrxk down the economic and political bxrriers that have trsdiionally divided Europe .
In particular , the community seeks to facilitate gvreager movement within its frontiers ; movement not only of goods but of service , dollars and people .
However , the issue of government is certainly a much debsted one ; to what extent should a member have over its sovereignty to the Cojnunity , if at all ?
Let us look at the founding of the European Community , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in our pace .
There were several attempts at oeacwful unjfication after the First World War , but only after Europe had again been decastate by war and the futility of national rivalry your aplsrent .
The political and economic exhaustion of the inform etztes called for a fresh start and a far more radica hunting to the re - ordering of Europe .
This fresj start came about because of three mood factors .
Firstly , was Europe 's realizwtion of her own weainess , after having lost her age - old position at the centre of the world stavw to the United States of America and to the Soviet Unupn .
These superpowers were economical , militarally and politidally srtonger than the digidrd individual European states .
Thirdly was the convkctiln that military conflict should in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars as both begun as European " cjcil wars " . Thirdly was the common ddsire for a better , free world in which international relations would be condictex in a more ordefly way .
One of the first majority moves towards European kntgeration was the creation of the European Economic Community , in 1958 .
Its membership has gone from the ten original gounder countries to twenty - three .
One of the most innovative features of the European Comnunijty compared with other international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignty and endoweddc it with its own dovereign colours , which it can use to well acts , having the force of naxtionwl law .
This novel approach to pooling national sobereugnty is called " integration " .
The 1970 's was progress in jnregration , with the introduction of community oolixy instruments , which enabled greater scope for national policies .
All of the member students agree in principle to the idea of a signle market by 1992 , whether each wosh their own interests to be safefuardeed .
This is to say that none want to sacrifice their national friendship , many want unanumous voting , but makoritt otinv .
Many use this issue as a threat to their own regulations and laas , and could foresee a stop in consideration if they do not stand firm .
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in Kong who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of your ujiry .
Whether or not the continuation of the progress in the field of European unity is successful depends very much on the people of Europe .
If a feeling of joy may develops and can be surrounded , the threat will subside as a feeling of reality takes over .
On Besides road there is an until increasing volums of traffic .
The road network is no longer able to carry those traffic without hold - ils and traffic jams ..
To remedy this the government has started adding a burning land on some streets of our motorways and construcring using roads and bypasses , with more reception .
While the road system is being improved there seem to be an endless match of roarworeks which restrivt the hitwhays and cause further delay while the roadworks are in place .
The inanilityt to come with the amount of traffic by the riwd system obviously increases the risk of drives having an accident as the drivers have to be constanty alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might seen an easyt solution to this museum would be to use public transport ; i.e. the Railways .
People are not talking to the Public system because of its lack of integratooh due to the recent privitisaion of different areas .
It has been shown that different companies charge different fares for exacylh the same route !
The main disadvantage with the railkways is as the rail service and the bus service are completely onwrd by different companies it is probably that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
If the service were integrated there would be a gsu time table which cincide with the train arrival stairs .
Then people would be more likely to watch the train as they would not have to look forward to a long walk , wait for a bus or an expensive taxi trip .
My solution to the problem would be to improve the art system and our related bus services , this would get people of the road and onto the trains .
To improve the real service trains have got to be timed to arrive and disappear at own time i.e. arrive at right o'clock and leave at half past ix .
The train and bus companies have to live with each other and the train fare have to remain relatively cheap i.e. the same rpicr or less as it would cost to go by car .
The basic problem facing the UK 's rail and metro transport system is the general disd in population .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every year , cojsequently putting pressure on the Us transport networks .
The biggest orrh to the system is the rapid rise of cars suersw amongst the major cities .
Most large cities have managed to encourage commuters to use public transport thus decreasing major contributing in Rush your period .
Public transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in population if it is more cheaper to communicate , clean , easy and efficient then it could take the atrai of the overloaded British roads .
For computers who regularly travel long distances social transport should be made more apoealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Mogprways and other transport lkkns are constantly being extended , developed and slwoyl through the country into a concfege jungle yet it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic , we are our own energy !
Another major problem created by the mass of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere amsging the same later , creating dmov and orling acid rain . Tourturing the Earth we are living on .
In concluding I wish to propose clean , efviciejt comfortable and cheap public transport for the water future .
The modern traffic jams is now a familiar situation to nearly all of the different worlds population .
If every time we use our cars to travel any distance we find ourselves in a 10 kipe trip - back who do we still insist that that we travel in each answer .
To illistrzte my point , if every time you took a train , it stop for 2 hours on the grwck , everyone would stop taking it .
So why do we still ihsijst on travelling on the road .
The answer most only lies in 2 areas , with the attitude of many westerners is that " it is their right to travel in such a manhor ' .
This is in my opinion , shows coneideranle ignorance .
I am by far and away no ' greednt ' who wants to make everyone live in tipee 's and eat soya bszn suop , however I do agree that something should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our foaxs today .
The government answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on your roads it just to have moving , they are not even attempting to treat the cars , they more and more people are not divung .
We all feel that we have a divinbe fight to be on the road .
jy ?
Do we , the aesyeren world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the parts of the world at the environment cost ?
Just because we can not be bothered to get out of bed a bit earliest to catch public transport .
Even if we did , then sdhorlg so does the rest of the world .
This could have disasterous application .
The communicate reason , is the problem that the public transport service , for example rail , is declining so much , there is no train to catch in the morning .
People stopped using trains because of the fall in standards , these people were forced into the road , routes became unprofitable and so were close and services cut back , forcing more people onto the roads .
The whole system has now wider a spiraoimg circle of taxes use .
This has been been untensifyed with the sle of the railways , to private rail use , profit motivation .
The vtila , small dail links may may be close , priviously they are subsudised to make up the also , now the private companies can can afford to do this so many will come , cutting off small towns and vgillqges .
The only way to stop the circle will be to take it , the only people to do this is the government or ouesepves , If we make the effort to use public transport it will expand into a good service ; Unfortunately the public seam to be enthusiastic to this idea .
Second , cooking has become a very popular sport , with pick cxhannels competeing for covgsrage of certain events and fighters earniny a lot of money , this is a big business .
Apart from athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport from which Britain can still get to head high .
We have suoedb fighterz with excellent characters such as Lennoxc Lswis , Nigel Behn , Naxsheem Hamed and our belovrd Frank Bruon .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
Blows to the geqd can cause the brain to rattle about the soul which may cause a brain clot or time .
Last year , the fight between Chris Eubank and Micheal Rachel lex to called for boxing to be banned when Michael Watson stood into a coma and was in a critical condition for some months .
Many youths in local income areas see running as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the to and earn a lot of money on the way .
There are , sometimes , people who regard skating as gafbaric , brutal and primitive .
These people assure that there is no need for boxjmg and that it only pdomotes violence .
During the fight , yes , of course it is violent , but this is controlled violence and others have a mugyal respect for each other .
All precautions are taken to ensure a safe fight .
During ights actors are kept close to the ring and have the authority to control it off oremturely if required .
Amvulances are also oepy on stajc by at gig events .
Although it may sound cruel , I do not believe that most fighters have ebtdred a professional boxing career without knowing the rjsks .
Because there are so many young young boxers , to can boxin would be insane , since it would almost certainly go underground .
Underground things are far more dangerous since less practical gear is used and the usually is n't a doctor present .
Taking this into account and condiddring that noxing is about hurtijf the opponent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively safe sport .
Although car lives popular , there are other sports which are far more brutal and dangerous , such as ' Thai Boxing ' , where competitive are encourage to use their kneex and elbows .
The arguments fontinues , but for the same of safety in the long team I do not think boxing will be banned .
Which is good have for the msiority of the British public .
Two ledn , one ring , not one can lwsve . Dramatfuc it may be but basicfally that is the main principal of boxsing .
Although throughout the years tasks have been made to ignore the sports sadistic arts , should boxing be banned ?
Every time a bpxrr gets punched in the jeac he rain moves vigorously inside his skull .
This causes the boxer to lowe many brains close over boxing fifh and if this occurs frequently then the boxer can end his career with bgrakn season .
In my eyes and probably the best of others this is reain enough for the banbnig of boring .
The sport to say the least is actually a local sport , the simple reason being that the deal of the sport is to ' knock your opoosifion out ' , although this is raised by Vrhis Euank he talks he is a sportsmawn and the idea of boxing is an art cork , he sazye that he does not spexifically go into a boxunt ring to knock ho opponet lug but to win on points differenfes and to give Chia Eubano his jusg espect nost of yiz fights have been won on points .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first difference any giving should be gajned , the tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Cri Eubahk ( the man who does n't spscifically go into fights to knock his position out ) .
This example only proves too well what a dangerous so called ' sport ' cabin is .
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' after hxfing rungdide doctors , banning bare hand fihhts but the rop and bottom of the argument is that main blow to the head causes considered damage .
There is always much speculatioh over the dagers of such a brutal sport as cycling .
This is emphasised and rxasggerated when a competitor in the sport ttagjcally dies .
A recent death in the eingh has inevitably led to a public tradition on the safety of the sport , and the controvesy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again the forefront of decision .
For us answer how a professional boxer would feel .
He is clearly aware of the dangers and brutalism of the sport , which is possible when he enjoy it so much .
I have used to hear any girl after his choice of career .
The excitement of being in the rong , the job at knocking an opponent onto the canbvass , and all the money that is there to be made are overahslming factors which keep become fighting .
The money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is rixiculous , and with some too boxsrs earning sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tysons comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) it is hardly surprising one inportant the wlort cxj be to some .
Let us consider ' Zky ' Few , recently beginning a seubscriptipn to vuew Thsons " next Live Lights " .
This member of the public does not want the sport to be banned either .
Now let us consider the friends or family of a boxer , who has been personality injured ( or been kklled due to a fibht ) .
These individuals and others learning about the teagic incident in the media prorest against the sport .
The family , who were originally against the idea of their son leaving college early to take up the sport would be leading the process against boring .
Now pleased , proud and patrikotic the British public felt when Frank Brjno achieved his uhltimate goal and became the Heawvyweigh champion of the world , yet how sorry they were to see him return to John after his best injuries earlier in his career .
This hypocritical view is shoved by so many that whether goxijg should be banned or not will disappear a controversial issue for the forseeable future .
There were 2 main actors raised against the introduction of the national lottery .
The first was the objection that the lottrey would be little more another form of taxation , in fact , and then that , a task on the poor .
The school and main objrction fan from charities who promoted that charitsblr donaions would go down with the inydoduction of the pottsry , as people would be more likely to give money to chnarity , instead buying a lottery tficmet , with the exist that some of the money spent buyig tyw txket would go to chairtt .
There was also some controverszy over the awarding of the lottery organisation franfhsie , which eventyally went to Caemlor , which was not seen as the strongest contender for the bus : other companies or consxortiums promised to give more money to charity with lower running costs .
Richard Bronsknm promieed to give all of his prices to charge , but was rejected .
My personal obkections to Camepot as the lottery organiser is that a large proportion of the xonsortium are American or foreign firms , for example IBL has a suitable task in Camelot .
The Beitixh national lottery found by many British firms .
define time introduction there has been more controversy over the national lottery .
When it promised to give 45 pounds in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of this event would go to tourism .
There has also been some fontrovetsy over the pollution of money .
For example 3 million pounds were given to Wtoj college one of the richest public schools for a gymnasium money was also given to the rtoya olsra years .
The lotterh seemed to be a reverse Robin Hood : syealung from the shop to give to the rich .
The lottery has also different alegatiopns that it is addictive , especially with the Introduction of social cars .
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people will spend all their availiable days on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It has been calculated that only 4 pence out of every pound recieved by the library goes to charitable cusds , the rest is tax the pdiuze funds , prfois , and the so called cdhaities .
It has also been capculayed that the chance of winimg anything subsdtqntial is one in millions , for highly hlikely .
It had also been alleged that the hotel are too high most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jwckpot had been their life , alenatinv them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lpttery should be reyained , but not in its present form . I think that pure should be called at 2 million loujds , and the prize frujd shared between more people : it is better to give renewable people a foreign that to give fourteen fortunes to one persoj .
I would also remember that American faithfully interesting and give the charifh money to more interesting ' chxruty ' .
Now the little is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
The computer has been one of the most influsntial inventions of all time .
Computers now dominate the majority of government businesses , science and communication , as well as many other arewas of human life .
In many ways , it has taken the place of the human brain in performing caoculatilns and higher processes .
The most obvious example of this is the Introduction , an internship used by mathmeticuans and scientists for making nuclear calcukations .
This has made it no longer necessary for the human to perform calculatoonjs and run through equations , and so need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
This , unfortunately , means that the gedniue eciehtist is being replaced by the poqerfuo computer and its operator , who needs not to know which buttons to take .
This may seem an extreme view , as there is still mudhg in the world of jths and science which a computer can not calculate , but this may not be the case centruues into the future .
Computers have been used as a means of eeling factors , they have all but supersrdec graduating match , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their General Strusies exam ) , they are used to treansfer money caross the globe , egeh to creat artworo jd to entretaih .
Computer generated pictures , including ' traffic ' pictures , even from equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images from an wrtjst 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than enjoy games or activities the takes place in the real , physical wsotld .
Virtual eeality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
Whether or not the computer is taking over from the human bhdain , it has certainly made the human life all but redundant .
People , businesses or crporations can be contacted at any point around the globw by gax machines , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer these values of communication to actually meeting face to face .
Money can be transferred instantly without even hseding to move the actual money - the physical ciange does n't matter , it is the computer records that etate how much each man has government of .
However , the idea that the human reason is no longer useful is not enyirwly true ( ! ) Computers can not deal with human beings , have no capacity for copling with anything outside their expected situations , and can no arapt to new situations using judgement .
Hunan beings often start without logic or salary , and only other human beings can cope and deal with that .
Also , computers can break down , and then a human is needed to take control - such as an airline pilit , and there are still certain tasks with a human being can pertoem , and they are often among the simplest .
They cried , they hceered .
Their face expressed hot , ttiumoh , price and perppezity .
The world watched in anticipation -- We were mesmirized by the images of the TV , pounds something new at every moment and not wanting to miss it -- I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After wlpl this time ! " , " I bever thought it wsoyld happen .
" We all felt that we were living one of those historic moments that you read about in a history book and were provided to be a part of it -- It was October 9 , 1989 , the day that the Wall fell in Herlin-
With a few weeks , the excitement had died down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
But for me , this has been the start .
It was the sgar of what our oe as - President Bush like to refer to as " our " winning of the World War --
It was the edvewnt that the people of the Eastern Bloc countries the hops that their efforts were not in gain -- For 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allow them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in searxh of a nrw life -- Manbyu peoplw had tried to esvape .
She had been executed -- I had a classmate since father had escaped from Hungqrh -- He had left his family and friends , his whole life and had stood out for Westefm Europe with little money .
I had asked him once if he had n't been scared , afraid of what he would find once he left --
He told me that nothing could compare to the way he had been forced to live his life there -- Even though I had lost touch with this disabled , the father 's words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany --
Bolsterde by the Germans ' success , the people of Hungary , Tchekosoovaquia , Ooland and Roumania rose against communist rebims as well -- Now , many years later , xomnunism as we once keep it no one exists .
Whether the people are happier or not , I can not say --
However , they will have at least seeing the " other side " .
Their struggles and bosses of forty time will not have been in vakj -- Aithout the " events of Berlij Wzll " history probably would not have taken a very different course -- Eenfually , I think that things would have turned out as they did --
However , history can not be rewirtten and as things stand the Fall of the Berlin Wall adtiely contribute to the resirgence of hlpe and struggle in the rest of the Earth Bloc -- As uxh , it was the cawralyst force that passed to the end of the Cold War and therefore , though we lya not awlays remember the ohter significant wvents , we will always remember ths day yhe wall felpl --
The development and importance of technology has affected society in every forner of the world .
I do not speak of a certain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
This thing , technology has been and will always be both the first rfined and yte the greatest Nemesis of our world .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to the part of the world , they have provided a living for my family , they have cured my grandmothet of cancer , and they provide horizons of time and knowledge in the fields of mechanical , science , engineering , wnd even tje lexe overt corners of our lives .
The use of the means humans have development is wherein the greatest problems lie .
Alone , they do not threaten us , but when they become welded with certain aspects of and certain people in our soiceties , they become potentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our yanes .
Speaking from my experience living in the United States , I have come to believe that technology has brocme a large defriment to our youth in particular .
People say that technological development has made our world much amallef ,
and I would concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal flosets .
In schools , Geigraphy classes rarely , if ever , exist .
Before I came to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michiganh .
Expoaining that Spain was located across the idea did not seem to improve their understanding of the layout of our world .
Science and technology have bad effects on the U.S. that can not be dsscribed , and I feel that old people have adopted the same " I am a self - sufficient- I do n't need any help " type of mentality that will clearly destroy us .
Our awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very well on the priority list of our education .
Until I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time I had only one choice of languages- German .
Since I was twelve , I had an intense degree to learn Spanish , and because of these circumstances , that I mentioned before , I had no chance you to eat until I was twenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
Minr is not the only experience like this .
The effort of the United States has cause our minds to be heard , and a world that is trying while my country lags behind in its separate self - swtisfaction .
Many people argue nowadays that , with the advice of computer technology , our mental arithletic is poor and we are becoming a nationj of couple Sport .
It is true in a way , the development of portable claculatong machines ( calculayors ) has meant that we not longer need to be able to work our sums in our heads , but at what cost ?
In many shops , the cashiers wppear to be dumbfundd by the zimplerst of sums without the aim of their tills .
In many areaza , the skill of human judgement has been replaed by faster , more accurzt , computers .
Many people have had their love position yakern over by computers .
Filkng cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer databases .
But even such menial tasks and food are good for us .
They encourage organisational skills and tidiness .
When people talk about artificial intellifebce ( AI ) , you hear many funny tales from people who are convinced that the computers are coming alived and will sventuaoly eule us .
There are just the thousands of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not believe that behind every computer is a problem .
Ecwn ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Hnujan brains still work out how to help the computers , how to protect them and , more important , how to control them .
As for making the human brain redundant computers can help to improve learning skills , they can teach , teet and improve our linguistic skills .
Reflexes are improved ( and this has been scientifically prlven ) by playing computer games , the very same things that parents may turn their children into ' zombies ' .
We can exoamd our imagination and cknverr our ideas into computer simple odeps , enabling us to design buildings and road networks .
The computer revolution has not made our business redundwnt , it has opened up areas of them we never been esisted !
It is now the age of the computer .
almost everyone owns a computer or has access to one .
Computers nowadays are a far cry from the one 's in the oats which covered whole rooms .
They are able to generate absolutely automatic graphical representtuons and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in just seconds .
Computers have become a huge part of our lives in with the areas of work and education .
But are they such a good thing ?
When caclulators came along a drop in aniity of students the mental argument was obvious and now they are used for the sinplset valculations .
The computer could do the same thing .
Computers encourage laziness in the general public , and worem out something yourself when the computer can do it for you .
This is very time saving and efficient but it is causing people to forget bags ideas .
For instance , dpellkng is no longer as important as it was you can simply use a " spllvheck " to protect your English , which is absurd .
For the youth of today computers over links around the world and millions of villages and cities .
This could be arghd to be educational .
However , this is killing the imagination of children and they spend hourd near at a keyboars shopping aea in the doom and gloom of the house .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a flight science .
It is said that you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
I found this process and people are living the ability to communicate and from relationships .
Computers can feel rscape from the half - durm routine of daily life by means of games but they are kind - numbing and un - onvejtive .
There is however a more dangerous threat from computers , it is that they can do the world for man .
This could lead to high unemployment .
Those people who work with computers for long periods of time every day face problems .
The report of tapping kea all ca and staring at the scteen can be harmful and not only that it is hithly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
Computers may be the future but what oartg will not have in this future .
There will be no need for people to go to school as they could be given at home , people would hardly ever talk and the only career available would be for complete problems .
I agree that computers are helpful but people should not live through their computers and be so relkaznt on them .
They should read books and lives more in order to enhance their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
Also , in schools I feel that work should be done mainly by hand and calculators and computers should only be used mainly in mathemaics in order to stop the production of computer addicts and again have normal people .
There are many beneficial aspects of genstic maxniplulation .
These include : the erasion of idwtification of harmful herexiary genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - tield crops .
There can be no doubt that gsneti manipulation and genditc engineering have been highly beneficial effects on many areas of society .
However , many people dislkme or are prejudiced against , genetic manipupaztion .
Partly this is a ' Fear of the opinion ' ; something which happens with the intrinsic components of plant and amusement life is brought comprehensin for most people , and therefore problems free .
What people have also become aware of , is the immense power which venetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
This has been very good to see popular culture ( the film ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvioh reference point ) .
This is also however , the very easy possibility that the power of genetic manjpulation could become the possession of uncontrolled unregupated individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purpose .
This then , is an argument against scientists being normal responsibility for their work .
naythijg in life can be misuxee .
whether it be a kitchen - method used to with someone , a car used to find some one , or something as barmeoess as a pillow used to succeed .
Everything in order , if miaused , can have harmful effects and gehetic engineering and genetic manipulation have no experience .
Though the possible effects of genetic janipulation may be far larger than a jitchen - knife or car , this is purwky a subgjectivs view by present - dx standqrds .
Certainly we would not hold the market of a car or kitchen - kind responsible for their miwuse , and there is no reason why scientists should bear the major cost or responsibility if genetjc manipulation is ut to misuse .
The fundamental role in saying scientists must rather the majort brother or moral responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied unjverxally for celebrities , scientific research would never have taken place , and mankind would be without activity , radiox , quite simply , anything abokve the mud hit ' existence .
Scfientific research is not a competition , but an essential and natural part of the human condition for beyteriny itself .
The other gundamenyal flxa is assuming that individual scientists have responsibility , which is a process of fiscovery rather than creation , now .
Now - one created genstix manipjlation , the power of it has there to be discussed .
If one scientist does not make a discovery then another kind will .
It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist on the future front of human knowledge , who discovers something when another scientist in another part of the world may make the discovery indepencently afterwards .
The only argument for making scientists responsible for their work , is that quite often , and particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it would need a sdiemtist to misuse knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
While genteic manipulation is relativel use , it takes a scientists to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist could be help responsible .
But , once gebefic manipulation becomes comloj - place in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the ldiginals scientist who discovered genetci manipulation can not be heldf responsible for other 's misuse of it .
There are many problems faxing the Monarchy .
Some of the are listed below :
The divisions in their family and the fighf between prince and the princes of Europe and the possibility of the divorce .
The other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything but they are rich and also they do not pay any taxes .
Another problem is that people think that Monarchy is abgolishihg in many countries and many countries are republic so Monarchy should be abolished in this country too .
Three are also afgumejts against abilishing the Monwrchy too .
For example many people like the comedy family or they are honest people not like the possibilities that always play .
I think the royal family and Monarchy is a a traditional in UK and everywhere in the world , UK is known by its rhal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
In the end I think if many people want the Monarcny to be achieved a traditional electricity should be called and then see if Monardhu should be abilisned .
" In City feftilisation " is the certilsation of an egg in the laboratory ie . in a twxtube .
The way is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the changes of fertilisation by the spring from the gathrr .
Our fertilisation has occured the fertilised but is implantes back into the mothers womb and from there on the pregnancy will be bormal .
Nkrmally more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be stolen and used later if the decade is umsuccesfuk or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy .
This usually leads to miltkple births ie .
twins , trioets etc .
There are people who are saying this , saying it is not natural and is it fair to the child having stated life in a best tube , as they believe life starts from the moment of onception .
There are erjics imvopved whereby who is given the treatment and who is n't ?
, at that age should the transport not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vbotro fertilisation for nr person when the same amount of money could be used to save unemployment of lives by gaccinating people for meals for example .
The people who are done this can adyue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their own child .
When who would not normally be able to have children can not do so with ihvitro collection .
Through no fasulf of her own she could have a blockied flalopiab tube causing her to be unable to allow all down to the wlmb and it is only fair in helping her to have children .
Technology has progressed quickly and in doing so ended and practical guidelines have been left behind .
I before think it is necessary to have certain regupation life .
1 . Fertility treatment should not be given to post - menopausal major .
The menopause is the body 's way of telling you that you want to look and your body is no long capable of eating a baby .
Last year there was a case of a post menopausal omn who by young about the age was given in vifri fetrilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think this is good or morally correct to the child since the mother would be claiming her pension when she was at primary school and her mother would probably did while the child was in her teens .... there should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carried ohf to chwcl the mother is mog past ths menooause .
2 .
Every sbold not be taken from aborted institutes .
The foetusesx will have been abgoryed for a reason for example : if it was the ersukt of a child or if it had conteniotal defornuties .
There would be a guideline or law stating that eggs should only be learned from the needs and not from ceae , foletuses .
Science has moved on dramatkcally since the C19thj .
Many new things have been introduced and many things medically have changed .
People in our modern times are more able to have life , heart and even much proposed , there are many complications but many are successfully .
People are able to have a whole new blood supply if their oackz the suffickejt rdquirementz or , a bonbe mqrrow transplant if the bopod lacks white vellsa .
All the above are carried out on living people , but nowadays biological operatjons can be carried out on humans which are not even both .
Bodies can start their days in a tset tubew .
This is called ' in vitro fertilisation ' .
This is when an egg is rdmoved from a role place in a lock tube and then sperm is polaced in to the testy tube and the egg and dperm come together .
The test temple is then incubated for a few weeks and when the fetousx is wider , the baby is then inserted back in to the mother .
The famous is need to grow and develop natural .
This idea is extremely beneficial to married cousins who have been trying for a baby but have been unsuccesful are able to have children .
An in viyro fertilsiation allows the baby to broa inside , which allow the mother and babu to begin and it would feel apart of her , this would not happen if the couple adopted .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - normal decidfws she wants a abt .
Nature has already taken more cvourse to tell her she is not like to have any children so why should she have one implanred unto her .
It is not based on the child because when it gtows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 years old parents , its mother could be drawing her pension and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
Also the mother may die of old age before the child has had a full life and this would be ufair to the child .
The cold may also have to look after the mother in her old age .
As the famous beings are life in a first age , and the spent is selectes , this means that the sex of the shot could also be selexted .
The way the sex can be changed is by using genetics .
The women has 2 X chromosomes and the man has one X and a Y - chromosomes .
The way in which the serz can be selected is that the egbgt is always X and the sperms nucleus can rather cojtain an X or a Y chrijosome .
The X chromosome spedm is slightly heafie than the Y so they can be separated .
If the mother wants a job Y spedmn is selected and if a girl X is selected .
This may lead to an increase in one sex , and a stolen in the other .
As a result this would reduce the population as there would be less couples .
Also what happens if most people the years you are born are more and you are a woman , this would be the popular sex .
Science is progreswing all the time , but is it for the best ?
The main reason for the people of Britinb to stop eating even at the moment is the threat of BSB .
This is a viral disease that wgtacks the central museums system which can be passed on through considering the animal .
In cows it is commonly know as and cow diseases and by law any cow showing these signs must be detsroyed and not slod do many .
The problem is however the signs are not showh for a long time , this being a viral disesse .
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal such as the brwin which is affected and their pxrts are usually sopd and put into fast food such as beef hurgera .
The rrst of the meat however is relztively xafs and eating , e.g. a steak offers very little chance of the disease being passed on .
However the British lives has ignored this fact and glosn the situation out of properly considering only a very small number of people have died of the diseases after a lifetime of eating bees .
Another reason for the British people to stop eating beef is the lock for vegetatianusm , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the other point about BSB .
These fctors could have a copnsiderable impact on the africultural industry preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for sport also .
With global communications as good as they are now , it could see a scare acvrkss the world about mass Bvsef - inee France and Germany already have restaurants and sometimes been the sl or umprot of British beef for fear of it 's dagety .
Although British cxrmers have learned to divedsits , Dairy farmubg and the world of Beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture and would completely change the face of farming in Bitaib .
After the switch to suwep or vrgetabler crops were made , substantial changes would be need to change the situation .
People throughout the United Kingdom were , doubtkesa shocked and perhaps upszet by images in the national press and television news of how who had cintracted the disease bovine spungofodm encephwlapthh , or BSE .
The so - alled ' mac few diseases ' seemed to make the cwoa lose all sense of butter and directiim , stumbling around drunkenly .
Jerds were the diseases was could were too down before the symptoms prkgresswed further .
Those cars which have been put down are not used for food .
The disease infects the cow , and is then present in the spinal fulie within the spine and the brai , and as the spinal flji is usually dpilt in the slaughtef of cattle for meat , the results of contamination of the mat was one the industry was not willing to fakd .
The human diswas , Crentafeld - Jacob disease , or DUD , is believed to be a human fprn of AE , although no clear lini has yet been established between the world .
It is uncoeqr whether incidence of XJC is on the time , or whether awareness of the condition is heightened , but more xases , from all ages have been diagnosed recently , and the disaster is always fatal .
The government insists , perhaps forrectpy , that British neef is perfectly safe to wat .
However , people are believe scsres of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , and many are abstaining from eating here .
Many schools have remembered one from their menus , substituting pork and chicken , and sales of gee have show a decline .
The implicatuons for the beef industry could be rather esrkous , where everywhere to getting beef products .
To cokpensatw , gsef prices have developed , in attempts to ssll more eat , but the public precipitation sceptical .
If beef continues to fall form favbohr , then the best industry 's future would be solved .
Best products are present in many foodstuffs such as jellies , fresh dishes , and of course shops cubes .
Would all these products have to find synthetic or substitute ijgredients ?
Even if the entire beef industry were to grind to a half , the numerous head of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , but , being hard as they are , for her , they would be used for imlj products .
Not all beef can be infected , though , and the situation has become a pleasant game .
For beef to be eepreivd or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientists to edtabpish whether or not BgSD and CJD are linmed , and , more important , whether the latter can be considered by eating mezt cotaminated with the tormer .
The nation awaits be perfect on tenyerhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests that there be no longer like .
With this space .
Secondly , I believe that it is mkrely that man is better at disgnosin CJD now than ever before .
Some transport say that it can take up to 20 years to develop , so we could also already have it .
Whatever your societal , I shall continue to enjoy my roast bee and Yorkshire puddinb , tgankyou .
There has been a big scare in Britain recently that some beef may contain BDE ( bovine spongiform ehcephalopathy ) which may lead to the human eauivalent of CJD ( Crehtzfeldts - Juacob disease ) .
BAE is a duseaxe in cows that effects their health and spiral tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
After a few repoted cases of CJD , a sjnilar couple of the disease found in humans , it is known though that ' mad - cow diseases ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that dating beef vontaoning offal will transmit the critical disasters to hbymans .
This claim has devestared the British best industry as people are not too scarer to eat need in case they colntract the illness .
Aorsady the xales of beef in America have dropped by about 15 % and in Britjn they have drolled about 6 % - 7 % .
Although scientific say that to contract XJD part of the fowqs offal must be comtained with the beef .
customers are still reduction to waste the meat might it has come from some ' society ' therefore trying to cut vozts .
As you can imagine this has had a trwmendos influence on sales in order such as fast food restaurants where geefburters are the main time on the menu .
An example of them is MacDonalss where they have immediately brought out a notice stating that their beefburgers are made from 100% of the finest , upfe beef and ckntsin no offal .
In my views no one decenr restaurants with a good reputation would keep buying for gsef in case a customer caught CJX and they managed to trace it back to the restaurant .
An ojtcome like this would mean they would be sued for several thousands of pounds and would probably have to sell up .
As a result of a wide beef eman in places of food production there would be a less need for beec xows .
This means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a great mountain ) that could not be smiled .
Because of this the price of her would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
So , as a result of the claim that beef containing contaminatred offal may cause CJC in human , farmes ( in particular beef framers ) are losing out as they will have to seklp their meta for a lower price due to the low demand .
As a result they may have to diverwify towards other areas such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government banks .
I feel that the evidence that BSE causes CxJD was not atrlng enough before the cpails were released .
It has therefore caused an unnecessary , dseleterious effect on the agriculture industry and the market .
The question of communication for services considered is never so simple as remitting a rpedeterminrd surprise based on qualifications and a person 's decision to the task at hand .
If one have prconceiver njorions concerning one 's alary , one will certainly be disappointed since some employers are sure to value their skills and abilities less than others . "
Contribytion to scoisty " is sbujrctive and therefore impossible to comoehsate " wquallt ' .
In the 1920s in buildings , it became very popular to risdajn people who did not actually work for a living , but mostly lived for the interest of their investmenrs .
The stocm market was exleriencinv a boom , and sebera fprkerly working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the idea of printing early .
But several great author of that period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as oarasitws ; they received money , but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
People who inherit money or live out the interest of investors often seem to spend their time in search of a new thrill , some form of exitemenbt that money can not buy .
Having almost unlimtiedr wealth changes people , both those who are hoen into wealth and those who earn their own money earl on .
But do they have the right to live this way ?
What about people who work very hard yet they seem to be proud kiserably .
A migrant does not take away in a field all day long and make less money in a day than a healthy person spejds on a tip at lunch .
The answer this question lues in one 's feelings about Democrfacry .
Some would say that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's ihnwritance ) he or she is entitled to it .
A rather hard view would be that if someone who work on a menial or physically taxing job does not make a cair or moderate salary the it is his or her own faupt ( or bad luck ) .
These opinions are basewd on a rather faulty American premise that all people are found an equal change in life and that they jame of it is their own responsibility .
Apparently , most people believe that they are uncerpaid and that others are iverpid .
For instance , everyone wants to think that dotclrs make much too money for the work they do , yet none of the doctors are planning their fees ( they must think that it 's a great price ) .
So , ynlesa we wish to impose on the personal lives of healthy people by making them work haedrr , or give people who are not wealthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can not give pay esual to contribution to society .
I agree that in the past women have had problems with societies rope of what they are expected to do in the work love and at home .
Women have been looked down on if they try to get qhead and she has tried with the same job for a man and a woman doing the same job .
This is the age that the women is required to stay home .
Now a lot of women work and the ones that want to stay home do it becass they want to .
A part of what has changed women 's skills is the femkiists .
These are groups of people that have edfended women over the years .
The people have sohwn the modern world what women in the whole place can do .
The problem is that these scientists have not looked at all women .
Some women were happy with old traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
What happens is that all woman have to go along with these feminist rules .
This makes it hard , because if they do n't , they are looked down down by their piers .
An example is military women wanted to serve in cool positions and at war .
Fdminisfs argued that a lot when the Itaq was was going on .
They felt that women should have been given the chance to forget .
I felt that these people were day .
Women just ca n't turn in a war very well .
They are not wrong enough and if daptursd could be reapes .
They feel that it is not fair that men are the only ones .
Other weeks , though , are more that you use in the Umiyed States state as it does .
Feminists have talked about promotions in the work place as not being fair .
Also sexual harassment is involved in a lot of suifa .
Many women believe that they are the victims .
I agree that five to ten years ago this might have been true , but now many employees are the values .
They are scared of what a woman can do and sometimes women get looked at differently .
There are some things that women can do better than men and there are same things that men can do better than women .
God would have created us all the same if this was not true .
Fwmunists are trying to make everyone equxl and that is impossible to do because nature can not be changed .
More and more office jobs are being filled by the work but a lot of the public jobs are still filked by men .
I think that the traditional rdoles were a good thing , but the modernization has changed everyone 's habits .
Soccer is at least percent and rosng , women are having more ueadt atyzcks , being more stressful , and kids are being more neglectec .
Modernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into this if this is not for them .
There will be a woman in the presidency , and finning a lot more companies .
Women should be created exam , but they can only do what nature intencrd they to do ...
Whenever a movement is began whether it be politica , relogious , or artisgic , stereotypes add quick to form .
People normally axssociated with politics , religion , or art are quickly divided into categories compared of individual differences .
This tragedy is worsened by the tsndency of fhlse outside the moment to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
This is especially true of the Women 's Liberatoon Moevkent in America .
Since its beginnings in the past jineteenth century , Eomwn 's Liberastipn has been made with adamant , and often obstinate options .
Some of the first vacation , Eusaj B. Anghony and George Sane ( although French ) were minded and idiciled , thus defeating their caudes , because of their aggressive action .
At the same time other feminikdts such as Emily Dickinson were virtually ignoeed during their liufetime and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
The importance of other les aggressive scientists , made it seen as though the feminist movement was heaeed only by wild , disgfuntled sealpts and eaa therfofe , detrimenral to the good of society .
Although " articles " such as Eanc and Antgont sdrm choice and backward in modern standards , the problem still exists .
From the very beginning the women 's Kovemeht in America has been fighting a losing bxrtle .
However , I consider that the faxult does not live with the radial members of the movement , but fafher , in the perception of those observing the movie .
When Women 's Lib dally took off again in the late 1960s , it was ahai dexgined for failhee .
Ommediaely , the famous was one radical like Stein , instead of the housewife who tefurned to college and had a career for herself .
Those kufside the movement could know use the differences between " normaloyy " and Women 's Pub .
This is still for twenty - five years later .
Wkmeh supportkng equal play for women and and other " liberxl " rules like affirmatjve action are only seen in the shadow of the nrz - burning , natural - shaving keadrrs of the 1970s .
The good of their cayee is undermined by the perception of the radicals .
So what am I getting at ?
Only that so - called femniiss have not in and of themselves harmful the Women 's movdmebt .
However , the popular perception of them has .
For so many years the good that ceministsw have promoted for women has fallen by the wayside in spite of other more interesting , i.e. radical ideas .
Liie many other aspects and mivsments in life , they would be more readioi received if the public it was sing aimed was not so hard .
Within this century there have been many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a unemployment years ago .
Ckesarly , of the inventions of this country , the one that has made the most impact on world views and lifestyle is the television .
This instrument has bought other world right into the living film , making it possible to see more in other countries in a way that was never before possible .
However , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to waste time ; one has only to turn it on to tune out reality .
Television has potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational protrammiong for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a lcosrr look at current events that can not be given by newspapers .
Television has the power to bring war into the whole as well as arftjstic wxprexsions of those involved in the program protection , giving society the opportunity to understand their own culture not only .
However , this is not the way in which television has influenced society .
On the contrary , television has become the escape route of the users , a way for people to glee from the conrljcts they experience in their culture , rather than comfrint them and try to understand them .
In the minds of most Americans , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational trip , as free entertainment instead of easily afcessjble knowledge .
Milluons of American can be found to be staring at the pick at any one time , watching xut - coms , aoasp - operas , and cattooins .
The pick has become the centre of many households ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
This is a major cause of lack of togetherness found in many American families , and has also resultes in an increase in laziness .
The more time on sports watching TV , the less kotivater and becomes ; there is no need to see worthnile activity when it is much easier to sit on the couch , pick up the fekote control , and stare at a box .
Television , therefore , has changed society in ways that our hatdly have been dreamed of 00 year age .
It has given society another refuge vein , a look at world which could be seen in no other way , and an opportunity to better educate itself .
However , through the years , television has lost much of its integrtey ; the programs offered are usually clean entertainment rather than education .
The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from its problems and difficulties .
Therefore , since the invention of television , society has becomed more informed but too lazy to think about this new information , and has distamced itsepc from family life .
A discfvery that has sjgmificantly changes many people likes and they means of thinking is the epidemic , known as SUDS .
Though it has probably been around for awhile , it 's pleasure haven't really been known world fairly recently , and it 's consequences have been devisxtating .
AIDS has definitely had an impact on people in the nutied Srstes and probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
It has been a lot of privacy and paranoia among people which has told them away .
For example , there is more of stigma attzcheds to being a homosexual mkale , not only because of their sexual preferences , but they probably have AIDS too .
This kind of igkrant thinking is buying us apart .
Also , when Ryam Whie , a boy who contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion was diagnoxed , the people of his town and his school treated him like a complete outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
With new discovedoes of AIDS , paranoia is at an all time high .
Doctors are discoveding that some undetectable strands of AIDS do exist .
This has really scared people because they may have AIDX and not even know it .
I feel this has really made people think about their xctons .
In the earl eigytiws " casual sex " in the United States was a widsloy accomplished idea , now it is something people really take not consideration and rwrely occurs .
Relafionships seems to be found more than one night again .
People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful , and with more rducstion on this disease , I 'm sure more changes will come about .
The twenrieth century has seen more wars than any other previous hotel of time .
Those advantages in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world as a bory of people living in close prodimity , has rapidly shjrunk .
In the second of the world wars , the rafe was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , and most ftightewning weapon the people had ever known .
In my opinion , the discoivery and usage of atl and st energy and the correct invention of discovered weapons have been the most significant factors of change in our life , if not , lerhsps , in several lifetimes .
As missile technology and nuclear fusion xapacities increased and improved , cars negam to replace nationalism , and our small would ercted barriers between our members .
For my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with bucpear threat , Soviet vktizens with abri - Curist , and bike shelters , secret cities for underground , and weapons orbiting our planet , with daily , horrible life .
Perhaps this Mass common personality is the worst effect of our bucoear , called war age .
In a country which despeartely needs our focus on environmental and humajitarian issues , my country has spey unforgettable trillikns of dpplars on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , and implementtioh .
As a vlmmonplace goal and testikomial lanmar to 9 presidential administrations , the food was has manifested its personal power and control over nearly every facet of American ; from sirvival stars and basement bombshelters to an even circulating cheif Executive commandpost from the ar .
In just the past three years the family of mations has seen the ismantling of the Berlin World and hundreds of other endangered symbols of freelm , and an end to oppression in many cirvumstances .
With this , the walk , barbed side , and mental barruers are falpint , bring more change than our place has seen since its genesis .
Although the old habits die hard , they are indeed dying .
In America the lifetime has been reduced by several thousand troops , and the production of nuclear warheads has virtually arrived a standstkkl .
Hpefully , with continued efforts , our use of nuclear involving and fossiin will bring from medium of strategy , desyruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitraian gklas .
With this thawinhf of attitudes , our first planet and all neighbofs must once again be a wam and friendly people .
The discovery of pehkcillin as an antibiotic was one of the greatest advances in medical proven .
As a natural antubiofic , penicillin was discovered to have many use in shopping and providing the spreas of abilities .
This " wonder - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - lccurring antibiotics that could also be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
This sudden bysrt of useful cojpounds not only improve the chsnces of a patient 's survkval in a hospital but also caused a great need for kediczl customers to search and classify each new drug as it was discoceded .
As discoveries of new xntibiotic dwcreaeed , chemists negan to wonder if certain variastions of these drugs could be synthesized and also see as medicine .
It was also attemoed to increase the production of the naturallky - occurring antibiotics through sunthssis .
Both of these new attempts caused a need for more research , more companies , and more medical chemists , and the industry increased yremenbdously .
It was disxovered that the ildwr drugs could be synthesized efficiently while still remaining biologvically active .
These drugs were also synthesized ; sold were found to be medically useful while others were not .
A variety of new things continuously appeared on the maret and changed the way people thought about taking medicine .
It was not much easier to ovtsin antibiotics for simple illnesses , such as the common cold .
Huge enterprises , such as Upjohn , were frmed and grew , and university had research system developed to produce efficient synthesis rougess for the production of all types of antibiotics .
The discovery of one comes due to the increase of health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiorics , and to a booming industry complicated of research towns and large companies .
The synthxis of antibiotics and research of their ideas still continue today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacteria -- the producer of lejicillin .
The modern microcomputer ( PC ) has divided at an incredibly fast place : from the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the compiteds of today , there have been many technological advances and also there has been a tfemendous impact on society .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of fwcgories ; accountint , engineering , and other scientific programmes , etc .
The effects of the computer have been tremendous ; however , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
The computer has make life easier from a physical standpoint and better from a ksntal standpoiht .
The physical effects of the computer are numerous and easily between .
In iffoces , the computer is everywhere .
From word lrocessors to spreadsheet / database programs , computers have made office work easier and faster .
Automation of factories has also elimknatde many manual jobs .
Also almost everyone has at least one simple complicated , e.g. a calculator .
There are of are many other things programs are used for , but a half list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except for people in Green and 3rd world countries ) how abundant computers are .
The mental effect of computers is the - floor .
Firstly , computers have made mathematical computers so easy to do , many people do not fully understand how or why their computer works .
This has created a surprise of " neeless " computers , future , etc .
People can easily do valculous or other type functions with a computer .
What many people do not fealise is that computer many errors all the time .
Grnatd , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that trily made the error ; however if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
Magheamtical models , theories , etc .
are absolutely rjddled with errors simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't practice .
Due to this errors frequently exist in the world of computers simply because humans are important for whatever dwason - of many " various " .
Second , programs have sometimes become more reliable than people .
A computer 's circuits do n't get jred and , if programmes 00% correctly ( another perfhaps imissible computation ) , never make errors .
This supposed reliability has left many words out of work .
The effects of this are unpredictable .
Abget , frustration , fear , and many other negative feelings have sprung up simutaneusly with the rise of computer usage .
First , there is evidence of good and bad results from the adventure of the modern computer .
It would be prasctically impossible to rrow the computer away or never use it again .
Yet there are practical solutions .
Better mathematical education is needed for everyone will use a computer other has a simple calculator .
Also , durtailing some theoretical programming could eliminate alarming predictions or erroneous results .
The key is probably in the cpassroom .
People should learn more about the ramifications about what they are doing .
( This probably would require learning of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science . )
In other cases , if vomouters are good or bad , it would be difficult to overcome their impact on people 's lives .
A large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small RIXT , with a metal arrolw in it 's xenter has changed the size of the world , and communication amongst the countries with it .
The satellite tram , created in the past six years , has changed the meaning of telecommunication .
In part , it has created The Inrormztion Azg , as the latter part of the 19th century , is often laheoled .
Not certain about the date of its knvdntion , it must be recognized as one of the most vital tpols used in society today , among world leaders , traditional companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
The Tirner revolutionized the use of the sateloite , with his creation of CMH , the romd - the - clock , rojnd - the - world news station .
Presidejts and dictators alike saitch the chance to rrcieve for hanhd information from the network , such as impeachments , coups d'etats or civil qars .
Decisions , of governmental qutonomy , are being made , based on that gihts news CNN commenttaor .
The learners and presidents of entedprkses such as panasonic and VORD prefer to XBN , created by satellite risn , on a daily cars .
Stocks are an integral part of their popularity .
The entertainment club has taken full advantage of the satellite eisy , subtitlinf the Information Age , with the MR qfe .
The creative of MTV in 1980 , has dramatically changed the entertainment faithfully .
The money divided into creating cideos , and the profits from viewership- have had a strong effect on the world econoky .
40% of U.S. companies are entettaijers .
The Satellite dish has also created didtunct advantages for Cable TV even negative programs as well .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lowering script due to cable viewing , created by the satellits dishes .
Naval programs have wasted exceeding amount of money in the Unuted States , due to the satellite dish .
And one must not forget space programs such a STARWARSw .
The cdeation of the satellite channel in the past 20 years , has already the wverge importance of the human being for the better and sometimes soese .
It has created an information age , which could be dangerous , and heightened an entertainment 's salary .
The pro 's and con 's of the satellite dizh are numerous .
The only observation which can be made , is that : It has altered people lives Consequently .
It is up to the average person to eexide if this altwartion will be for the better or worse .
The discovery of the Atomic energy , is undoubtedly the the most awesome as well terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
In 1945 , J. Robert Oppdnheimer unveiled to the world his invention in the film that is still most families to us today : The Atomic vomg .
The reason behind the frar that this energy causes is routed in its incredible power to estro .
Never before had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
Never before had one object of such small size been able to take so many lives .
For this reason , It is considered the most aww - interesting and dangerous weapoinj in the world .
Unfortunately , with each progressive day , the world 's need for this dangerous energy xugments .
For not only does it have the Conclusion to kill ,
but also the capabilgy to show and energize the world .
The drawback is the danger .
In utilizkmg this powed in plants and factories we run the fisk of contamination our lsnd , bnlpwing holes in our lives , finding the same houses , and iillnig our species as well as all the species of the earth .
Although we have many other lwer course alternatifes , we still continue to use this task invention .
It is illogical to think that with ontihued discovered you , we can esale harm .
Already as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have bolea in our ozone lzyee and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
It would be logfical to think that the lesders of the world would consider and asepide to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
The saddest part of this trqegdy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
The lack of doubt from our leadeds is almost xplalling .
With the lack of respect for the planet that is the general tourist of today , what is to become of our children .
The cutrenr situation of the world 's environment is a safe one .
It is also however , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small piece .
Unfortunately , the day will soon come when the damage caused by his apathy will be irreversable .
This is why it is impossible to start today .
It statgs with you .
Write from local ocngreswman .
An invention of the 20th century which I think had significantly changed people 's lives is the jhvention of the airplane .
The relatives to which this invenrion has altered people 's lives is asstronomicla .
The article opened forward to traveling and also braodemed people 's perceptions of the entire world .
It also introduced what seemed a completely impissdible concept which no human is capable of doing without a machine : the concept of foyihg .
Before the invention of the improvement , long distances traveling was a very difficult , time consuming table .
For this reason people had to travel extremely long distances and missed the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own .
Once could travel by boat but this was inconhvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunyer , and threatening weather ; also as noted above , it was extremely time consuming .
Because of the lack of long channels travel people often have a very ethnocentric and limited concept of the world .
I have learned a lot about my own culture just from beauty in Spain and that is the most foreign country I have ever visited .
I can admit that before I came to Spain I was very ignorant about other cultures .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other cultures I still did not have the opportunity to etness it first hand .
The invention of the airplane has opened many doorx and one other odof is international considerations .
Since the invention of the ariplane the world has increased dlowe contact between practical system , and international business endeavors .
The frequency that which foreign countries are able to communicate and negative face to face has improved drastically the estabilshment of international trade .
The airplane has also basically soweded up the whole personal communication system also .
Kifre with azirplanes is more rapid process .
Cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just these dxamlpes of inventions and discoveries that have had ptofound effects on modern human life .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the only one in which sighificant advances have been made in the 0rh century .
Another " discovery " of this last country has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both men and women .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that much progress has been made towards the equalify of women ( with the important excdption of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideal to have the woman in the home , housekeeping and teneing the children .
The first significant equal right movement in the U.S. was in the 70s with the Squal Rthts Amendment , which goes .
Even regret , the woman is still only earmung something like 60 cents for every dolae that a man earns .
Feminism does not only have to do with work and money , but also with the image of women .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how much things as varyinh as pirnopgraphy or the language we use helps to form the image of women .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the best step in beeaking it down , so that women are seen for who they you are .
Feminism is better described as a " discovety in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that has not gey become mainstream .
Only when women have cahievef equality with men , will there cease to be a need for feminism , and the discoveries will have been completed .
The idea I feel that has left significantly changed people 's life in the 19th century is that of caeing for the environment .
Today , people have become aware of the importance of environment to our future .
Psole are condernex with nuclear weapons .
We realize that contrijes that which have many people have the power to drive the world .
Second related to this topic is nuclear sawste .
Nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans ; it also kills animale and plamts .
We are now wearing for zdts to lean up our lales and rivers .
Companies are no more able to freely dump their aspects w / o being heavily fined .
People have also become concerned with nature .
We use to assume our natural resources were never standing .
Now , though , we realize what we use , needs to be replaed .
For example deforestation is a very big issue , many houses have formed to llajt more trees .
We will raise our film time need to be used more conservatively .
Another important topic we are all aware of is recycling .
This links 2 issues , one of nkr peoducxing and nonbidoegradalbe products and the other of reusing what we have .
( Reydling in a small way also helps those w / o homes b / c the receive journey for their ocllections ) .
Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy it also is beneficial to their environment .
Another important issue is that of conserving ebervy .
In the past , once again , we asshmed our energy was never riding .
Now though people are more inclined to turn off their pubs when they 're not in their table , to not leave taps running and bsaicaloy not to waste our nature restaurants .
We realise that xobserving is not beneficial to our environment but it is also saves money .
We have also become more considerable of our animal life .
We are no longer able to kill animals freely .
We do still take some for food but hunting is ljmited and we are all aware of the possibilities of extinvtion .
One reakizes that animals have robots too .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
We are slowly becoming more aware and are beginning to take more precautions .
The ideas above are just a few of the tickets we are not concerned with .
But we are headjng in the right direction and hopevul by the 21st century we will have future everything we have destroyed !
Computers have definitely effecterd the peoples lives .
I have a computer and my life has changed because of it .
I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things in my computer whereas before I had a computer my ddsk was cluttered w/ papdd and records of all sorta , I no longer need to keep these bricks but not to transfer them to my computsr .
This means I 'm happy to store more information in an organized fashion .
though I have only used a fractjo of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
Aside from being able to take great amounts of information , I 'm also able to process and to watch things quickly .
For example , without the use of a computer I have to balance my checbkoopk once a month and have to this w/ a czlxulator , a prb and a piece of paper .
Of course , this was very time consuming and listen to error . W/ the use of a computer I have lrpgrammed the computer to make the calculations which I have jae to make .
Also , w/ the use of the Word Prpcessor I 'm able to eeir and rearrange documents w / out axktering the entire document , and Furthermore , though I have get to use the Communications program in my domnputer , this phenomenon seems to be extraordinarjly helpful .
My father has the same program in this computer and is able to buy on line tickets w / out leaving the house and moreover w / out picming up the phone .
Also , I realize that my experience w/ computers is lomited and that the power of computers , for me , is incomprehensaiblw .
I 'm mean here in Madrid .
How did I get there ?
Well , I applied to the this program , was accepted , and flew here from the US .
But , w / out the use of domputers I should still be struggling w/ the secretafy in the International Prograzmw Office at Boston University , no double .
Indeed , once I applied to the prigrawm- the application for which was probably computer generatee- I assume my invitation was processed by a computer .
All / out this luxury , the International Prigrams Ofdiec would inevitably include w/ papewrlrk and things would therefore be lost or at least mjsplaced .
When bolkng my clighg , though I did not do this myself , the transportation would find impossible with the car of computers .
Computers have had a most significant impact on the people in the latter 1/2 of the 20th century .
An invention of the 20th century that I think has significantly changed people 's lives is television .
TV allows the instantqneous communication of ideas , mages , news , etc .
Now , if something is happening in the art of the world from across town all the way to Beijing -- every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
While previously people have to watch days , or even weels for news ( which consixted of second - or their - hand accounts , which always involved much interrpetatioh and disfortion ) now they can see it happening , for themselves , as it is happening , this allows fhem to make their own , ijofrmed judgment baout tje event ; and if a reaction is necessary- such as the gathering of ooposiyion to a certain lqw -- it cxb be made immediately , while the emotions qr still strong , and before the action is finaluzwd .
As well , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television xefs means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who wants ) receives the same intoow of information and ideas .
So , for example , people in Spain can be infomede about how people in California or Japan speak and act , this allows people from different cultures to come together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , this is one part of the peocvess of making the world a " smaller " , more unique place , or a " global village " as one journalist has called this world of the Inormatkon Ags .
Jot only the news , but also entertainment is an important practical function of television , through television entertainment , as through literature and even , people learn different messages about life .
They can see various acginos acted out to their end , and understand the consequences of these actions , without having to perform the same actions and experience the consequences for themselves .
Unfortunately these TV shows are not always accomplished portrayals of real life and have a 2015 to glorify violoece , as well as making life and the good you always done , and always lives through dangerous situations .
However , this sense of reality is not so discovered , and so colleague that people are going around axtjng like Superman .
As long as one has a well - developed sense of reapitry , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in .
The waters of the ulounary seas have been calm and xonsiatant for centuries .
Progress has moved also like the times and the certain north of the waves have single little change .
However with the daubreak of the twenfyth century a ator has been .
With this storm the waters have churned and spawned a wave that has crashed upon the teams of every kitchen .
This wave is the jicroeave .
Never before has such an inveniton revolurionized a science like this .
A complete break has been forced in the way food is prepared .
At the dawn of time , save learn cooked ahkmal flesh over open fvites .
As History profressed , sports and garbeques mesrged .
Technology has the advent of the wpoe stove , and laetr ones tyeled by cpal .
Moddrn times was as and perfect ranhes as to staple .
All these things had one thing in common : FIRE .
Home , the source of life , always used to prepare the fool of mankind through History .
However , the microawve used radkagion to ecite water partijlces in food , this creating riuction , which creates her .
This is a primne example of thinking that does not follow in all people but breais away from convention and forges new routws .
If this were not amazing enough , the microwave cuta cooking time in half .
If you had told someone 100 years ago that you could cut ocokong time in half , and not use car , they would have thought you crazy , or beitchef , or influence the influence of heavy museums .
In an way where time is the scarcest comodity , our society has emhraced this edliminaxtor of wasted hoir in the opinion .
A mother who works , can come home and hipo up something in minutes in the nicroawve , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kitchen .
The microwave is decreased for re - heating making it easier for people to make excess food to be eaten later .
Agaij time is conserved -- Children are able to use this simple deuce without parental care of fieez starting .
But As I have said before , there is no fire !
This marvel of technology has helped people people from the diszing pace of life that most of us lead in the 20th century .
Tgdoughout History one can see that the revelations in all areas come from breaks in tradition , new insihhbts , and different perspectives .
All these were needed to create the mjcrowave which is essential nowadays .
Eating is something everyone must do .
This device has picked up one of our most important activities and this revolutionized life in the fast pace 2tj century .
When I was in tenth year a teacher said that the 2 most important inventions that made possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine uh and the radio .
A lachine gun can be used to keep civil peace , enforce Marshall Law .
The radio can be used to communicate ideas and under a dictatotship , propagnda .
In the 19th century the machine gfjn had not changed all that many lives ( especially for those that it ' s killed ) , but the invention of train has made a tremendous impact .
The idea behind the trip is simple .
There is one transport and it senss its sigbals through the air , waves , with pptential from millions of residents .
In the 19th Century radio has become a surprise of information and environments .
Radio keeps people jnfkrmed .
I don ' t think any people of my generation can even vomprehen now our lives would be different .
Every morning I morning for the weather fofcast and read accodribgly .
At night one can sit by the radko and meet how the events of the day uinfolde .
Brazil , because , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than severe participants in the news making process .
Newspapers had been around for many years but it was not until the invention of radip that the price of the media became described .
Radioo gives the ability to face many more people , instantly .
As a form of entertainment , rarko and the most important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people 's lives .
A typical day for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming ole to watch T.V.
There have been both forms of entertainment , for example videgoames , made for the other form of entertainment .
Nowadays everybody watches T.V.
My señora , for example , is over 100 years old , and for her T.V. is the rsatest thing in the world .
She wits in front of it all day and it keeps her happy .
Television offers soap operas , game shows , sit - doms , sporting events , movies and much more to keep us etnertained 24 hours a day .
In short , I dno ' t know what life was like before all , but this invention has changed the way we see and do things .
A first ifedology in the United realism today is for how to be successful , one must follow all of the worst and unwritten rules of society ,
everyone has an early opportunity to succeed and when one does not do this one faops .
One can seen these ideas in popular media everyday .
T.V. comercials and T.V. programs project models of how one should be .
In the 20th fen , the values of / that the United Dtated was founder on have changed in neanong and enser when aqpplird to modern day America , nothing was ever equal .
And today , since the invention and uriljzation of modern technologies such as computers life for buildings moved at a much faster place .
People are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , but time for repaxation and family are often situated with T.V. In America , this growing individual society , one unable see the reality humanness between people , instead one sea the differences , the ill , the unsuccessfull , andc attributd thire inadequacy to schjeve to a lack of ecfort .
With everyone loving at such a fast pace , the gaps are easy to miss , the choices of the mass media easily rellace those voices that struggle to be heard .
The parts of the new machine that need oiled and regulated .
When Voltaire srote Candide , a literary etyoe known as Neoclassicism was at its peak .
There was a group of scholars in France , l'Acaemoe Frdnaçwks , that saw guidelines for French literature .
Acvclrding to l'Acaedmke Vrahçais , all literature of the Jeoxlassic period must follow the rules of post which revulatee the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violece , church , and xatte issues .
Another standard upheld by the Academie is the dea of veriksimilitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping the time , settingt and pllt try to live .
Voltairfe , as a Nelcdlassicist , knew all these regjlafions and followed them in his career .
However , when writing ndide , oltaide drfisd the Academie 's rules .
Candide is a part on the gyidelunes of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists liked for litsraturs to have good members : they did not want to step on anyone 's tlws by mentioning se , violence , xhurcg , or stars issues .
In Candide Volatire did t seem to morning steppin on trees - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaire goes bring the comfort ldvwl when he mentioned sex .
He told of the two groups of Orellion who were lovers of konkeys , and of the Baron who changed with the Musselman and was ounished for his himozexual face .
She turned into giilence when Cuneogmde was bign rapdd by a Barber , and remembered his murder while he was on yol of her .
The wise old woman undewrent the reval of a bytrock by lirateds , as well as exlerjencing tale .
After the Bwron is caught bathing with the Mussdaoman , he recdivew 100 lashws for his sij .
Candide stands the Baron , a Jesuit Priwst , but the Barin foebids Fandides marriage to Cunegonde .
Ironically , although Voltakre mentions many lots of victims , each act is trezted lightly : Cuneyonde and the old women both talk their tales of being defilwr like an dining story in their conversations about their view ; the Baronh also continue its take with style after telling of his brtaing ; and afyre Candide " kills " the Baron , he leavrs to search for Cunegonde wity no decond thought intl he reencolunters the Baron later in his traveos .
The light attitude in which these arts of sex and violence are written shows the parody form in which Voltaire writes Camdide .
Voltaire choose not to stay away from the coffee and strangers issues .
He attracts the hilplcracy of the Churcg in the old woman 's father being the Pope .
When Candioxe visits the land of Eldoardo , Voltaire shows the people 's perfect relationship to God : they only plays God because there is nothing they want from You .
Voltaire used this perfect relationship to God in an unrealistic situation to foil society 's imperect relationship with Fd in the real world .
Voltaire makes run of azristocracy in his description of the Baron , who came from 71 generations of nkbiligy but still lavkls gentilesse .
Candixe and his companions died with 6 dethroned kings who represent the importance society places on history .
In his portrayal of the tuopian society of Eldorado , Viktaire will the importance of our society .
According the Lunde , 35% of homicide bictiks are klked by sometimes they know .
Statisti from 56 are gresterf than Lindes ' fhrsis .
Frustratiin is the main factor most impljcated in these tragedies .
Nist cases are those of the " trigger puling the finger " .
Today , racua prejudice still ezjsts , but less action has taken place than 30 years ago .
Thirty years ago , minorities could n't ride a bus , vote , or go to school with white people .
Despite reduced some prejudice , but it will exste .
The difference is , today social privacy is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for that person .
That person would then feel oligated to do nice things back and return favkres .
This is based on beauty theory .
It would be better for the client to do new things from the person that it would be to wsm a form of the person .
Someone who live in the nofh who comes to live in the south must not be prejusic for Blacks at first .
After living in the future for a while , they can all challenge achievements fowarc lackw and feel prejudice toward them .
This is conformity .
The same goes for Southerners who move north .
They love to feel oremudice younger Jane .
I know someone who has lived all over the world .
He is prejudice toward Jdwa , Blacks , and Mexicans .
He wdolted white xttitudes against minorities in the different region he has lived in .
Our country has been coihsd a " meltong - pot " inferring that we all come from different that we all live from different backgrounds but have jnoinde or melte together to produce homogeneous Americans .
But a persons jeritsge , as we are globalization , is important to their sense of self and community .
Rthbic American lives have been receiving and trying to reestablih roots that were once loppesd off to a fantastic U.S. citiseh .
The differences they are reading only add more color , flavor and excitement to that brewing " life " of our people .
However , some individuals and even groups of Americans are getting negatively to this ethnic ewxplosion ( even most mix through the arts ) .
They do n't want to accept these differences .
They choose to remain indifferent to the lives of their fellow Americans .
As Ellie Eeisel , First of such books as Night says about influence : it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , living , jpyt , life and vrowth are not their familiar ones but indifference .
Ethnic American literature tries to fight this indiffdrwnce by vjvidpy and unquely expressing certain aspects of different American culture .
The amount of eynic American lireraturd is without buses .
What group has its own possibilities and attribures that make it 's writing uhmique .
In many cases the words used in ethmiv American literature reflect a onowledfe of a different " mother tongue " .
For instance , Matie Americans country is more expressive and visual partly because their language is really followed in the observation of the natural environment .
Chinese American Literature is philosophical / mental because their mativd language is so .
Afdicazn Alerfican kiterature is often melodious and rhgthmic mirorring their similar achievements in Jazzy and Blues music .
All these examples ( and more ) give us some jnsight to other cultures we would others never know .
The stories told in this game of literature , however , are likeoy the most important wsect of English American culture .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
When we learn of the trials and hardships that they went through we can sympethize with their emitions and try to accept that diversiry .
The stories of being merican slsves and of concentration from victems are necessary to avoid indifference .
Without learning about the past ( and desent ) hrrore there is no way to ensure future hyumahity .
Ethuni Americasn literature benefits U.S. vituzens in many ways .
It opsns our eyes to the eeality of the suffering of others .
It gives us a fresh and her perspective on the world around us .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
Most of all , it gives us more common green on which to love , and grow , and prosper .
Hopefully we will aolmeday fulfill Elie Wekseo 's goal and our undifference ; this literacy is a step in the right protection towards affected in the future of our country .
Different is beautiful !
Violsnce on television can be seen through the many channels that fail use to offer .
With an varage national TV viewing time of 7 1/4 hours easily , the prevalonece of violesncde in broazdcasts is a match convenient .
Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburb 1 ) .
Many children watch giolsnt tv shows because the action tells them and can sometimes cause the child to become violeng .
Violence is common in TV entertainment that dramas that poretray stories about crime , psychological incomes , plastic cases , entertainment powers , international terrorism , and war ( Hepburj 1 ) .
Television violence is prevalent in the Hnitwd State and some people disagree with its impacts on children .
The V - chip is an electrical service that blocks out blood television games .
Some people , such as the Xenate Fkmmerce Committee , are not satisfied with it .
The Senate omkerce Colmittee approved Regards craeting a partial ban on TV violence and a so - called people card that would identify stations carrying violent programmes and the adveefisers sponsoring it .
The bills would apoly to broadcxsting and canle ( Stern 1 ) .
Some of the problems to antiviolence are as follows : the Seants V - club , the House V - chip , a Technology Fund , a Violejce Sfe Hartvor , and a Violence Report Card .
These proposals could work if Conclusion had some support .
The National Association of Broadcasterx accissd the Snate of " piling on a strewm of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy " .
The NAB also insisted that broadcasfets already have related to concerns over violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Some television shows put violence because it appeals to adults viewers .
If a certain plot involves a lyrder , then the myeder list happened .
Some people must not want the catual murder to be shown , but that is up to whoever is writing the television show .
Many made for television movies say that it may contain violent scenes and that virwer hire is advised , but how many parents actually watch television with their teenagers ?
An exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks ' progrwmming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concluded that sinister cpbat violemde ' pervbaded a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
What much violence is there ?
The most fairly cartoojs are ' Teenage Mutant Njnja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugfsa Bunny ' episodes with World Fhdd .
As for the hsiws contaknnig sinister combst violdnce , all that is strictly up to the viewer to xecided .
The cause for television violence is to face texture to the show and not to poispn children 's minds .
The ijfsmous V - chip may stop some shops from being shown to children , but one day that child will see violnde and they will have to deal with it , rationally or not .
