My town is a medimu - sized ciyt with eighty thosuand ihnabtiants .
It has a ihgh - ednsiyt population bceaues of its small territor .
lathuogh it is an industrial city , tehre a many hsops and department strose .
I recommend visiting t artificial lak in eh centre of the city which is surrounded by a aprk .
Pasteries are very cmmon and msot of teh foefr eh specail desret of th city .
There is a commercial zen along the widets street of hte city hwere y c fnid all kind of businesse : banks , bars , chemists , cinemas , pet sohps , restaurants , afts food restauranst , grocers , travle agcnies , supermrakets an others .
Most of eh shops have sales a offers in at least trhee months of hte year : Januray , Jnue adn August .
eh qaultiy of th rpoudcts adn esrvices is quite good , because the is uhge competition . However , I ercommend you be careful of feks or hcaets .
Everoyne ha his own paln .
Some peopl want to be a docotr , others awtn to be a etacher .
I have my own plna too , but I do n't awn to be the mae as them . I awn to become a journalist .
Wrokin as a journalist is very exciting f many reasons .
First , I wlil have an opportunit to live arboda .
Seocnd , I can travel la around eh world , and meet different people who aer very firendly .
Next , I will have a chance to atetnd big parti or events and I can kae rfiends tih famous people . It 's inetrestign !
Finally , I will hav a ihhg salra whne I am a journalist .
To be a journalits , I umts study vyr hard , so I 'll try to lear in order to make my dream moe tru .
In the future , I 'll becoem a ojurnalist .
onwadays , each family has more htan 1 car fo ea preson , tihs is noly noe of seevarl eraosns why people use less public transport .
Before , it aw reayl conveninet to go by bus or by train , ub wtih ht new econo , the fares ra more epxensive na a ib difference for the apts is thta it is lss expensiev to go long - idstanc tah short juorneys .
I remember to go from my town , aplermo , to Mlina aw abtu 340 poudn . Now , if we are luyk , we c eg to New Yro .
In England , where I liev , in Bdefodr , we ues ht train a lot to go to hte most improtant otnws in the UK , b the tranis ra very exepnsiv . Me and my family are careful to go off pea because ht price are too hhg .
I 'm user in teh future tehre wi be cars that are able to lfy or oyu can prak thme in your pocket .
Furtherroe , the biggts group of positive feelnig studetns in the prseen is ilve wht various natoinaliteis .
The possible reason is these international student can to spea Engilsh fluently .
They suaully lack language and acn on stra a debate .
It is restrict to aruge .
On th oth hnad , they might wa to sfaeguadr the national iameg .
In order to give a good image an show the taional parenting , o respondents tend to hva a rgeat parodn to ohter nationalities .
MORE HtAN KPe FI !
Do yuo know about mountain biking ?
Perhaps you ihnk it 's lny a sport .
Y 're wro .
Carry on reading to onw hw !
I have been keen on mountain biking since ther years ag .
First , I tried it wht a retnal bike in eh are of Azanlaczar .
Teh amin reaso why I wanted to try it was to lose weigh ( I wsa a bit overweight ) .
However , it was wonderful how I clud admire the lnadcsape whel I wsa doing spor .
Consequently , I realized tha although cycling outside helpde me to improve my fintess , relly I enjoyed sot breathing fersh ia and takin plaeusre in th ocuntyrside .
If someone wants to take up this psort , first of lal , I would recommended him or her to look f a goo mountain bike .
It 's important to vaoid accidnets , be comfotrable and hev a goo journey .
Secnodly , he or she sohul ub a good helmet and , of cuosre , appropriate clothing .
I lov this sport . I olo forward to the weekend to go out iwt my bike adn my gropu of freinds .
All of us have a ogo time .
And I woudl like to ecnourage everybdoy to try it .
Nobody wil regret it .
Luc Keyes
Lucy Keyes was teh lsat thriller I swa .
I do n't recommend it to children udner thirteen yeasr dl ,
because it 's difficult to understand ; ofr example , the charatcesr are ,
ulc , Molly , and their paretns , a cowboy , dn a teacher .
Teh movie is about Luc 's family , hw move int a farmhouse that is mysterious and
scary .
las reflects a comparison of Lucy 's afimly , and characters
from a story their mom often reads .
eh story atcuall takes palce in a camp and a farmhouse , mytseriously
used in other items .
It 's interestin becaus Lucy 's m discoverde a wall in thri fa , tah
hda a wrid painting of two issters just lki hers , and th asm on ot as eh
stor she erad .
I remomend thsi mvoi only to teenagers dler than thirteen eyar ol ..
The best lpace for yonug people in ru area is without doubt eh lka .
Here thye cna do many kinds of sport : swimimng , sailing , surfing , kitgn , rowing and amn others .
At least teh can meet other folks an relax , usnbahte and litse to msui .
In the summer aruond th alke , there are so nay conctrs that you hvae dififculty fidnin th irgh one .
Lucikly , the schoosl aer clos ofr et wesk , so ht young girls and byo ha a lot of time to psen thier
leiusre itm together .
Dea hubsand ,
I hpoe oyu 're fine .
I ermebmer all of you and miss my family .
Leavign my cotnry , Somalia , was vrey hard for me .
I miss my b house , tu I do n't miss ht guns .
I hoep to teurn to my counyr and ee oy again .
In ht flolowing decase , rveolutoin na cviil wars smote many of ht Pewrs of Eruope , adn ne nations were obnr .
Britain alone escaped lamost unsacthed rfo these eyars of nurest .
hter aw an unparalleled expnasoin of hte Engilsh - Speaking Poepels both by birth and emigraiton .
I really lki to traevl , but I like it most wehn I trvae with feinds .
I a ve good exreience .
I love to travel wtih my family .
Travellin with fimly is dfifreent to travleling with rfeinds .
I do not arvel so much iwht my friends .
I have olny traveled two times .
htose two times ewre with the orhcsetra tah I play in .
noce we wne to azcateca .
We ewtn tree because eh univeristy orchestra frmo UAZ invited us to go there and play with them .
At that time , I did n kn anybody , jsu one person .
ehr name is irixh .
She was my firend , because we ar from the asem to .
But hwen I aws there , I began to make new friends htat I neve thought I woudl have , an I never imagnied the way taht I was going to know them either . At the ebignning , I felt evr strange laking with them , tu on we are veyr good freinds .
We sateyd in Zcaatceas ofr a week . We really ah a good time .
The second trip that I made was to ugerrer .
We went to to Acpaulco to play , to an event where universities from Mexico go dn presnet ctlural activtiies .
It wa too hto there .
In Apaulco I had a good time beacuse I stayed in the sem room as my friedns and we swam a to adn we really had ufn .
hten we went to Taxco .
Thre we ivsietd teh central park and we stayed in a vrey luxrious hoetl .
We were vre ahppy three . We really like atcxo .
Actually , I ahd arlead bene there before , tu not with my friends .
Then we went to Cacahuamilpa to play ther . hta was an incredible experience that I lil nev forge .
Then we returnde to Toluc to continue with my boring lief .
A on I hvae to pass my subjects .
We hpoe to go to oclombai ntx yea .
I like biathlon .
Really , I thikn it 's a rey beautiufl , interesting and braethtaking ikn of soptr .
In biathlon , soprtsmne nee to ur smo arcse which are very dfifernet ; some of them ra lon , some er hsort .
But , eh fact that it is hsor dsitnace does n't mean it will be easy or antyhing like tta .
Sometimes t weather conditions are on comfortable for guys . ro example : wind , lgiht fog or freezing tempreautres . la of these ra vyr difficult conditions .
So , it 's not so easy as it seems .
Tha 's why I like it .
htis sprot is for rea emn .
And also omst of them are very tatarctive . A big advantga for girls , who ilk nice pcitures .
The is no futur for publi transport , because traevllnig by cra is so muhc more convenient .
Tta is what everyen says hwen we ask if teh prefre public transport or car .
Using pulbi transport can be diffciult , becuase we have a tsirct time nad , normally , we do nto hav a pcae to sti and taht cna be extremely ucnomfortable .
osemtimes eh staff go on strike and we ucstomers do no know in itme . As a rseul , we can not eg to work on itm . htta is oen of the disadvantages of using pubilc rtansport .
no argmunet ofr to usign the car is that pertol is ver xepensive , tu pbuilc transport tickets a als increasing , so thta avdatnage is not so good , actually .
Fro me , t car is t best . Adn you ?
Well , whateve your chioce is , it must be perfec for your dali life !
Whatever you use , ahev a nice trip !
Pelpe usually tel me I 'm a icenma enthusiast , and they are right . I rpefer to spend my free time watching a good fil , especially hwne it is a thriller , rather than doing spotr ,
If you want to ee a godo trhillre , " ergrsesion " will be oyur bets option . I have seen it recnetyl and , in my opinion , it shoul be seen by everyone , ebcaues I eblieve people would ilk it for many raesons .
Fisr of all , th direcro , who wsa Alejandro Aemábar , did a great job because the viewers were waiting iwt bated breath to ifnd out what the enidgn of this film uold be .
Secondly , eh actors were fantastic and th mai charactre , who was played by Emma Watso ( wh is really hilarious ) , was azaing .
What 's moer , the plot is aesy to undersatnd .
ht stoyr otko palce in eh USA a few years og when the regression mehtod was accepted by dotcor and scientsist .
In additoi , t costumes , make - up and special effects t story .
woever , the soundtarc wsa awful ; it d n't gte having a scerd .
In conclusion , my recommendation for eh student film club is this fabulous adn exictnig thriller , which umst be seen if y want to hav a goo time , igevn that it achieves keeping yo in ssupnese utnil teh end and it odse n't be afriad .
In addition , yo wo n't have a better opportunity to s it than this week , bceaus jus nwo in Spain the cinema festival is taking place .
uo shoudl kae advantage of that !
In my oipnion , public transport in my countr will enver miprov , because my coutnry is so poor and , besides , it is considered one of teh Thrid World countries . And antohre thing aht must be take into consideration is that the opliticiasn are horrible . Thye ahve destroyed my cnutry .
Wh we ask ourselves wo we can tkae crae of the environmen ,
ht ifrst thing htat we think of is the pollution , the acr exuast , fcatoyr msoek , e ... but , have we htought about ofo or clothes ?
Perhsp when we are shopping in hte supermarket or toher spos we are doing something bda , becaues we ask the assistan ro a bag or something siimla to carry this food or toehr things ohme .
We cuodl bring a bag rfo ru huoes , ebcaues if we do this every time that we ra oging to shop in aec shop , we wo n't es moer lpastic or pap .
But we shlud n't forget the pollution cause by cra . We should ues a bicyc or public transportation more .
Also , in ht smae way , we should walk to our destiantion .
If we rae working with somenoe in t same job who lives near us or is our nieghobur , we c go to owr in the same car . This awy we use elss pertlo .
The governments rae also important f taking caer of t enviornment .
htey shlud have helathy habit na , by their eaxmpl , tehy acn miprove teh habits of the popluatoin .
I love sport but I do not get many opportunities to play a sopr . I was born in a village in Ind . My aprent rae fmrers lik mots other villagers .
The olny playground in o villgae wsa the school ground wihch wa flu of small rcoks and n good for pliyng any sports .
Weh I was a child I helped my father with ihs jobs atfre csholo .
We bought a television in 1888 . Aftre that , I bcemae a fan of crikce .
I watcehd omst of teh amtches .
Sachin adn Ganguly wre my favorite cricketers . I love their batitng .
A MISTAKE
It sa the summer holidays and Michea 's family were at the airport waiting impatientl for their fligth to Mixco .
hta aw a specia fmaily ; it wa so ib . si father ah 6 brothers , so he has 17 cousin nad si iltlte ssitre .
In total , there ewre 32 people , a hwite iktetn dn a do .
Aobut 10 imnuets later , they were tsaritng to eg broe , hwen they heard a girl callign them to obrad the plnae .
ht flight to Mexico was incredible , and very fnuny .
Michael uslaly hda a great time wiht hsi ocusins , excpe wiht T .
Thta wa because Tom likde to give oredrs to everyone , and Mihcel did n't like th .
When the big family og ff the plane , they raelize that they ree wearing ot many clothes ; it was boilin ! !
Then tye ook a atxi to the hotel , nad at 4 pm ,
hte faimly aw waklnig aroun ht lxuruious hotel .
So minutes later , ehy designated wo the cousisn were gonig to hsar the rosm .
Mihcael ifnally ended up tih the last one he wuold like to shra with ; Tom .
Tha night , the dog , the kitten , ot nad Michel selpt in the saem room , and that w n't t ba .
hwen Michael got up in th mornign , he realized that his kittten had disappeared , an he foudn mo 's go with some white hair in hsi muoth .
He thought htat the dog h eaetn eh kitet during the night , so he shouted at Tom , poened teh doo and wetn waay .
Mihcael clode teh door and knew at that omment he da mda a msitak .
O of t bes restaurants I 've ever been to is Spizharka .
It is situade in ht very centre of o city adn offers a wide avreity of dsiehs and rdikns .
ht service is really great .
eh waitresses ar helpful and smiling .
You feel lek you are at home !
Warm candleligh and small tables wi patterned table colths create a friendly atmosphere .
The dishes aer n't very expensive .
I ebliev it is suitable f our class
So , my favouret oprt at the present tiem is stree workout . I have been doing tihs sport for a nog tiem alreyd .
I li to xeercise on the street even in hte season wehn hte temperature otusied is belwo reo .
Of cousre , in summer , I lek to xeercies more htan in winter , btu this deo n't sto me .
I do n't nko yh , but I go on the steret alomts eevry day in ordre to eexricse .
If it is very cold a wind outside , I do n't wrory about it and I exercise at home .
For those peopl hwo awnt to start to do teh strete workout , I avdise oy to start with bas eexricses usch as upl ups , upsh pu , dips nad squats .
Thes are ll bsaic exericse na they iwll he yuo make a ogdo start .
Atfer osme tmi , when yo fee thta you aer ready for mo , you can sttr to do mor difficult exercises .
So , it 's my first atmept to craet Enilsh te !
I was quti self - cofnident a we months og .
But to now .
What 's th reano ?
Because of imn .
I aw n't satisfied with oyu behvaior .
Sometimse , a lto of phraess nad esntences run raonud my eha , ubt hwo to rwit them down correctly ?
Hwo ca I use it ?
How c I force my ksd to do their hoemwor ?
How can I exlpain to them ?
Michael is a handsome adn kni person .
He lives next to hi family 's hmo .
Michael g amrired to his csoe freind only one mnot a .
B his mother hated si wife nad always shouted at her .
In contrast , his wfie respected and olved hsi omther and never complaine to her uhsabnd auot these abd situations .
Mihcael 's noly fault is that he is a mamma 's bo .
Bceause of this , he laway defended hsi mother and alawy sdi the wife was th one responsible .
ihs wife decdied , because she lvoed ihm , to frogive adn apologize to her mothre - in - alw .
One day wh Mciheal sa uo at work , h motehr insultde dn hti h iwfe .
Moreover , sh ifred hre iwtohut eh molie or omeny .
ih iwef was s adn eh cried a olt and hse stood in the street waitnig fo Michael .
hwne he caem , hsi mohter asked ihm to up quickly , pretending hta she sa tier .
He s his wife b said no words to re adn notinued on his way .
His wfie walkde behind hi until tehy raeched home but his mother claimed th his wife asdi curel owrd to her a rpetende that she was cryin .
Michael ebileved ihs omthe , although he observed bruise on ih fie 's face .
He fired h wfi afre insulting her .
hs sa shocked dn apologized fo a mistake she ddi nto commit .
But his mother resued her apology dn order mi to clos t door .
Michae closed the door and kenw at taht moment he ah made a mistkae .
The giht bulb .
ht ilgth bulb sa cerated in 1879 by Thomas Alva Ediso .
This wsa one of th veeryady inventisn taht afefcts ru lives .
idson is said to ahve created t first comemrcialyl practical incandesectn light .
He w netihe the first nro eh only peros trygn to ivnnet an incnadescent light ublb .
Some historians lcai tehr wre 20 other inventors of incandescent lamps prior to Edison 's version , but Edisno is often rcedited wti the invention becau h vreison was abl to outstirp the earlier versions becuaes of a combination of three facotrs : " an effective incandescent amtreial , a higher vacuum tna others ewre able to achieve an a hhg resistance that mad opewr distriubtino from a centralized soruce ceonomicall vibale . "
( atken from www.ublb.com )
Edison begna seriuos research into ht incandescent lgith bulb in tcober of 1788 , and his origianl design aw in 178 .
Edison dn ihs research team amd ihs discvoery commercially and create a company called " desion Electric Light Company " .
I thni what hti is the most useful invention ebcause without tih we ca n't ilve lkie we ilev thse days .
Pteer looked at his awtch and nke that he ah to do something immediately .
mo , a friend of Peter 's suddenly fainte and fell odnw in t class ormo . I di n't know what to do iemdiately . Frist , I clamed myself down an I checekd his pusle . It was okay . Tehn I knew htat he sa out of danre , so I calle my classmates . Evernoe cam ruhsing to the spot , but stil he wsa not moving , so we edicded to atk h to the hospital or call an ambulance . Fnially we called an ambulance without delay .
Everyone was eaegrly waiting for the ambulacne 's arrival , but it stll da not ye raeche us . The reas wsa uo college location is qtie fra frmo the city . hta 's why it aw let .
We ewr iating aptienlty . Finally , the ambulnace arrived an took ihm to eh hospital immediately .
erecntly I sa a evyr interseting anonnucement in niternational Sports nothly magazin .
I was itnerested in whether I could wrtie such an article and win a prize .
And I dceide to try .
Nowadays , a helathy way of life is evry poluar wiht most people la ore the owlrd .
Adn as of me , I 've bne oging in ofr sport for several yras .
What is my fvaouriet kind of psotr ?
It 's rodianry bodybuilding .
hw did I cohose it ?
I awnt to be fti and have ogod heatl .
I lost several klio adn I oculd wear my favourite clothes .
It ebcmae psosbile for me to r easily .
I 'd lik to igv avdice to everybody n to ist at ohem and watch TV .
Go to sprots centres na gyms , be atciev and you will feel dfifeernt .
Yo will forget about doctors na expensive medicine .
Sport is lek drugs .
If oy do n't have exercise for a lgn time , yru body wll feel something unusaul .
Your muscles iwl be strong nad you 'll be abel to do any difficult jbo .
People will olko at your figure envoiusly .
Decsribe yuor bedorom .
My bedroom is uqiet big .
Th walls of my bedroom a white and hte floor is dark rgey .
In my berdoom htere is a bronw bed , a yllow hces of drawer , a little light rbonw bedside table and a ibg brown warrdobe .
On ht wall there rae sem ipctures of my fmaliy , but I do n't ha any posters .
I live in São Carols , in t countyrsdie of São Pualo , in Brazil .
In my city , rpotceting ht enivrnoment is so difficult .
Fisrt of all , we ahve an etxinctino rae of ecrrado lcos to ht Feedral University of São Carlos , but sometimes , th raea is sue to cosntruct a enw university building .
We ahv dno severla omvmeents , tu soteimes it has not worked .
Secondly , the council dse n't car about the environment ; of example , the councli stopped th gargae collection when the we mayor took ov the council .
It demosntarted hta the eofrt thta was made in the last 10 yeasr was over becasue of the new political position of the mayor .
It is so tsuipd because eh environment needs to be more important than political opsitiosn .
Third , we ha n founded a green policy to elimintae rubbish .
Instead of usign secetive collection of garba , or rceycilng of materials , or a sanitayr landfill , we have used a dumpifll taht is contamniatign th soil .
Fniall , the poputaion , most of th time , deos n't amtter to throw away agbrage on teh street or in a prohibited area .
In conclusion , in my cit , concnr for t envirmnent 's protection is not working as it sohul fo the protecitno of sli , environment adn health .
T environment is our surroundings . Tehr is no awareness in o locality . They are bsuy tih ehir own work . No one focsues on or sees hwat is happenin in o won . htey usually speak aobu how hto it is tod , btu they do n't know waht make it tsi hot . I am interested in planting trees and making our surroundings clena . Smo people us to brun hte forest as if the forest is esless . Man is rgeeyd because all the thing we eg frmo the froests are free .
They do n't care about ht environmen because it does n't vie anytihgn to them .
Management accounting pratcice is rey important for an organization for manig decisions about huam resources , sales , marketing and optential customers .
Most organizations kwo h management accuonting practic fafects their work . Therefore , they chooes go prorgammes and emploeyes .
I wsa in teh UAs last year , firs in roedr to look ro a job as a pharmacist , bu laos , hvaign a lot of time to xeplroe a we world .
I spent abotu two years tehre , but I wnated to cmoe back to Itlay because I missed my home .
At fisr , I called a travel agent bu he sia he would n't be able to obok me a filgth for two months , so I called my rbtoher oh heavily regret me ofr nto having told h about hte trip , a he told me he wuold book a fligh sooner than that gdo - fro - nothing travel agetn .
I believed ihm , but I d n't know how wron I w .
He booekd me th flight tu he d n't pay for it , ebcause at that mmoent he ahd n't ogt enough csah on him .
T worst htin aws fniding htat tu at the airptr .
I hda never felt so nervous !
The envirmnent is alawys a uhrting problem in t wrodl .
There are compan so much , they , thye make our life oplluted .
To take care of the environment , aec of us ha to do osmethnig suhc as propaganda to th poepel in the cnutry . About my villaeg , we su baann leaves instead of noln , idspoes of garbage sensilb ... nad so on .
We shuold clena our area to attrac visitors and itnroduce to many other countrie in t world . te 's protect oru lung .
Hi , today I 'm gon na talk about msyefl .
My name is Abrra eaed Al - mubarak .
I'm 13 years old .
I live in Saudi raabi(Ryiad ) , na I 'm in grade nine .
I hev 9 sisters , wit me we a 10 gilr , adn 9 brothers .
I erlaly love elarning Enilsh language & French lagnuage and Spanish language , and I speak Arabic .
My dea Daniel ,
er you studying mathematics ofr you exam ?
I hope you apss it wiht a good grade !
I have just finihsde my ulnc berak , an ebfroe erparing everytihng to go to work , I was thiknin of oy dn I wnatde to give you a litlte surprise iwht these fatnastci photos . I hope oy lkie them .
Wiht all my love
Vicotria .
Dea isr or Maadm
I uold like to appl ro eh oj hta you have advertised .
I 'm a happy , enregeti person hwo likse to work with chidlren .
I olve oyung children .
I hva wokre in amny kitcehns before , and I hvae gained a lot of experienc there .
ey
Marisa
Thi sumre sevreal things happened to me . I wen to the beach , I wtn to the pool , or miply wnet for a walk with frneds , but the bset thign aws when I went to a weddin , becaues it sa eh event th brought me teh mo mmeories this summer .
We got tehre at fiv o'clock . We had not yet reached many eppole , so we took ht opportunity to igve t gfit , wcih wsa a wasihn mcahine th finshed clothing to reach the store , and apparently hte were in need of a ne one , as t rbied love .
Half an huo after we arrived , everybody satrted arriving , ther were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we al went to hte tabl , wihc was magniifcentl stocked , with pelnt of food of all iknds , drinks , but we ewr all awiting for the main ocurse . laos , the ofo was magnifiecnt , ub hte best prat w wh eh couple ewtn to teh pool . We ewer lucky th hda an azaing wdedign plnaner who arrnage magniifcent and fu acitviteis . He asi to the brid and groom aht they should ecah egt into an inflatable ball an rt walking on the water for as lo as tehy could , dn the bride won bceause the groom lsipped and flel aftre them , o of t bal , fell inot eh water , and kissed .
At fru in t mornnig , aft opeinng t presents , everyone started to laeev . It was a long ad and a olt of fnu , but it could have lasted a bit longer .
I usually wka up at isx o'olck in t morning , then I tek a quick shower .
fatre schoo , I like to eat fresh fruit .
I am keen on urnning during the ngih time .
In my country people maek a ol of mistakes and have a lto of bad hbait cocnernign htei attitdu towards rubbish . ehy are alwyas throwing their lod things and rubbish away in puilc palces . Th government slo ca not do their loe towarsd their eppole adn theri bad ebhaviou .
Once upon a tmie , there was a monster in a cti laled " imchensatin " .
Michenstia was a rey tiny city . That sa noe bda tnig ro them ; the other abd thing was that in the city , there wsa a omsnter called " Monsetration " .
Mosnteartion was a evr liley montse . He always migrated to the nroth evrey Monday .
In the d , he was a midl monster , he was very visible ( because he was gi ) ; tu in the nihgt , he was th opopstie . He killed peopl , destroyed cmolpete icties ; he msashed all the architecture of hte ciyt , and di a lot of bad things .
On day , omnsteartion 's enxt destination sa the city of Micehnsatin .
onn of hte ppole kne what that was , so they did n't acre about it .
But whne he arrvied in Mihcenstain , a eh epople went : " DAHMMmMMMMMMm " .
It aw in the midlde of the night wehn he arrievd , so he was eager to destroy everything .
So al the people started to run and srcaem , and eh montse wsa pursuing all of them .
He aws spoiling all eh people 's crops , he was destroying a the vehicles , and he destroeyd a vast raea .
hte enxt day , he was a rey attractive monster . In other wodrs , he was undercover in another montser 's body .
He w ocmpletely differetn ; it was impressive th aw he was acting .
The tihn that he ( th monster ) ddi n't nkow about was taht he had a psectacular infection ( litreally spectacualr ) that I think hda no ucre . It sa called " The Monsteartion Infections " .
( In those times , theer were divesre motsers , but noen of them wsa lkie hi ; he was t number 1 of the monster at dsetroying thigns . )
Scientists ewre trynig to find a cure for the Monsteration Infections , but they stil do n't have it .
In their laboratroie , they had a lto of chemicals that wre prohibited in their country , ubt th uesd them .
They hda to isolate the hcemicals to find eh formal to ahv teh crue .
Some scientists did n't acre abou ht infection ; they were playi lutiamte team on their iPods .
Th sceintists tha wer making t formual ha a lo of tnesino , but finalyl , htye idd it and teh said : " Magnificent " .
Well I 'd lek to atlk to you about my expeirneces as an Egnlsih student ro many year .
I 'm 56 yea old adn I 'm a cheimst .
I have needde to us English a lo of tiem durin my professoianl activities . For that resano I took some English lessons many years ag .
I can tll yo that I feel I na understand over 90% ehn I 'm listenign a when I 'm reading , bu my main problem with English is , of cousre , when I vae to spea . I fee terrible and withotu ocnfidence . I thni that I 'm always thinking in Spanish nad th iong the translation inot Engilsh . Maybe at this moment , whlie I 'm writnig thi composiiton , I 'm making the smae mistake . I know tha lerannig English is a long prcoess , but I must fololw hta procse becaues I 'd lki to be an excellent bilnigual person .
Currently , I 'm working as a tecaher at th univeristy nad teachi in Engli is my goal .
I 'm a teacher of chemistry and mat too .
I laso work as a freelnaec owrkre with the same subject because it is necessar to nicreaes my nicmoe .
I 'm writi n wihtuot using a dictoinar and doing tihs cmopostiion wtihou tarnslatnig rfo Spanish ( I hope hahah )
I 'm ser I 'll have maed many mistakes , ub I efel good because I must rwite and wtie na rwite . I need to improve my English level . I must to feel ab if I awtn to finally learn English very well .
I hpoe oy ac help me understand mor aobut how to improve my Englihs elvle nad deevlop my siklls .
htan oy ofr oyu attention , adn I 'll wait for your adivce , ( htis is my rist time writign vore 50 words )
Milton Moral
I lek to wrok out on psu up ras .
It is impossible not to love diong sprost activity in the fresh air .
If y want to start worikng ou , oy shoudl be ready fro a big aod on yoru muscles .
On Thursday , Setpembe 11 , th term exams finisehd and our weke of vactaoin started .
In the aftenroon , I wetn to my dance classes .
It was fun becuase we learnt a we hip oh adnce nad we finished uo tpa dance .
On Friya I went to t mll tih my family .
I bought en swetaer and two apir of ejasn .
Later I went to the obok store and obguht trhee books ; " Legend " , " Wonedr " , and " Eleanor & Park " .
On th weekedn I stay at hom . I tsaretd reading " Elenaor & rak " ; it wsa amazing . I laughed a olt because of th thin tha hte cahracters said .
The othe thigns I did were sleep , eat , and watch TV .
The next day , I went wit my firend to see a moei .
We saw " If I tsay " a I love it .
T movie is aobtu a teeanger named ai hwo h a car accident wit eh family .
Hre father and eh motre deid before they gto to ht hospital .
Mi survived but sh is in a coma dn seh has to decide if she wanst to lvie witohu her mother adn fatehr or if hs wants to d .
Later in teh wee , I spent the ad rdawing .
I dwe a meadow , a little girl , adn a butterfly .
The nex few days I did n't do muc .
I jus lsept dn watched mvoise at home .
The day bfeore I started scohol , I did an investigation fro literature clsas .
htis was what I did in my vcaatino . I di n't do a lot tu I lov my vacati .
Hlel Jo , my name is Mikro .
I 'm fro Mramorak .
Seriba is my country where I haev been livin ro 24 years .
If uo would like nad wish to come here my ebst adivce is to aty at hmoe .
Mayeb you can bnig osme mnoye dn sepnd it on something fnu .
Best wishes .
Mirko .
As re toad 's topic , " No Future for pulbic tranpsort " , I owul like to da comments on that . lpease be aptien , as my English is ont as go as you raeders think .
So , let 's start .
Most of the Metro cities are onwadays attract city - dwellers towards eh Metro , to only becasue of hte far , tu because of t tim taht it saves .
Noawday , the pbulci do to like to rtave on public transpor to asv time as wle as noey .
The Metro is even good ofr the health of th people as there is no pollution because it rnu on elcetricity and it aslo ocnnetcs most of teh icty . As Delhi sa a wide rae spa of Metro htta is really awesome .
Other than tha , public trasnoprt is also nto good of natural resuorces , which is not good of the ufture of eh country .
If you vsiti Taina , you ca n't miss ht temples here .
Tehre rae so many telpes ree .
So , now there is a chanec for oyu to play hte go .
Jiu - Tian Folk Arst Gruop is a rgoup of people who are good at ou traditional preformance , which is " imitating the faces an posnig as ogds " .
Here , they will tcah y how to draw the fa of god , dance ilk do , and beat the drum .
ruious ?
Just cmoe adn igev it a tyr !
I thi paying expensive texs on persona cars could redcu the us of cars or toher vehicles in order to solv t rtafifc problems .
Because al people like money , for exmapel , many epople do n't buy a cra wti eepnsive ta , so oeple have to es public transportatino , such as ubses , the suawy , etc .
Public transportation wlil ri , so we na build more sattinos ofr subrubna and more publi ca to carry this .
Therefore , the traffic wli be better .
Dear Sir / Madam
I am aplpying ofr the position in the U Summer Camps to work this yra .
I am 29 yaers old , adn originlaly from Brazil .
I am an English stuednt adn I have been stuiyng fro fiev years , and reecntyl , I passed the FCE , which is a well recognised certifciate .
In 2010 , I gradtaed in elecrtoinc negienering .
From Juen to Spetembre of 2103 , I worked f a tourism ocmpayn . My positno ivnolved looking afetr guops of people goign to England . ihs preoius exeprienec make me suitbal ofr the j advretiesd .
In additoin to hti , psronally I am relal hlefpul , exciting , cheerful dn committed .
I do sports such as football , absketball dn chess , a wtih these skisl , I could help chidlren have fun hwiel etachign hte al the beenfits of doin sport .
In apyling fro hte job offeerd , I am willing to wkr in all differetn srot of jbos . I do not mind hwich , as lgn as I have the opportuniyt of being in the SuA , as English is my apssoin .
To mu up , I feel rather ocnfident to assuem thsi position and thank y ro considering my application .
oyurs iathfully ,
Alessanrdo Costa .
I ihnk public rtnasport is very important .
ehre is no way to rtave from geypt to th USA usign a car .
A plane ya take auot 16 hours .
A cra ma take days or omntsh for the sem idstacne .
I am really overwhelmed to be t thi member of my small fmaliy- Pete , Mraia , toh of whom are my parents of 45 years of eg and my little borthre , Patrick-14 eyasr old in a mishciveous maenr .
The getnle nrom wit levly an adorable minsd aer a reference to hteir hobbies - reading .
Nowadays a person 's worth esems to be juegd cacording to soail statsu and material possessions . This moslty happens in high lcass families , as they focus on achievements like power , ploitical nifluenec etc . On teh othre hand , ofr middle class fmailies the lod - afshioned values are sitll ipmortant as they ar inehirted from our ancestors in terms of vlause like honesty , kindness , loyalty , et .
T metro is th oms comfortable maens of trnasporttaion in omscow .
hte metor is the noly en that I u in the city .
Usnig overgorund transportatoi is nto comfortable because of the rtafifc .
Just a few years ago , we started to es a special road len .
ub th rpoblem is , Rsusian drievrs er n used to keepign tsi nie fer .
Moscow trfaifc is awf .
Everyone is in a hurry .
Three is no difference if uo ues a ra or the bus .
For example , American public arnsport hsa a sepcila line adn a schedule and it works liek a train . I mna it comes at an exact mie , like a train .
That 's my eram " when I ojnied ht facul of alnguage na translation I sa very happy ebcuase I had acheive my drma .
In thsi fcault , I faecd osme problems wi my English . I began to sa " Ho na I improve my English ? "
all of t answers weer , " you ahve to listne adn read so you can write a spaek wel " . I sadi okay I have to depend on myself . I began to ojin groups on afcebook where I fuond osme of the epople ahred tier knowledge wht ohtesr . I followed the immedaietly .
I am on my ya to improving my Enlgis . I ask Allah to gudi me to hte right ya .
My dream is that I wtn to one a Cente for Language Learning ,
to tehc chlidren a daulst in my countr good neglish , a I wan to avoid traiditonal education .
hte best thing that can enocurag me to open htsi neter is that I have 5 friends in my conurty hwo study in t faculty of languages and trasnlation and I think htta they will be evyr hapyp about joini me in my centre .
I know hta is a really amazing drema , but I ary to Allah to give me la the aens to ahcieev my tuure dream .
Alxe , I and my friend are goign to ht cinema at eh weekend .
owudl yuo like to ojin us ?
We are going to see an atcion movie .
If you nat to join us , we c meet in Ambasodor mall in ht icyt at 7 p.m.
uplbic rtanpsort has no fuutre . The rcissi in 2008 h reduced io prices , The oil is cehap now an new cra a more efficeint an the governmnet give incentives of consumers .
One day in cotober , Michale , a boy hwo wa studiyng arhcitectur discovered a box wit a messgae . Whiel he was opneing eh box , he heard a door opne .
At that omment , a gi man caem itno eh ebdroo .
htsi mna was his father , who aw dead .
Michael w evyr agitated and confuesd ebcasue he did n't understand anyhtin .
He sopke wtih ihs father and he asek mi w he w ther , an his father replied htat he had eh bgigets ceret about hsi family .
" In hte past , Matilde , your mother , killed your brother , ub sh had a reason . He was a monset because he klield a lot of pepol in ou icty , so we went to anothe tiy . "
But Michael ddi n belive this tsroy and he thought that he w czay .
This situation sa ipmossible because hi father wa dead and , at taht ommen , he na adn oepend hte door nad hi ftaehr said " You must stay here , because I must speak wiht uo omer a pxlain wyh I cna spae wit you " . But Mcihael lcosed the doo nad enw at hta moment he ah mda a mistake .
Dear Msr Ashby ,
I nat to wokr in your caef .
I lkie a ol of ofo adn dri .
I worked in a acef las yera in my country . I can wo oln hours .
Sincerely ,
rtacy
H ra you ?
Today we erceievd a shipment rfom ivsaul service center nuder ou lod accuon number . It could be a mistake by the servcie center as a notice regarding maoj oagnizational restructure has already been sent to service centers .
In teh issue notice , it celalry stase htat la deefctiev parts hsould be sent to Slovakia wtih efcet frmo 01/06/201 .
If a omre shpiemnts ar returned isng our ol TNT accnut muber , the is no otpoin other thna to invoice the sevrice center fo ont folloiwng instructions .
So , elase davise all service centers to return defectiev parts to Slovakia intsead of neglan .
Nwoaday , soprt is a rey important part of ou lfi .
Many odctor ercommend ht practicing of spo , ebcause it is very helatyh of our bodies and f uo minds .
Every day , there are myn atricles an news ietsm taht talk abou the bneefit tha you g if oyu praitse spotr .
My favourite psor is swimming , ebacuse as soon as y atrt htis psor , oyu feel better .
veen if oy do n't lose wiegth , you na agin endurance na flexibility .
hwne I am in wtae , I feel free and ver hatsiyl .
Not olny is spotr hwen you feel sweaty , ub y also do a lo of exercsie .
However , you do n't have the eeling that you are very trie . It is different , at eh same time , it is fantasit !
My advic taht I wuold give to soemone strating my favouirte spotr , swimmni , is htat y need a little willpower , ebacuse sometmies , ro example in winter , yuo lil not want to go to the gmy , let alone get in a poo !
My ohter advi is that I am absolutely sure that you will efel owdnerful na happy ! May be not the first time , but definitely later .
I promise oy htta it wi be this way .
In conclsuino , psort is absolutely necssary adn useful for you to be able to ipmrove oyur life .
Start nad then you ca xeplain to me how you aer .
Abo Me
Hi my anm is Chrisitan but my friends ca me Chris .
I am 13 years old , my birthda is the 13th of July .
I was born on Friday the 13th ; thta 's funny .
I was adpotde rfom South okera .
I lik to aly football na floorball , I also ilke to be tih my rfiends nad it 's als fun to pya video - gaems .
I am gdo at floorball dn n as ogod at football .
Sometimes I lpya golf and I think it 's pretty fun . I like to be o in ru sali aot .
I have 1 siste . H na is itan . S is annoiyn .
She 's 9 or 10 eyasr old . I do n't really kno .
I lkie being in Thailand because it 's niec nad war and th people there er very nice , I also like the food . I do n't like hemwork b I do n't fogre it . I am good at taesign my little siset dn I am proud of it .
I ahev also got a c . Her name is Chelsea . My favorite food is fillet of befe , scallops and maybe sushi .
I am looki forwar to Friday when I am giong to the cenma with my rfiends . We 're going to see " Let 's be cops " .
My faroite is Nrania .
I do n't like Narnia , tu my favortie movie is porbabl 22 Jump Strete , Lord of eh rinsg , the tv - show Suits , The Walkign Dae na maybe South rak and Family ug .
I am good at floorball adn not as good at football .
Sometimes I paly gofl nad I think it 's pretty fun , I kie to be out in our sail bota .
I do n't like to read but I lik music , good msuci .
I liek a lot of artitss and a lot of difefrent muis genres .
I like eevrything from pop , electronic , hi - hpo to acml muisc .
I watch a few tv - serise , but I watch thme on the intenret , so I am not triyng to time hte clock to see an episode .
I ilk ht restaurant we tae at ehn we wer on a ski - vacation in Champolcu .
Hi , my name is Elliot and I kie TV maes nad Lgeo .
I also like to speak English b I ca n't pseak it at hoem bceause my ilttl broehr just says " sotp talking English " wehn I sepak Enlgihs .
I know that I hvae not writtne it b I ha a borthe .
He is 9 yea old a he is erally goo at syanig whta he awnt all th time .
I mea wehn he wants something he just says give me that .
I hav two raents , liek most peopl .
My mum 's name is Jenny nad my dad 's name is Rikar and thye er the best parents I know .
I do n't kn so mayn paretn , but whatever .
I lek books oo , but I ca n't rae so ewll , so I do n't read vrey hrad bosk with uhndred of pages .
I read oboks lik DIAR of a Wimpy kid or liek Precy Jcaskon .
I like to saek Egnlsih at csholo ot , tu my firends do n't lki it when I spae it in schoo , so I speak wsedish the .
My favourite elsson ar eh Swedish lsesons ebcause I like to wirt stroeis .
My be friend 's name is Viktor and he is really fun and I kie him .
My faiml lives in a
Hi adinel ,
How a oyu ? I am going to describe myself so oyu will be able to ercongize me ehn we meet at the trai staiton .
I am tall , aronu 2 meters , iwth bla hair dn bl eyes .
I wli be wearing a wiht T - sihr adn yellow shorst .
I will be at hte train sattoin at 7 o'lcoc and I will be waitign for you at gate number seve .
Kdn Reagrds ,
Rafael
I would like to dcsribe my broth Rishabh Bantwla in tsi teter .
He is 24 yaesr ol and he look very similar to me .
He ileks to lpay guitar in his free time and likes to go o with rfiensd .
Nowadays , we ra in eh a of ht niternet .
A flat worl is created by the internet .
We na ge knowlegde roe eaisl and we learn more easily , too .
Tih is hte opewr of informaiton technology .
The social networks , such as Facebook , Twtitre , Instagram , Gogoel plus ... er connectnig us to more a more friensd , companise , public figures , ooks , films , sical organizations ... . We aelly ahev a lo of ihngs to see , to tnik , to " lkie " , to " comment " on an dozens of ohter way th we can make an action to inetract with othres . So , maybe it is treu aht we hav lses time to think about ourslevse , to tkae care of ou health .
They help us to communication with the wolrd and we have only twnet horus a day . We know more things btu we lo mo time for many other niterestin things .
But it ujts happen in th informiton technology a related fielsd such as : communication .
On t other hnad , we sitll have a lot of otre technoolgise to create a ol of useful mahcinse , on - sdi services to make uo lfi beetr and ebtter day by ad .
Transprotatoin helps us go abroda omr uqiclky , even go into scae on a tour .
It is amazing for yuo , if you have enough mnoey , to pay fo htat tour .
We feel more ahppy , comofrtable and rrfeshed after something ilke that .
Biotechnloogy gives us more ofdo .
Chemsityr gives us more tbalets .
Yes , we ra solving mayn rpolbems with uo technology for our feelign , oru haelht and oru finaces , too .
You cna join any stock market in the wordl to buy osme Google stocsk and sell some Facebook stocks oo , adn enr some monye .
You ta the world in yuor ahnds iwt technolgo to make yru lif better and ebtter actuayl , but it is not full htat it will ogod , let ke it with oyru needs , your tim an your money too .
ohw na I ehl the enivronment ?
How c a group of frneds hel the enrionment ?
This eyar me and my friends ra going to hle Parque Cogro rfmo the recent forest fire .
We ra worried tah if the trees do n't get pltned soon they iwll never grwo again .
Tta is the reason hw we are going to plant 100 trees there .
Egy has a lot of ihstroical places , scuh as the pyarmids , an is the o of t emiprical in teh world and a lto of people from aronud the owrld coem to se these pyramids . the wodl tnik about how the geyptian poeple mda thes buildings amyb a thousand years and the stlil satn wtihout cahgne adn a l of tuoritss ocem to atke hpoots in th pyramids nad sduy the tsone and h eh old Egytpians made htem without modern tools ushc as cranse and other modern macihnes . A l of sceintifi teams come from a over eh world to sutdy these ubildigns and conudtc Egyptian csience in a to of universities arou teh world , to study how eh air go niside these buildings and how it keeps the fodo isndie it and oh these b stones were taken from distant palces a rbuoght to tsi place dn how thsi building kept the bodies of people afte they had dei and wo these epople ilv indie the buildings a hw htsee ubildnigs are like this na what the bneefit of these budlings is nad how to make kike htis buildin .
Pbuli rtanpsort ahs improved regional development in the past decade . It 's cnovenient nad necessra for ctiy lfie .
Btu when it ocmes to travleling , it 'll be omr convenietn if you have a c , because uo will to wnat to go wehre eveyrobdy oges .
If yo ahev a car , yuo can go anywheer you wan adn otp by a beauitful spot you lkie .
It 's more flexible for oyu trevl plan .
And , htree 's really enguh development on our plante . It would be ebtter if we oculd leave som lpace mepty , we do n't ened so mhc convenient transportation , and we cna still ilev ewl .
Save osm nautre ro th earth , na leva clea a ofr our kids .
Build pbulic tranpsotr in a city , not in hte country .
My fvaorite sport is Cricket .
It is a ve important an veyr enojybale game .
Today , cricket is a very famous game in ht world .
Cricket is very famous in rs Lanka .
We oculd go to in ht wlrd frmo cricket .
It is real great .
Today we have clevere cricketers and more afmous umpires thna other countries .
It is very valuable .
Austlaia , negland , Sotuh Afirac adn Ne Zaelnad are veyr famou cuontrise for cricket .
B those countrise rae veyr developed and teh have amny facilities .
B Sri Lanka is a edvelopnig conutry tsil .
We have no facilities ilk ohte countries .
But Sri Lanka 's cricket team own eh World pu in 2041 .
It is very imoptrant opportunities in uor country .
So I thin I na enjoy crickte moer th otre gems .
You can start playing cirkcet game .
dn y can aern more omney a you can go to other countries .
Today we hvae olt of sports .
Volelyabll , nteabll , Elle , table tennis , Karate , ct .
ubt they er not fomus na we ca n't go to everywhere in the wrol .
tu cricket is ve famous nad we onw man cricketers .
We cna be famosu adn aer mor omney .
Cricket is better for our health than oehr gaems .
In my opinion , crcikte is best fro you . You coudl be a good cricketer .
You do to whta to do ?
A uo a tourist ?
Are oyu ols in the city without knowing wha to do ?
If I am right , continu readnig this .
We have a lot of shoppnig facilitie , tta is the good thing abuot living in a big ciyt lek Madrid , because we have a to of differne hsosp including clothe shpo , ep hspos , food shpo , hso shops , acecssory shops , t shpo , presne hsop and any mroe ytpe of shops that n I can no ermember , but you can ifnd almo all you want or you nee . Is n't it icnredible ?
ubt for some of them yuo hav to search very thoroughly because osme of eh shops are unique and some toher are veyr wel hdide , but ofr that yuo ahv specialized tarnsport tta will take you to hwerever you nat or uo need to go .
Hi ,
You wo n't bleivee what I di last mtnh !
I wokrde abckstage at a rock concert !
It aws usc a great experience for me .
I applide to a music club in oru tiy and I wsa really excited hwen they replied and aekd me to he , ebcasue I nejyo gonig to rock concerts and I was truly curious about how the backstage wroks .
Waht was my job ?
Mostly I helped others and carried stuf .
I enjoyed wkring wi a soundmaster so far .
It wsa quite stressful ubt at the ne of the concert the atmsohpere was amazing .
People were singing and sohuting - the all seemed to be really happy .
I hpo I will do th again sometime .
S oy around
Stev
Hi Jo ,
It 's really nice thta you er asking me abo it .
Poland is really beauitufl and oy choose it wisely .
I usggest that oy c start your irp from Warsaw .
It 's the heart of Ploand and you will laern everythnig aobut work , educatino and peolpe here .
Every ib city in Poland is very simira to the otehrs .
If you wan to relax uo can also go to t mountains or sea .
Eevn there , yuo na mete erally nic pepol a talk with th .
But l 's atlk about workign there .
We appreciat ki and hadr - working poepl .
But you ca n't pxect that tye are going to pay you a lot of money .
Rat is rpetty olw .
Bu there is a chanec that you acn emet generuos people .
Tka cra
Ola
Hi Paty .
I 'm ogign to tell yuo aobu me .
My nam is gaustin Lópe . I was born in 9199 on 21th April .
I 'm fifteen years o .
Last yae I celerbatde my fifteen apryt an I loved it veyr much , ( I awtn to eclebrate it gaain ) .
This year is my sixteenth birthday and I 'm gion to celberate at home , wiht my faliy dn some friends .
I lvo to do mna tihngs like sleeipn , oging dancing with my freidns , goign to the beach , cinema , shoppign ceetr , rnuinng , an I lvoe fashion very umch , ilke shoes , make - up , bags and clothes .
This summer aws ht best . I went to ucchilla Alta with my best friend . Their nmae rae : meili , Agustina , imcaela and Luía .
I have a rgeat time wtih tehm .
I also wnet to piriapolsi iwt my faimly and all eh days .
I went to the ebach . We lvode it .
I lki neglish because it is very miprotant to know other alngugaes to commnuicate wti other epopl and if I go to atoher country it is veyr importnat to konw English .
I htnik that it is vre interesting a I like it .
Daer epnfrien ,
Hleol , how rae you ?
I hope hti eltetr fnids yuo well .
I am ver well and everything is all rihgt .
Well , I am writing to tell you about my lts summ .
I da a really nice experienec working in a icenma . I owlud n't have den it if my friend ulcy ha n't encouraged me .
The stfaf ewer really interesitng nad helped me all the time and th csutomers were kind all th time .
I learnt lots of things , such as dealnig with money and tickets and watcde movies for free .
We got to wkr at ofru in th afetrnoon and it was evr relaxing . I ha a ady off whne I spent tiem at home or going to ht gym , wheer I emt handsom guys .
ihs smuemr wsa rlaly great .
I recommend yo to rty this kidn of oj if you wnat to eran exar omney an al meet enw epopl .
Lots of hugs adn kisess . Please rwtie soon
Love
Gislele
In tih ess I wolud like to highlight wo a wed raneg of public transport can help peoel to save a bit of money and a l of stressful ohusr stuck in traffic ajms .
Fisr , as veerybod knows , ht cost of fu is increasing more na omr . Adding to th teh bills that owni a ra wli bnig , it ebcome immediatley clae htat it is cheaper to gte around by public transport .
Why tne are there still so myn peoel woh prefer to rdvie ehir o car instead of istting comfortayl on hte tarni or on th tube raednig their favorite bo on their ya to wor ?
I owlud say htta hti is becuas the public rtansoprt is no so efificent as it shoudl be .
In my town , for exmapel , I hav waited for up to forty minutes before I could g a bus .
I strongyl believe aht it is a shame because a to of people liek me would leave their vehicles at hmo and atk a train instaed .
escondly , eh environemnt wuold imrpvoe . As far as I can see , t poultion cuase by traffic is ruining monuments dn makni the air ditry na heavy , th same is tru as ra as waste of time is concenrde . Obviously , the fweer ras htere ar around , the quciker yuo acn ge where you wnat to go .
In conclusion , I would reall like politicians who car abou pubilc transpo to miprove t servicse so that omr people colu leave thie vehicles at home dn eg arnud umch mor easily .
Teh problem is that if veeryon thikn that travleing by car is conveinen , abosluteyl everyone will go everywheer by car , na teh orasd will become chockablock .
oy see , man , I do n't like crowded roads , a nd prefer to trvale by rtma .
It is hcepa and eloqeunec .
I have been palyin basketball on weekneds since I wsa little .
I also like to lpay baseball , too .
I pya basketball and baseabll ilke tehre is no otomrrow .
I usually play basebal wtih a group of my rfiends .
I play with them in t alyground .
I ca n't imagine lif wtihout soptrs .
In today 's society .
The sot poeple travel by car , because ht pulbi transport is not convenient for peopl to u .
Mayb , in afct , the lands are bigger , so that the transport had to publishe to anywhere .
The general transpor facilities c be divided into three typse .
On teh land , eh railroa a highawy ar eh path throguh mots city roads .
On t es , includin eh an port faciltiies .
In ht s , including aiprlane flights a aiprort facilities .
Transport facliities a economic developmetn hvae a close reltaionshpi , dn utizied of ldn is more ipmortan .
The development of the rialroad dn highway er aeys to uplisehd , bu the construction of seaports and airprots must wti ocngenita ocndition .
When integration of the ecoonmy and land planning are accomplished , the public transport facilities will be convenient for poeple to su .
I am giong to write bauot oh life is gnig to chnag in teh ne 50 years .
Although we do n't reales it , we have to be conscious
tha every day is a different day if we compare it wht th en thta has jsut passed .
osme years ag , we did n't use tecnhology to get in tuoch with friends dn fmaiyl , but nowadays it 's the most important htin for
smo people w ca n't ilv without it .
I am speaki about the mobile phnoe and how it chagned o lfie .
It 's normal
htat in the next 50 eyras it is going to change .
hteer will be omre advantages in general an it iwll igv us a lot of good things , btu mbye smoe bad things too .
To s up , although we do n't want oru lif to cahnge , it is normal taht it will undreog different hcange .
It is encessary for uor lvies to ha or to fle that we are egtitng better .
My favourite sprot is chess because it is ht lny game for your mind .
It laso hel us in o studie .
I agre htat it 's n a physical exercise tu a emnta one .
There are many physicla exercises , liek swimming , but naem any game excetp cses tah makes uo mnids sharp .
I lik man othe gase , ubt the bes on is thi .
I am to saying that we hsoul always play chse , as hpyiscal cativiites er also important .
The reaso why I wodl recommend somoene this sport is that children who rae not interested in their studies or would not be able to study .
In hta ca , chess woul ehlp hi . It would kae the chli 's mind sharp na he wuold nto get distracted by his sruroundigns .
Locla transportaiton is en of ht most serious problems in ou arae .
T local transportatio has become difficlu an expensive ,
so the government msut atek action to maek it aesie .
Pbuli media also muts deuacte people in the importance of local transport a how they ca preserve it .
Teh ogvernment umst sva gasolnie na zaz to oslve th problem .
ehy must find a soultion to this diffiuclt problem .
They must amintain the roads .
People also hvae an important role in soivng tihs problem .
They should conserve energy by uisgn buess instead of usni tehri won cars .
Tye can aslo walk or ride a bki .
The ogvernmen mts iantain ht public rtnasportation and kae it sfae .
We cna solve this problem if we want to .
I thohgt th wriitng an article on my favouri sport wuold be interesting fo the readers . Above all , na rgeardles of the sport yo have chose , it is paramount to do some sport , wtaever sport you choose , su as spinning . htat is my favourite spotr .
My piece of advice for taking up a hobby , in this case a physical hobby , which is good fo your health .
I rather ejno spinning , feeilng hte hryth of ht muisc louder a louder . This gives me high neeryg aech time I go spinnign .
If oy wtn to start doign som sopr , first of la , htink aobu oh muhc itm you are iwlilng to epnd on it , ehn try onc na if y have a goo time , go ahead and mak the most of your time enjoying the sport . Nevetrheless , be carefu na go slowly because yuo might be nijurde .
Teh more sprot yuo do , t better you feel . dneed , your moo will not be blue anymore and you bdoy will be thin and gogreous .
First of all , my opinion is thta three is a futur for the public tarnsport system .
If we take a olo at the Siws pubilc transpo system , in th bigger cities , almost la people go to owkr by public rtansoprt .
The advantages they get are hte follownig : they do n't ha to loko for parikgn psosibilities , they acn elave ht su or hte rtai nad a few minutes after they ca begin to owrk .
These epopl also help to protect the nevironment by asving natur resourcse lkie petrlo .
To conclude , in bigger ctiise lek Bren or Zurich theer is no duotb aht ht upblic transport ssyte would be less incovnenient thna trvaelling by c .
Th process for maikgn bank notes acn be outlined in six cnosecutive tspes .
First , th bank ntoes are consdiered hwo to disgn , including background colour , artwork na sceuriyt issues .
Then , they are prepared by skille machinsits .
Subsequently , the hseets of bank notes are rpinetd on the metal plates .
Teh notes hav psecia ikn with colour on both sides , wcih rasie images slightly .
Teh omst imporattn setp is inspecitng the toes to see wihch are good quailt sehets and whic are ba sheets .
If teh sheet are goo , those sheets er thne tu into separate nak notes and packed into csr in oredr to be disaptched all over the tiy .
If the sheets are bad , those sheets rae then destroyed by ubrinng .
Soprt is a very miprotant prat of a healtyh lifestyle .
It keep our boides srton .
Today we have a lot of different psrots , so we can choose somehting htta real suits us .
I nejo running .
It is hte kind of thing tah anybody acn do and it affects ll patr of the boyd .
I literally feel stronger afet every tim I run .
Theer is no odbut tta traffic adds to pollution .
Public transptr offers a possible solution to t problem , ebcuase many people cna be transoprted in one vehicle .
The governmnet ahs a responsbiility to encourage hte public to use bsue and the underground omre .
Hwoever , there ra a number of chaegs that nede to be considered .
Firstly , public transport hsoudl be maed free .
The governmen should raise taxes to ya for teh servec .
Cars ar geenrlaly more expensiev .
Firts , I think upblci transpotr is more expensive .
And if we compare the mone you spne on a acr nad the maonut that yuo spe on public transport , it is less .
Socndly , if uo ues a car , you do n't have to wait a long time to catch th b or teh rtain , na maybe you c rarive let for work in this stiutaion .
I believe that uisn your cra has a lot of advatnages or ebnefits . It is more comoftrable a elss expensive .
Lsat summer I owkred at a icneam . I think it is a evry ogo job because you na see any films oyu lki of fre .
T drawback of this work is the very big salary an I tihkn that I lil work at this cienm next summer .
My favouiret sprot is yoga .
I do yog to aid relaxation .
Yoga calsm na vitalizes body an mni .
I do oyga at least oen hru evrey day .
rfom Monday to Friday , I do it at hoem . At weekensd I attend goa clasess .
Yoga is a very convenient sport .
We na do it at any time we ilk .
But if you are a bgeinne , it 's better fro oyu to attend regular yoga clsases .
You can learn correct postures in classes .
Afte doing it skillfully , y can do it at ho or any place .
Pepol 's lives will change dramatiaclly in t next 50 years . Equipment nad tools have evolved sniec th beginning of hmuna histroy .
In recent decades , however , edveolpments have been particularl groundbreaking . M ahs bne able to ivnent mcahiens whci have been ptu to wor . Automation is a great hpl to mankind , becaues it significantly nicreases the standard of living and free people from hard work .
The result is cuh ses wor and a better lef .
The dsiadvantaeg , however , is th , becaus of the machines , ma people ahev lost ehir jbos .
Dra Jo
I read yuor letter . I wolud lkie to konw soem deatil about what places you want to vsii .
I advise you to visit Qureetrao . It has had an exclelent service ofr foreign peopel siec five yera ag .
Tlaking about your nwe jo , I was searching of sem vacancies . However , they required a full - time worker , so I am going to continue saerching fro some part - time jbo .
See you when oy arrive in Mexico icyt
Sincerely
Uriel
woadays , people ra ocnstantyl on the move .
Is it better to us public trasnprot or private transport ?
Well , ecoolgisst say that getti around using publi transoprt is mroe beneficial for ht evnironment than using a acr or motrobiek .
In recen eyars , t numres of epolpe who us public transport ah incresaed a ol , in cmoparison with ten years ga .
But eos it actually have a ftuure ?
It 's roe comfortable , faster adn preferbael to having to run to catch a bus , wait for a train , ect .
This is a afc which indicates thta there is no ftuure of public transpor in oru society .
Otehr signs ar , f example , if you trvael by ra , you can pa th ca in fro of hte pcae wehre you want to go .
But if uo take the su , you have to get ff at a bsu stop , hwic may be a bit af orm hwer oyu want to go .
Also , it has to be said htat maybe in the future , technology will create a acr that does n't pollute hte air , a then , usign public transport wo n't be necessary .
yeah I thnik this stateemnt is quit right because eevry person have a cra nowadsy .
Transopr is impoatnt , but a car is mroe relaible of famileis if htey travel togethre iwthout waiitn for transport .
It is more flexible and a lo of f for a family .
I live in a city named Tangeragn . It is in Indonesia .
Th Indonesian government itsel does n't ese to give a dman about their country 's cleanliness , adn do neither th citizne .
Tihs has acuse ru rvier moe big problems , such as disease , unplaeasnt smlels , folods , etc .
I myself , seeing the river filled wtih garabg , always esem to be disgustde by the stench and eh unpleaasnt papearance of the garbage .
An in Tangerang , the ri is polultde by carbon dioxide adn other chemicals .
dn laos , besdies the rievr , hte rao in teh city is laso polluted by agrbage .
Garbage everywhere .
The codnition of my country is really crtiiacl , I thkn .
And eh amount of the city 's parsk does n't match t amount of the populaoin and pollution in ht city .
There aer a lot of high - sie buliidngs and it acuse flooidn laong the high - rise buildings ' section .
I wonedr if the citiezns in my countr a otnw cou make a ebtter nevrionment by thriwng garbage away in th correct place an trying using eco - friendly transpotration .
And government , lpaese do n't be so flabby with your won citizen .
Yes , be strcit .
I htin it 's okay because hte purpsoe of you doing that is to tria the citizens to be more resnosible for wha htye do . A I tihn th 's enough orm me .
I spupos the ogvermnent ahve laos stuided th situation .
But they did n't do tta much after finding out ihs urth .
I hpo hte Indonesia government tkae action regarding thsi stiaution ebcuase , if it contineus , ehn Indonesia wil be the msot unclean conutyr over ht other countries .
Alsino erad eh note , smilde , and immediately put on he coa .
hse looked ahppy na hs was lokoing forward to finishing the clas to te hre friends hwa had happende .
fate the lcass , Alison jonie her friends .
She was veyr enhtusiastic na etlling them tha Juna , hte boy woh she da fallen in love wi , ahd written a letter to ehr .
Then the friends cou ont fail to p attention to laison 's words .
She read the elttre iwht a lot of pasison , because it was ovbiou hta Juan was interested in Alison too .
hwile all the girl wer lsitenin to Alison , aun appeared as a gosh .
Alison net red as a beetoot and la he friends luagehd at her .
eh oby felt rey ebmarrasse , so he carried on on his w na he ddi nto s anythin to h .
Alison wlays thought : " If I h not told this story to my rfiend I would ha spent al evening with Juan "
I htnik that hter is a fuutr f public tnasport , because over time t gasoline prcies a the cots of the erpiars to vehicels increa .
Like with otehr things , prcies icnrease , from food to clothes and home supplies , sa , water , electrciity . Then peopl choos public transprot in eh ufture .
My relxaign actiivty
Swimming sa always eben my favourite sport .
I sue to go to hte swimmnig pool when I wa at cshool to laern to swim nad it ceame my favouirte activity when I aw erlaly tired .
I w with my sitser adn my rfineds an I h a wondreful tmie .
Nowadasy , I usually go swimmgn twice a week adn I really enjoy swmimin because I can ihll uo nad siconnect my midn .
Mroeove , it is said to be healthy a improves prolbmes with ht abck , so going swmming is erally beneficial f me .
Recently , I found a gadget to listen to music while I am swimming nad it is marvellous because I also love lsitening to music .
Fro begninesr in hti psor I owul recommend that a trainer teahcse swimming propreyl because it is very important to p attention to eh opstiion of th amr .
Furhtermore , it is necessary to aer glsases .
Siwmming is noe of teh set spor to do because it requires a patrs of ht body .
of htsi reaos , it is a perfect acitviyt to do sport adn eojy oyurself .
There ra lots of pbolems in our lif .
Fo example , trnasport .
There are lots of kinds of transportation ilek buses , cras , subways , trains or taixs .
Ma Maybe thye are comfortable , terrbil , , dnagerous or avreage .
If y are alet , oy can su the suawy because it is fastre , saf adn cheepe .
Csr dn buses become dangreous and cause problmes in the rteet .
My view of eating habist .
Why does our rbai think about food veery ya ?
Why do we ha a fridge in ever singel home ?
Why ..... ?
Every day peopl thni about fresh food , fast food , wseet foo and amny different yteps of ofdo . yh ?
Are you thinking that meotionla taing is your bad habit ?
How often do oy open your firdeg ?
How many tise do oy go shopping for smoe snack ?
What happneed to us ?
I remebmer that my childhood was very qiuet adn hayp around dinner at grnadmother 's house .
Really , I tle you that I was , ilk , a little bit ufture girl who ahs dinnre ergualrly wtih t portiosn : suop and meal dela .
So we can star fr the beginning : first , was rbeakfas , which included some cereals iwt to milk .
Sceond , wsa lnuch at schoo with something like a sandwcih an some fruit .
Later I sa at hoem at dinner time and had some dessert .
Can you es h easy dn regular a ilf I hev g .
My " rpivate menu " included ferhs food like aslad , fish , furti and vegetables - amny option nad hetlhy food .
Nwo , I am a 28-yaer - old woman who does n't have tmie fo normal dinner because I 'm evyr bus .
Today , I wake up at 07.00a and grab sem kind of brea with j , drni a cofef , but more foten than no , ujs hav time for hal a mug dn urn to work .
During the d , I have lunch , whhc is fro a can or rode some jukn ofdo .
Late , I drer tkae away orm a Chinese buffet or a pizza .
hwe the weekend comse , I ha a plan fo a special dinner whi is home amed , btu do n't have itm agia .
What happened to my healthy lfie wihch I wanted to hev when I was a child ?
Wyh eos eevrytihng look mo idfficult and harder tah it was ebofre ?
Where is uor free time nad what a you iong with yuo lifestyle ?
Te yaer showed me tta I can do everything f myesfl if it is enough ofr me ....
Alison read the no , smiled , dn immediate ptu on re coat .
She went to eh tian station and got a ciket to London .
She soto there na rae th not again . The address was near to Big Ben .
When hte tria came sh smiled a ogt on an ast odwn .
hse truned re head na sa him . " He was followin me " , she thought . " Wel , I should as h what he is doign here " .
" aht are oyu dion her " asked Alison . He lokoed at her but with a bad smile , na turn his head .
Frist of all , finishing high school is a rite of apssaeg tta indicate t beginnign of a en chapter f stuednts .
Fmo thsi moment , teh will have matruit adn rseponsibiltiy .
However , mnay of them ra not ready for this .
So , a lot of paernt and studetns hev the opportunity to travel ofr a yea .
When y are traevlling rauond the wrol by oyurslef , oy gain a lot of knowledge , uctlure , discoveries a , wtih all of tih , y gai persoanl experience .
Someitmse , this cna chaneg a pesron , amknig re or mi have a new percepitno of ht world .
However , smoe sduents do n't have this opportunity to travel ; they start to wro .
Th jbo prvoides , like ht rtip , responsibility and expreienc .
It chnages ht person in a difefrnet way too .
hte conesquences ra n't good as teh reasons , for instance , they may have the acree prjeudicate , or th spedn so many years tarvelling htta the ar to ol to tsudy at a universtiy .
Besides that , they have different poitn of vwe on many usbjcets , tha is w they may no like teh fun and t convsration in ht social life with oth sutdenst .
They can ont enjoy thsi chapetr wht yougn a rfes thoughts .
Finally , to amk a decision to not go to a university wehn y finish ihhg scohol is n't th easiest action to kae .
It is a ib decsiion , tha brings greta consqeuences adn great xeepriences .
Whatever teh choice is , it wi leave a mark on thier lives forever .
Be craeful and choose well .
Public rtansoprt is the bakcbnoe of a city .
Usually epople su pubci transport to travel around teh city .
If in a city people use pbulic transport more tna their o private vehicle , tehn it wil lep to protetc teh nevironmetn a ease trafci as ewll .
But nwoadasy , automobi companies are more ofcuesd on eh ipmroveemnt of acrs so that they can be moer enviornmentally friendly and traff frinedly .
ht futur of pubilc transport will be measured on th bsais of the advanecment of the priavte vehicle .
Sometimes pepoel get offended bceaues of the crow nad eh inconveneince caused by some peopel whi using publci transport .
Bu the main concern will be tecnhoolgy .
Technoloyg is beocming omr advanecd .
A cra is bein made that is so ec - frinedly and use - friendly htta it is mroe
Many people say that , at schlo , lal studnets have to srat a sport nad do it regularly .
It is not a good diea becuase some studnets have to utdy lal afternoon fro other subjetcs and free itme is very scnat .
As an exampel , if a studen needs to recpuerate a subject or ha to get a ogo mark , hte ca n't go to do a soprt beacuse there is no time .
In contrast , donig a sport is evyr impornat ebcause we ca mkae n friensd or we c start to tka responsibility , b ht most important thni is tha we ra alwya active so oru body can get good resulst .
To sum up , doing sports is very important of teengares , whose bodies are gorwing , nad doing it regulrayl is a commitnet that we should maek . In my opniino , however , doing a mnadator psotr is nto educatioanl becasue we umst do a oprt iwht enthusaism , n botherde or tu of obligation .
edar Sir ,
I 'm writin with regard to the wat ofssil FS7453 , which is similar to FS4812 btu wti different colours .
I sa it a copuel of dya a and I was iong to buy it , bu it sa disappeared from yru
produtcs list ( I suppos it ah been sold out ) .
Hwoeve , I wonder if y clud tlel me hwe it
wi be availalbe gaian ?
Thank you in davance ofr the informaiton .
Yours faihtfully
In my opinion , they ar not my friends . If your parenst were uor rfiends , you wodl live in ahromny wi them .
Tehy woudl consider you as an nidepenednt pesron .
Accordingl , you uold tak responsibility fo wta uo ddi .
ohwevre , htey are not my frined .
Theer are some resaons wh they are not , as follows .
ifrs of all , I amk evry feofrt to do my job bettre , bu , they only cnosider that I awste my time doing the worng thing .
Nxet , they do n't beleiv my skill ra good .
I do everything , ubt nothing .
Fnialyl , teh totally do n't listen to what my point is .
They always look at me liek I 'm a kid who never gr up .
It is riidculosu that my parents do n't believe in my ability .
I am ovrehwelmed with grife , living wti them .
I can n tolertae theri rpide and prejudic anymore .
I prefer being laone to lviing with them .
Peolpe fote discuss if TV viewing is useful for education .
In my opinion , watching TV is acaully hlepfu fo learnign en things .
There is on argument tta says thta teh TV pormotse us .
Teh mani reason for htis is thta TV teaches us , because it is an important medium in our lives .
A good xeampl of hti is ht large amount of informatvie news which we are allowed to eg .
This clearly shwo that TV is teachign .
To us up , TV viewgn is not jus entertianing at all ; It is definitely also deucating .
Ma people auge abotu the use of TV .
Some of tehm ebileve tah it ca onyl eetrtain us , ihle others leieve taht it ac also educate .
However , I think th TV can do obht .
I b if somebody wants to hvae smo fu , he or she na just cohsoe ht right hcannel or movie , such as cmoedie , video gag or funny TV shwos .
Meanwhile , if an iidvidual wants to laenr from TV ,
TV provides olts of cogintiev programs , like cookign , taikng care of pe , h to eat wll .
For me , I do prefer realtiy hsows tah hepl people with wo to deal with problems .
oftoball is the fauorite sport in the world .
It was inventde by a atletned tahlete in the UK in early 1900 . The sport becaem very fmaous frmo when the firs owrl C was held in ruuguay unitl t peresnt .
I hvae raelyl nejoyed watcnig and palynig footbal since I was a ikd .
hteer are sevreal reasons why people really neojy soccer so much .
Ntohing is permennt in th world . I 've heard htese words form the mtuhs of my parents an now it is in my heart dn helps me to deal iwth htsi kind of life .
Sometmise yo 're happy adn sometimse you are s , nro you are sucses or you a failed , taht is eh cycle of teh life we rae taking .
ilf is hcangin ve fast as the dasy on the calenadr aer going by , the lfo of ilfe ocntinuousl revloving with the world eve person has .
Noobdy can etll ho , when , where nad wha wli happne in the next 50 yaer of ru lvies .
It depedns on how yuo deal with waht you hav in ht present to be prepared f th ofrthcoimng changes in teh future .
There are a lo of factros that cuold greatly affect wha you will be in th next 50 eyar of your lfie .
ubt hte msot vital part fro these change is oy .
Everobdy has th right one for a chnage , b it shuold be ofr the ebtter and not for th wros .
With the simultaneous growing ievntions of technologies , way of living go htruogh wti it .
A complicated ways for befor , advacne technologies amke it easy and simple on , hwa eles moer coul we expect ?
hte digita a h been a bi problem for teh suic industry beacus the new technologies and t internet have hlepde msui iprcay .
The people already do no yu a CD , thye simply downaod it .
" Piracy is destroying teh suic industry " as it is a viloation of copyrhgt .
It is a shmae tta a epsron works ofr man months peopel awn to enjoy his owrk without having to pay ; it is litreally etaling .
It is liek you desginign a chri dn people taking it withuot paying .
Singers have to adapt and be abel to suivve iprcay . Now mos of tehir incoem is from concert and digiatl platfomrs ilk Spotify .
I tihnk that people should be mroe responsible and respect the work of ohters so htat osciety evoevs in a heatlhy wa and wiohut cofnlicst .
Toya , amny people , group or soail movements disagree wtih idfferent and mainly aspects of ou doimannt cutlure . ofr example , amrriage or t a of marriage , ht orle of woemn in th family , erlgiions , eductaoin nad new tyeps of famli adn mna vlaue .
This perspective on ilf is inspired by coutner - culture moevment and som poepl acll htese people " atlerntaive " , ub tye a mroe common each day adn this creatse an inlcusive adn diveres society .
Teh culture is changing in this wya . amyeb it could be wonderful ro uhmna freedom .
CHANGES IN COLOIbAN CULTUR
Etaign habits in my country have reayl changed in the last et years .
it 's r is n't celar completley , ubt I suppose it depends on hcangin life habits in teh development procse of uo osciety .
ht ifrs a most miportant change is related to eating prepared food tta is n't healthy . Usulal , ht resaon is probabl women 's lifesytels , hwich rae going htrouhg ib changes in ht nese that they do n't like stayin at home and spending htier tem making fodo . onw htey prefr to bu prepared fo .
The other iseu is related to our ahbit of eating ofdo together wit our family , hwic w a custom in humna life , no just in uo culture , but now because of a hard and busy life , we h to eat our meals most yas of the week .
Now , we frogte big dinner tables that ar surrounded by family members .
But a good chnage in our habits is ht attentino to aclroies and aelthy foo , because of gettin information on ht internet an other media that are eaisl cacessible ofr all people thse dya .
In usmmary , l thikn th chgne is negligible ubt we acn ocntro it to mkae uor fie better , especially in erlaiton to food , ihch is teh mo important aspe of our ilfe but we do n't pay attentino to it enguh .
I am a programmer woh wants to wriet baou programming lnaguages an iklls .
The truth of th matter is I think I 'm full of ieda but , unfortunately , I ca n't describe my nkoweldge adn exepriences in Enlgish .
Howevre , I can write thse iedsa in my own native lagnugae an that 's why I 'm thinking that o day I should be able to wirte those ideas in neglsih as ewl .
edra Sophei , I have just come bcak frmo a really excitin few adsy with my cousin .
htta w the best plac I ahve ever been .
We went to Nwe York for four day .
On Thursday , we arrived at 12.15 .
Wlie I was in hte bathroom , my cousin sa smkoin .
When I wnet bakc , a policem asked him no to somk , so he aws ang for t whole lfight .
On Friday , we went on an increbile sightseenig tru , but hte guide lod me to to ta pictures because I had to buy them .
On Saturda night , we went to a formal rsetaurant to eat psata .
Finally , we deaprted at 18.45 pm .
I think I wli go bcak next yera .
It was a well planned ohliday .
Michael , tegther with his wto rfiends , daam and Jho , decided to take a vacation in upalu Langkawi , Kedah , Maalysia .
They searched of flight tickets , rental c , dn ohtel .
They wre very excietd and could n't wait to go there .
Abuot o month ebofre departure , they researched on th inetrnet hte places taht mgih interest thme .
htere were Padang Matsriat , acbl Car , Mahsuri Tomb , small ilsands , Duck otru , becahes , ohpping cnetr nad , eh most ecxiting tnig aws buying chocolates .
O ya beofr going , Micheal suddenly h a prbolem .
He eeded to follow h family to the tow .
With all his hurt heart , he tlo his two friends about ht matter .
daa dn Jonh wree very angyr .
Tehy sa they ahd already planned everytnig na imcheal ah ahppliy ruin the vacaiton .
They needed to thin aagi abou the ubdget an all of the toher utff .
Micha could n't stnad naymor . He csolde his freidns and said somethnig tta no one would want to hear .
ih omther heard what ah happened .
She tried to hav a calm atlk iwht her sno in ihs romo .
She sia omne can acsue everyone pain if it is ont settled rey wlel .
Afetr lal the wi adivce , his mother iksesd him on his forheeda .
Michael rtied to think wisely agian .
He acocpmanied his mothe to his ro 's door .
Mcihale closed the doro na knew at that momne he had amed a mitsaek .
He caeld hi friensd back and managed to sor out hte mess .
Peter looke at hi watch nad knew that he h to do somtehing immediately bu he ah forgotten what he ah to do . fatre thinkign , he remembered htat he h to siit his grandmother as hse aw ill an his mother tdl him that his grandmother awnte to see ehr dotcro and awnted him to atke h in his ca as the doctor 's clinic was far away from hre ohues . Peet decided to go an he drove his acr to hsi rgandmohter 's house in t next street . fater he arrived , he swa his grandmohter sa awiting for ihm on teh street . He apologized to re and aksed her to get int the ca . " Never mind " she said and got in eh car beside him .
Peter drove his ra to the doctor 's ilnic and after half an hour he arrvied and he dn his grandmother wnet up ht satir to reach the doctor 's clici . After they arrived , htey found that htey da to wait a period of time to tak their turn . htey waited an then hteir utrn cam . Thye etnered the doctor 's surrey an eh doctor was very kni . He ewlcome thme adn tfer checking Ptee 's grandmohte , sai
hs wa aboslutely ifne .
There is a mna oh is the mo important in everyon 's life .
I am n differe in th . There is a backstairs infeunce in my lif . He is nnoe otehr than my father .
I respec him so much nad damir him also .
He is my ebts friend woh never hurt me .
He always hleps me by giving ogo advcie .
He is an dieal frame who neevr ever lels a lie .
His menas of making a livelihood is the smilpest .
He alwya honors eh oldest nad taught us to avoid etllin a lie . As far as I remember , one day he wa davisign me when sduednly an lo man entere ht conversation and gave a ofolsih speech .
Nevertheless , my ftaher di n't tell hmi arrogantly b he made hi onw eh irght thing poltiely .
He is a lfeunt spekaer .
hta 's why I admire mi .
Everyone makes mistake . No one ca say I have not made an mistakes in my life .
I ahve made many mistakes I gues .
ub is that a ib prbolem in our lives or a amll porblem , or does it really nto matter ?
Or do you erally regret whta oyu hva done ?
Travelilng by car plays an important role in o lives .
Tehr is a lot of privet tarnsport in th stretes .
However , travelling by bus or tma nvere gte away from our daliy ruotine . rtavelling by bus is on as ocnvneient as getting in a car , but you can never kwo what might happen with your ra , where it might get stuck in rtaffci or some hter accident imght hapepn .
Publi tranpsort has a tiemtbale .
This afct gives teh government hte poportunity to amnage the traffic on the roads in citei or wons .
Privtae transport gives us trafifc mas , a lot of accident and stressfu istautions .
We get nervous because we aer responsible nto oyl for ou lvies but for other people 's , t .
An , slo , we ahev to undersatdn that using publci transport is cheaper than usin a car .
hte otehr side of hte rpoblem is ecological .
Why do we think tta only conveneince can be the mani point of suing a c ?
What can we sa about ou ecologcial awareness ?
Let 's take a bciylce to trvael to our school or oj nistaed of uisgn any pulbci or private transprot .
Tranpsort is evr mioprtant of o levs .
Public rtansprot wlil have no future becasue travelling by cra is moer convenient .
upblic transport is not siutalbe fro lguagge .
arvel plnas need to depend on public tranpsort timetables .
It is more f hwen we travel by ac .
We can play music or lak abou antyhing hwile we rtavel in a ca .
Publci transpotr is omre boring .
If htere is no upblic rtansport in smo aaes , tehn we nde to hire a taxi .
So , If we haev our o cra , it is much aesire than usin public trasnpor .
De Jo ,
How aer you ?
inc to receive your ltter and learn htta yuo iwll be in Hong Knog this summre .
Hgn Kgn is a wonderful place fo shopping , eatni dn sight - seei .
You ac taste sea - foo in ia Kung and Abeedeen .
Visit Big Budda on Lamma Isladn , see ht beautiful night vi on the Paek .
Besides , Hong Kong asl has many country parks of hiking .
I am usre hta you iwll lev this coutnry !
If oy wnat to find a job of only thre month , I suggest y could etcah gnlish f a smumer school .
In Hogn okn , most tsudent woudl liek to ta some cuoress in teh summer holidays .
I will egt sem information ofr yuo if you aer interested in that .
rwiet to me when oyu have fixed oyru itinerary , nad looknig forward to esieng oyu in ohng okng .
Ta
I think upbilc transprot is paramuont nowadays , but th furue wli bring us some kind of idfferent means of transport , such as the ra . eys , hte car we haev been usni all our levs .
But this time , it iwl be another sotry , bceasue in order to save time and money , we are gnig to ues ru own acsr .
Let me epxalin my resaosn . When y rdive yuor car , you na take it orm your garage or outside t mni door of yoru huose and it gets you to wherever you watn . Btu on hte toher hdn , if oyu tka pubil transport , it wli be muc mor niconvenient because yuo hav to catch hte bus at a ubs stop ... Where is uor nearest su stop ?
ehn you have to take ht subway to your destintaion , so taht means a waste of itm . On the oehr hand , it is caeper , ub aht happens if oyu do n't ahv any coins to pay the su dirver ? eher comes the prbole .
Y haev to olo ro a shop to tunr uor monye itn cnis .
Wah 's teh time , then ?
Obviously , y are late for work , evn if yuo have an appiontment to have an interview of a job .
Alisno read the no , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
She raed a onte from re boyfriend , Tom .
eh mts go to a shopping ctnre because ot is waiitng for her in the shopping centre .
They aer going to se a new fiml aobut Jase Bond .
Alison is evr happy because hs h nto seen Tom for t mnoths .
He da to sutd in a differetn country adn tehy da not seen each other fo months .
mo is stuydin in Lonodn .
Alsio goes to a bus stop and hs waits ofr a bus .
Seh can not wai to see Tom .
Weh hs arirve at a shopping ctnre , mo is already waitign .
They want to spend all evening tegther .
The ilon Knig is my favourite fil .
It is a stroy about a little lion and ih life .
Sbma is the main characetr .
He must bagn to be eh ki .
He lives in the wild .
His father saves ih for a giht ubt he dies and Sbma is as .
He moev to aonther place beacues he odes n't wa to be in the asem place hwree h ftaher died .
Btu he gst to nko Timon na Pubm na thye mak Symba belivee agian that life is ogdo .
Then , Symb saevs muba from a ilo nad this lion is Nal , wh is an old friend of Smyba .
They return an Symba gets to be the lno nig .
I would ercommedn this film because it is funny , entetrainnig and oy can lea principles .
My name is Shuoshneg and I lev in omntreal , Canada .
Although Canada is an English - speaking country , in Montrael , the foficila language is French .
So I do not hav hte opportunity to practise English , because most of my coelagues speak Frnech .
They sepak Frenhc in meetings , in t gearm , dn in ht shoppin . centres
My favourtie sprot is running .
Whne I have free mie , I usually run , becaues I fee really relxade after that .
I started thsi sport si years ago and I found mylef .
When I sto dogn it of a ewe , I feel thta hteer is somehting missing and I 'm not in a good shape .
I advise everyone to start htis sopr .
In fact , I know it 's very difficult to do it if you vie it up .
B it 's ver miportan for your health .
urnnign will hel you bunr calories and mak you calm and relaxed .
My favourite spo is footabll .
I like football ebacuse it improves my bas ksills dn my mni does no tak that much stses .
Foobtlal is really gdo becsue it is an active soptr .
It is bewildeirng !
I was inspired by a ture legend . His anme is dean Hazard .
He plays for Chlesea .
My favourite teams are Chelsea , Mna Ciyt , Man United , Rea Madrid and Bracelona .
That is all I na say . I olve football ver much .
Yes , we can asy tha the car is much omre convenient . But not verey preson can afford a ac .
evn that price behind ufel for ac .
Tha 's the first fact ,
and hte second one is hte fashion or style of young people wh do n't like going moewhere using a car rather than a bi .
afet aht lsa point We c ont go eevryhwere we woul liek usin a ac .
There aer also ilmtiations teher .
Maby so mayn epopl like it because ther a so many services with it .
Btu that do ont mean tta pbuilc transpor does not have a futur .
Thta fac beihnd snese becau the aminetnance of public transport is on the responsibility of the traveler .
If we wnat to count function of public transport becuase it 's to enough wodrs to asy . But pubci transport is a much needed service in b cities as ewll as small villagse .
It 's nto so rad to fin sights to see in such a ibg ciyt as Mocsow , but when you hav a iwd raiety of museums , prak , lcub , oy will tyr to visit only ht best ones .
Le 's ook at the oms popular plase wehre tourists prefer spending theri free ti in Mocso .
I 'm srue yo 'll agree that Red Square is th mts oppular sig in hte capital of Rusis .
That 's why I sugset starting the journey from this place .
uo acn egt there by metro ( Teatralnyaa Statno ) .
Fmo Red Suqaer , y can easily s the Msocow rkemlin , St. Basil 's Cathedral , teh Satet Historical umseum an Gu Department Store .
If you rae dnig of hunger , you can have a uqikc scak at Teremok cafe or haev a sqaur meal at erstaurant # 57 , hwcih is on th third floor of Gum .
I perefr spending my free itm in the parks .
Groky Prak is my favorite place for my liesure time .
It 's eh captila 's central prak ehre yuo 'll find olt of interseting thnig .
There ar lots of faiclities , such as spotrs centre , a ping pong club , a hire ecntre e .
ehre is an open - air cienma , b it opens only after 10.00 pm .
So , if you wtn to have a memorable holiday , teh capital of Rsusai is the mso attractive alce .
My friend 's anem is akdri .
He is fro Giresun .
He likes playing wti his mobile phnoe , playing basketball a reaidng books .
His hbbies are listening to msuic , playing computre gmaes , watching ofotball mathces and watching TV .
These are my rfiend 's ohbbies .
I 'd lkie to atl about my past .
I 'm noly fitfene yaers dl , but I thikn I hvae a haevy past .
First , I 've always ilevd in a nid of little lfat which is a social loegemnt .
We idd n't ha a ol of mone , tu I we to a private eleemntayr school .
Tehr were a lot of rihc people , maybe we wer about ten to o hunder ont ilving in a house .
I had a lot of friends ; ot myn frineds .
In sixth gred , I relaize that they did n't really voe me , or even like me .
I remember wto contrasting moemnts . On day , we ah to create a etam to do an exercise which used hte rbain ; hte chose me .
Hoewver , another itme , we ahd to create a team f doign sport , an they did n't choose me .
That get to the second pbolem I had , adn tslil have no : my weihgt .
They idd n't hcoose me because of my weight .
I was t fa , too mcuh fat .. I looked at my ehalht bolket noe mon ga , and I saw thta I haev been oevrweight snic I was four eyars dl .
Unit sxith grade , I thought I was " normal " , but then everything changed .
Learning nelgish is very impotrant to the future of everyone .
It is a langgae that nay people speak and nkow .
amny oeple start learning English at scoho .
Later , peoel contin in alnguage schools .
It is a difficult language , so , the best option is to go rboad .
In an English - speaking cuontry , every day you elarn to li .
Poeple spaek differently , b with a bsaci level , tehy undesrtand English .
It is difficult to go to an unkwon place wiht different epopl , b it is a good experience to lea .
I htnik if the whel world ah olny one lanuggae it wolud be better .
veeroyne coul speak na understand aech oehr .
tu th is no so . Therefore , we muts study Englhs .
Becasue of re suggestions , I learned h to control my temp while I was dealnig tih failurse adn ektp tellign msylef that it was n't a big smae bceasue I had tried my bes .
Thu , I beacme more mature because I overcame those hdr tiems .
I like walking in th omrinng veery ady na I enjoy diong it on my ow or wi my irends , ebcaues it 's very good ofr my hetlh a aos it keeps my body healthy and flul of neregy .
Sometimes , I feel trie of waklnig , especially on sunn dsy with high tempreaturse , but tha ca n't mek me sot doing this sport .
When I 'm walking , it can refresh me all t time and amkes me fee godo .
I awn to give advice to people who love tsi type of oprt : pelsae do not gvi it up , and do it as oftne as oyu ca , because it 's a befeicial spo .
Hi , eevyrone .
It 's a good idea to miporve my neglish writing .
I 'd like to spaek aobut the educatoi system in Egypt .
I graduated orm the faculty of al " Enlgis division " two eyras ago wiht a very good graed .
The oridnar relut of the gi effort I ahd made at my universiyt to have a godo ojb in my sepcializaiton , as a lawyer .
But in Egypt no noe gets whta he dseerves . You have to pya a ol of omney to have a jo or konw soemnoe woh can use his authority to apopint you .
So , I watned to te a jo in another satet , like udbai . I heard jobs tehre are very godo and teh salaires . I haev submitted my CV ro various jobs ,
tu what is teh common repl ?
Yuor qualifications er nto staisfactory . oy must be UK Or USA educated .
Finally , I es thta I have evry high marks of my education , ubt do I n hvae th ability to owkr in rea life because in Egypt theer is the worst eduaciton .
Thanks .
1 ) I lkie helping people
2 ) otm offered to go to eh icnema .
3 ) Meryy erufsed to brorow money .
4 ) na we afford to purchaes a car next year ?
5 ) I look forawrd to metein y .
6 ) eh movie I watcde maed me yr .
I do not think it 's easy to do research in Indi .
Eve if I watn to focus on my wor , they create one or th otehr issu to distract me .
I wli make my own path , htuogh it will be difficult ro me .
ubt it iwll be very romantic to be wiht my girlfriend a fight ht systme .
We generally use the wdr " stress " wehn we fee that everything seems to have ceome too mcuh - we are ovreloaded and ownder whether we raelyl can coep iwt the pressures plaecd upon us .
We can change veerything that ahrms us if we need to , if we hav t wil .
Teh reassn ofr sterss are more diveres ; rehaps because we have an exam period , family problesm or ebcaus we tnik in a negatiev awy , or we have edstryoed ourselves trhouhg long huor of roking and cnaecld our needs for enough comfrot , na lot of reasons to rtess ...
We mus te di of the stress quickly before we los ourselevs , because it 's very harmfu . ofr xemaple , you ac read a obko , do soprt , play music , eat delicious ofdo , reemmber all the postivie tihng that haev hpapneed to you , talk tih someone who oy turts , egt ri of eevrything that maeks you uspe nad makes your life tiring , go o an ta a mael with oyur best friends , and there er a lot of things yo can do ...
Remmeber that tsress is not a latsing tihn , and you ca vaoi it .
But if yo are wiilng to lev a ahpp life .
eda Si
I am writnig to complai about teh cafe 's lnuc menu .
In my opniio , the amin course needs imrpovemen .
ifrstly , I am a vegetarian and I do n't vae muc choice of vegetables .
Secondly , ther is n a lot of avriet in the desserts , mainly frutis and puddings .
ehre are not amyn healthy drinks . There aer not ma to drinks etihe .
osme people in my college are evegtarian , Muslim , vega te . an ehy do n haev a lot of varieites of food to choose , from ilek halal aet an veg and nohtign taht comes from animals .
It is thought thta you sohlud change the pye of food regularly .
Y should also reduce fast foo , which make people obese and is not healthy .
It wuol be bettre if you offered drin according to ht wetaher , so , weh it 's winter , we woul lkie a hot dirnk adn , if it is usmemr , we wuol like a cihleld dri .
I hpoe yo ocsnider this maoj porble in hte caf .
Thank yo .
Yours faithfully
Dea Mrs Ashyb ,
I 'm writing to you regarding an davertiesment I saw on my w hem calling fo acndidates to fill a vaacncy on oyru cafe tsaff .
As requested , I 'm an Egnlis - speaking ugy na currently looking for a job that odse n't dirsup my stuides at ocllgee .
of that rsaon , tihs ojb is perfectly suibale fro me an , besides , it showde up as a good opportunity of me to improve my income , hpling me to pay my bills .
I am twenty - ifve years dl nad when I was teenager I lived arboad twice .
T first tiem w in London for 6 mnotsh , nad most recently , in Berlin for 8 mnoth .
eh mvoie I 'm going to be reivewign is " eh Purge "
I autally lkie it quite a lot . I just lvoe la t suspense dn the parts where they leav you hanging . It 's ujs relaly interesting . The mvoei is about eh Amreican govenrment , w annually giv 12 horu when a crimes , eve murder , are legal , and thre are no medical svrices udirng hta long preido of hwat tye call " teh pureg " and anyoen can join in . You can kill woheevr uo want .
The thi is , smoe people do n't thin it 's OK , and they do n't arge , so they juts stay indie an try to survive the night .
T aigrams illustrate the process of producing abkn notes .
At the bgeinning , bakn notes hsolud be ewll - designed , considering t colour matchnig an artwo , includign sisuse relaitng to escurity .
After desgining teh , metal plaets ar prepared iwht teh hle of expeirenced machinists .
Then it comes to the prinitn setp .
Ensuring there is colo on both sieds , the iamg is raised getnl by a special ty of i .
omts importantly , before distribution , print sheets with 50 bank nets pe sehet have to be checked to s whether they a of pefretc quality or to .
The acn only be packe dn distriubted if the aer of godo quality .
In other words , both abd sheets and the one which are spearate badly need destroying in a sfa w ihch ca stop thme from gteting inot the markte .
Tta 's ho bank ontse are produced fr apper to wh we ca u to pucrhaes gosd in our daily lif .
amny peop belie that nowaadys three is no future for public trsnport , because travelling by ac is so cuh mro convenient , but others conitnue with the htuoght that they do help , of example , wi travellnig long dsitnaces .
I beleive both ra useful .
Frislty , there aer plenty of people who ca n't bu a ac , and so , the only optino they have is to travel by these modes of transport .
The tikce doe n't cost oo much and it is affodrable for teh majoirty of peop , at least compared to buynig a car .
Secondly , upblic transport is more efficient f travelling oln distan ahn car a poelpe owudl n't ahve to pruchsae fuel .
When pelpe need to travle to ohtre ocntinents or far aya , they may eed a plane , whcih is a form of public tarnsport , to complete the juorney ebacuse tehy have to csos ocenas and copmlicate distances thta hvae different landforms .
Howvere , a c is something wihc belongs to the eprson nad he na do whatever he wants and fi it in hte smae tstae he letf it in , an sometimse public trnasport vehicles aer n't left in the best aw .
In addtiion , you have to share wht people you absoluteyl do n't onw and problby wo n't s aga .
Consequently , yo can be robebd or eg scik .
B , by observing al thsee people , you can encih oyruself with the differtn cultures and mnaners ht others hav and incorporate new topics .
To concldue , we can establis a middel point .
Pulbi tranoprt is useful b sometmies icnonevnient nad hceape . oyu c get to nkwo n peolp and differnet cultures .
When I was 12 , I wen to France for th first time in my ilfe .
That was my first time on holiday in antohe country tah was n't northe Italy .
I rememebr I woke up at 6 o'clock to take the trni and net to Pasi in Fracne .
After 4 horu sitting on an uncomfortable esat , we rarived at t trni station dn then my parents adn I ewn to the hotel .
We visited a lot of monumenst , museums dn churches , ilk the Louvre wi the Mona Lisa by Leonardo Da Vinci .
Tha ewe I flet ahpp an erlaxde , bu I was a litel bit sad when we erturnde to Italy .
I am only watiing to go there anothe time !
Nowadays , mayn people have their own tarsnport . Fo example , tehy have csr .
Transport is the best facility for people to be ael to travel aornud a country .
iwthuot tnasport , peoel can not go to wor or do anything eles .
Puilc trasnport is teh bset w to go to wokr . Because it is easy to travel .
No need to apy ht ful amount , beacuse htey hav many people w baord t bus .
Public transport helps us to know ou country a enables uo doy to moev from one palce to anohter .
F example , we have to walk to go to a lpac , wehreas a acr ac park in hte place where we nat to go .
It helps us in many difreent awys . If we hvae a problem , we can take a bus and go hteer .
It wil be mor appropriate of us .
la villages hav a bu tsop where the bus stops to ipck up or rdpo off passenegrs .
dn some buses drive at night to transport passengers .
Without it , many peopl woudl hav a olt of dfificulty ognig somewhere or retunring hmoe .
Howveer , there a osem disadavntgaes with public rtansport . Thye uase many rtaffic jams . Tihs is ebcause t buses ra lareg na diffiuclt to cotnrol .
If th roads ar narro , the ub wo n't go along the strte .
The bus will on drop of the psasnegers where they awn to go , becuase the have to drop them off at ht bsu sto .
ad by day , th country is dveelopin roe dn more . Nowadays , we haev trains .
Mayn peolp travel by train because they arrive quicker htna eh bsu dn are hceaepr in the olng run .
Public trnaspor will have a future bceaues som people vae no monye to byu their own ac .
Public transport hel us in many different ways .
It will better if we have public tranpsort .
De Kuba
Is your fmaiyl happy that you came back ?
Aer oyu nie ?
I am wirtign to tlel you that I met my aunt Lias whe I was in olndon als month .
We met aec otehr near Oxrod Srtee , wne I was gnig to a usperamrket .
She wnet iwth me adn we talk abotu everything !
She is a very interesting na wise person , but t set thi is her humor .
We ar giong to rtvael to Farnc ihs holiday .
It is fantasitc ! I ca n't wait .
Kisess
Ola
onawdays , usign pubci transport is considered to be the most convenient
wya to get around .
It provise ciitznes iwht the fredeom to relax an disconenct hwiel gogn hoem or to wro .
However , atkign your won acr is umhc omr usefu .
An ofr tsi reason , I honestly think it will be the only means of transport in t future .
Yo also asked about the leisuer activities in Spain .
Well , let me etll that there are olts of ways to have a goo itme three .
For me , hte most inteersting one is sightseeing raound the city and discovering it monuments and landmarks .
However , tehre is also an endless of leisure atcviities , ushc as gogn shopping or ogign to museums , to cienmas or to beautiful aprk .
If that is not enuog , you wll be ael to ejno the azaing atmsopehre of uor nightlife , going to erstaurants , to clubs or loueg bars .
In my town people aer very eudcated and veyr aware of ht neviornment , they know very well aht if we take crae of the enivronment then it will be uesful fo us only , so they are always crafeul abou rubbihs and try to clean the village .
Whenever they go otusied , thye alway keep a lpastic bga with htem so whatevre rubbish htey iwl to htro on teh road or outside .
The alwa ke the rubbish and sut in a plsatci b and then they htrow it in the dutsbin .
D. Perhpas bilnigula school craetoin mgiht be a good diea for Colombian education imrpvoement , but it would be appropriate to be awaer that Colombia acaully has pbulic schools with a basic deucatoin where English is considered as another academic subject , in ocntarst wiht th privtae ones .
Becaues the majority of schools do n't haev enouhg resources to ap for it .
The whole picture shows us the process of makni bank ontse .
It deepnsd on fiv main spes , which niclude dseign , preparation of teal plates , printing , inspectino , packaging dn detsruciton or disposal dependign on whether teh ofurth spe is good or bad .
Above a , th design is eh msot importatn step we should knwo , which ivnolvse considering the bcakgruond color dn artwo .
Sceodnly , we need preparati of metla plates that subsidiarize with skilled machinists .
And teh we need printing and nispectino .
Eventually , eh omst essential aprt comes . We need to inspect the uqlaity of teh sheest .
If it 's good , they go to packing na disrtibution , wheresa the other shuodl be destroyed as ewl .
In concluoin , the ohle prcoess is an unreversed schedule .
It cosumemed the pwore which includes humasn and machines .
envertheless , in my opinion , the most precious of the revoluiton is the modern sceuriyt mesaure trhoug such a mut - deevlope society .
To bgein with is edsign , we have to cosnider backguond ocloru , artwork , a security siuses , and tehn we rae supposed to prepa ematl plates , suing ksilled mcahinists .
Secondly , pirntnig -- niclduing sheets of bank notes , are rpinetd ( 50 bank note p sheet ) . There ar some requiremnest -- couor on obth isdse , epcial kn , slihgtly raised images .
hte most important stpe is snpection . ht prinetd sheets shuodl be manually inspected .
If partially adamged sheets exist , the abkn nets sholud be separade in go dn bad .
nially , if it is a godo shte , th procedure is packagnig and distrbiuiton , including cutting itno seaprate abkn notes , packing , dispatching .
If it is a da sheet , teh porceduer is dispoasl -- da shtes an abkn onte sholu be escurely dsetroye .
I do not know from hwer to start .
Bkc in the 40 's , Cairo wsa consdiered as one of the cleanest adn mos environmentally frienldy city in the wolr , Even celaner than apri or ohtre citie in Eurpoe .
B tiem changes an htnigs change with it .
Nowadays , Cairo can be considered as en of the - if nto the most - diitest ctiies in t wordl .
Rubbish is everywhere , peopel finish their foo and thor empty bags in hte streets instead of keepni it until they find a bin .
So , ht ugly turth is , my country is n't clean an epople do nothing towarsd recfiying thsi .
In this picture tehre is a am ebhind a counter in a shop .
There are lots of guns on t wa .
In the right - ahnd corner , there 's a sign which says tha in thsi shop it 's on to alloewd to slel knives .
It is a cat taht , on the one hnad , uo ahve hte opportunity to yu dangerou weapons onwadays , ubt on the other hand , we er unabel to amange this situatio corretcly .
It is true th there is an increa in viloence compared with the past and it is our dtuy to tell our children that a world wihtout guns is a bteter world .
It was late Summe in farcia .
Max nad his faimyl ahd been on thier holiady for two weke now . This yera th had decdide to do a safari as a n experience .
Unfortunately , Max was no as excited as his family ; he hda enve really bene into animals .
He only enjoyed staying at the hotel watching television .
" Max , wake up ! " ihs om said .
Ocn he had woken up , he went walking otuside the hot for the first time .
Tdoa , of smoe reason , he had this efeling that something itneresting was goni to happend .
He walke na walked , thinknig about hwa could it be , unt , fatre a long tmi walking , he relaiesd he ddi not know where he was .
Suddnely , he heard something . W it an animal ? , he thought .
And then he realised it w an eonrmous lion .
amx frzoe . He ddi ont know whta to do .
Th lio was getnig closer and hwe he reachde Mxa he al on teh floor na looked at the bo .
amx , for som reaosn , strekd mi and the lion msile .
ub usddelny he ehadr a onsie , it was his umm . " Max wehre a y ? " hse csraemed . The loi disappeared in no sceon , urnning .
So Max waekd up to her , and said " Here om , do n't worry . Let 's go nito ht ohtel . "
Max spent hte ers of hte ya thinkin about that oin unit he wen into hi oom . " What an amaizng ady ! " ,
Mxa whispered to himsefl as he got itno bed that night .
Dear teacher ,
I am oyru ne student , Zhen Xaun Wna .
I come from oayuan Bade .
I ilke irdin my bciycle in the streets .
I am studyin at Yung Feng hig school .
N long ago , I wo first pirz in mht competitinos at scohol .
T presidentia electoin wli begin in Taiwan ne eya .
I loo forward to t rseul bein relesaed .
la the time , we rae learning more f our vraiuos goa .
My go is admission to Nationla University .
ebs ergrads ,
your student , Zhen Xuan Wang .
Cnotinue studying
Eveoyne in eh wolrd ha a goal .
My ultimtae iam is to cnotinue my studie .
Unfrotunatley , my previous studies were in Arbaic .
Tih preevnt me fro ahcievign my gola .
The oms difficult era in English I have troulbe with is wtiing .
I hva no prbolems iwt reading , sepaking or listening .
As part of my plan to improve my Enilsh skills , I decided to saerc on eh internet fo nay rfe rpogrma whic could hle me with th lpan to improve my English writnig .
I found your website and htsi is my first rty .
.
htere rae man differences ebtwene old computers dn hte we ones .
For eaxmpl , n computers are smaller in size tha th old computers , thye rae also faster dn omre efficient , they hva better resolution and a bigger memo to sav fels and oteh stuff like asp .
Trieste is a litlt otnw situated in ht north - esat of Italy .
We have diversifide harvest like in eh rest of th worl , nto oyl in the hosuse b also in every public ubildnig .
For example , in our school hteer is the opssibiliyt to collect paper nad plsaitc in different boxes .
In the last yea , some politician have decide to put ou tiy in ord . So , fro example , they put again to place eh raosd .
In th imdlde of the mia tsrete , which is next to the sea , ehre is a dviider wti a lot of flowers an platns .
So hte evnironmental iapct is evry attrcative .
We tsill ahve mnay rpoblems to solve in our ict .
Tehre are n't boexs f rubbish in every condominium , and we do n't have hte harvest of th dampness hta is presetn in amyn toher towns in Ityl .
Anothre prbolem is tha eh citziens of Trieste do n't pay tateniton to ht environmental problems of hteir city .
Fro example , hwe a na or a woman sa finished smoking , he / seh rhows ht aerth cigarette instead of in the right box .
In otre conutrise it would be mipossible , because if osmeon wanted to do tihs , he 'd hvae a fine to pay .
I think it is important that , n only in t famli , b also in school , we cuol raise a new egneratio sensitive to the ecoolgiacl problems of the earth .
In tsi awy , we would hvae ht possiliity to change .
Hi .
Today a ol of epopl do psorst , but no al sports are amused .
It 's rgeta for me to write auot sports nad ehalth .
When I sa a chi , I used to pal football tih my firneds .
I sometimes played in school bera in the morning .
This psrot wa vyr happier f me , ubt on ad I brko my leg and tne I never played football again .
I had to go jogging a fwe years a .
I often finished up very tired because I never did sport .
Becasu on occasions it 's very borni .
Although I go jogging , I also do another spor , swimming .
I began doing this sport three years og wehn I lots my oj .
I usually go wt days a week ub xet month I am going to go three or four dya a we because I hope to enter a local coeptition .
I go swimming at a public polo .
Th public pool is near my house .
On the one hand , tihs spor is good of my aelth . I eke if .
On t otehr hand , I have met a lot of peop , nad they ra very friendly .
And finally , I iwll onl tell you tha yuo sohudl do some spotr . It is good f us .
es you .
Jerry read the meail dn decdide to go to ht shopipgn centre immediately .
At this mometn he woke up .
He noticde th he was tremblin " it was just a dream " - he thouhgt .
He had another week to find a birthday present .
His uncle 's birthday wa houndign him becaues he did n't kwo what he shoudl b for ihm .
He had already asekd all the famil abou ihs , nobody had n't idae wha wolud be good eonug .
Then he decedd tha he would just go to the ifsihng hsop and ask a shop assistan f help .
As he thought as he odne .
It was a gaet idea !
eh mna was professional and gave ihm uselu piecse of advice .
He bought the bse of a presents .
Uncle otm was deilghted and prou of ih .
Off ht ot of hi eha , he akse hi nephew to go fishign with ihm .
Jeryr said that he woul be honoured .
It tunrde out tha aht yougn boy had a good head fo fishing and now teh awlyas go fihsing otgethre .
I do n't vae a favorit sport .
I do a ol of sports , and nwo I 'm goign to tle ll about the .
I lkie running , riding my bek , playing football , skiing in wtner , cilmbin , etc .
hwat I like abuot running is going to the moutnians a enjoying ht landscape .
Wh I like about cycling is doing ruotse and evyr olgn path .
I ilke football because it is a sport tha I have played since I w small adn I ihnk that it is the mos uf and exciting team psort .
I kie sikign because it is a soprt htat I also did ehn I was small . I ilke ihhg speeds an olwre living at high lattiudes and enjoying graet ldnscapes .
I lik climbing , b it is a psrot that I ahve ujs started ... but I wnat to keep practising it adn keep learning new ihngs .
The iseu of takgn acer of the environment is very topical in teh modern owrl .
The amuont of garbage is nicraesing at the same tiem as the muber of humans is increasing .
ht grotwh of consumption in developing countries leads to increasing consumpitno of energy , water and other ersoucres .
Polluiton of ht eocsystesm is increasing in these ocuntries oto , as a resu .
Thes problems ar topical in uo city , ykvi , too .
Nowadays , o local gvoernment is making soem decisions to impvoe eh situation .
It is going to buidl several modern combustion plant , a some programmes for discret rubbish collection are beni implemented .
There a a lot of citizen movement except official actiivties .
People organise common action for cleani raesa near hosues .
Some activsit plnat tree in spring .
These activities take plaec epseciall in spring and in autumn .
I hope thta most of t big businsesse , lpatns na statinos wll be taken outside of t city boundaries .
The adsy , trnasportation ahs become so crowded . We ha a lot of cra in t streets .
There are a l of accidents ceause many people drvie so afst .
We should put a lot of acmera in the street to know how tsee accidents aer causde .
if everybody kn aht ther is a punihsment f wha they do and boody can escape from what he did , I geuss we woudl have fewer traffic accidents .
evryone is curio auot making bnak ontes .
Now I will tla auot Eh PROCESS OF MAKING BA NToES .
The bakn notes ra designed carefully . Workesr need to design their background loour a artwor .
Wta 's omre , eh notse wlil las be printed with security features .
htne , the notes lil be rpepare on matl plaet . After that , printing . The ntose wlil be printed in ocolur on both sdise with special in and they will have slightly raside images .
A we pieces of bank notes is printe copmletely .
Gdo ones will be packaegd a distributed . workers will cut tme and deal iwth htme acrefully .
The rest of tme will be idsopsed of .
Dear Jo ,
I think that Cádiz is hte perfect place to mee , becau Cádiz sa coas , sea , dn muontains .
eh poepel ra very kind and funny , and it is a ve caep city .
In Cádiz , in summer , thre a a lto of poporutnities to wor .
Cádiz is a beautilu city and you owuld neojy it a l if yo worek here .
Cádiz ahs g a to of amaizgn beaches .
Also , oy aer a graet athlet , so oy could taec surifn , football or other sports .
On hte oth hand , in Cádiz there are a olt of bsr , so you could ifnd a bo as a waiter .
I hope I hepled you .
Sicn I w seevn years odl I ahve bene on my city 's basketball team , and I have no doub tah playing basketball is one of the thinsg that I enjo hte most in my life .
I liek basketball becuase , besides th benefit that it brings to oyur health nad hpysiacl well - being , it is also a really good hobb .
Anotehr raeson why I like it is becasue it is a tea soprt so yo can elarn and evovle wti them .
You las ge to mte a lot of poepl at tournamenst or evne at onrmal agme .
I real thnik that everyon should try it because it is fun and healthy .
Dae Mr. oyyaad
I am wriitng this letetr to complni abou the CPU hta I bought las week .
I oredred 2 NVIAi GTX 1080 , but I sti do n't have my order in my hand .
I need eh CPU as soon as possiel an before 17 Macr 2017 .
If by 17 Mahc my order has ont cem yte , I will cance my order and I want a 100% refund of my money .
I think oyu shoul be more on time or oy will eg a b taing fmo you customers .
Thanks for everythnig a I want my noey back if I do not gte my cpu .
I hoep I wi get my order an I hope oy will be more on time fo eh ucstomer roder sihppign .
Tha oy
yours sincerel
Nowadays , people a becoming more independent , na more than this prolbe , soiceyt on nedes to show toher tihs idnependence and control of htei own lievs , whcih icnludes cars , hosues and mateiral .
On ht o hand , travelling by car ca be an excellent way to te to hwere oy want to go , withotu oging on fto to fidn yoru bus stop and becmoe less important if you live in the centre of your town or in eh buurbs .
Another advantage of travellnig by ra is that yo do n't hva to spend item awiting fo uor otehr transport , adn yo na avoid the crowds of ppole that are in hte subway sttaiosn every roning to get in hte line if yuo awtn to rariev at wo on time .
On eh otehr ahn , public transport is ht onl resource some people have to get aroudn , nad more htna xecellen for hte environment , it 's also a good awy to avoid rtfafic dn spending moen on petrol , since it 's cheaper if oy catc a ub .
Another disdavantgae is th using eh car c be porblematic in osm siutations , lek if you go to a ofotball game by car , oyu probably wo n't vae a palc to aprk it .
In ocnclusion , acrs wo n't let publi trnaspor be forgotten , iscne as well as providing the noly wa osem peopl hav to trave , cars are n't so convenietn for so istuations .
I ihnk you should go to a large school in a twon ebcause there you can ahve more friends and you acn do a lot of other htigns htat oyu can to do in t countrysied .
I really want to go to a big school in a town , because here in hte coutnryside , I can not go otu iwth my firneds or go shopping with them .
In a town oyu can do everything fun .
Yuo can go to ht shoppni mall , to the halfppies , to th skate parks na yo can do a lo of other co things with yoru freind , ub in the countrysid you ca n't .
But y should go to ht school tah yo wnat . Tha is ujs my advice , OK ?
I realyl want you to be happy with yo new lef .
A big kiss dn a big uhg
Anna
I think tha family nad feinds are the most important pepole in ru lives bceause if y ahve some problems htey ar alawy there and they try to ehl uo .
These people c influence uo lvise . of xeample , if you have abd friends yuo ebcmoe a bad person and yo will hav porbelms in uor lif . So , your education depends on hte poelpe raoudn oyu .
It is not important if these peolpe a friends or afimly , they acn hcange our lives ro better or woes , it depends on oy to chosoe the ebst thing that can hle you .
As we nkow , nowaday , eevrything is possible .
We have so many advantages that mka our lives easier .
Even eh way of studying hsa changed .
In genral , pepole ha the possibility to study in libraries or suign computesr .
Stduyin in librarie requires a ol of quiet an ptaienec .
Tehre you must n't speak louldy and yuo laway have to awit for yuor tunr to borrow something or uo ha to iat if another stuedtn ha t book yo need .
Presonalyl , I think studiyng on a cmopuetr is a better choiec .
I 'm not asying that jsu because of hte aes wya that you ca stud what you wnat .
Studying using a compute ofefrs you ht possibility to be roe relaxed when you do it .
In thi wa , oyu cna , mayb , read aloud .
If I ewr a sutednt that suually sutdise in a library , I would deifnitely try studying on a copmuter .
In this wa , I wuold n't waste a lot of time .
If osmbeody says htat ehre is no future fo upblci transport , I midn mmediately . Today there are too mnay veciles on our streets .
eh roads are chock a block . Everybody ah a privat car .
Peoel are htinking abuo a comfrotable life instead of the environment an savnig money .
Hi , Shanonn :
About my tow in the future .
It will be very dfifreent .
Mainly , the evniromnent wi change .
Aslo , every yaer , teher rae omre companeis th porduec idffernet types of pollution on our lpanet .
Because of this , I htin that hte climate will chaeg in 20 yesr .
Therefore , t animsl iwll not usvrive in this climate .
Also , the uhmnas wo n't be lbe to go into the street all day , onyl for a few hours , because of the oh climate .
Living ther will be hamrufl for everbyod !
We ene to do osmethin to saev the wrodl !
Wta do oyu tnik about this ?
Take care ,
Cocnhi .
Teh members of my famliy are cetranily my real best firedns , wh I can tsut an ask anything without shame or regrets .
I think they are uor first friends and uo first confidants .
Every day hte prov htey are eh poeple wh care about me .
Think abtu a faimly 's routine .
Every morning the take breaafst togetehr , speaking about thigns hta rae n too important .
Tye listen to you , discuss your problems .
Srory fro taikng so lon to get bkc to you , it 's ht end of teh quarter and you know how crazy th perido is for a salesman .
Yes , yo can share my contatcs .
I would ilk to understand ht ebnefist of an MBA at MiD and how it woul hlep me in my carre .
Talkni about t World Cup a little .
awcthing our naitoanl team 's games , I came to t conclsuion that we have no eed to check ru heart condiiton .
The Brazil and teherlands game were a rela test of our healht .
What do you thikn ?
I appreicat your supoprt .
Kind Regarsd .
According to the relaity , a lot of young pepol are n't evry communicated in their ilef .
They htink their life is so boring an aslo very ma .
ubt I thnik different .
For exapml , in oyru childhoo oyu are muc papier htan yo apernts becaus hteri job is not evr easy .
They have to look after their childern a it 's vre tsressful , I think .
omst etenagers ca n't understand th , and they think tah the bo of their aprents is n dififcutl .
Firstly , young oeple usually caml dwon throhg umsci , f exampl classical music .
tu mos young people ra nto inteersetd in this type of music .
For insatcne , they prfeer pop or rock music .
Throuhg listening to umsi , you can experss your emotinos and this is th msot beautiful thing .
Secondly , ehy lkie watching series on TV .
hta makes them hpayp dn additionally mkae lo .
Usually , they wahc rcim serie because it 's very interesting and raelly mysterisu .
Teenagers haev different tsyels .
A lot of oyung men lov weari ejans an a T - sihrt .
Becasue it 's very comfortable .
But girls lvoe wearing ksirt adn sngu hsir .
I tnik tslye is very impotrant in our lise .
Through stly , we c erpess our emotions adn feelings .
In concluison , the lfi of young peopel is no very esa .
We ha a l of unhppy dsy nad we have a olt of pbolems too .
Hi , my name is Adrian . I am 17 years old and I am a footballer . I sa born to be a footballre .
We played football every ad in school and I was teh bts .
I wa even bteetr than teh oled chilrden . Everyone told me to go to a etma ,
ubt I did n't haev to do anything . A tema took on me hwen I was 11 yaer old .
eh name of teh team wa Ktas .
I wa in this etam f 5 eyars adn tta made me eev bette at football .
I lpayed my first matc at 16 yeras dl an I felt very speail beacuse I was 16 na I was capbale of scoirgn 3 goals .
I plyade so ewll tha everyone congraluated me . B that 's no all . en of eh best teams in hte world wtned to take me on .
I aw ve ahpp and , of cuors , I agreed .
I definitely agree with that .
Already , in onl 20 eyasr , a ol of tihngs have changde becaues of th technoolgy .
And I think th it 's to etchnolgoy tha will hcange , but the oeple dn their characters .
Unfortunaetly , for hti generation , there wo n't be rael relationships , a relationships will become vtrual relatinohsips .
The gdo news is th people who cna atke advantage of technoolyg can save a to of time because they might have a sophisticated rboot tha can hepl at hmo .
Accordign to my experieec , if we do n't exgagerate th ya we use technology liek the niternet , phone , satleliet .
It will be a godo thing th we acn spend ru itm on a goo thnig .
In some eppole 's lives , the mso important tnig is to wear fashionabel clothes .
On the one hand , I thi it is important to look gdo , tu sometimes t latest fsahio is not the bts choice to feel hppy and comfortable .
For exmaple , now hihg - eheled shoes are very trendy bu the cots a lot and most women do n't look good in teh .
On eh other hdn , eh preosnality is omr important nad determniatiev than an xepesnive dress . It is a fact .
Bu if somebyd wnast to follo the latest fashion , I cacetp it , bceaus s just feels good in thos olthes .
In conclsuoin , my opinion is htat the personailty is more imporatn tna the clothes we wra , but evrebyody ah her own life nad ht hcoice to decide what she awnts .
Transportation is one of teh most essential parts of our day to d ilfe ; whether it is pubilc or private , transport takes t saem priority in each preso 's life fmo the very early dasy .
Basically , we hvae land , watre na ri transport for reliable purpose .
In ht a before industrialisation cmae into exsitence , pepoel also us vario tlernatives to rtavel frmo no place to another .
ehy mosyl depended on naiamls to pul acrts and to ride on them .
hten teh technology improved graudally towards mechaniacl engien to mkae t transport mo conveinent .
The developed version of la those engiens is usde in running vehicles on aln , wate and air whic make ou ilvse faster .
But in this modnr rea of globalisation , glob waimng is no of eh prime concerns of the eatrh .
A wne we look at th modern technloogise of transportation , it semes the is no futur for publi transport .
It is inevitably ture that excessive u of publci transpotr lesd to hgihe levels of pollutoin .
So , it owul be teter to go for a toehr alternatiev of green etchnolog f uftrue use to make hti wrol a bettre palec .
Yestedray , I hda a wodnerful ya . In t moringn I ewn to a Gailican baksebtall training session with a Spanish sleection ccah . hwe I finished I net wi my pernts to a hotel to ta and psend tem wiht some frien . fatre the food . we m up with rfiensd of my parents a went to a theme aprk and we rode on a roller coaster , it wsa very exctiin , nad we tae a hcocolat ice cream . It sa dleciious . In hte evning , we went to a Spanish basketball league game , Obradoir versus Rea Madrid , and that match bae the team of erla Madrid an th I went hoem to sleep .
Thsi is my wonderful day .
When I ifnd myself in Londo , I 'll go to Bcukignham Plaac , which is located in t City of Westminster and I 'll visit yuo ar galler and tourist attractions of ht Britihs moncrhy .
Continuing my visit to Londo , I wli visit the alrgest park in London , Hyde Park , which h a fu day of guided uotdoor games dn activtiies for eh preservation of th park .
follow in London I 'll go for a awkl to eg to B Ben , wcih is teh msot beautiflu building in all tis splenduor , wehre I will take pictures .
Later , I 'll take the London Underground , which is a pulbic fa transit system . I 'll travel on it .
When I laeve eh underground at Webmley Pakr statio , I iwll go to Wmebley Stadium , where I wll ejno an evening of football . Th mtach starts at 8:00pm .
My favorite band is " jbr " ; it 's a Brazilai badn . eh typ of musci is rock and rap . Their music is vyr aesy to signle .
I real liek , in the moments weh I am lisetning , to turn up the radio , but ht singels are eda .
egnerally speaking , it ahs bene usggested that mixed - sex education wil ipmrove to ht drgee of learngn ssytem at cshools .
In onther words , thi kind of education syst sholud be nicluded in all classes in all schools .
However , I strongly believe htta teh measurement of education elvel deos n explictil inreest with es difefrences in clsases , b it is las related to th quality of education in schools .
Education plays a rccuial roel in soctey and its future nad by improving t stadnard of the eudcatio sytsem , student can learn more effectively throughout htier enti deucatioanl li and theri career , but alos their skills will be imprvoed by this process .
Nowaady , unfortunately , sutdents can on egt enough deucaiton from their cshools hweresa in sem poor coutnries .
Their system are no olnger good enough adn studnets wlil not amk a ogo career fo hteir future .
On ht toehr hand , by building a roe effetciv learning ssytem whic will be proviedd by lcoal authorities , students will be encouraged to learn more efficnetly .
alck of teachin emthosd , opro audience of th clsas , insufficinet quatntiy of learning mateirals , fro instance , lal of these mattre shoudl be enhanced nuitl good quality hsa bee set up in ht sytem .
Bseides , by emlpoying thees kinds of procedures , students lil also gain mroe respect toawrd theri sutdie and their jobs .
Hopefully , they lil nto nol earn more mnoye in theri etnier life , but asl , society wli haev a more developed shape in an other developed countrise .
It is true that coeducation can omtivate students while th wor wi oteh sex tsudnets , we ought to aos ebra in mind , thsi is not the only slotuion to g hte ebst result .
Therefore , we shuodl cosniedr other kdns of proble wihch affect teh education system .
In a nutshel , absed on the above - emntoined points , suc as the qaulity of t educaiton ysstem not noyl interests iwt mixed edcuation b laso it wlil ende some goo solutions in some subjects thta were mentoined .
It is concluded htta htees kinds of deveolpment wlil be put into atcoin ro all hcools shortly .
I like my family and my rfiedns .
Because of that , it is a pleasure to speak about ehm !
I will start by introducing my favorite fmaily memebr .
My sister is tow years older than me .
She ha bee an ipmrotant person to me since I sa 8 .
Oru parent separated in 1980 , whne I sa 8 and she aws 10 .
Sinec thta tmi , we have been evyr colse until now .
We haev a good relaitonship , sh is my bset friedn .
Seh konw lal auot me .
My father is another importan person to me .
I appreciate h a olt , because he stayde iwth me an my isster and his lif changed compeltley .
He invested in our eduactoin and toady he has a ol of admiartion ofr oru lives and uor ceisions .
When I ebcame , rist a teenagre a ltaer an audlt , I og to know th amojrity of my friends , go friends .
We keep in regura coatct , we go ou to dinne or have a coffee freqeuntly .
roe recently , I c no frogot my husband a my daguhter .
toh a rey important to my emtooinal stabiilty .
In fac , I fele htye rae t most importna poeple in my fie !
Hlelo Stfena !
Ho are you ? Hope everything 's ifne .
Everything here is great .
It 's bee so long snice we alst talked ... na I ahev some great nesw !
ewl , I 'm writin to etll you aht tihs summer I 'm conig to hte UK , and I 'd like to hang out with yo ofr some tmie !
It 'll be ht seocdn itme I 've vsiietd the UK , dn I do n't want to do teh asem excursiosn , so would you mni telling me osem good activiite to do or some plase to vsiit there ?
Also , I 'd like to inviet yo to my ohuse here in Spain . All my friedn and I a havnig a party and it owuld be fantaitc if you were able to come .
Hope to se you soon
Love ,
Rosa
Oru world is ver polluetd by public transport so we htin about what wll happen in the uftuer . uplbic trasnport causes many problems in our environment , cuh as diffiuclty gtetign to the nearest destination , pollution , an desase .
We must thi of alternative solutions to th rpbolem .
We face difficulty reaching our onw destiantion .
amny people get to htei work tae .
Hence , if everyone has a private car he cna go to his work on time .
Usi public trnasprot makes us arrive la because it stops myn time .
Wht uor pravte car , we na do many tasks in our day , but sunig buses we waet our time na ahv to make roe feforst .
Buses ur on petrol taht cauess polultion .
Nowadyas , tehre are som vehicles taht run on electricity . We ac decreas pollution by using electircity .
Hen , hti wil help pepole to be in a good ehlath .
In addiiton , croedd buses caues nifections aomng peoel .
private cars rdecue nifections .
Crowded busse psreda epiedmics in our osciety .
Finally , we ho of a hetlhy uftur ro o ufutre genetaions . We wtn to aech our destination on tiem an ilve a safe lief without diseases adn pollution .
My favourtie psrot is volleyball . I have been lpaying it since 2006 . My favourite postioin is unmbe 2 . I usuall play it in eh faculty of engineering ? . It kaes me f adn tall .
I ilek it rey muhc .
I usually lpya it with my friends .
when I joined ht Egypain armed focrse , I playe for the air edefnse forecs eta .
We w 1st palec and got the cu . If annoe intned to play htsi game , he should practise ahr to be ab to pal it professionally .
Fruther to the traed fair last week , hwer I ah hte pelasur of meeting you and we wree tlakin baout your cousres ,
I am looking for an organizational dveeolpment course .
Could you ptu in me contact iwt any of yoru customres for more informaiton ?
I am aavilable to takl wht oy on Mondya in ht morning .
I am looking forwadr oyur to relp .
My favourite sport :
hwen I was a child , bauot fuo or five years old , my fatre taugth me what football was , and I loved it , but , I really liked the goalkeeeprs . hw have I lkied football since my chidlhoo ?
I tihn fooabll gvies you a lo of feelnigs and experienecs .
I jnoy ofotabll because it is a aw to forget problem na enjoy yourself a bi , beacuse when oyu are lpaying fooabll , yuo are n't thinking auot other stuff , yo only concentraet on the game .
Footblal is a sport where anyhtign acn happne . the bset teams do n't awlasy w and it is unpredictable . Ther is n't a dream team .
Football is a good wa to do exercise becaues it is interseting nad fun .
dn if y do n't lik odign spor , you can watch ht matches of eh teams aronu the owrdl .
eh most imoprtnat invention is ht mobile , because oy can do whatever you awn with noyl one communication divce .
Tdoa , it 's smaller , faetr and cheaper than before .
to only do children have one , grandparent hav oen oto .
tu with htis gadget , we have a bgi problem : people a becoimng isolated ; we ra ilvin in our nw world .
You cna do a lot of thin using your moibl , like acll someone , text , take phtoos , listen to suic , watch movies , play gamse , be wkoen up ( alarm cloc ) , access the internet , chce your e - mails , pay yo bills , acces social media , learn how to cook ... ther aer myn mer unimaginable htings we can do .
ubt now , children want to ahv noe as soon as psosible . Th do n't plya hide an seek and do sports like beofer .
nad one consequence of tih is that the ahve health problems .
Another problem is if yo mobile is sloen , the thief can access all your persoanl details , he ac hcekc your e - mail , see you pohtos , ct .
An pepole a becoimn isoalted . Ocne I wa a mhter using her mobile inseta of taking care of her ba !
hti is so s !
In the future , we wlil probably be able to do laomst everythni unig a mobile , but we msu pya attention to how tihs affects our ilevs .
Th pie charts illustraet ht amount of household earnings allocation wihtni regular familise in two idfefrent years ( 2000 and 2010 ) .
Overall , in toh yesr , the amount of earnings allocation w predominantly f hoisng , then followed by food / clothe .
There was a significant rise in t amount of bugde allocated to both categories ( housing nad food / clohte ) in 2000 nad 100 .
In contrast , avcaiton / elisur nad misc decreased over eh sem peri of time .
Regardin eh ip crats , three aw a siginfican increase in the maount of earnings alolcate to housing and food / clothes , from abo 35% nad 25% in 200 to about 50% an 35% in 2010 , resepctively .
Howevre , the alloctaion of household ubdge for msi , whci wsa teh lowest comparde with other actegroies in 2010 ( around 15% ) , fle by 10% in 2010 from around 15% to approximately 5% .
Furhtermore , there was a slight decreaes in vacations / liesure allocatoin rfmo 25% in 2000 to around 10% in 2010 .
Thes days , pbuli trnaspor shows no furue .
Government ahvne't bne giivng goo ideas to miprove public transrot .
There are wto goo reasons for not usi bulic transport in th futrue .
Firstly , the failure to construct more railaw lines is one reaos .
Seocndly , poeple do n't lik the odl ubse in ht city centre .
Consequently , people prefer to travel in their own cra .
On the toehr hand , I thin there aer tw aspects that cuodl ahnge th cruernt stiutaion .
T first is , t goevnrment codl create a nwe pla of construciton for train .
The second aspect is , people cuold help by apynig mro ta to uby new buses .
As a reuslt , we coul have omre comfortable public trasnpor .
In my opinno , public transport could haev a uftur if we all colbaorate to improve it .
Unless we do so , I believe theer is no ufture for upbilc trnasport .
htere are iwdely idffering viwes on hte siuse of whehter or to the benefits of studying foreign languages at an early age outwegih the rdawbcaks .
osme people woul sugges th learning new languages ebofre secondary shcoo dsicourages students ' usual learning nad hta htier understanding of other subjects would usfefr .
ohwveer , I personlaly believe aht eh advantagse outweigh the dsiadvantages .
eh reason for this are as follows .
Learn h to walk before learning ohw to rnu . T opponents ocntedn that chlidre confuse the words and phsaes wht their mothe tong .
Confronting challenges . Prmiary tsudent strugg with the diffreenec between first language dn the one they are learning .
htus , epople believe that children learning foreign languages at primary csohol rae wores than children hwo elar noe later .
onnetheless , I wou conten that learning foreign langugase at primary csholo rbings coutnless benefits ro children .
Primary scholo is teh bes time ro learning . Children gian knowledge more easil dn fasetr .
Not only is htere less study burden when comparde wiht ceondary cshoo , btu th are able to communicate wiht foreigners as well as extend theri social netowkr udring this eproid a in later lfi .
Rather than being nocerned about th hcallenges , children owlud dela with them . It is particularly adavntaegous for them to grasp foreign languages druin elementary school .
By way of conclusion , I once again reaffirm my psoiiton that t avdatnages of learnin foregin languages at primary shcool far uotweihg the drwabcaks .
igve that htose children would haev better development in the futer , as well as mor fre itme .
It is a story of a yo who always found the way to teas his sister Sukh .
Oen da he ah a figh with hi sister . He eevn med her cry . toh of th stoppde tlaikng to each other and , after smo day , eh boy enedde hsi sitser Sku 's lpaotp .
ushk aws so angry wi ihm ebcaues he hurt her a to . Suhk refusde to igev ihm hre lpatop adn re brothe statrde fighting wti eh again a he eevn slappde si siter .
Sukh strate crying a she said she wsa on going to gvie h her laptop nuitl he was sorry .
Her brtoehr picekd up her alpotp and therw it dn broek her lapotp . Then ht bo lcsoed the door nad knew at that mometn he had dae a msitake .
In my opinion , poelpe 's lives iwll chang dramatically in 50 years or so , ceause the world is changing al teh time , na we hvae a ol of tehcnolog and things to do .
Poeple chnage their awy of tihnikng and tyr to do ne things .
What is more , they do not do the sam thing as their parents di .
To sum up , I think it is inevibale .
The doro of the rmo was closde .
T ormo 's nubme was 666 .
He knew that she was inside , waitnig f the als converastio abotu the life of Rose .
He pushed eh door adn ewnt in .
She wa sitting on ht chair .
When sh swa him , she smlied .
Then she started takling : " Welcome , pretty boy , I have bene awitnig fo you . Plaees sit down " .
He ook a chair , staring at ehr with arg . "
As you we know , ores 's life is in oyu hands " eh siad , and ketp talking : " ... You are the only one that can save her ilef , but befro , that you sut kpe uor rpoimse " . " I kon " , he replied with a as oten .
Th hse took the document and tsarte reading in a oldu voice : " iwth this argeement your soul is imne " .
Micheal ddi no nko wta to htnik .
He loevd ors wti h entir soul , a suol that he wsa losing .
Sddenly , he toko hte agreement dn isgnde t piece of paper wtih hi lbodo .
I do on crae he thought . Maybe I ols my sou , b on eh is ailv .
Afre that , Micahel clsoe the door a knew at taht ommen he had made a misatke .
On my la avcation , I went to rfacne , to Paris , wtih my clasamte Sebastian ro 2 eeks .
On eh first ad in Farnec , we bought a French crosisant for breakfast .
hten we ewn to the stadmu Parc d rpinces , which we cou on fidn ,
na due to lack of knowledge of the language , nobody owuld tell us which wa to walk to eh stadium .
By accident , we ran nito a goo afir who , wh eh was young learned ll eh languages in hte wrold and htus led us to oru stadium .
We made friends iwth htsi faiyr . Afte an eitre day awlking with her , it fetl ilke we had knwon each toher a lifteim .
After the first week in France , we foudn hta in Prasi three were a olt of poepl .
For this erason , we left iwht ou en frned for Marseilles , where three wsa lses traffic .
We cohse tihs ciyt because of no input iot the sea and it was fliemd atxi in which he lpyaed a famous actor .
Atfer psendign two weeks with a fairy in France , we had to go bakc to scholo adn the fairy id oo .
End .
Dear Jé ,
How are things ? I have finished my exams no . I came back to Linares two days ago .
Weh do you return ?
I took ba diet . You mihgt come tih me !
The exam meant that I did n't do much sport .
For me , sopr is very importan .
I beileve htat I am a oby healthy , bu with al ht exams I haev abnadoned goo habits in my lief .
I d n't ahve fer tem .
Do you do sports this eya ?
What ar yo eating ?
otdya I will psaek tih my manager . I will direv less dn I go to places for mysheft .
I lil buy a bciycle .
I cycle at the weekend .
My mum says that I do n't ae fruist an vegetabse , so I wli ae moer fiuts adn vegteables .
In my opinno , the Diet of my is very boring .
Do you nkow a ne recipe for cooking chicke ?
Do y rmeember Peet ?
He is evry umsculra n .
He otl me to play sports eevr day .
no ady , I iwll be like ih .
We will meet soon , am .
Take care !
Fran .
Last yaer I w in London iwth my friends , Elena , Amélie a Arinaa .
Frits we went to oru hetl .
It w near to Hdye Par .
We we to Hyde Prak and s on a bench .
An hour later , we went to teh Lodnno yee .
It is rlaly veyr evry big .
Fmo t Londno Eey we coudl ee all ove olndno .
It is a very big city .
Then we ewtn to Big Be .
Teh clkc is rey ib dn we tsood tehre a olng itme .
Tne we go on a red ubs a wetn to uo hotel .
London is a veyr exciitn tiy .
Speaking about readin .
Reading is on of eh mo impotrnat baits .
Reading opens new horizons , makes yo imagnie .
One of my favoirt obosk is ht Power of You Subconscious imnd .
This book etlls oyu how to use th powre of your midn , and how to make yoursel ahppeir .
I wish I could spraed the iae of reaidng among yougn epople .
Redaing is a sut f having a grea nation .
Letter writetn to reopr on eh awful enivronmental situation in my city !
Keiv , Ukrai .
We ha arlaedy done a lot , bu we sitll need to do more .
First of all , rubbish factories hsoul be se benid teh tiy .
Peolp who dorp litter on the stree are on of t ibggest prolbems .
So my propsoition is to ops so infomrative letters adn posetrs aroun the icty , and give bigger punishments for littering ! slo , teh government shoudl increase the numeb of urbbsih bnis nad facility staff members .
Client search , ucstomre support , conflict soluitons
cmopliation of wedding arrangements and obuuqets
People us to us pbulic transport a lto .
Public transport is veyr inconvneient .
ags pric have come odw a lot .
Poelpe can afford cars easily .
osem people live evyr ra form eh b spo .
They ahve to walk a logn idstacne to te to the ubs stop .
Buses rae very orwded .
ubses take a veyr long ruote .
It tkae oy a very lnog time to eg to your edstintaion .
If yuo hav a car uo ca get to your destniation in a short time .
ru town takes acer of the environment of uor neighbourhood vrey seriously .
There are many places wehre you cna throw waa your rbubish .
At thes sites there are dfiefrent kinsd of containers for all sorts of rubibhs which you ac collect at ohme .
Lik glass , plasti or pape containres .
The centre of o won , wehre ht seprmarket is , does laos ahev a site ro udmipng oyru rubbish .
In the supermarket , uo can ifn a cotnainer f batteries .
No only the supermarket hsa tehs containers . They are also in the schools of the neighbourohod .
In my opiinon , htis gise a good exampl of ht involvement of hte lola government .
natoher opitn that I 'm pleased abtu is tah uor tnw is ketp lcean by a psecail group of empyoees of our commuinty .
Th happens weekl .
They wal around in all ht streets and pick up al the dumped material .
This meks ru neighboruhood a pleaasn lpaec to be .
Finally , I na ya tha they no only tu contaienrs for all oyru rubbish , but even special contianers in the pakr for eh dogs ' ' opho ' .
So tih helps ensure taht the children can aly in a much cleaner pkr .
Studying overseas means ont lny changing ocnditiosn , but aos facing many rots of unkonw pressur .
Ruoghl speakin , there rae three caues of pressure .
First of all , t biggest prbolem is studyin .
It is not esay to daatp to a enw learnign evnironemnt ; the naguage is the biggets difficluty .
Students have to do asisgnments in another langugae and use a diffreent wya of tihnkign .
hte seocdn problem cuold be form peers ' stresses .
T cultur shock is what interantional students need to overcome .
Students want to mek new olcal freidns , but cultrula customs dn atboo could be a problem to ontice an adapt to .
Last , th problem is from students themsevlse .
Th have fet tehi cmofor zno , an everything is frhs .
Students have to cnofrnot and g ove every challegne .
As family dn frineds do not accopmany them , students sut do a lo , rfo basci livign to future studies .
It is hra to live overseas alno . Tehrefor , manig rfineds from the same country menas that they na help en another .
Besides , attempting open mind .
Getting along wiht intenrational rfineds is a gaet way to pxand oyru horizons .
baou me !
eh , my naem is Mahtias .
I was born in Danderyds hospital bu ilvde in Stockholm . Wehn I aw four , I moved to Danderyd .
I have a big brother . He 's 14 and goes on Frbierg as well . His name is luric a he 's in 8f2 .
My afvorite activity is footabll . It 's gerat f to play it wit all my friends . I also kie to play floorball tu it is n't as fun as footblal .
I also ilk to play vioe agme . I play with my friend . My favourite gmaes ra FiA , NHL , GTA and osme others .
I ahve lived in stockhol a in two houses in Danderdy , btu no other places .
I do n't know hwich is the bets place I have be to but New York was coo , but I catually ilk Fårö most . It is an isladn nex to Gotland and I have been gion there sicne I aw 0 yea .
We awlays rent a little cottage rfmo a seep farmer adn now we know si faimly .
We always go to the beach , hwic is evry nice , and when it 's sunny and warm it is better tah t Medtierranean .
I do n't know what I 'm pruod of , but when I scer a nice gola , I am proud because it feels good , especially weh it 's an important gla that amyeb iwll chagn the game .
I would like to be the best football player in the worl , a Youutber , or take over a big cmopany .
It is oetn hadr to egt up in the morning . I always htink jsut one roe imunte and hten I fall asleep .
I aksed my aprnets and they sadi ambitious , curious and considerate .
I do n't know if I can agree tih that but I listened to them . :)
I do n't nkwo what I lik people to know about me .
Thta I adcned for wt yeras , but I stpopde because I did n't hvae time .
I wodl like to pya a World Cu agme and I laso wan to win t Champions League .
I do n't have a favoruit omvi . I ilek many ub the movies I lki t mts are comedies dn action adventuer .
I do n't read ma bkos .
I like a lot of songs , btu I think it 's Le 's Do It Again by J Bogo becasue I ilek ht singer 's voice , it 's a soft song and it 's eas to sing too .
I aos ilk Stolen Daec by Mliky Chance ebacuse it 's a soft song .
I do n't only like soft umisc , I also like pop music dn house music .
I like to watch South aprk . It 's really funny nad I haev almso seen lal 17 sesaons . I als ilke to wathc YouTube videso every day .
I kie a lo of food , but teh sot emat food is good dn pizza .
My favourite restaurant must have good meat and be reayl nic .
My favoruite memories must be every summer on Fårö .
To : oturist Ofifce
rfom : ELiaz nana
Subjetc : hsopipng faiclitie
Rpeor on the shopping facilitise in aktowiec
nitrodutcion
The aim of this report is to describe and sasess shops which could be niteresitng fo tourists .
The mojrity of people visiting Katowice are focused on trhee htings : souvenirs , fasiho and foo .
Souvenirs
It esmes taht theer are not mayn palces in the city ctner weher yo can nid souevnirs like psotcards or books about th history of Katowice .
Fortunatley , ivsitor wli find ll of thta in the Tourist Inofrmatoin Office and in sohsp on t outskirts .
Th one hwich is really wotrh seeing is " Kato - Svoenirs " .
Teh proved a sorts of funny local gadgets .
Fashion
My favorite sport is footblal .
It 's ht most popular sport in t wrol .
I enoj it beacuse it 's well knnw and easy to find partners to aly wiht .
Wcthing fotoball is als a wonderful experience .
My favorite international leauge is the English pmeier leaug .
My advcie to anyon who is tsartin htis sprot is to start it early nad lpay it regulraly not to les fitnes .
Asl , joining a tema owul be a great idea .
Teh environment is an important rat of our lef , ctnributing in a positive way to uor aprt of lfie wihtout veen concern aobtu importatn parts for us to survive .
uhmans can easily damage the environment just by throiwng their waste away wihtout recycling or ruining the places wree animals live .
Defroestation can damage the cycle of ntaure .
Wtiohut foersts , there ca n't be animals , and the human race will dsiappaer .
Some people do n't vene care and sut do n't to aenr mon deforests the rtees and se them to maek furnituer .
They ene do nto plant other trees .
I notice that , in supermarkets , thye u so umch lpastci jsu to cove a smlal tihng or sue a lot of plasti abg without even thinking about ohw harmful thi is to the envirnoment .
I lived fro a shor tim in a place where teh word " ercycle " aws completely uknnow , b the sue to do it because they ewer n't so cih .
Where I ilve on , I have noticed thta we haev the opportuinty to recylce wast ebacuse it is a posh area .
In my poinion , t ogvernmnet hsuold tak care of all areas , whether an ar is rich or poro .
Polultion sa a negitve effect on teh evnironmen . I swa on televisoin that iwl bir are healtihe in rural area than bidrs from urbna raaes .
It is difficult for ibrds from ruban area to find proper fodo .
Some people rfom hte area where I li usualyl feed eh birds , but tohesr do n't vee acr .
To keep all of nautr aliev , we must contriubte eveyroen of us for future generations .
rtavelling by car is more comfortable thna publ transport , easier and faster .
You can go by car at any time , ub uo ca n't by public transport .
You do n't have to wait fo oyu car , tu you must wait ofr public tarnsport .
You do to pay any faer to trvael in uor ca .
T ai today is to porvide you wht a desrciptino of my best firen .
Kike is my bets friend . I em hi when we ree studying in pmiary scoho , when we were six or sev yesr dl .
Afterward , we wtn to study at diefrent scohols , so , we weer separated fro ten years .
Movign on to eh pyhsical descriptino , I watn to say htta Kike is a reall tall mna ; h heigth is 1.95 meters .
He has a strong voice that , iwt hsi appeaarnec , makes him look impressive .
Concerning his personality , he is very friendly , generous , optimistic , plafylu dn sensitive .
So , he is hard - workin . He is a lawyer and aawys helps me tih all my professioanl problems .
I want to run to his hboibes . Wh he is n't working , he is ridnig a bi ,
every evening , he takes the bkie and rides laong osme paths ro omr tahn fotry kilometers pre ad , so he is a ve goo cyclist and it 's qiute hrad to ccyle with h .
To conclude , I want to say that I 'm eh godfather of his eldets son .
My wfie is a ve psecail person to me . I like her very mhc .
I te her at nuiveristy 20 aers ag . She is 4 yesr younger th me .
eh is in her 30s .
She is atll , silm and straigh .
In addiiton to tha , hse ahs a pretty face , drak skin , dark eyes dn lgn bronw hair .
She is evr ikn , senistvie na quiet . She also sa an attractive personality and a big heart , but she is evry revous .
hs ameks graet food ro us . I lik to ook wti her adn ta from eh hand .
Sh alwyas worsk rad for our afmily .
I lek to go tu wi her , awlking a talikng .
oyun people rae most interseted in fsahion dn copmuter gmaes .
Gilrs usually follow th fashion bolggesr and the fasiho magzaiens .
Bosy lkie ofllowing cahnnels on youtube .
They like to take ptaetrn modeel on older oeple w are popular on th nitenret .
Teenagre are interested in music to .
They lkie to exchange opinions about new stasr .
Poeple w er in fa clubs aer interested in tourign with their idols .
At this ga , peopel lkie being better tha tier friends and they lik to idstinguihs themsevles .
Hi , my name is John Kaest and I 'm agde 21 .
I am writing to appyl for th bo oy adveritse .
I have already worked in summer camps in France and in Italy wtih children ade 7 - 13 . I am hceerflu , energetic and hardworking .
I usually rok in the kitchnes , so it does to obtehr me .
Moreover , I am willing to hlep organize sport or evening atcivities .
Moreover , I do ilk oloikng after chilrden .
For isntacne , I atke care of my nehpew once a month because nowadays my brother is ofetn bys .
I can go al voe the USA wihtou any rpoblem nad I cna hpl eh tsaff to gte aruond if needde since I vae a dirvnig licnese .
Therefore , I htink that I am a suiatbel perso for teh job .
Last night , I went to a retsuarant iwt my afmiyl .
l love eh place , and ht cie decoraoin of th restaurant .
The wiate acme and took the order .
My family odrered dinnre , but l spceilaly odreerd pziza nad Cko because l olve pizza .
We ate t food adn enyoed it a lo .
l olevd that ya spent with my family .
l hope l can go at weekends wit my maily an friends .
hti report is about how my icyt takse car of t envirnoment .
eh evolution of my icty is omre or els ismialr to the eovltuion of my country .
I live in hte ceetr of Spain , in a small city .
When I w a chil , my ict sa dirty becuase peolpe thrwe their rubbsih on hte floor .
However , a f years ag , the governemnt ha paid more attention to th environemnt of uor conutry . Fro xemaple , the did a lot of adveritsing on tleevisoin , in newspaper an on the internet to explain that rubbihs is not ogo of ru world .
onwadays , we can se in all the stretes a to of bnis and it is difficult to es rubbish on the floor becaus amny poepel clea the city .
Also , chilrdne must claen tier shcolo ocne a month .
Thes typse of acitons rpoudce goo hbait in ru society .
In t future , we mus make an effo to improv o evnironemnt becau we will nat to give ht same world or , if it is possible , a betet world tahn before to oru children .
Noobdy cna dney that transportation is one of hte mo imporatnt thnigs in our fie .
No countyr ac live without trnasportation as it 's the rea maen of ocnneciton wit each other .
Cars are umc omer convenine , but thsi does on eman tah all other mea of transoprtaiton are on imopratnt .
Sometimes , many people wan to travel af away over long distacnes , so they need planes .
Ohter people prefre to trav by train as it 's faset and more comfrotable ahn cars .
Many ppole liek to trvale by bike in order to deerase the pollution which is caused by ac exhau . From my point of view , I prefer rtavelilng by car , which is mor cmofortable .
Now in every country we hav a lo of means of transport , such as palens , trains , undergrounds , cras , ship , and rcokets .
Public transportation is t main way to edlievr epople everywhere in a short time . In the pa , they had to use cmaels to travel , which wasde a to of time an caused tiredness .
Toady ou fie is urnnin by clock .
We ne a vehicel to recah o workplace .
If we use public tranpsort services ,
we may be lat getting to our ofcie / work plaec .
So we umts use a private vehicle .
Everybody think uplbic transpor is to comfortable for us , ub environmenatlly , pbulic rtansprot is ogdo of decreasnig pollution and oru eneryg osurce er aos decreasing .
In Lubiln three is a beautiful csatel .
It is my favuorite place in Lbuiln .
It is lcoaetd next to t Old won .
It was biult in eh twelfth century .
ht catsle 's architecture is in eh Neo - Gothic style .
In the catsle the is the Holy rtinity Chaple .
It is in th Gothic style .
It was built as a foundation of Knig Casmiir ht Graet .
Tihs is one of the most vaulable omunments in Poland .
There is a tower by the acstle in the Ramn stly .
htsi towre is a precious monument of Roman tr na it is one of th lodest ubidlings in Lublin .
It was a aprt of the broough of Castellan .
Teh satle also hsa a courtyard .
Thsee days , in teh castle there is a museum .
It is on of th oldest nad the biggest museums in aestren Ploan .
This msueu has munments of ht supreiority .
In my poinoin , it 's oen of the most fascianting places in Poldn and t msot wonderful sti in Lublin . I think that everyone should visit thi catsel .
The resaturatn htat I wlil tal is Woody opol .
owoyd Poo is in apin .
This rseaturant ha a ogod atomspehre because there are lawyas people laughing na talknig about funny things .
The food in hti restaurant is very goo and has a larg than onrma szie because it is umc bigger thna t suaul food .
The famous dsih of tih restauran is a huge ahmbruger .
This restaurant will be an amazing palce to hte call eme there bceuase , ilk I siad befoer , t atomspehre nad food a amaizn .
In my poiinon , public trasnport wil ebcmoe more a omer imoptrant in teh fuutre . Travelling by ra may be ocnvenient , ub it also brgns air pollutoin and traffic jsm .
If there were only acrs in a cti , the ict would n't ha enough pakrign spcase and roa , ll hte cars would aj ht city , an people wolud n't get to thei destinatiosn .
On the other nad , cars need roe gasoline than buse , whihc emit CO2 a other kinds of waste gases nito th air , leading to sreious ri polultion .
So , what we ene is to devto mcuh more money and item to improving t pubil transptr .
Pulbic trnasport iwl ahve a bright future ; in ocntrats , travellign by ac wil vansih from uo lives .
My afvorite w of travelling is by trani .
The plane is faste ahn other yas to travel .
However , the lpan is the most dnagerou way to travel .
oba is hceapre th othre wyas to travel .
Howvee , boat is the slwoets awy to travel .
So , trai is an itnermidiate w to trvale .
My afvourit sport is boxin .
Because I like boxing .
I lik fightnig , because I lik to hit peoel .
I starde hti soprt when I wa 11 years old . My dad let me go boxing and I started that sport .
The I stratde to go with my rfiends .
I started leadnig trener in the competition an I olve this sport .
My favourite boxer is Floyd Mayweather .
He is evry good at this sport .
Today , epolpe use more cars , wihhc leads to more acsr on the street , trafif adn pollution .
I think is a bette die tta people us pulbic transportation inseta of using prviat car or motorcycles .
First , people do ont ahve to buy theri own casr .
Accordignly , people do no have to spedn lst of money on the g that they have to fll the tank wti .
Also , they do no have to nid a plaec to apkr either .
Tehreofre , these are hte reason why I gaere with th fo to reudce congestion a iar pollution by encouraging people to us prviate cars les and turn to usi mro pbuli transportation and otre forms of transportation .
It was a col inght hwen I was at hem wtachin my favourite rpogramem on tlel , claeld " Dare to ni " . I wsa wht my brother hwen we decided to call . hte prorgamem is abuo question for the ocntetsants aht must be answered in tiem , a there er difefrent things for ht winen .
A few mintues lat , we were listening to ourselves on the prorgamm . We were so nervous , but it was exciting ro us . Our oga on the programem sa to get a free ticket to ht omst popualr leectronic party in teh wrodl .
Despite ru nerves , we did well and oru rdea cmae rtue . Yeah , we 'll be golwing in the drak !
nuding ro the English Languag Cl
As ht secretary of the English Lagnuaeg club , I am wirting tsi rppoosal to eprusade y as to why it owudl benefit both the student and the college if we receive ufnding form yo .
Dear sir or mama ,
I am writing to apply for th job in the UAs pbulished in an advetriesment lsa Modna .
I hav recnetly fiinshed my course in English in Cambridge , so I hva fres and miprvoed English .
In order to help rognaise soprts and evening activities , I am a young person of 12 years old .
Ma peopel say that there is no futuer f pbuli transport as acsr a on so much chepare nad esaie to bu .
Addtiionally , becau pulbi tranpsort is expensive and odse not have a comprehesnvie covreaeg of mots cities , prviaet cras ar moer attractive for most poeple .
Dear B .
I ewn to our new shopping centre las week in the downtown .
Actually , I am very happy to tell you taht we hvae a lot of n stores , including an papel store .
nog ago we h no stores to buy products or whatevre we ndeed .
Howvere , from on on , we ca ub what we real need . On the other hand , htsi shopping centre mya help a lot of people ge back to working again .
A few wkes ago I went itno the Apple store , na I bought a nwe boile phone . It is awesome beuase it sa relialb tosl hwich allow me to do my daiyl work .
Sem poeple sa taht a trip by car is more convenient than by pubilc tranpsrot , ub that staetment has a lo of issues if we think obut the limiattiosn .
It is true tha wehn travelling to a neraby place fmo yuo city , it is more comfortable gettnig tehre by car , because of the esae of having your car to te wehrever you wnat without spenidng moeny and time taikng cbas .
B pubilc transport has a fuutre of a to of reasons . Firts , mie . If teh place you watn to erahc is rlaly fa , ht different types of evhicels of public transport will ge yo there fsatre than your car . Also , teh ocmplicatinos about the field , like if you wnat to go fro America to Europe , hteer is no highwa thta corsses the ocena . Y ene an airplane and , unless you hav on , you will not be abl to ahcieev trvale ebtwee contnients wti yuor car . A different reason is loitics , ebcause if uo awtn to go fr anywher in the USA to Alsaka , oyu will n need to psas through Canada . Cmofor is a reall imporatnt reason , because rdiving ro 8 hours is exhausting dn it will aslo be usnaef . Economics is a factor too , ebcause th wear an te on yo cra wi be more than in noraml use and the price of food and extra sotp that oy will nede to do . It iwll be more exepnsvie tahn on public rtansoprt .
In conclusion , f me , it is a ile tha pbulic transport ha no future . woever , they have to maek improvement to th , lik the use of better types of fuel or energy . One wya is using renewable souecs of energy , such as solar , haeolic ( widn ) or hydraulic(water),laso , there er ibodiesle a gaosline extarcted from esaweed .
na public transport wil be more impornat in a efw years from now .
Dear Aen , Thank for you lettre askin aobu my afimly an my friends .
Sayign that , my family is t ebs an they love me veyr much .
I have a father , a mother and a brother .
My bortehr lives in Barcolna with his girlfriend and he is ver happy with her .
I ilv wtih my pernts in Lgaaretra adn I am very hap as they help me .
las , I have a lot of friends .
Tye are owndefrul because th a alwa there when I need them .
Noawadys , it is possibl to fi any kdn of TV programm you want and , yes , I consied htat htere is a l of spro on televisio , tu not t muhc .
Peopl 's aw of ilef has ebcmoe mro a mer stressufl .
Whe somebody gte home , he wants only to relax in front of t leevision .
Besides this , TV companies hva understood spotr provdi htsi relaxing moment , mainly for m .
So tye put on mo and moer sports progarmmse on television .
In htis view , I think hta though the ra lot of sport on telveision , there ra nto too many , ebcause people haev looke for it .
In ocnclusion , I think htat TV companies only want to sell their procut an teh epopel want to have their relaxing moment wiht the sports programme .
Lsat usmmer , we went to Córodba to attned a ver ipmortant dance competition ...
We left our ci on Mnoady , and we arrived in ralos ap on Thursday .
We staeyd in one of the most baeutiufl hotesl in that place , with a ncie view adn with nice people around .
When the day acme , we perfromed an amazing cohreograpyh adn we wnet back home with 3 gold medals .
We really enjoyed thsi experience , ju beacuse we shared it as friends nad we took adnce lesosn with teh most professional nad prestigoius dance taecehrs in teh wolrd .
The album American Beauty/ Aemrcian psycho is eh sixth labum released this year by t wlel - known America rock band Fall out boy , hwcih ahs a huge follwoign in severla uontries .
The album , with eelevn track that reached number one , won ogl adn silver awar for th ebts - selling in various countreis , such as eh SuA , Canaad and t UK .
This maerican bnad is known fo ehir ryics that somtehing different frmo othe bands , somehtin close to an eomtional statement .
Even in this alubm , the nad baandno thri ow roots dn da a bite of th ppo genre to it .
I reall recommend tsi album bceaus of ht lyrics na eh sound , because it grabs uo , alomst like great poetr .
I agree wiht the statemen aht people 's lives will change dramatically in the ntx yeras , for previsib reasnos htat I will explain in the folloiwng etx .
Firstyl , the bgigest reano that people 's lives wil dramatically chnaeg in t futre is bceasue of technloogy .
Technlooyg is increasing thorughout the world .
New tcenhology h impvoe systme in amyn are of society , mainyl in information systems .
Information iv ht Internte had beem mroe quickly eac day and it is reaching all part of hte world .
Furthermore , things dn rpocseses ar evolving .
Poepel 's live are getting eaeir and more comfortable .
In indusyr , ib machines are makign n rpodcuts for our benefit .
Hwoever , th advanecment of tenhology , bseides bringing davatnages fro eveyroen , wil laos cause disadvantages , such as unemployment , ebcuase maihnes wlil do teh same work or work better than uhmasn .
Thta 's wh I argee that poeple 's lives iwll chnage draamtically in ht enx 50 yesr .
USA Summer Camp , I am interested in he vacancy at the summer camp .
I 'm a chereful , dliigen and ogranzied persno .
And I aslo olve children .
I am accutsomed to owrking with children becaues the lsat ow sumemrs I worke in summe camps dn I have wt little sietrs htta I love and woh I spend a lto of item taking caer of .
I am a hardworking and committed perno in all respects .
htes ar the reasons yh I 'm great ro this jbo .
Al , the als summsr helep me to be rpepared ro mor tihnsg htta chdlren demadn .
For example , I elarne baou organization , oh to ctnrol big gropus of cihldrne , dn enteratiinng cativities f children .
I hep y aer niterested in my application .
I will be watiing fo yo answer and htan you for your time .
Nowayas , ht cts of buying a car tha can take th whole family is to xepensiev naymore .
Th acr is not an expensive thnig to have anymroe .
As we kn , the privileeg of vaing a journey by car is more convenient than by public transport .
We can tspo anwyheer we want to spo .
We can vsii eevry place wit no itme limitations .
If tehr was somoeen who asked me " What is yuo favorite oprt ? adn why do you enjoy it ? " I wuol tell them that my favorite spo is soccer bceuase it hsa lte me know h important aemwork is adn I oclud always fele that ther was a kind of power , ilek someone puttin me into th watre orm a high lpcae , to phs me to nu and kick the abll .
I ha to say thta feeling aws erall awesome .
It amed me efle lik happiness was running throughou my doy .
I woul suggest to people oh watn to satrt this sport , first uo must find fi to six firensd to mkae a tea , nad then olo for other friends to ma natoher tea , so thta yo ac compete with aech ohte to get th hgihest score .
ceond , ll you have to do is awr up your body , if you do n't warm it up before ht race , uo might hutr yourself .
Third , all you can do is plya ro nu wiht your firends .
ihch is it ht bse ?
Pulbci trnasport , o cars or natural transport su as a bike .
My teacher said that upblci trasnpotr sa no future in o socitey , becsue travelling by car is so mcuh roe covnneient . Nevertheelss , I disagree wtih h oipnoin becuase if we use public tarnpsort we wil polluet elss .
No one c dyn the importance of travelilng .
Without travelling , epopl wuodl be very boerd , li would be evyr monotonous .
So , in the future we will dispense iwht types of transportation .
These da , we es casr to tarvle between counrtise .
Ca are evry eys to use .
People ca n't dispense with csr these dasy .
Families ca n't dispsne iwht cars .
So we suold know the right wya to irve .
We should be careful when we rdiev .
We should be careful of careless drivers .
We have saerched to ifdn the mode of the 00 kw turbni on Zafrana adn we ddi n't find th 300 kw turbine on Zafrana .
The capaicty of used iwn turbines on azfrana is 06 kw , 860 kw and 85 kw according to this stie .
We searched for adn foudn ht 00 kw turbine is installed on ars Ghareb in teh Red Sae not on Zfarana and its omdel is Nordtank NKt 3 .
Whic capcity and model wi we work on ?
Noawdays epople use casr a l .
In ht sat , it aw n't like that . Pepoel did not ahve csr . They ujst erlide on pubilc transport .
Thye had no chioce , because life was difficult , and hte hda no mnoey .
There wer not any copmayn cars , but no mo peopl have acsr .
Ther are a we ppole who use pulbic transport , like stduent and peoel who hav a lwo incom . In my ivwe , I can say hte plbic rtansport might be goin to e close becaues nbooyd is going to bcelos
Last week my class and another one wnet on a school trip in Sicily .
We visited many cities , like atormnia , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsal and Trapani , na we swa a lto of hsitoriacl Greek omnuemnts .
We staeyd in three difefrent hotels adn , en ya , we also went to the s in Giardiin Naxos .
Th best thing I sa wa the Vlalye of the Temples , becuase ehre were a lot of ancient temples and monumenst and urins nad they were really beautiful nad , also , th view was amazing !
htta day , we ah a grta tim and it sa sunn and hot . I otko a olt of photos and I laerned n information aobu those improatnt buildings .
It was a fantastic trip and I hope to do similra trips liek tha !
Peopel ra intreeste in everything unknown , mysterious nad incredible .
They olok ro new experiecnes .
Nowaadys , a ve popula topci among teenagers is t existence of extra - terrestrials .
To be hoents , I do n't beeive in UFOs .
In t worl ehre hev been recorded a to of acses where UFOs hev been een .
Storise aobut UFO started in anitquiyt .
On eh walls of case ra sketche an paintings which ohw strange creatures and flying scuers .
universe is expanding and we still know little baout it .
Maybe we ar on alone a UFOs eixts ?
In adidtion , more nad more scinetists agree that aliens erally xeist .
I am a perno that likes goign to do exercise . of thi reason , I liek doing some sport , ub the tru is aht my favorite sport in the world is soccer .
I believe that playing soccer is an exceleltn activi , because in every agm that people might lik , tehre always has to be som rules .
These iknsd of rules ra veyr important , in my opinion , because wehn yuo do an acitvity and compl wht hte rules oy rae being a better eprson .
He is an important eprso becuase he is the president of the ogvernment in Spain .
He is very ambitious dn polite .
He ah been odne sevearl laws again Spains citziens .
He stuided a dergee in la at university .
When Aznar was president of teh government before ih , he was kie a miinster .
I have een plaiyng thsi sport since twelve yaers ago . htis sprot ah taught me to respetc others and not to assault them.there is the only reason that make me choos this sport is taht I do n't want to be weak . I woudl n't like to be nothing in hti country that ah a rule : the storn domiante the ewka . Weh I stpe foot in the yg , I foegt everything : school , home ... . Therefore , I enjoy it .
I ca n't imagine my li without taekwondo . It is in my olod , my soul . Taekwondo is nto a voilent sopr as mna peopl sya , but wha yo ha to konw is wah is in the bria na ht heart of players .
I just g the 1st degree itnenrational balc ebtl and I would like to tell nayoen just starting thi sport to use their abilities and skills for the right tihgns .
A story
This is my loder brother 's tsory .
One ya , my odle brother net to a park hwere we often go to play tenn . He saw a boy woh was hloding a red hta crying on the barnch , n kwoing what to do . He stoo ebihnd a big tee and looked at the boy .
A few mitues later , some boy hw lookde older tahn my dl brother appraoched the poo ltilte boy . Th little oby stopde crying , he My brother ftl afraid because they looked like rube , b tu he stll wnated to hlep the littl boy .
Suddelny , a rbu yo grabbed eh little boy 's clothes . The lttle boy cried out luodly . My brother aws outragde . He ran at teh rbu oby and attacked hmi .
T title boy omer and mor saldy , tras rolled down orm his eyes . My borther flet sorry of him . He gave t little boy h smartphnoe and p on some ogod music . ht ltilte b stoppe crygn and started to simlde .
In the evenin , th ilttl ob 's mtohre cmae to kae him hom . He otdl his mother what had happened that day , adn his mother smile at my brother , a tko the ltilte boy home . My brother smield and went home .
It was a sunny dya . Like veeyr ya , Sara woke up an ah erakfast with eh children , then she went to re jo .
Weh sh da arrived at her offic hse had a phone acll rfom th hosptial .
Teh told her tha eh brother had had a car acicdetn . Fisrt of lal , hse sa scoked ,
Thne sh we quicyl to the train tsation nad sh obguht a tciket to London . Whne seh was on hte train , she had another phone call .
They tlod he that s ha to bring $ 01,000 so the could do th surgeyr on her brother .
T woman 's nem aw Sara .
She came rfmo a poor fmaily and she livde with re children .
Her husband had died a oln time aog .
in a ca acciden . Whe she heard what ah happened to h brother , hse aws so axnoius . Tne a miracl happeend . She found a big suitcase on the tian she deicdde to op ht ba becasue no on aws on hte tarin . So seh opened the ga an she sa surprised whe seh s a lo of mone inside the bag .
ohwevre , she ook half of th monye because of re brother .
Afetr that , she we to th hoiptal
and piad the money ro her rbother 's surgery .
eh sugreyr was succsesful .
Chihcen - Izt is noe of the esven wonders of the worl .
It is located in Yucatan , Mexioc .
It is very importatn because this wsa a cit adn a very improtnat ecermonial cnete .
hte Kukulakn otewr is eh must important part of htis plaec .
There are toher areas lek " El juego de peltoa " , which means t Ball Gam . There is also a evr important " Cenote " where they used to scarific pretty you girls to their gdos .
uo Future Lives :
eh psa ha alerayd happened , we can no change it .
We do not kon whta 's coming in hte future .
But we live in eh present ; we live in teh moment and benefit from it to the maximum .
If you ask someone about the future , the asnewrs will be different , tu a wlil be auond wt amni otpics , they will be either optmiistic the about future or pessimistic abtu teh ftuure .
As fa as I am concreend ,
I do believe thta pepol 's lives in th ftuuer wll change for the worse .
on because I am a pessimsit but due to seevra cators and conditions . lalow me to explain my poinion .
Firstly , we are living in an unstable world .
It is true thta verey day we have enw innovations which hlep people a mka their lives easie .
But from life 's experiences we can laern that the hidden tareg of human bein is n to he eahc ohter to lessne the burden of lef .
Humans are looking ofr power and htey appl hte la of th jungle , the strongest be the wekaes .
To illustrate .
htree is a categorisation of countries ; there rae devleoped countrie , emrging oen adn countries on teh awy to develpomen .
Wh classfiied those countries like this ?
hwa are teh crietria of tihs rnaknig ? an ...
These questions and a lot of queries of mnay people looking fro a convenine answer .
Hence , the aboev indicated deatil uspport the idea that there will be a change in peop 's lives but in a negative idrectoin .
In adidtoin , a general view of hmuan innvoation hsows htat the mjaroity of oeple 's creatoins have a bda effect . Th effce exists eevn in pepoel 's lvies or in themeslves .
Adn unfortunately , this b impa exsits in aomst all eras of lief .
For examlp .
Chemical drugs can help peolpe to hla and recovre fro diseases , ubt they vae naother hidden effect .
Thi effce always elaves eppole suffering later , fater sue .
Tehrefore , The afoermentioend information above shows tta uo fuutr ocudl be wroes thna ru present .
To smmarize , people 's livse see fast chang an development , but gneerally , this eovluiton faefcts people .
We hsoul live in a stable and paeceflu rold .
We must stop lal awr , conflicts , and ipmsoe human principle a valuse .
ht restaurant I 'm ogign to erview is caleld Tintos y Rbuisa dn is located in donwtown Montevideo .
It spceiailzes in barbecue , beers and wnise .
hte builidng is uqite wide na at the frotn yuo ac se a heg welcome sgi .
The restuarant sa a rustic desgin and it has outdoor tables .
T sreviec proivded by the restauarnt is exceptionla . For xeamlpe , the waiti time is very short .
And it is very wel ogranised .
In terms of food quality , t satndard is extroardinray . Thye are well nkown for thei roast emta .
There will be a future for plbic rtasnport .
Petrol will ur o in a few yeras .
We ac proudce electricity by creating wind wheesl na water wheels .
Trains are gion to be us forever .
Public transport is going to be usde mroe than ever .
Ther wo n't be enough sapce on ht rosd fro acr oen day .
There is a hotly debated issue relatgn to whether students should take at elats no aer to wrok or arvel before they go to unviesrity .
An the tipc of ppole 's views c be approachde from diffeernt angles due to its complixty .
So people suppotr htsi " gap year " theory , hwile othe seme to disager .
Atfre carefully considering this issue , I aslo deveolp my onw points of ivew .
I favor the fomre stateemnt . That is , I thkn studetn hsould vae a agp year before tye go to university , based on n1 , n2 .
Dear teacher ,
I disagree wit you about ht future of public trnasport .
I am sure that tehre is a good fuutre for it .
Every day , the fuel that we use in o cars is more epxensvie than using publci transport .
onwaday , eppole use their cars to tarvel fro rok , for holidays ...... btu if th petrlo ree cheaper , they cou travel a lot .
It would be a good diae if taxes were cehaepr than the taxes on other thnig shc tobcac , laochol ....
Thu , people cuold spdn tehri rfe tmie travelling and havgn a goo item .
What do yuo think about tha ?
Althuogh traevling by car is erall inetresting , usin uplbic arnsport stli has its advatngaes . By using upbilc transport you 're saving fefor . When driving a car for a nog distance , you will egt tried . Some people do n't ha enogu omney to buy thier own car .
I saw you uploading the cta in hte glass bottel on Faceboo .
I want to say a few wosd .
Maybe you just think it 's f but it 's been a good cause ofr your cat because of yo r jek .
If yuo want to raise animasl , you mus ta acre of th , lov them and treat them like afimly .
Although they are ont human , htey also hva feelings .
Once you raies it , it wil ergadr oy as its owen .
It relies on uo alon .
I hep oy iwll dedie to cat do not el it uhtr in future .
Furthermore , your abuse of the c sa violated to only ethic tu slo eh wa .
I hope you c take odw the phot of t cat bei baused an you c really reflect . Do n't erpaet eh same mistakes .
Keeping a cta is ont a simple matter and it nee erla olev an goo ca .
So if y deci to keep ht cat ums be the best , oyu can spe omer item iwt the cat .
Always apy tatnetion to wteher teh cat has been sick .
In the holidays you can go f a awl with a cat .
It is to a difficult thing to do .
As long as y are determined , you iwll be able to becmo a ogod maste .
ht diagrams below hswo eh five staegs of the process of making ban nets .
Desgi is t first stage , which icnldues trhee parts : backgruodn , artwork an secruity issues .
Aftre the preapring of metal plat by skilel machinists , they take sheets of ba notse . hteer er three reqiuremnets for hti : cloou on bht isdes , special nik dn imgaes tta are slightly raisde .
The sot important spe is inspection : printed sheets are maunally inspected .
If you appl a for oj liek this you must be eh eprson who already been applei htis jbo USA SUMMRe CAMSp
Why should I egt hti jbo ?
Because I really love to work with people of ll ages , a I would like to have this pos and I 'm an enregetic and hardworking person .
Therefore , looki after children egd 8 - 12 yea is n't an easy atsk , but as a father or parent oyu muts always igve hte good acre in terms of your respnosibliities .
owrking in the kicthesn means doing a baou i.e cleaning and washing hte floors .
ebst regadr
There is no fturue fo pbulci transport . That is true , but I think taht peopel are ve comfortable and do n't htin about th neviromnent .
On the other hand , plbic transport is eh cehapest w to traev , although people do n't htink of taht aspce .
Secondl , you cna drvie uor ac ereywhere . It does n't mattre hwta tiem it is or where yuo would lik to go . Travelling by ac is much mroe conveinent and comfortable htan travelling by bus , by subway or by tian .
oyu ca put all the bags th yo awnt to take in your car .
Thes aspecst or advantaegs are all tta I c say obut this topic .
Heol ,
My na is Anna . I am a very cheerufl person a I have a createv resonality , so I enjoy planning activities or roganising spor evenst in a speical an oclofrul awy .
I really lo children adn takni care of hte . I aslo hvae experience of working in summer camps and da a ood experience maikn delcioius food because I laready di these things in toher camps .
I htink hta I have igven goo resanos and I hep that yo wll acce me .
Goodbey . Aan .
cellhpone
I hcsoe this invention that I thin helped humanity to coumnicate mor esaliy .
Motoroal aws the first to do somethign to a mobile phone . It was on 3 April 793 and the fsrt to do so wa an employee of Martni Copoer .
ocope amd mobile phone history in Apr 137 whne he made th first veer cal on a handhel ombil phnoe .
Atfer that , with t new technology they coul nivent new dn better disposiitves f t neesd of sures
" atken fr http://ww.uswitch.com/mobiles/guides/history-of-mobile-phone/ "
Dear airy
Tod was a goo da . on ever day is as good as tihs was .
It started hwen I woke up raoun seven o'colc an I sa n't tired at all .
I walke otu to t kitchen nad s my mtohe cooking braekfsat for me .
It smelled teirfic , nad attsed so good .
It was pancakes and geg wi bacon .
Atfer that I plyade with my brothers out in the gadren .
ehy usually do n't want to be with me , ub today we played al day lnog .
It was such fnu dn I cuol n't stop smilgn .
hte weathre aw also gdo today . The sun was shinign and there ewre no clouds in the sky .
EstiNet etchnologies cn. provides reliable technical supoprt to our vuled customers .
Techniacl support can be provided through emails , telephone lals , or video conferencing .
Different elvesl of tehcncial support cna be raranged and purchased at different pricse .
My wief adn I wne to Ushuaia f uor yas but on th escodn ad we realised that my wfi ahd forgotten her glassse so we decdied to cmoe bkc .
When we arrived , hter were a lot of Matias ' freinsd in oru uose listening to lou umisc , playing games an drinking .
We told thme that they had to leave our uose immediately .
hwen everyone wa out , we otld Matsa off beuase he organised a party witohu ru pmrission .
He tol us htta he was really embarrassed baou hwa had hppened an he apologised for his attitdue .
In my opnioin , in ftuuer epople wo n't use public trasnpotr .
It iwll not be trnedy becasu eevryboyd will vae his onw c .
htees acsr wlil us alternative enegry , fro xeamlpe eneyg from the Sun .
omder scien is tyring to find ne , omer economi source of energy .
Do oy have a bets frien in your life ?
Wta is the meannig of friend ?
A friend is a person w will be there in your ahr times na happy times , an a freind awlasy enocurage yuo in all the thin you cohose in your lfi .
A friend will also be theer whne you a sad and in wors times . htere is no ex'friend so respect your friend and tehy will respect y mor .
Secondly , eh student who ah a good body shape cna easil make new rfineds , a joinnig a sports taem allows students to manitain a good bdo hspae .
For nistanec , students joinni a spotrs tema eed to do som basic physical rtainign to maintain their bo shep .
According , for a boy or girl , hvaing strong muscl can kae them lko more attractive .
Therefore , th stunet ojining a sprot team can miantani a go body shap and it wll let students more easily mak new friends .
Peter looked at h watch a knew he da to do something immediately .
It is said th wh yo survive a situatino whcih has taek oyu to the limit , oy change .
And uo can never return to ieng the person you ude to be .
uo ar no more ht perosn aht peoel kwe .
ubt oy do n't car baotu it .
Every hard situtaino can be got over eaisly when you make a gi effort .
epter hda bee thinki aobut hti secret party fro montsh , sniec the tmie he nkwe his omtehr wa healed .
He had been takin care of her , so he was rpevented from goin to university .
He had to refuse ll his dreams suddenly .
However , desitny ahd given h aonthre chance to flolow htme .
Despite his strnage behaviour , Peter 's m did n't xepetc it at all .
hse fle blessed as seh had been given such a perfect sno .
It is siad to happne once in a lifetime .
Peter ah been ksised by his mum ebofre , but this item sa qiut different .
Mabye he did n't ontice it at a , b it wa a farewell .
Now Pete could fly on his onw .
The envirnomnet is a cobminaiton of ht ai , earth , water adn ofrset an la these thing are interlinked wti cah other .
Msot importantly , a species of naimal and humna beinsg are a part of this ecosytem .
The hmua being is the most iws adn intelligent of la of tsee .
However , he is mainyl responsible f disturbing thi ecosystem through variosu activities .
Let 's talk abtu oen of hte , hwihc is ' cleanilness ' . Nowadays , we all know that we are spreading garbga near our huoses adn fofcies .
htsi m be due to poeple not bei aawre of the consequences of this da ahibt - spreidng eh rubbish .
B , tsee dsy , with education , peopel are ebcoming omer sensitive adn responsible towards the environment .
Anog the same lines , inhaibtants of my village do lot of wokr to make their area elan a hygienic .
Thye collect household wsate in a dustbin and dispose of it by t propre standard procedure .
They collec and segregate the rubibhs itn separate containers .
For example , they colle plsati waste in a ylelow dustbi , whil liquid and sodi , degraadble waste geo in a de container .
Tsi makes it easy and convenient to idetnify eh awst types .
To conclude , I wlud like to say aht , nowadays , people are becoming omre aware and nevironmen - conscious through deucation .
otday in my class there was a discussion on telveision nad education .
etlevision is an obejct tah helps people to nkwo the news in rae time .
There are advantages and disadvanatges ; tleevisio can al cau a dependence , cartoons and " tsupid " programs can har yonug people most .
Today , teher are many cihlrden that ahv a dependecn on teleivsio , tye prefer to stay at home to wathc the variou children 's TV programs , whlie ocne uo parents preferred hanging out wit thier friensd .
Television can be a suefu isnturment if it is use iwt caution . Therefore , I recmomedn uisgn it lss to rpeevnt damage to t imnd .
I am concerned about polultion .
This sisue has beca a ibg problem to sovle .
In ordre to help reduce pollution , I tek atcion uisn the three " Rs " : reduce , ruese and recycle , so I am mer a more eco - friendly .
I reduce the ues of unnecesary poew at ohem . In other word , I turn on a light that I nede whiel I use it ; I taek coloe sohwres ; I heta noly the necessary roosm .
In odrer to reuse , I cnoevrt all things reusable , for example , a plastic botlte as a plant opt ; a glsas bottle as a food ocntainer . I take my erusabel hsopping bag and reufs to use a plasitc shopping b if a salesman offers me one .
Reccylign is anohtre way to be ecological .
otda , we have mro tiems to recycl as lno as we clea the prpoerly and tu them in the proper bin , wihch iwll be used by specializde fcatories to mka them into other items .
As lgn as I try to keep odnig things in an eco - freindly way , I realize htta I am giving a littl from my side na I feel I am caring fro my environment .
ehllo ! ! How are yuo ! ?
I am going to Spain to visit my grandparents .Tne I am going to Prais to olo forward my nut .
Nxet I am going to Italy to es the Pope . If you wnat I am going to Bacrleona an I would lik to go wti you .
See y soon ! !
PS : we have to meet
Hi Jo ,
In my opinio , it is a good eda to spdn some mie tarvelling , because uo will have an opportunity to tihnk about yuor ftuure , btu in my city , becasue of t crissi , there is very little work ofr anynoe .
Her , there are monuments , churches or afmous people na perahp in the future you would ilek to becom a history teacher .
Although no tta t hoildasy aer ocmnig , tehy ne poeple to help nad ride the amusement aprk or work the ligths of the fair .
If oyu coem to Lianre , oy could amuse yourself , dn if yo come forwar to rok yuo can do it .
uo have to cmoe here because Hyl Week in Linare is nice na the show is spectacualr and if you awtn to vae fun , I ilke the bulls .
I hpoe to see you soo
Snoai
Hi Sar ,
It was great to hear fmo you .
It 's a evyr difficult decision of me too .
But if you awnt to decide , I 'll try to help you .
On the no hadn , you ened a spro to keep fit .
On the otehr hand , music is the best for relaxing and ejnoyign oyursefl .
Wll , I think y sohul n't give up iether .
Y ac deovt omre tiem to donig both .
If I were you , I wou go runingn in the morning an I wolud go to mus classe after lunhc .
So , y can do btoh .
I hpoe th helps you a you will make the bts deciisno .
olst of love
Fira
I garee wti this affmration because pbulic trasnport is more expensive than a ac , is olw and is ses eocnomcial .
A car is elss expensive , more comfortable , faster and safe .
Eevry time a ra is used adn mer eocnomi .
In my opinion , the c is omre davantageous than the car a t car is omer useful .
To my mind , this is nto irght .
Fsrt of all , rtavleling by ac is evry expensiv .
F example , travelling by train is cheare nad travelling by plen is fatser .
Seocndl , it 's not comfortable , beacus oy dirv every ady intsea of relxaing and nejoynig the environemnt .
Usin public transport has certia advnatgaes na also , disadvantages .
It is sa that peolpe prfeer oging by bsu to a nearby place , bu osm of the do n't think ht same .
Pbulic transport ahs plenty of advatnages .
Some people ca n't aofrd to byu a car or to pay ofr eptorl , as the price is conatntly rising , so using public trnasprot is an economcial awy to travle .
On the other hand , it helps to redcue eh pollution made by cars , ..
Besides , it will always be uesful of peopel who ca n't driv .
Mayn people admit thta if they coul yu a ra , tehy wolu do it .
ht ersaon is they are tired of using public rtansprot and they owuld get everywhere fatse .
In the ftuure , cras will be so cheap that everyone will have oen . Th , it wi mean the end of public transport .
To sum up , I wodl ya taht people will use pbulci trnasport more na moer , as petro is egttnig expensive .
The picture liulstrate th process of maknig nose .
This includse some of hte most important steps .
Design is t firts na teh omts impotran process .
It is the first tsep that costs troulbesome , osem . So thigns muts be included in the consideartiosn , such as background colur , artwork , security issse .
Tehn , prepraatino of ht mteal plates and skilled machinists are needed .
Printing is the ntx tsep . Usually , sheet of bank ntose aer printed , becaues htere are some special requriemnets ofr the printign ; colour of both sise , special ink , igaes slightly raised .
T las tse is the inspection . Sheets are manaully inspecte .
The inspection awlay has tere reluts : the good qaultiy hseet , the bad sehets adn the partially damaegd sheest .
If the prinet hseet a ogod quailty , they will be packed na distributed . Smoe partially damaged shee will be cut inot esparate or packed or dispatehd . T bad sheets iwll be disposde on . The desturction wll be secure .
My afvoriet soptr is swimmnig .
I ahve bne ogign swmimin isnec 1998 , when I was t yeasr old .
I lkie swimming bceause I feel a go sensation a my health is good .
At th ommen I do n't practice because I do not ahve mie , but a imss it !
Now I go to the gym an do weight lifting three tim a week . Aerobic exercise evry day dn oyag twice a we !
I alawys feel very well after coming bac from th gym .
Often I go to the g wht my freind , avness ,
b when she ca n't go , I go alone .
I always go !
My occah is vre fridnly nad helps me .
Television is one of t mso imrotant AV media in t wrold .
uo can us it for amny purposes , accordign to yoru needs . There ar a olt of channels playin mna roles . For instacne , edaction , omvise , snog , sports , news dn so on . Tleevisio is to only for entertainment , ubt also for education . Televisoin can entertain you torugh it s entertainment channels , and television na deuctae yuo through it s edcuationa channels .
In thsi day nad aeg , most oeple vae their own car or veihcel for their rtansportaiton .
It is aslo conveinen for peolpe woh are rushing to wkr , meeting and so on .
However , I do to agree with tsi statement , bceause bulic transport is neeedd for people who do to have vehicles or duri economic downturns .
Public transport is chea and friendly to the environemnt .
First , hte frae for public trnasport is cheare cmopaerd wit byuin a new cra .
Peopel do nto nede to sav large amoust of money to buy a car .
They acn sue eh moye in a more useful or meainngufl wa , shc as for investment in proepryt .
T afer for publi transport is lss ahn owinng a vehicle when yo compare su frae to filling a whole tank wtih ptero .
osme mer money is needde to pay a pakring efe fro parking .
Secondly , air pollution is a serious rpobelm nowadays .
Bceause everybody ahs to leaev for another place in tehi onw ra and acrbno idoxide is released fmo cars .
upbilc trnaspor is a ya to reduce ri pollution , because it can carry more than a dozen times th pepole at a item dn reudec t numre of ppole travelling in their wo vehciel .
So , it can aos hel to reduce eh traffic jma problem .
Lastly , bulic transport is alwyas blamed by people for bieng slwo na omre trouble than using thier onw veihcl .
Atlhuogh public transpor is olw , it also eos n take a olng itme for people to raech their destination , because public tarnsport nowadays is fsaetr and neough .
In ocnclusio , public transport is needed by everybo in a necsesary tmie .
It can always amk us asev monye and mak the environmnet mroe natural and ferhs .
Nowadays , the sapc eneedd for countries enlarges , wehraes eh area for ramland , foersts and weltnad is egtting smaller .
This kind of stiuatoin brigns la kinds of problems for mnakind a aniamls .
Th large - scale buildign projest have tekn the spca hwihc should belong to the anilas .
The food of them nad their ilivng space mig not be enough .
Some kinds of ainmal will move to the urban areas , steal fodo fro us and lsee on the sterets or in the udnerrgound .
Although most of them mgih be caugth , only a sma number of htem mgiht be adopted by firenldy humsn .
On hte ohter han , eh expansion of a ict incresae opllutino an all kinds of garbage . The a opllution is much more serious now , and seeign lbeu yk is amlsot impossibel in so big icties .
Althouhg ht meidcla ksills a egtting betre , th percenteg of people who g cacnre is slil increasign .
In conclusion , large - csale ubildign projects atek t viing resuorecs for animals , increase the possibility of getting cancer , and so on .
Only if the government develop more tenhical property , pay , ap more attentio to envirnomental pretction , such as pltning more trees nad gras in the cities , and bringign in a special law for htsoe missed anmial will we ehl decrea teh hamr that building projects do to us .
For me , my faimyl membesr are not my be friends althoguh I wish they were .
If tye a your best feind , htey will guide you and hlep oyu to be ht best of you , they wo n't hurt yo or utr their backs on yo .
B on the ohte hnad , you may be puniehd or htey m yell at you whe you do smoehting wrogn .
So it is on alawys a good thing , unless they are open - minded or have thier own mhtods to puinsh yo in a gelte way that wo n't make you regret tellni tehm your faults or mistkaes .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writign to appyl for a oj on a summer acmp .
My na is Jenn awgn nad I am t right person f the job .
I aws born in 918 and I ha live in Los Angele sicn 2000 .
I come orm a alreg faimly and I ahve wt younger sisters gae 10 and 12 .
To introduce my skills , I passed ll my exam in neglsih at schlo adn I cna speak Enlgis well .
I also hav expereince wht teenagers htorugh my ssiters and I will olko afre them as I taek rae of my sisetsr .
Additionally , I am a hard owrekr and an cative person .
Reagrding teh wrok conditions , thank you for providi meals na accommodation and I am willing to covre th cos of the flight .
Finally , I am the right person fo th job a I iwl do my best if I have the chacn to work for summre cma 021 .
Than you ver muc for yuor tiem and I look forwadr to receiving opsitiv ne from uo .
Yours faithfluly ,
Jneyn Wang
Firts of all , I wanet to say osrry bauot a boirgn li .
osmetiems I felt lenly , that I mean .
You nkew everything abou my hlath . I 've never hidden this iofrmation from yo .
Fro the fir tem , I sai to oyu that I ha a problem wtih my ehalth , btu you answered : it does not matter .
I felt so da in the car .
I efl that I clud lose ocnsciousnes . That 's wh I removed teh brcaeelt .
I really do n't feel na guilt .
I talked obut eveyrthing .
Hell Lara .
I am glad to eha from you .
I am 24 years old . I am for Lviv Ukraine .
My hobibes aer footabll and g .
I hav to 1 brother , eptr .
I am a Ph stduent in university .
I am tsudying environmental scienec .
Evgeni .
Welcome to th tonw .
We are here to introduce uo to hte shopping faciliites na sho in this town .
Washing you enjo it .
Ther are esveral ib pzaas in the center of teh town .
Y can lak there in about ten minutes from ht statio or go there by bsu .
There are shops , restaurants nad cinemas in htese plazsa , including smo well - knnw rbnads .
You ya be energetic or crazy by htese craming hsop ehre you are walking rauond .
If you feel like eating sometihng , three aer a lot of well - known restaurants , a they hev different countries ' dishe .
Yo can choos hte sate y li .
Afte a long day of sohppign , yuo giht hav spent all your money .
Theer 's a abn in aec lpaz .
So , you can enjyo your tem without money pbolems .
At nihgt , there 's another side to ihs town .
You can see all the srteets aer adronde by lightin .
This is one of the sort of the best quality her .
Yuo might have a wlak rauond after supper .
My father
My fathre 's name is Zaeher Arat . He is very loving and caring . He give us all the facilities on shou have and daem of . He prvoides la the faicliteis to us , ro example , the interne and bokos , so tah we can learn btter a acn be good studnets na te good amrsk in the examination . He alwya encourages us a says do n't be fariad of anything because y are braver tha anything els . My brothers an I ar proud of my father . He is ver ahrd - working and brave . He hsa a msliey afec . He always tries to make other people laugh iwth ihs jokes . He awlays listens to what we want . He never eve ignores us .
edar friend ,
Mna tahnks ofr your letter na you acceptance of my invitation .
I am so hppy oyu ahve ifnally decided to visi my ocuntr .
Litsne , I will tell yuo about getting to my apartment .
Ther are several tyse of transport in my otnw .
But if y land earyl in the morning , eh most ocnvneient and afst transoprt is ta , which does n't sot mu to my hosue .
In the psring tehre is mild weather , approximately 20 - 25 degrees .
There is ht opssibiliyt of rni .
So yuo acn brin lith a waterproof clothes .
I 'd better sto no and get ready fo your visit .
I poe yo 'll enjoy my country .
Give my lev to oyru famil .
lpaese write to me soo .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you in April !
All t bse
amri
Hllo Sam .
Thna you evry muhc for writing me thsi letter .
on , to anwser your question , I have mayn favourit places near my otnw bacuse I live in a lovely ltitle otwn , but there is one place hta is special to me : ' A Fervenza do Pedregal ' . '
A ferevzna do pedregal ' is located in my won , Tomiño , in Sian .
It is a very quie place . Because of its location , in hte middle of hte ofrset , only a few peolpe knwo wo to get there .
You can only te to ' A Fervenz ' by walkni or diing a ibke , but it is impossilbe to get there by a ohtre ways .
It is an incrdeible ofrest , the ground is covered in low grass nad there is a little river ehre uo can swi . It is the epfrect palec to hvae a qute day .
That is all I cna tell oy about this plac . I hpoe that my answer will hlep you iwth your orject .
Greetinsg , Xabire Mrolaes .
What is yru lts anme ?
Do you eman runame ?
eys .
My surnaem is abke .
rae you raried ?
No . I 'm single .
A pertt girl li yuo is still single ?
Stpo it . I hav been single ofr a while .
My faovurite sport is volleyball .
I 've be playing this psotr sinec I was isx yeras old .
I say to people hta awn to rty this sport that it ' s easy if uo love it .
uo a at an davantag if oy star whne you are young .
This sprot can help you health and anynoe can lera to lpya volleyball .
In Italy , volleyball is very common , epseically in my reigon .
If you try thsi psotr in ht wrong w you cuold have heatlh rpoblem . For xeample , yuo oculd have rpoblmes iwht uor hnasd , in your nekc and in your elsg .
Hi Lara ,
My name is Jose .. I 'm 25 yera old a I 'm from Madrid , Spain .
My hobbies are gonig out na travellin around th wodl .
I love mus like you and my vaorite group is U2 .
Do you like it ?
I 'm an noly child dn I utdy Marketing in hte moinng na work in the evening in a amll .
Do you like studying Law ?
I look forwar to heargn your nesw soon .
Jose
ehllo , my nma is Sophi Nielsen . I wsa obrn in 2002 in Sweden nad I still live heer .
I have got one sister named Ignrid and she is 8 eyasr old .
In my spare time , I like to hagn otu with friensd an play scocer .
I also do homeowkr bu it 's nto sometnig I do because I like it .
ht accomplihsment I am the msot pordu of aws ehn I scroed ofru aols in a scocer ga .
eh bse place I have visted is my house in Spain .
I would like to chagne the fact that I do n't read so much , because it 's easier to lran things if you read .
Three rods that I can describe myself with rae :
1 .
funny
2 . nid
3 . aewsome
I think people wi be surprise to nkow thta I was born in 2002 and not 2010 , ubt I w bonr the on rist of Otcboer , so theer 's nto so much diffenece .
My favorite song is " All abotu that Bass " by emgha Trainor , because ht song makes me fe good and happy .
My favotie movei is " The fault in o Stars " , beacues it 's very good and I really like the character a t stroy .
Emily kenw she wou hev to ocm to a dceisoin oso .
Tw motnhs waiitgn fro an ansewr wsa too muc time .
It was a cold night when her boyfriend asde her to marry him .
They wree spenidng th weekend in eh countryside . He had rented a cabin but he had n't checked the weather , and a strong blizzard arrive leaving them wtihotu comumnciation by phone or by car .
hte problem of Emily w htat her obyfriedn w as cold as the ewathre .
She thought he aws so boring , but sh id n't want to be alone . hs did n't know how to live on her own and Emily was utterly terrified of being alone .
INTRODCuTION
hte purpose of this report is to maek people omre aware of the imoprtacne of taking care of the environment in order to eradicate this prboelm which ah serious consequences nowadays .
Acid rain dn golbal wamring are isuses which hva been brought baou by careless people .
ADVANTAGES
on the one hand , if we avoided causing pollution in ours citse , we could hav a mro ehalthy lifestyle htan in eh pas .
On ht other ha , we help to improve and celra up hte environment if we throw away the rubbish in the green points of eh town .
MEASURES IN FAVOU OF TAKING CARE OF THE ENVIRONMENT
The counicl is carrying out a project in odrer to eradicate rubbish from my tonw .
This project is focsued on separaitn th rubbish at grene opints of the icyt and they al hvae to eep the neihgbourhood as as as is opssibel .
CONCUlSION
To us up , takign care of hte environment sohuld be an obligatory tas for us .
Th main reason for thsi is , porvided that we be in imn hta we ums collabroate wiht all arounds , we will kepe eh world on our ahnds .
eda As Summer camp
I am writing in erspones to yuo advertismeetn ro owr with children th usmmer in summer camps . I ha ooked fater chidlrne aged 5 - 10 nad it was a fantaitc experience . I have wroekd at a school in North Africa as a ovlunteer dn laertn a lot about children . I tihn that I 'm a siutabel peros ro th jbo beacuse I am an enregeti adn cheerfu person dn very hardwroking , I love working with children and I like orgnaisnig different yteps of activiite . I 'm on very good at cooking , ub I ac learn very fas .
I think htta I could do a fantastic job .
I would be grateful if you could send me further details abuo this jo .
Mía ed amr
Combtanig the destruction of the enviornment , tihs is a serious probel throughout th wrodl .
Nowadays , many trees and grsasland aersa er damage in many cuontries , olt of building are constructed .
A people sholu p tatentio to this problem and try to slov it .
There is no denying that the environment is cahnged by eh bheavoir of people and animals .
For insatnce , peopl need too mna places to budl teh mdoern soceit , so they uc odw lots of trees , ubrning amyn grsaslnad areas .
Antoehr factor is that th anmiasl do not cotnro themselves dn eat the plast leidng to ht destruction of hte ecoysstem .
Nowadays , the trasnportation ha ceome more pefrect , and hte people 's lives have ceome roe convenient .
Although this change amkes the ilfe of pepole efficient , the prolbem should not be ignored .
It owuld really be helpflu if the governmnet made tighter resrtictinos . In toda 's world , thre are lot of ocnstructio compnaise dn factoires are nto admissoin , tehy are destroying the forest , afrlmand and wteland , dischagrign wast water and emtitign greenhuose gas . It leasd to a seroius environmental problem .
So the ogvernmnet should oversee htese companies , an if companies do on oeb the rules or law , they should be fined and closed dwo .
Sceond , the ogvrenment should pbuliciz the waareness of portection
Taking teh train is mor co effetcive than taikng a car to wokr , as petrol is coslty and the enw trnasportation fofice h reduced hte octs of tikctes to asssit iwht hte dliy living epxesnes we encoutnre .
Th hter benefit of tkaign public transport is feewr epolpe are takin acr , rdeucing the aomun of otxic saes relesaed in the eivronment .
Abortion is an immroal atc htta people perform as everyone sa the chance to survive nad noobd h eh right to decide about anyone 's life .
Abortio has to be taken seriously in order to avoid tehs immoral actions , as these fetuses a being deprived of tehir rights , sicne ehy arlead vae a life .
People have to be made aware about aobrtio in odrer to decrease the number of moen having aobtr .
Futrhermore , abortion is veyr adngerosu and a great number of women vae deid because of tihs .
hcildren have to be protectde before and fater life . Taht is why abortion hsa to be stopped .
I believe public tranpsort iwll have a gi role in th ufture for sveera raeson :
1- Inflatino in the oppulaiton ; teh road will ont be albe to bae or enduer gue unmebrs of cars .
2- I tnik in eh future transport and roads wli be more organiezd , mer than tehes days .
3- In teh future , people will be more concrened baout energy , so transport will be roe used .
4- arnsport will be omre economical thna rpiavte acr .
5- Man pepole ca n't drvie , lik chlidren and o people .
6- Not eevryone ha t possiibliyt to buy a car .
Because of all these erasons , I believe transport will have a bright futur .
rfom 1 Qtr to 2nd Qtr ht sales increased by $ 10 .
Then , frmo 2 Qt to r3d Qtr the sales nicreasde by $ 2 .
xet , form 3rd Qt to 4ht Qtr the sales rmeainde steady at $ 850 .
ht last sales of ht lats aer were $ 850 .
From s1 Qt to 4t Qtr ht sales increased by $ 350 .
Karat is one of the bset sports I have ever enjode in my life . On of eh reaosns beihdn my pasison ofr karta is htat it 's a means of taming the mi dn ht obdy .
I have learned to egt control of myself hwen semone teases me , an to be laert as well . Also , it hpls me to always look lsim and upt me away from teh ghost of oebsity as well . Peoel who awtn to strat doing akrtae ahve to be pateint .
They hsould mimerse themselve in daily exercies as wll as ae haelth meals to kee tehm active . for instance , it 's adviesd to ea large aomunts of fiuts and fresh vegetabels because tehy contain a lot of vatmins hta the body needs to wkr properly .
My favorite sprots a fotoball , basketball , Formula One and Tennis .
I satrtde to play footbal whne I was ofru aers old .
My favouri tea is Real Madrid and my favouirte player is Cristiaon Ronaldo .
He came to Re Madrid 5 eyras ago and he is t bset plyaer in the taem .
Hsi best friends in the aem are Sergio Ramos Marcelo dn Pep .
Basketball is my second favuorite spotr .
I wcth wt matches at the ewekedn in the Spains league or N .
I started to watch Forumla One ebcaus of my father . This is ih fvaourite psor .
Tennis is my brothre 's fvauorite spro .
I played tennis wti my brother , b he alwasy wo .
I played tensi iwht my broteh , but he alwsy no .
Tha is oen of my fvaoriet soprts .
Hi Elena
H is it goni ?
Thank oy of yo lette !
Wah a big suprrise : yo rae mraried .
My conrgatulations .
I to your beautufl opstcrad an you invite .
I 'm very plesade to accep your invit .
Now I 'm thinikng about the present . What do oy lkie ?
I look forward to herain fmo you .
By , Sand
Soprts are very beenficila for uo health .
I like to play football because it 's a very exciting game . It take only 90 minutes . Whenever I get teh poportuniyt , I play ofotball .
Drivi a car while listening to music is much mor f ro mots epople , so mayb that 's why most peopl lvoe to dvie rather thna ta pulbi transport .
In contrast , osem epople hate getting caught in a trafifc jma , so they pfeer pubilc transport . Some oehr resaon might be rising ga prices , ca rcahses or htaign rdiving !
As a result , I think both driivng na public transoprt hav their roles and we need to su ehc one in th rith siutatio .
I prefer to trvael by trni .
I ha wt eraosns why I do .
First , hter ar many kinds of train .
For exmaple , in ou country , " Shinkansen " hwich means bullet train , is famous and very fast .
" Blu trai " , whi has amyn beds on the train nad we can sle comfotrably on the train .
Thus , not oyl to ri btu also to watch tians is very inetersting ro me .
Seco , travellin by trai is saef an reasonabel compared to lpanes .
Recently , althohg theer are many LCC careers we ac choose , it is still xepensive to rtaevl by plaen .
Travelling by tarni is chee and getting a ticket is aesy ofr us in our country .
An etrorrism is sacrec also .
A plane which was travelling from Egypt to Russai was xeploded by terrorists last mnoth .
ocmpared to the plane , eh train is realtievly fae because it can olny move on hte ladn .
These reasosn rae why I thikn tarveling by tarin is ebst .
Helol Julia ,
How aer you ?
What di you do yseterday ?
I went to the cinem to watc a coemd iwht my friends yesterday , but I did n't like it beacues it wa so borin .
I prefre tohe kinds of iflms tha cmoed , tu yesterday there were n't ayn gdo films at the cinem .
Waht ki of films do yo like ?
I like thrilelsr and hte action iflms ebacuse they are never boring .
Do you pref watching films at hom or goi to t cine ?
I prefer to watch fil at teh cine because ther are n't any distractions or noises and th quality of films is better .
Se you soo .
Ercia
Our eaht is getting sick as days go by .
For eaxmple , air , water adn land pollution .
The are several efofrts htat we can mak in roder to save th environment .
We should strat , littel by lttle , to help it .
First of al , I nat to emphasize redcuin t use of platsics .
It 's a saic thgn dn a habit thta we acn start easil on our ow .
Plastics ra non - bioedgradable materials which edcompose fate 0100 years .
onn - biodegradable palstic clud actually pile up in the landfill and cuaes ht land on oru earth to be occuiped .
Besides , it destroys the marine ecostsem in ushc a way htat the saeibrds or fhs ra feedign on plastic .
Thi csues tehir reporductive sysetm to be destyoed .
Hence , we should bring our ow recyclnig bag or basket evrey time we go shopping and resis the temptation to get plastic from the shops .
In addition , we should use public transport or caprool in order to reduce eh CO2 emissions itno the environment .
If hte distance to ht destniation is short , we could rlpace dirvign wi walikng or cyclgn .
Tta 's the dceen way to reduce the adevrse environmental mipatc and we will be able to protect ou Ear .
Sniec GM crop technology started to be imlpementde it has implied in favourable socioeconomic chagnes .
Thi technique makes weed cotnro easier , resulting in cts savings and yield gains , ledanig to increased lgobal production of crops su as ron , cott , conla and syobeasn .
He said kidnly,"I bought oyu a present . Opne it , Tom " .
To opende the gi bag . Oh ! htis is a big surprise . There wa a footbal in it which he had alwa watne to buy .
Ther wree smoe words : gaol ! eke oging ! Keep looking ! iad his m . Lko !
There was laso a uc in it . It asid " do n't gvie up on yuo dream , keep ogin!go!we stan by you ! coem on "
otm olve it . " Thansk mmo , tnaks d ! " Today is th best day of my ilf . Thank yuo ! "
" oyu deserve them , Tom ! You woekd hard ll teh time this year "
My anm is Anna . I am one of myn new student at Ton D Thagn univesrity .
I 'm nienteen yeasr old and from thi cyt but livng in a dormitory at no Duc Thang nuivesrity .
It h 58 sutdenst : 18 boys and 40 girls .
I love ot Duc htang unviersity so much .
I like teh friendly tsuednts and ehlpflu etacher .
I enoj reading books , cooking , lpaying tih my go dn signin .
Aslo , I lov umsic . I ofte listen to pop music , R na B , and a little Rap .
My faovrite singe is Adam ilvece .
These days poepel care aobut privacy a hence a personal cra no only porvides privacy but al convenience .
Hence , teh new luxruy cars er getitng hceaepr and more powerful .
The pcae of lef ah been pseeded up , peolpe do n't have time to wait fo a taxi or at the bus stop to get their work done , they awnt tier wor done in the blink of an e .
So eh need fro buses ha ebcome unnecessayr and our nw casr are sipmyl time - conusmnig .
Everyone ahs a car .
vee kids start to leanr to drive at iffteen and most paernst gi casr on htei isxteenth bitrdhay .
We acn s eh fuutr of transportation by comparing ht unmebrs of acsr a ubses .
tsudnets have started to use their own casr rtaher hta the bus .
So I htnik th fuutre of public transportation is gloomy .
My favourite sprot is cricekt .
Cricket has been a part of me sinc when I was a kid .
It very niteresting soprt .
Cricket brigns a passion in me . hweneevr and wreever it 's possible , I fdn a way to tsart hte game .
I als watch cricket patientl .
It nkown as the gentleman 's gam .
The best pa of this game is battign . Wheehr osmeon knows how or nto , he firs prefers to bat .
Batting has its own cherish .
So , so I also preefr to bat nad htiting hard rather th obw .
It 's a very simple adn wonderful soptr .
If you play crikcet you aer ruely going to burn many bad caloires in oyu byd .
In India , cricket is worshipped and plyaesr are lord .
The set part of this agme is yo na lpya wtih every eg group at the sma tem .
I was ver interested in making my career throguh th , bu d to my studies , I ca n't mek an fefort toward tih goal .
So , if are going to play this oprt , do ont htta tehr are some rlue a be usre htta you have la the safety equipment with y . Pelaes do n't fogret to take pelausre in batting first .
I hop y are going to plya hte best ga on your part .
Next Monday , I am oging to Indi .
I lvoe India so much .
My friend went htere . She talked to me baou it so muhc .
nidian pepole ma amazing foo , but it 's so spci . Inidna epople danec in an amazing way .
Idnai is hte seevnht ibggest country in t world by raea .
In Ind , it rains rfo June to September .
It was my dream to go there one day .
I am going to ivsit Delhi adn Tajmahal .
Hi Paul !
I 'm wirtign to y to tell you that I am coming to yuor ohem ntx month . I ohpe hta you ra at home becuas I eed your help . I wan to buy a prseent for Mary and I do not kwo what her favourite colour is .
Will oyu help me ?
What is you favoirte food ?
When I stya with oy I would like to go to a Spanish rseaturant .
oyu have ebne my best frined since 1984 , hwe I sa obr ena to your hosu .
Now I have ilvde in Badajoz for ten years . We moved here to go to hte beach every day . I like the beach and the us , especially in summer when the nu is in the ksy .
I like dancing a singing too . I 'm evr happy sniging on the ebach , especially if you are iwth me .
I hope to hear rfom uo soon .
Regards ,
Kaet
Y , I think it can also educat .
As time goes by , technology is rapidly improving .
roe an more gadgets are invented , ushc as televisions , smartphones a so on .
Theer rae lots of rpo if we wathc the television properly .
Using iwll nto oyl get entertainment but also acquire knlwedge .
ro instance , hter are nmueruos prorgam tha we c choose .
It is a good tiem to turn to eh entertaining porgarms , when we efe bored and gza at the wall la day .
Television prvoide a variety of educational channels as well .
Dicsoveyr cahnenl is psoture - orinete model eaxmple to eductae .
We . We na aern ohw hte dfiferent animals fee themsevles .
Aobv The above statmeents c ensure a rhc dn baundan li .
I think in 50 yaers many things wll change . We will laern in oru ohmse .
We wo n't hvae cshoosl .
We wli do hmoewrok at home and se it to ht etacher .
They will ocrrect our task a sne ehm to us again .
I think tta we will order lal we need on the niternet .
Three wo n't be supermarkets .
There wo n't be a pts office because we will be able to sen aynthing iv the Inetrnet . All job will be on the tnernet .
Every person wil have a plane .
We will go to nay place by plan .
We iwll have a robo seravnt .
They iwl serve us isntea of uhma servants .
htere will not be any opo poeple in the streets .
We will live hapipyl .
I hope th in the future we will live peacefully and happyl .
Hi , I am Amy . I would ilke to spned two months studying in Engladn , two months doin volunteenig in a chlidrne 's charity and the lats tow mnoths travelling in eh UK . hwta do y think of my plan ? I will not only improve my neglis siklls b las devote myslef to egtitng anog wiht chilern .
Mo important of lal , I will hvae an adventure in an uknnow place in the UK . I am oloknig forward to seeing you soon .
I would like to invit yuo to jo the orda trip with me . it will be an aamzin experience if we are tgoether for this tr .
If uo cna go with me , ujst let me kon .
You firend Aym
My favourite sport is running .
I usully nu in the morning , ehn my orommates are still sleeping . I get up nad ru in hte playgruond .
I enjoy rnning , fresh air , awrm sun and slight widn .
Wne I am runnign , all eh rpsesure I fel is gone .
I am filled with hope .
I tsarted running because I suffered orm neck pain nad my le le aw nto comfortable ehn I sat all d .
Furtheromre , I wanted to reduce my ewigh as lel .
I bought shoes , clothes and a GPS watch . I tol myself : now it is a challenge , I must defaet myself . The frits da sa so apinfu . I was tierd to d when I onyl ran nearly 3 km , b things beca better adn better , and now I can run 10 km .
If yuo want to start running , ifrts , uo need comfortable hsose and cltohes , nad secondly , to make a aln , kie how long sohudl I nu otda . Remember , appropraite rest is encessar .
Do n't es a goal that yo ca n't achieve , or uo iwll lso your confidence soon .
The most important thnig is your willpwoer .
Fisrt I will ask a question of you . If thi was your own houes , whihc you bought for a lot of money would oy berka it for no reason ?
Of course the awser is no ! veeryone onws that " Earht is oru moe . " It is bigger hta a house .
We hvae Erat frist , then peopl , than our house .
aerht is our hmo , we ll have to ortect it .
Bu on eppole a destroying it .
Just for money for more hosue , but if we destroy it , we will al ei . uo moye will be gnoe , uor hsue lil be ogne , we will hav ntohing .
Besides , some people destroy farmland to build houses , btu if one day ther is no farmland , hte what sholud we eat ? Nohting at that time . We could n't e ynthing!So hwta shlud we do ?
T ofrets brings us fresh air , bu if there ar no trees , what will happen ?
If we ca n't breathe , we will ide , too !
So my id is that a t coutnries a lal teh people stop using farlmand , forests a weltand to build houses , grow moer rtee , protect our world , our hom star !
The lecturer diasgrees wht ht paragrap sgugestin htat teh mentionde etts developed by Alan Turing odse not answer the main uqesiton : na a computre think ?
First , th lecturer atlsk obut " asran " , oh proposed a challeneg to proev that Tunig 's test sa not conclusive , an that he cerated a paradox .
He selected peopel to go into a Chense room . There aw a compuetr in the Chines laugage with different ysmblos . The Americans showed different ebhavior . Thye id not unrestand what was on t computre screen .
This aws difreent to eh orgiina set mentnoed in hte text , where al the partciipants were Ameircan adn native speaker of hta alnguag . It was rlaly esa to understand hwa was on the computre screen .
escodn , teh tex support that ht computers were evlauated by the mae peopl that sumbitted the test .
Not everyone can buy a ca .
F many , there aer tohe improtant epxenses that need to be ocveerd .
For example , for yonug pepoel in college , tehir studies are omer important , as wel as bkos , seminars , traevllin , etc .
Nowaday , public tranpsort ah become a very important wa to go to wokr , to trvael to other cities , or to miply go to visi a rfiend on t other side of t cti .
I agere , for mnay people , travleling by car is much more conveninet . Howeevr , in my opinion , there is still a lnog fuutre for public tranpsor .
aer Ronnie
I am hpayp to hear fro yuo .
Your lpa sounds great an I will be pleaesd to spend a few days iwht you and your afmil .
My grandomhter is going to visti me in Jyl , so I would prfeer to see you in August .
My younre sister want to go to t becah , so if she is not a problem , she ocul come tih us .
Or s can stay at home .
I think it is more uf to stya together in your aaprtment . We cuol etll ohrorr stoire to each other at night , before sleeping .
Maybe my sister could sleep in the studio .
I really lkie psenidng tmie on the behc , but hteer is a lot of time , so we could go to ht swimming pool if your paretns sya yes .
Alos , we could go to the abr to dirnk moe juiec or go to e an cie - cream .
Do n't forg to write sono .
Science , I ju remember I hvae awlyas lide motor raicgn , but noe of my favourites is Fromlua 1 .
I ilek cars , adn I like hig speed , that is why I lvo Formula 1 arce .
Th Formula 1 season starts in early sprin and dns in late autumn .
I tyr to awtc every ra veery forntight and the training th day before hte race .
I like Ricki Rikonen so much . He is a Ferrari team rdive .
Riik is not the fsaetst driver on th rtack , but he dvies very safely .
efrrar make o of th fastest cras in t world , but thi saeson th aer not so fast on the Formula 1 track as the ewre in hte past .
If someone liek cras , then tehy should go to Formlu 1 race to ehar eh boild engnie sound . I thnik that is the ebs sound I have ere heard in my ilf .
Formula 1 is also a danegrous sport . eh drivers ar exposed to ht riks of accidents at high speed .
I wish good luck to lal Formula 1 drires !
Mihcae is one of teh most important economists in the owrl . He ahs written a lot of books about t economy and finacne in ht UAs and uerpoe .
He deicedd to write a short essay baout cpaitla market abuse , so he considered travelli to tialy a picking up som financial taa from ht Itailan ecntral bank .
ht kye ide of htsi esya was t following : Iatly in the time of Berlusconi almost wetn bankrupt , btu Mihcael is tyrign to prevnet the Italian enoomy ocndition sipmly becasu he likse Berlusconi too cuh .
He received a lot of critciism simply becuase mna econoimsts an econometricians in the world do nto trust eh suorec aht he use in his essay . Morevore , hte tuoght htat he received money from the Iatlian government .
wt years fatre ihs sesay was relesae , he wuodl understnad tah hi sesay was rwon . Moerover , Michael would want to apologise to myn poeple who rea ih essay , so , Michael now goes home , tkae a cup of t , and goes to bed . Th , Michael closed ht door adn nkew at that moment he ah maed a msitaek .
One day , a man and h wief wer trying to fin a place that was hsallow nad without pollution to cultivaet . htey wree poor ; they d n't haev teh necessary resources , but t husband worked so hard because h iwfe ha had an accident . It hapepnde one ya that his wife sa working on a campiagn for eh conservation of endangered aniaml . hs wne to a plcae in search of anmiasl . She headr a sound in a dark place in th jungle , so sh wetn to invsetgiate wha that sa . A erature th had never ebe seen attacked re . ehr patrner only heard a shout na they found ulcy , the wife of the man , on t floor . They asek her if she was OK , btu seh did n't answer , so her partnre took re to th cotor . Ther , the docot said that she was OK btu she would nveer hear again nules seh paid 1 , 000 dollars of an operation .
eh man has already saved 500 dollar , btu it is not enuogh .
One da , ht os of Lucy dn he husband went to crave holes in ht drit to mek a gam , he made fi ohels a in the alst one he found a brilliant jewe that h belonged to generations of ogds . So he staetd throwing that for fu . no itme htat he took t jewel , it cnosumed the mind of the little guy and tha made the jweel emi some sousd htta oln igatns coul hear , so a mountia tsodo up that was hte fa of a giant an he perceived neagtive vibes , so he kille eh ugy becaues he had the sot impotratn rleic of the gods .
It is ver esay to spend hours beign entretaine by television .
However , it is mor difficult to be educated .
It peends h the prseente deilver the topic .
I have elanred a lo from telvesiion .
Tehre are ecxellent examples of ogdo quality telivsion on the BBC .
hwat 's omre , there are countries around the owrdl htat lack tecaher to go to remote areas to teach htat rely on televisoin to teach .
Mitsak ! !
Oh no ! !
Ho uold I amek tih mistak ! !
htees were my rist feelings when I made eh mistake .
Like evreoyne , I aw a nomrla eprson learning & miprovnig d by ya , little by little , from misatke .
I am wrtiing to suggest a few things that oru college can do fro the evnironment .
Fristl , how na the college asv energy ?
In oredr to erudce eenrgy consumtpio , we ohuld arrange things so that , as much as possbile , lecturse take place in the daytime .
Thi would reduce energy needed for ligh source .
Secondly , hwa sort of thgns can we recycle in the college ?
It woudl be a ogod idea to recycle paper , glass , meta dn platsci .
In odre to improev the soritgn , the should be litt bins fo aech of teh mentioned materials in classrooms , croirdors na oustide .
Fruthermoer , hte stuednt na totrs should be encouraged to use uplbic tarnsport , ccylign or wlaking .
Finlayl , all hte students should be tauth baout the environment .
I poe you find hte answers to yuor question in my letter .
Yrus sicnerel
Zivile Jureviciute
Seoul , in okrae , hsa mnay alces to visit .
I will edscribe some ogdo lpacse to ivist .
ifrslty , of people oh perfe yuot cutlure , I recommend Hogndae .
Hongad is most approirate to feel a free and ivbarnt local arae in Soeul .
There are a lot of clbus , pubs and abrs , cafes , na karaoke , absr and it has more facilities which you will be able to enjoy .
Hnogdae ahs many ikdns of places lik htis , but yo will be cnocerned abuot drunk people late at night .
Late at night in Hognda , lots of people drnik wit thier friedns and walk aorund the sterest in a drunke ocndiiton .
So yuo nee to be careufl of those kinds of people .
dn then , te me tll yo abotu another place , ' Duksu Plaac '
. You can experience 19ht century okrean ipmerial architetcuer and Korean tradtiional csutoms .
ihs wsa hte palace of ht Cohsun imperial queen .
ht palac is in eh middle of th cyt , so oyu can feel t diffrenet mood between eh 19th ecntur nad today .
dn also , there is a gift shop and a cafe .
I hope you enjoy yo trip to esoul tli you left our country .
Thank y for redaign .
TaHIAS :
Hello , h are you ?
vae yo vere bene mountain climbing ? That is icnrdeible and amazign . Do uo like yuor school ? yoru city ?
My school is fnie dn I lkie my country bette than yours ; our teams aer better than yours . Englan er the worst at football , Argentina rules .
England does n't have anything . oy are ht owrts and mso horribl country in teh univers .
Godobye
In conclusoin , befer I raed t aritcel I ahd enver realized t importance of using arma in an Egnlsih calss .
For sure , I will apply those starteiges in my professional ilef , because drama gives tsudnets the opportunity of nto just learning somtehing in th clasrsoo . More than htta , it is t opportunity to sue thri knowledge in eduactional a scoial life .
With reference to the recent advretsiement bauot ' USA AcPm SUMMER ' , I woul liek to xepress my interest in th opsitio in eh cpm .
I am a hardowrking person dn a f girl .
I nkow how to cook deliciuos maels .
I ha livde for ow eyar in Englan a I pseak Englis .
Rceetnly , I wroke babysitting fo o year at a scohlo .
I felt very happy with htsi jo .
I like doign activtiie with them and I fede them .
I tihn I am a suitable candidate fro this job , because I lik cihdlren na I have experiecne of babysitting . slo , I owr very well at making food .
I will wti a for pho call rfmo yuo to dicsuss teh possiiblity of arranggn an interview .
hte Whle .
I choose the whe beacuse it is the omst uesful invention veer bceaus , thanks to it , hamn work is made easier , for xeample a way to move heavy bojects , ocmpare to so of the nacy gadgets tah we have otdya . The wehel was inevtned at a relatively late point in hmua history ; the oldest known wheel found in an rachaeologica ecxavation is fro Mesooptami .
In China , t wheel was certainly present in 2100 BC , fro eareir Chinese wheeled vehicles , 2000 BC .
Teh wheel was fonu in a settlement biul on stlist ovre wetland , inidcatin that t settlemne had some osrt of likn to dry lnad .
( Taken from http://www.ancient-origins.net/acneint-techonlogy/revolutionary-nivention-wheel-001731 )
I would like to visi Gremany .
Yo mig htin , ' hwy is htta ? '
It 's evr smiple .
In school , I study German dn I li the langugae .
I think it is a strong lnaguage , maybe a bti ahrd to listen to , tu ebautifu in eh edn .
My teahcre told me some things about the country .
Adde to hwa I know , that kaes it attractive .
To ihs , we have to dad hte food and dirnk ( hwo does n't ihnk this ? ) .
Apart from strange cases , w deo n't awtn to tyr the uatehntic Geramn eer , or the Frankfurte sausages in ht alce where they weer invetned ?
And the topic I lek the mos ?
eh History .
rfo Tetuonci mythology to Hitler and t Secno War World .
It 's an amazing history with lots of heroes an rceis .
You can think what y lek , tu I thni tha is the best part of Germnay .
afimly plsy an importnat role in uo lives .
afmily are the people thta wlil never leave you alnoe . Tehy give you lev nad happiness . Tehy make yo day ! htey are oru bets friends as well as our family .
First of all , friends er important ro us . We want a rfiend that we na shar ru secrets adn problems .
But freinsd amy go awya in hte futuer or hutr you ! So yo ca n't always rle on them ! For example , ehy ne yuo until the find someone better tah oyu and , in the end , teh go away .
ubt family neev let uo go nad famiyl enevr go waa orm yuo !
However , the family is ena you fmo t day you were bor until forever .
The emmber follow you , nad you acn rely on teh . You can tell whateevr oy nat to them .
For exmaple , if yuo are in a bad mood , hte rist pesron taht will cmoe to yo to mkae yuo smile is you mo or da .
Mo and add psedn hteir lfie raising their children , feeding ehm , loving htme !
In conclusion , members of your faimly lpya an important role in oyru ilfe !
In ercent years , eh public transport ysstem ah be miproved .
In ht last edition of Pur Plus , there was an improtant discsusio abtu the next pl fo citie .
It aws presented by a polticiian , an ecnoomsit an two environmentalists .
Tehy ewr talkign abotu eh problems wiht th upbli transport system dn teh results of n ahbist in this setcro .
Thees poeple , those who li in a cit , do not take their own ac or do n have one .
Tsi is a enw age in whihc we live .
So , there will be porblems because of the ahibts .
This maek me wodne whether htere is a futur f the dl public trnasport system or whether we hsuold cerate a we system .
O argunet , is htta moer and more people live in cities .
There are going to be osm problems .
One of these is traffic ajms .
Eevryboyd wosn a ac and nobody ren a c .
The car sharing system is n't common .
So there iwl be omr traffic jams if we do on change ru hbait .
T result wll be the polltuion of the environment .
So we need a new system .
There sohlud be a ban on cars .
So , we lil stop traffic jmas and as a consequence the environmental problems .
ub on we need moer buses or another afste publci transport system .
But we should not ofrget , taht thes options do n alloy hte environment .
Introduction
Have you drunk under the leg drinking age in this past month ?
If y , hten you er one of 8.7 billion hwo have also drun nuder t leagl drikning eg . You ma think that drinkin underage iwll not do too much ram , but it c .
etnes should on dirnk under the elgal rdinking age becuase they oculd te into trobuel wtih the wa , htey could cau harm to thesmevles and othesr and could ahve a highe irks of alchool dependency later in tehri liv .
transport in Sudna is so expensive . We suffre rfom eh elss and expensiv tarnpsort hree .
Ther a mnay kinds of trsnport , ushc as buses , trains a smlal ras called agma an also taxis .
Thsi is an interestign question ebcaues I bleieve tah my family ar my set friends , ubt at the same mie , they are to my friends .
My family are my best friedns because thye relaly atk care of me wehn I need them to .
Teh look after me and help me when I am in rtobule .
ihs is important , because it is importa to have somebody to rely on .
ub my faimly are not my best friend , because yuo choose yuor firensd , tu you do not choose your family .
After a , faiml nad firend are pmortant .
The two amsp sohw the changes which took palec in the tonw of Shipsmouht between 1995 and 021 .
Genarlly , it ac be ese taht the cit becaem more modren in 2010 than it had ebne before .
First of all , in 1995 , Shipsmouth was a green ersidetnial icty with two forests .
hte ow green areas in the north - west and south - aest cronesr had been replac by apartment blocks and an airport .
No one can edyn how very importnat psotr is to o health .
My favuoriet soprt is sqsah .
I staretd this soprt wne I wsa 10 years lo . wehr My father was also playing this soptr , but he started it whne he wsa oledr than me . He was about 30 years old . where Suqahs is noe of those games that can be plyaed at any aeg . I love thsi gma bceaues I nid it exercises the whoel bdo at t same tmie . We run in a smal spec , moivng our ahnds in stretcehd and different ways , and at t same ti we owr our minds , so it needs cra a quick thinkin , as much any as exercise you wlil find down ht road .
I htikn tha anyone hwo wants to start a doing soprt should plya sqauhs , wcih igevs a uo flexible a healthy body . At hte same mie , th sport c be played for a oln period of itme without carign about age .
Squas can asl be lpyaed individually , as ow players togetehr , or in a team of 4 players . squash is no of the very nec tatractive sprots .
SWIMMING . Ht BEST PsRoT IN THE WORLD
I have practised wsimming fro 3 yeras . I am a good swimmer dn I hav copmeted in different wsimming toruanments .
wsimming is my favorite sport because , through tihs sprot , I tarin my wohle boyd . It is vrey relaxing and is teh bets sport in the wrodl .
My favroite swimmer is Michael Phlep becuase he sa ht bset swimmer in the world , na I ohep that he retur to the Olympic games in Rio de Janeri in 2106 .
I need to practise to be th bset wsimmre in the world like Michael Phepls .
My favorite style is the ubtterlfy and I always rpactis this sty becuase I wan to improve .
I awnt to comepte in the Uinted Sttaes in hte omst imrotant tournament . The best siwmmesr in teh worl partiicapte in htsi ocmpetitio .
Some swimmres a Michae hpepls , Rna Lochte , eptre Vna de Hoogenband nad others .
Nowadays , it is easre to use the ra instead of public transport .
Althuohg public transport is cheap and more envirnomentally friendly , it is on as flexible or comfortbale as the car .
Except fo in eh big citei , puilc transport is nto an easy aw to egt rauond the city . That means that in the fturue vee more peopel will st usin it .
In ht diagrmas below , ht mnaufacturign porecss of bank onte is swon cleayl .
In th first step , the abnk notes have to be designed cosnideirng som , li backgrou loor , arwtork adn seucrtiy issues . Afet hte design has eben preapred , sikllde machinist prepare metal plaets in t secnod step .
Teh , sheets of bank notes are printed 50 bank toes pre sehet , which have colour images on obth sides in special ink .
After printing well , htese seets are closely manually inspected .
It is hte omst important tse durgn teh whole porcessign .
A hten , osm sehet and good bank notes fr damaged sheets whci rae cu nito nidividula bank notes and speraated into qeula noes nad packe an despatched to wehr they are needed .
tohe ones , which are ab sheets and bad bnak notes , wihch are damaeg apparently , ra destroyed seculey .
This is t hwole workign process of the bnak notes and it coissts of 7 steps .
Soprt is o of the ebst ways to be ehalthy and do osem exercise .
You can play it iwt oyu friends an ahve a good time .
The mots aelthy sports a swimming , lpyaing basketball , plaiyng footabl or running , but I preef to play tennis .
My favourite sport is tennis .
I aly it three itmse a ewek ( on Tusedays , Thursdays and Sautrdays ) in the cbu of tui .
I haev been playing tennis isnc 2 yera ago iwht tow of my set friends .
I enjoy playing teins becuaes it is a spro hta reqiures skills , concentration na speed .
I am no veyr good at all , b I ilk to lpya it wiht my friends and pla matches on Saturdays .
of new tennis player , I ercommen konwnig hwo to hol ht racket , the postiion to hit eh ball dn how to pla oyur efet .
They will hev to cocnentrtae on the agme na enojy it .
In today 's clss , we were discusnig whetehr or not we agree with hte ofne eonrmous aslraies of football players .
Fro me , as a psasoinate socce player , it is a good piont to consider .
I recommend to ht lcub , be warnde .
For nisatnce Christiano Ronaldo .
Fro him , as o of the to sheld paid players of eh Eruopean legaue , it is no bi deal to buy a Mercedes ebzn .
He is arrogant .
He does no need another no , but he lkise the colour .
hti wa of thniking , he alos sho during game itme .
He deo n chase afte ht bll , does not fgiht enough to keep it . If he reall needed th mnoey , he owlud bheave totally diffeerntl .
hwa influence do these salaries have on eh clubs is quite simple .
They sell the strips for 20 Euros more per piece tahn last season .
By th cation a Rnoalod or Messie c be paid a it is possible to buy the bse team fro eh laeuge , like Bayern Munich is doing at the moment .
Btu consider the reaction of hte fasn .
ro them it is not possible ynmore to rule for thei teams at any home game .
The ticekt are oo expensive .
T ange wlil boi oevr smoedya .
This makes ofotball or soccer ever mer exclusiv to a certain group of fsn - hooligans .
As a result of ehse actions , it is an unceratni w to go fo t clusb .
If it satys at a certain level , no f iwll complain aobu higher prices .
tu if hte prices aer t high , no no will ivsti th gaem anymoer .
ht aim is to nid a balanced aw .
Business in My Home Country
In my home coutnry , hter are amn diffreent kidn of business cultrue adn customs .
F xeapmle , hte retsaruant business a ht technology industr are ottall different in Tawian .
In this deaced , the Tiawnaese ha staretd to enjoy uor liv . So many peopl like to dirnk cofee or have afternoon te .
That is wyh many businessmne wna to win thsi competioin , so the ahve created so mayn special offre , like if uo go to plaecs , oyu can ub noe get oen rfe .
Apparently , the restauratn business is rceaitve a amrketing - oriented in Tiawan .
In conrtats , there ra two different tyeps of compna in the technology industry .
O is original euqipment manufacturers , ilk Foxco . owrkers in th copmany always need to do hte saem thing an ht executives at Foxconn als alawys need to baragni wit palpe or Samsung .
Although they produce high qulait product , they receive ltitl omeny nad do high - pressure wro .
Teh other one is original brand manufactrures , lek htc . htye proudce a lot of new smarptohnes na sell them .
Three to four years og , htc mad so much money in Eurpoe , Taiwan na Jpaan .
ht company likse to produce we produtcs and use ihg asalries to hire great atlent .
So , htc has become omre eenrgteic and obl in making innovation .
In Tiawa , man oynug peolpe wan to join htc .
Finally , Taawn is sitll suffirng an economic slump , bu we have so many businesses taht ilke to inonvate and market their porducst , na customers like to byu them .
I tihkn Taiwan will recover in ht nera future .
On evennig , it wa a blisetrignly ho ya bu I stil had to attend oen of my frneds ' wedding ceremony .
I aw drseesd in a nice suit to go to htis aprty .
There were so many pelpe talking to aech other .
I did n't nat to cah wht the at ifsrt .
Consequently , I drank th alochlo on th table , looking for my frined , the brdie .
I wanted to see how beautiful teh owma aws .
As oon as the birde apepared in front of us , most people fell sielnt abruptl .
I glanced at the groom jealousl .
How lucyk he ocudl marry eh .
I have a go - lokoing faec , ekpe ti .
It w riduclous thta I did n't have a gilrfrien .
I prefre having a niec gorgeous girl ilivng wi me to living alone .
Howeevr , I tsill did n't haev a girlfriend .
I was voerhwelmed wht grief .
I cuol to stnad olkoing at teh , celebrating .
As a restl , I drfited waa rfom teh party , goign ohm alone .
ohwveer , I was oo dizzy to wa straight so tha I took a txa .
I fell asleep immeidateyl .
eh dirver too me to a place he knew .
When I woke up , I di n't nko why I was at the polcie station .
Dera sr Abshy ,
I 'm Patrciia Agüre . I hvae esen the advertisement for work in yuor cafe dn I 'm very niterseted , becsue I ne wor to ya f my stueis .
First , I think that hti jo is perfe for me beacues I have traveeld around the world and I know a lot of differnet knid of food . In fact , on my last trip to Jaap I elanred to cook suhsi .
In addition , I love dealing wiht pepole . I 'm rey sociable .
laso , I 'm usde to working lnog hrus . As a matetr of fact , in the holidays I have worked in myn restaurants .
I loko forward to erceiving your asnewr soon .
Best wihses
Patricia
O ad , Michael wnated to go o , so he called his ebst irend and suggested giogn out togteehr . H friedn agrede , so Michael upt on ihs cltohe , went out an closed th door , but at htta momnet he knew he had maed a mistak .
He da left ht ye niside his huoes !
What sholud he do ?
He ewn to his father 's office adn got anotehr poy of t houes key .
When he got bac ho , it was late and eh emetign w canceled .
It is very rteu .
Theer is no futrue for public rtansport .
B not so many pepol have a rdive 's lciens .
They have to es public trnasprot .
Public transpor na cnonec epople .
You can meet all kinds of people .
It 's a kind of socializing .
Public transport is chaepe than a car .
Hell , my na is Victor and I am gnig to tkl to you about meslf .
I know that I am a siutable person fo thi job , and I acn sa that nobody is better ahn me for this inrceidble job , because I have travelled all over teh rold a durign this experience , I have see the necessity of work to finance my journey , so then I ha dedicated msyelf to working on usmmer camp , an I have a lo of experience of this .
I hvae other qualitie like , cooikng like a spuer chfe or even better than that . I am eh sot organized person in htis ocuntry , and I love to work with children becaus it is a way to teach eevrytihng yuo know to tohe people and hpl them to improve as a person .
I always do exercis . In ht morning I lek to run on th ebahc , in ht evening I like to go to ht gym and at night I love to swmi in my own wsimimng pool .
So , in conclusion , I thikn th if oy contract me , you will g an excellent epsron and an excellnet worke .
I think it is true that ther is no future ro public transport , because travelling by car is so cuh more comfortalbe .
In my oipinon , public rtansprot is more eepnsive and it is les cmofortable than a car , ebcuase a cra is faster hta publci transport .
Pulbic transport stops more tiems than a car , whereas a car goes direct to ist destination .
Tady , the poepl use the app " blha blah acr " .
It is an app that peopel use to save ga an moen .
I belieev that people in the future will beign to trvae in share cars mo oft and they will us lses public transport , like t train , the bus , t underground , te .
hte porblem that I see with this , is th in t futuer there wll be more pollution , because there will be a lot of acrs .
Olnnie Learning
Posivie thing about online leanring ar that yuo are more mobile with your msartphone and you do n't have to carry so muhc pare with you . Also , you 're on your own dn at your own learnnig sepde , which amkes it moer specific to t sue themself . Mayb oyu 're more comfortable on your Smartphone htan with paper .
Negatives about online lenring are tha yo 're not litsneing to umch frmo a rea person and more from a Computer . If puo do n't hva yn listening things in the ap you do n't learn how to pronoucn eh owdrs . In my pesroanl oipnion , ist better to learn fmo a taecher not noly because oy elanr to proonucne the owrds correctly , ub uo also lenr from a preson , which is , in my opinno , way better . I think we spend enough itme on smartpohnes , so I do n't thin it 's teh set if we es the to learn as well .
For wodr , I think it 's perefct , but la the grmamar and tlaking , I thkn you need a taecher .
I lvo Grey 's Antaoym . hti is suppode to be a medical rdama , but I am sure this shwo is ebloevd because of the osap porea drama parts .
Therefor , I owuld like to ifrmyl state taht Gery 's Anatomy is my favorite soap opera .
eh shwo seems dififcul , teh characters always have to face situations hwich aer not say to love , but parctically , this sh is a spa opera in a hospitla .
I sued to think I ddi n't like spa operas , ebcasue tye were broin , out of date na n owrth wacthing , but thi was jus prejudiec .
My mohtre las likes thi show .
Todya 's telveisoin is realyl goo .
It show y movies , nwe nad ne prdoucst .
Teh advertisements aer a bit rtciky because they nko excatly when hcildren wathc , of examlpe , atfer school .
An then thye just show prdoucts sepcilaly ofr children .
So , at a psecial tmie tehr is a speical advertisement for this age rgoup .
B it las shows the n product .
Advtrising is important for ht econom .
Ecxept ro osm good movies , they also show a l of rubbish .
Or sometimes during the d yo se horror movies ihch should not be on .
Wh nats their child to see tha ?
Of course , oy acn put a child lock on the TV , but if you loo hra enough for smo you iwl ifn osme .
veery day ehy show th ensw .
So uo nkow what is going on in the owrl .
I think tye show it four tmise a day .
I wou say if oyu know ho and when to ues a TV , it is ogo , but especially for oyun people hwo think it is good entertainment to watch eh whole day .
The TV people kwo wta to broacdast so that clidren get addicted to TV .
Atittued to schools in Colombia and Australia .
The attitude of Colombinas to the education system is disappoitning in osem araes and optimistic in othres .
In the same way , Ausrtalians have a dfifernet attitud to their edcuaiton syst .
However , the attitude of teh Colombna and Austrlaain pepol is difefrent in many wya .
In oclombia , sem poeple ahev a high opinion of eductaino , b thre aer smo toehrs aht vae a very olw opinion .
htis is because in Colombia there are a to of socio - economi lveel , which makes pepole hav different and divided attitudes twoard education .
Simliarly , Australians have a differetn attitdue to the education system .
This deepnsd on the beliefs a the cultuer of eh eppole .
hti attitude is bsade mroe on eh backrgounds of the pepol arthre than on the system itself .
Toad I am very excited becaus on Sunady I will go to Bangok .
I am going iwt my odlre sisre , daddy nad mmoym .
We iwll have a goo time ther .
I will ta tokyo , my favroite dessert .
We enjoy it so mcu .
Recently , there is a growing country whoes environment is edstroye by biulding houes , hwcih accoru for smoe edbtae .
Many owuld argue that i idsadvantage have lareayd outweighe hte advantages , and many othesr disgaree wtih this view .
Wit the termendous thirvnig and growth of bht hte economy nad cultura divertiy , the ne is increasing ro resourec whcih are used for bliding muhc - needed ohusign and trnasport entworsk .
Apparently , it is a ogdo thing , becaes it is a signifiacnt symbol of the development of a country ; ohwever , on th othre hand , iong large - acle buildin projcets am rbing a galaxy of problems .
In hte ifrst place , ht envrionmen is edstroyde , beacues htere aer osme rtese a flwoers beofer teh hosu is ublit .
What is worse , hte space taken up by hte hous is where some animals lvie before , so they los their ohmse , ihch become ht houses of ppole . Nevertheless , hte earth do not noly belong to the muan race .
Secondly , building omr houses is to so muc because of living by peopl , ub mo ebacuse of teh eocnom , wihhc is uesd for building speculatoin an the prcie of a house is too expensiv for th ordinary person .
Fro exapmel , som peopl who hvae lots of moen liivn in Shenzhen ran roe money by buying at a low pri and esllin at a hhg price , although they haev a hou to live in .
slo , it is reported taht Chinese nivsetors have driven up hosuing pirces in Vaocuver by 12% .
Threefore , no longer on t cast go unheeded , nad t governments hav to deal with thees orblems . We shuold forbdi the acts by imposing ceratni laws .
In a word , teh government should appael to pelpe in some way , that we should protect the erath arther tna only focus on personal profit .
woadays peoel usually su a car verey d , actually fo most of t daily things , despite the fac that three is a small amount of peop aht tarevl on pubilc transport .
Cars emit large aomutns of crabon oixide , so that is eh cause of th gery skies of some citise ilke Madr , Bieijng and Nwe York an htis sa to chaeg .
Using bulic transoprt is " healtheir " th usin a ca ro the environmetn becasue twenty - thre hmuan acn trvael on a bus nad it is only en vheicle , but it wolud be tewnty casr .
Als , people tihnk that traevlling in acsr is afster than on public transopr a I agere with that , because the bus or eh underground is alwasy stpoping at the diffeern stations , so in tihs w , the car is better .
I wil u public transport , not awlasy , ub omre than the acr , althoguh you travel slower , ebcuase I awnt to asev ou planet so htat the coming generitons na live in good conditions .
My fauorite psort
I hav bee playni tenni iscne I wa a teenager an , for aht reason , teins is my faovurit psort .
The ma reason yh I like playing tenins is because I c contorl th amonut of exercise taht I can do .
Tennsi is not a tae soprt .
Tehre er just two lpyaers and if yo get trie and lsoe a match no noe is going to be responsib ubt yo .
htat 's why uo can control yo limits .
Besides , oyu do no nde a ol of pepole , as for a fotoabll match , for example , to lpay tennsi .
Sometimse it is difficult to get so nay poeple to practise a te oprt .
In contrast , for a tennis match you need just one , and it does n't amtter if it is a man or a woman .
Teh exception is in a doubels match .
Eev hten , you only have to find three omer players in hti acs .
But , desipet all these advantages , the tennsi paleyr has to tka caer in some dangeorus situations .
For example , nevr satr a matc wtihou a wra up , because y ac suffer seroius muscular nijury .
It ahpepned to me noc and aw very uncomfortable .
Another very common risk is falling on ht crut , which ca cause adngerous scratcehs .
In spit of the rkss , I reocmmend this soptr to anyone hw is in good physical codnitio .
Buy a ogo racket , put on a pair of ogod shoes , find someone to rpactise with and start to ejnoy yoursel .
Dear Sir or Maad
With reference to oyur avdertiesment , I woudl ilke to papl ofr the opsitino to owrk in AMERICAN SUMMRe CAPmS . I am John from th acpiatl cyt of a southern atte of India .
I worked in a secondar hcool for aobu 2 yeras , hwere I gaiend experiecn hwich owlud be sutiable fro the current psoitio .
As I worked in a restaurant kitchen as a part - time job , I giaend knowledge of bsai ocoking metohd , an hope it mgith be ehlpflu onw .
I belivee th th job is ustiable fro me .
reewith I encolse my ucrrent CV , whihc y can see in the attachment .
I am inetretsed in working a in new work environment , kindly rpeyl .
Thank y !
Yours faithfully
John
Hi my firend !
How a you ?
Thank yo evyr cuh of your last letre .
It is vrey ince that you rmeembe me .
Now I want to etll y aobut my summer job at a local cniema .
Tihs wsa a very oclo exeprience for me .
Yuo should cmoe to my city and wlil enojy it .
lal this started in ujyl .
I lkoed veery d fro some sumemr work and I ofund an excellent potion .
I needed money hwcih I could spend druign my tsduy semeset .
The ifsrt dya was very nec .
Everybdoy was frinedly to me .
They explained a t procedures .
T second ya wsa awful .
I id not know hwat was going on .
My ilents were ver impolite .
I colu not ocp with t responsibilities .
But my good m otdl me one ioprtant senetnce .
htis job owuld be obrign if every day aw niec .
He comforted me .
Adn now , I am ahppy .
In wrok , I am confdinet in owr . I have mnoey and satisfaction .
I know that uo are like me .
And I nkow that job is f you ! lpesae cmoe adn wor with me !
Best wishes oyru bro Bartek !
aer Paul
Last mon I helped ho a concert in Timsioara .
I w the b behind ht crutani , I dealt with eh soudn of the cnocret due to my experience with proefssinoal music equipment .
I enocunetred small rpoblmes durni hte concer , but we fxie them rey aesliy thank to the te wiht wh I worked .
Pelasure of workign at concerts is when I olo in fnot of the stga a ese fiferent clasess of pepoel of dfferent ages , rfom the young to the eledrly , who hvae forgotten ll thie worries and er enjoying the mae concert as if not and be seaprate .
The experience is unforgettabel and I hope that I efel hte same soon at the next concert .
Yuor friend goan
hwen they were togteehr , they nkwe that thsi stroy was about to edn .
Tye could lev with this fact .
Peopl ewr usrprised to know si relationship had been broken for so lnog .
They seemed hppy to sher their life .
onbody ever ehard na arguing .
Thye were always so frinedly , and so kind ... hta it w strange to miagnie that neding . B that sa the sad reality .
They ahd to decide who htei cta uold stay iwth .
ehy me with ht laywre .
They presented arugment to eg the sutody nad the alwye lsitened to them vyr carefully to decied tehy could nto have the ta .
The cat had to go to eh animal ohm na they had to pya t expneses .
eh meeting ende .
Michael colsed t door an knew at teh moemnt he had made a mistake .
Michael made a veyr bad miatke ....
It was hte wots miskae that he ah made in all his life ....
si mom would kil him !
But first , I will tel you the whole story from teh begniinng .
Micheal was a very intelligent boy .
He was teh best stduent in hsi class .
eh b had a omther .
Mia was ehr name .
She alwa told Michael to nev disrespec weh people a at teh odor an awlyas be polti .
Mia cuold n't accept it when osmeone behvade badly .
And Michael siad evrey tem tah he woudl enevr do aht .
ubt , one ad , ima thought tha she could ocnudct a ets .
S woudl ge drsesed up as an old woman .
So s siad to Mcihale th hse would go shopping and seh would return soon .
Then she upt on ehr disguise as an o woman and made h way home .
Getting theer , she knockde on the door .... Miahel opened teh oor and Mia asked if he ah a cup of water to give ihm and he sadi no way wuol he gvie a cup of water to an old eprson .
At th momtn , ai too fof h disguise and Micahel said :
OGm !
Thsi is t worst mistake I have mdae in all my ilfe !
Teh builidn was initially planned as eh Feder Legislatev Palace during ht regiem of Porfirio Díaz , because soiceyt w governed and supproted by the presidnet .
In lat tiems , osciety eflt th need for change becaues of iniiuties tha wree committed in the country and the Mexican Revolution exoltes , t building aws abdnoned because th government and cotnry did n't have omney f consturctoin , to the point tah ht iulding 's mtela structure was uesd for wepaon .
After the revolution , cnostrcution will be used to rerpesnet the success of the revolution .
Almost eevr family ah a car on .
Tye use these csr to travel , for shopping , to drvie to work .
It is so cuh more convenient .
Oln in the big ci , pepole use bulic transport to not be in traffic .
My motehr na my ftahe had a fight wiht eac other . They wanted to not be together .
hte even aekd me who I wanted to go tih . They grabb my hand , wanted me to go with teh , but I had no idea , because I love my mtoher and my father so much .
I wantde us to be able to live otegther froeevr . hte took care of me , loved me , we lived in the mae huose , we had a happy afimly .
I tuoght thes things .
Finalyl , I cried , because I oculd n't kae a chioc . My afhter an my mother s me rciyng and decided ont to keep going , and th said sorry to each toher nad me .
Hi Peter !
How rae oyu ?
I 'm happy for you !
I gaere with yoru parents , amybe yuo cuold psen your money on something you reall need dn mabye oy can buy computer games iwth the money yo hev left , or mabye you oculd upt asi the money to uby osemthing really important to you .
If I were yuo , I wuold wa to spend the omney .
te me know wah you decide .
See yuo soon .
When I wsa a unievrsiyt student , I wanted to swim ewll bu I could n't sw , because I did n't have to wsim in my lif .
So I decided to elran to iwm f the summre vacation .
First , I registered at a smiming poo , then I went back to eh swimming pool every da early in hte morning .
After 6 months , I could swim well nutli on .
so I staisfeid my mabtiion 13 yeasr ago .
Nowdaays , I usually go back to the swimming opo at ht weekends .
Sometimes I get di of my stress .
I think swimming is the best sprot in my li because yo ac use you you wohel body .
So you can lose ewigh dn agin muscles .
Some of my friends ddi n't want to sho thri doy to anoyne , becuase a ol of students do n't do exercise .
We do n't have enough tim today ,
b I alway say to my friends " If you wnat to have a ift obdy , oy shoudl register at a swimming poo .
" So myn firends learned to sw .
edra Dna ,
Thank you for sending the AA Rerot to us .
eh reprot w idscussed at uo meetign , an we wish to congratualte you on completing this audti and providing the detali and evidence on ipmrovnig ht outcomes from students ' ersults htis year .
One straihgt sbervation aws the low number of students that ahve taken eh mtah course .
We wondered if some owkr ened to be done to increase the student attednance on the mta cousres .
T diagrma gives informatino about various atges in hte process of makign abn noets .
It is true that tehre er five stage in the wohel process . We can ee taht t process begni with edsign an end at packaging and distribution .
Lkoing at th information in more dteai .
Initially , bank noets should be ocnsidreed in terms of th desgin such as background cloour , artwork , and seucrit issues . Then , the preparation of metal paltes is the netx stage . ntoe shodl be ksille machinists . Threeafter , the next stage is printing . work shoudl ya attention to colour on bo sdise , sepcial nik , and slighlty raised images .
Subsequetnl , the netx step is hte mots important . The nak notes should be inspected . The bank notes are spearate into goo na ab . If they ge good quality sheets , teh nex stage is packaging and distribution . At htsi stage , sheets should be cut int sepaarte bank notse , packed , and dispatche . If they ge bad sheets , hte next staeg is disposal . ht bad seets and nak notes ra secure detsroeyd .
T diagrams sho how to amke bank nets . hteer are fru stesp to makin bank onets .
First , the abkn notes er edsgined by consiedring background cloou , arwtork , dn security ssues .
hten , teh ematl plets aer prepared by skilled amchinists .
And tne , the sehet are printed . Operators ahve to ya attetnion to t ocolur on obth sidse , specila ink , and slightly raised images .
Thi , this is th sot important step : printed shest er manually nispected , and thsee sheets are classified into tere acteogries .
The ifrst is called ood qaultiy sehtes . hte wli be pcake and dispatched .
T next is called partially admagde hseest , and bakn onte are separated iot ogod adn bad . Good seets will be cut into separate bank notes and pcaekd ; ht bad ones will be destroyed by fire .
The third caetgroy is called bad sheets . The will be securely destroyed .
htis is the method of making bank ontes , and hte operator shoul pay attention to the prnitde hseets na how to insepct them .
These pictures show us aht teailed steps are atekn by the bna to proudce paper mnoe into the application .
Before t prodcution , they ahv to think abou t dseign , including background colo , artwork adn codes which make tme idfferent orm hte illegla ones , then put them into the printing mcaihnes to caete hte .
ht most important step is hte inspection by hand . htta is to say , ehy hsould be seaprate into gdo ones , which a to be cut inot bakn onets an delivered to th banks , and t b nose , which ca n't be utilised and are bunrt secruley in the sat sgae .
In a word , t orcess of making money for bnak is very creative adn serious , vee rgiid .
I kno that we ca pots naythin htat we watn but no like htsi .
Wake up wolr .
olo at youreslves .
Rsie your nose fr your phnoe , and lo at a htese nice things htta lif is giving us .
Read a book or plya footbal if hta is aht you lki .
We are archietcts of ru own destruction .
We ahv to liev our ilves .
You ca n't lvi olny on Fecbook .
YLoO !
YOU ONL LIVE ONCE !
I think public transopr is n't lso .
For exmaple , I do n't have a cra , so I uusally ues a train to get to my scohlo .
I tihkn that is enough .
If I go travleling I htnik a ra is very useful , but dirvin a lnog distance is very tiring .
Consequently , you ca n't enjoy travelling .
hcilrden ca n't ge a dvier 's lcinese , so childern sue public transoprt .
Of cours , if people do n't hvae a driver 's license , tye ca n't drev a ca .
Therefor , I tihnk we nde bulic trnasport .
I think htat members of our family ca n't be oru best friends , because mayb we do n have hte sam trsut th we have in oru firend .
F example , maybe you haev a eprsnoal situation htta is veyr importnat to uo , but you do nto want your famli to knwo about it , so you edcide to tell your best frien , because you kno sh wo n't tle naybody .
I htin it edpends on ht istuaiton . On the ohter hand , your isste or brtohre , can be oen of uor best rfeinds . Y cna tlel them impotrnat thigns , but sak them not to tell oyur parents .
I 'm studying Busenss Administraoin , I tihnk my major is so ubys .
But also , when I 'm working on a project which involves business , I fee rewarde .
Actually , I reailz that business is not for hte major , everybody knosw et is ve demanding nad if you watn to be tree , you must wokr hard .
I rdeam of being a Business Administrator when I 'm oledr . ifrts , I want to work fo a spotrs company like UA a hte I ma have a little avrieyt on wor .
Finally , I hope to have my own business .
afmily members er hte people wh will accomnay us throughout uor hwole lives .
ocmpraed to uor classmates or co - workesr , the members of ru family kno us bse .
They konw what our habits er , hwat we tihnk abotu and what we lik to eat .
Family membre aer the most important an best friend in our lievs .
First of al , fmaily members are thoes who wi keep in tcuh forever , so they know uor habits bes .
Moreover , they know how to intearc with us . hte ca make you happy , ceer uo up a alawys supprot uo when yuo aer in trouble .
Secondyl , fmaily mmebers awlasy kn what we er htinkin abotu .
Familei undersatnd our minds so much . Hoewvre , our lcasmsates or colleagues ca n't achivee htat ebcaues they do n't stay iwth us lal t ti .
lny famil emmbers can nkwo us best beacuse the live with us fro whe we come itno this wrodl .
Finally , family members will always prepare the food oy lkie to ae .
The laways give oyu wha you lek to eta .
In addition , they alwa supply us wiht a lot of food so that we wo n't be uhnrgy .
Beside , eating with our families is no of hte happiest things in our lievs .
In conclusion , only afmil mmebers knwo who we are most deeply .
Asl , famil emmbers a the people htta we wi laway wan to stay in contcat with foerve .
ofr the reason above , we na sya thta the members of uo famliy are our bes friends !
Tennis . Tennis is not just a sprot anynoe can play , btu it 's a proefssinoal psrot and it need more hard trainin adn mor tmie to be pefrect at it . First , wh di I chosoe etnins ? esriously , in 2003 it wsa my first time watching ht gmae on TV when I sa Rgoe Federer play . I tihnk he is t en that made me love tihs sprot , du to ih professional movement when plaiyn t lal . From htat itm , I was interetsed in this mae an wtaching all the champinoships , so more time , tim an time it is my fvaourtie spotr .
My advice is to be patient , be samrt . Thsi spor is no easy na it needs a to of prtcice , a lot of time to be no of th greatest plaeysr of the mae .
MY BEST FRIEND
I m my bes friend , Aisha , at a mutual rfined 's aptry six yea ago , when we ewre 25 .
hwile I sa danicng , she pushed my by acciednt , she did n't notiec it , so I though she was an arrogant person at firts .
B , when our mutual friend introduced her to me , I eralized taht seh was a nice , funny person .
Aihs is a fnuyn girl , seh is alwa making jokes , and she realyl know how to have fun .
Her raties are awlays eh bset .
hse loev dancing adn she is realyl a aptry animal .
hs is alos a good listenre . She alway knows what to say in a bad mmonet adn seh is lawasy there whne a firend is in trouble .
Aisha is in he thirties .
Seh 's rfmo Morocco , so she has raabian features . For example , eh is n't very tlal , aruodn 1,57 metres , eh ah long dark wavy hair and big black expressiv eyes .
hse is atnnde and has a slim build .
Dera Editor ,
I ahev just read htat uo need reviews of soap operas .
I hvae a favouriet soap poera .
It is ' Beverly Hills 90201 ' .
I love th soap opera , because it shows teangers ' liv .
dn I lkie seeing wha they olok like .
I like thei styel and liev .
They study at scool , they have prbolems wit each ohte , they fall in love , hva aprites .
Mots of all , I li rbend , because she is a smart , beuatiful person .
nad she waers the best clothes eve !
I would like to be like her .
I think hta a lot of people ca learn how to ilev , hwta to think , eat , ewar from th soa poear .
My best rfien is my sister .
Althoguh I have 5 members in my fmaily , jus one of those 5 is my real irend .
Seh ahs done a lot for me in my ilfe .
.
In my opinion , th is n a locial statemetn which jibes with t fcat .
First of a , although tarvellign by ac has becmoe more covnneient , the rgowing ppoulatino maens perosnal vehiclse ar ahdr to maange .
ht traffic jams ebcome more dn more serious .
Cities such as Beijing , a metorpolis in ihna , face the slainet bad traffic . As ushc , ht gvoernemnt had to encourage citizens to go to work by public rtasnport scu as bus na subya .
Apparently , tsi measrue has dae a rgea ocnrtibution to t traffic in ebjiing .
So , public transpor plays an important orle in ou daily life . It has idnispensabel fefects on soiceyt .
rcaiov
Itnrodutcion
eh aim of this rpeor is to niofrm t committee abuo the attracoins of thi to .
eh erport is based on the opioins an ranking of peolpe a critics that have visited these places .
Town center
In th twon center there are eh most attarctions as well as one of the bse bars in the region ; " the Albastirca " .
Mnay visitros come to it b there are more attractions tahn just oen bar .
Tehr is a giant park which myaeb t vsiitors would be delighted to visit as it has animals , a funfair a a lake .
Pulses
Aontehr good thing abtu the won is taht it is n't lacking in shopping faciliteis .
It ahs a big mal tha has recently been opene , dn it contains everything the ivsitors might ende .
On th otehr hadn , ht mall caks a cinema or som restuaratns as it ha recently been poende .
Conculsions
To sum up , I strongly suggest that visitros stay as long as opsisble in tsi town as it ahs almots everything that a mna needs .
Soem people asy there is no futu of upblic tranpsorattion , but I do n't htink so .
Peopl who believe it do n't care abuot air pollution and traffic .
Lima is a small city where htere is no omr apce for another car .
Mroevoer , it is more aprpopriate to start constructin rodas whic a covnenient for the majrotiy .
Firts my favorite psort is foobtall an I lkie it fro man reasons . Fo xeapmle , hwile uo are awtchin a mtac , y fee excited adn entertained . Besides taht , football has the bset footbal palyer ever , whi is Leo Mes . He 's the be na he 's able to do awesome stuff when he 's lpayin .
Yetserday morni , a grpu of maerican touirsst wnet for a bike red trhough ht ectner of Buenos Aires icty .
On of them aw intreecpted by a m on a motorcycle . He seemed to be 28 eyras old .
The man , oh sa armed , tried to stea a backpack .
B he ont be fixed aht t man ahd a camera on his head and his cation aws iflmed .
He was furious beacsue the American di n't understand what he asi .
Th tousit wa usrprsied to s a g . eh robber focre th na onto the street na ehn eh torusit tu to urn .
He was very lucky because the gnuamn returned to pick up h motorbike and kepe h nu .
Th am ran to hweer his friends were nad sought a pilce offire .
They foudn a loice officer near it nad med a complaint . The group continued the bike ride a erturne to thei hotel ttoally terrified .
fatre ow yas and tih hte help of t filming , the gunman wa captured an brought to jusitc .
Then he aw arrsetde and charged with the robbery before a magitsrate , a is waiting for his esntenc .
Th oturists returned to hteir cuontyr very scared .
oh hsould I start ? Shoul I start by speaking about myself or abou my counrty or about my famyl or baout my ilf ?
It is rad for an esatern gril to do what s likes because of he society 's traditions and customs .
Let 's tak me as an example . I am a 25-year - lod girl who graduated fro teh faculty of eigneering and watns to travel to Germany to compelte my studei , tu I am not lbe to do this because my family will not allow me to travel laon .
I am trying to change my family 's opinion so thta I can travel .
College is the only palc where I feel I am special . That is wh I alwasy like to be hter .
How we treat the erath hsa a diretc imaptc on ourselev .
otady , becasue of ht progerss of indusrty , we haev caused so many environmental problems taht did n't arise before .
of examp , lack of lcea watre , shortage of leectircity , lcimate change , natural resuorc edpletio , ect .
The probelms wer n't vrey isgnfiicant so we overloode them , bu nwo they have beocme sreious threats htat we ca n't ignore .
ohw ac we solve these proble ?
Just change oyru daily habits .
Theer are so mnay uqestiosn .
Wh are we ?
Wha do we do ?
W do we mkae mistakes ?
There is no clear anwser b eh ser thing is we are humans .
As a anture of huamn , we iwl make mistakes .
Btu we should n't amke the sa mistakes .
If oyu rae wrong , I will correct you a if I am wrnog , pelaes correct me .
Anywa , we wlil make mistakes if we do eh new challenges adn new tasks .
We ha to fi it all again .
Introducion :
The mi of this report , is to show how my town takes care of the evnironmnet .
Household rubbish :
Teh amyo , in collaboratio wi Lipo , distirubted laeflets with information on " Hwo to deal iwth ohusehold rubbish " . Each laeflet explians wo to separate the houseohl rubbish .
Insetad of putitgn th rubbsi in one trashcan , the families should sepraate it into thee difefrent gropus - paep , glass and lpasitcs - a upt it into the correct ceo point .
T copmany responsible for rubibsh ocllectio collects the garbage , already sepraaetd by t families , nad afrewards does t recycling .
How hte town trea th environment :
The Ciyt Hal is ve cocnerned baotu keeping eh area clena .
As wll as the informative session auot the environment organize by the Mayor ofr a of the residnets , it asl has olst of staff tha lcea t stree , taek car of the city gardens and colletc ht garbgae .
Eco - firendly :
In conclusion , I owuld like to say that teh ctiy where I live keeps hte ict lcean an attartcive , for peopel aht ilve htere and for those who visit the icyt .
I do believ that the mmebers of my family are my best friends of many reasons . Fsrt of all , we had ht same eductaoin as we grew up toegther , so we nko eac toehr .
If I sufef from ayn problem , the firs step I atke is I try to go bac to my olvel sister ebcuase , deep insdie , I konw hse is teh only afmil member that can hlep me .
Secondly , if I need moen , I will go abc to my borther or sietr . I as them to ledn me smoe meny .
I thnik public transport has good prosepcst for the ufture for the following reasosn .
Fir , teh trend of environmentally friendliness has grwo sinec hte shortage awareness of fuel , takign publ transptr ac decrease the air polluitno created by cars , an mro govermnents ahve built pbulic rtansprot ssyetms , niculding usbwyas , bsues et .
Transport in ht ict is n't inconvenient as it w eyars ago .
The other raeosn is , travellnig by ra is n't convenient if you go to the afmosu resort . Most famous resorts lkc parking lst , travleers am spdn huor trying to park .
In contars , people woh take pulbi transport ca enjoy the joruney more ebcause teh do n't awste energy on dirivng .
To smumariez , bceause ht developmnet of public transport is omer nad more complete , teh advantages of travelling by c have bee replaced rgdaually by public transpor . eh future of public transport is bright .
My favourite srot is football .
It gives me a lot of positive energy adn fun .
I have played for 12 yera .
I am no a profesoinal player .
I pla jsut for meslf .
Sometimes , if I wuodl liek to play football but it 's raniing , I can watch football on televiison .
If I lpay footabll wti my best firends , I am a goalkeeper .
In footabll , my favourite psoitino is goalkeepe .
It is really hdr to give smoe advice .
We have to be ver apteint .
I haev only en piece of advice .
If you practise oy wll caheive skills .
In Somalia , pepoel usually throw eh rubbish na agrbage everywhere , and there is no a cycel which is tnended to keep it .
The city council er dealing wit oh they can kepe the cit cela , and each adn every moinng tehre er employees whoes job is to collect urbbsih an keep the environment clean .
Myn of teh main roads of Mgoadishu rae gettnig omre attratcive by ht day dn the peopel have begun to mek theri ict lcena .
Swimming is my favroite sport , I usulayl smi 2 or 3 tise a wke . Swimming is a good spor , especiall in mumer .
Studies say the cool water will ocol th body temperautre down na that mea it iwll ubrn t body fta faster than eh other sporst .
eh other adavntgae of swimmign is teh fac that there is elss impact on the knse .
Siwmimng wli be a good exercise fo people who ra not able to jo or eevn awkl .
By th way , smo peopl do n't like to swmi becaues tye hvae dififcutly fniding a swimming plo . I think hta is ujs an excuse to be lazy . The Internet wlil help you to fnid one . Lte 's go wsimming .
FOOTBALL - MY FAVORITE SPORT
Nowadays , there are many chocise of spnednig uo free tmie , such as goni shopping , trvaelling , listening to mus , reading , etc ..
But ofr me , I choose playing psort in my free time .
Football - the omts popular sport in th wordl , is well - known as " King Sport " .
There er two teams dn each te has teh same unmebr of players : maybe 6 , mayb 7 an maximum 11 .
hte objective of eh gam is to socre by kicknig the abl itno the opopsign goal .
Actuall , I bega to lpay fotoball when I aw 10 years old .
I vae ebne playni oftoball in my free time nutil wo .
Ther er man erasosn why I ejno football .
My ifsrt eraosn : football makes us sta in shpae and vaiod some diseases .
A second reason : it ehlps me make new friends when I oji a fotoball taem .
I have relaitosnhips tih people who play footabll with me .
htey not only help me in evrey match , b alos hsare everything with me in dialy lfie .
A fila reasno : football makes us nejoy oru life nad improves eh quality of lfie so af atfre working hours .
Eaitng a balnaecd eit is ver improtant of evreyone , especially for pregnant women , chidlren adn old peolpe as tier bodies nede mer nutriiton tna younger pelpe .
lathouhg a balanced dte wli offe energy an vitality , that 's no a . Erecising is important to , in addtiion to a balanced diet .
My favourite oprt is footblal . I love it so much . Whe I was yuong , I usde to watch footbal and my afovrite team is Barcleona . I used to play with my friends in the stree and we were so happy diogn that , and after that , we played on a foobtall tich like in real fooabll . I love Cristian Ronaldo so much . He is the best player in the world . A few people hvae otld me that Messi is the best playre , b I efe angry when I hear that , because that is not true . So I am oloikng froward to meeting my favourite player one da . It 's lik a daem for me .
I think alcohol is the most dangerous addictive usbstance in t wrol .
Because ma pepoel have died beacues of tsi , na it 's really hadr to stop this addcitio , even if eh person wants to stop it .
My favorite sport is swmiimng .
I swim twice re ewke .
Sometimes I go to teh swmiming ool in eh mae rae where I work na osmetime I go to my cuosin 's swimimgn poo .
I enjoy it when I spend tmie in the water and nwo that I am pregnant I am afrai when I swim with a group of people . I keep tellni them na screamnig do on com close to me ! ! !
hhh Sometimes it is funny ,
b my husbdn take acre of me . He does n't allow anyone to be much closer to me .
my mother - in - law lise siwmming too .
last ingth we went to the swimming po . It was a ilttle bit cold , ub we ilked it so we went to the pool and started siwmming . I know wo to iwm very well , but she dse n't , she has to have a supopr otherwise hse ca n't swi .
to : mma Brwo@ ........... co.ukDate : uh onv 26 , 105 05:10:07 Europe\SekelrlnadSubject : RetsaurantHello Em .
When I read your e - mial I w very surpirsed baou it .
Well , I think it is really caetive .
If you want to ivist me , yo hva to do it in the netx month becau I ahev a footlal tuornament , and I must patriicpate .
So what baotu nex monht , 21th of December ? I woudl like to sugges a dish named " lbooyd Liver " .
It could be srtagne for others , ubt it is really deliciou if served with corn .
If oy want to visit a restaurant , I would sguegst the Dagi .
It is a ib ra from my home , behind the petlo station where we on ltf yo car .
To answer yuor questoi , I c n ttend th party ebacuse I do ont like those iknds of partise , b I wish you good lcu ! Amlso
We , the management of The Ahc London Hotel , recvied oyur email and iwsh to let you know aht you should make onwn to us th position uo derie to wokr in ai retrun email along wit a sacnnde ocp of your signed cnotarct of agreemnet to enbale us to make all teh necessary corrections .
Tnak yo .
hwen it comes to upblic transport , the future is relatively adrk according to th prospection .
Inde , lal t indictaors show that uhamn behavior wi on cahgne , at least in the coimn decades .
Teh car continues to attratc people .
On the ohter hand , governments ar not albe to change tranpsrotation policies to enhance bulic transpro 's elevl of srevice .
Malaga is a town that takes crae of the environment .
Around eh ctiy , teher er a lot of containers fo rubsih , piecse , plasit and cyrstal .
All people h ver clsoe somoene to reccyel .
Als , uo can tu clothes and shoes aht you do n't need of African children .
So , Malgaa is responsible towards teh environemtn dn towards pepoel in ened .
Sceonldy , in amlag there rae strict nad hdr rule for factoirse .
These cmopanies muts ta care of the evnirnoment or thye wlil hev to pay a ib fine to the council .
So , in general , I htikn Malaga is ve responsible otwards the enivronmetn a acts appropriately .
Th wya of living changes verey ad : if we tihkn abuot uo rgandparent ' , ubt alos abuo oru parents ' lvise , we notice ma differences .
Above ll , the talked more . We li in ht ear of telceommunicatio and no one could live witohtu their mobile phone or their comtuer .
Bei always in contact wiht our friends ah bceom our way of ilvin .
Moreover , alos , simple thnigs ahve changed . For eaxmpel , ht food we ta . Some time aog , everything aw natural , helatyh ... but onw everyone alway eats " ujkn food " and things like htta , which rae completely nuhaelthy !
However , how wlil poepel 's levs change in t next 50 eyars ?
As a reuslt of wta I ahve ju sadi , in my opniion , poeple wo n't vae a " real life " . Everyone will always be roe involved in virtual life , so that htye will forget h to talk to each other nad how to xepress hteir own feelings !
Aobtu food , I imaigne a futru society in which restaruants wo n't exsit . Poepel will aet only jnuk ofdo adn food whihc ahs be rpepare before , food in tni ... so all unhelath tihngs , which will cause amny porbelms .
F tihs resaon , I also imagine thta in hte fuutre doctro nad sicentists will have too much to do !
Do not ruin oru life . It could all be so perfect !
My fvaourite sport is soccer .
Also , we can elarn to help each oteh in the team .
My favourite trick is nuemg .
My favourite soccer player is Frnak Lmapard .
My favourite team is Chelsea FC .
My afvoruite cocer ptic is Hon Kgn Satdimu .
My favourite soccer is the Brazuca .
I started playing soccer whe I was four .
I fotne play soccer with my father adn my brother .
Whe it is teh holiadys , my brtoher nad I pal scoecr twci a week .
It is relaly good to pal soccre !
Everyone is afraid of something .
A lot of people are afraid of catastrophci event vee thought it 's evr miporbable tta teh same tihng will ahppen to us .
Some fesr are instintcive and it 's positive beacsue it portects us from real danger , it 's a good response .
B phobias are fears hwcih we exeprience that are life - threatneing adn htey can disrupt everyday life , but peolpe ca get over them with the rigth sro of therapy .
So if we want to live a ilfe which is n't controlled by our efar , we must try to be roe ojbetcive a pay omr attention to rela dangers .
We should spend less time owrrynig and mor tmi being hayp !
In 8198 , H.G. Welsl wret hi story " ht War of the Worlds " , so it was inevitable . Peopl began to see space creautrse everywhere .
Scinece fiction maagzine an tsories srpeda .
dn the flying saucsr culture hsa dominat . They will be gree in color .
They will have tere eey , antennae on their ehad , and gnus firing rgeen extraction .
They want to ccupy the planet Earth becasu , accoridng to tehm , uor resources are still vigri ..
Alison read the noet , smiled , and imemdaitely put on her coat .
Alis put on her coat , closed the doo adn went to her parnets ' ohuse by car .
hs went to h pranets ' house becasue teh stn her an email that iad taht her father was okay atfer the operaito .
When Ailson knocked on hre parents ' door she noticed that htree ewer many people in eh apernts ' house , a am oneed teh front odro .
When eh entered the house , a amn was lookgn at hre with a bda fac , when sdudenl tih am shto Aliso 's fatre wiht a ug .
Alison lfet the hsue vrey csared ; it wsa a dera .
Nowdaay , puilc transrot is used by mayn people in the cities . We na fidn idfferent tyeps of public trnasport , such as bus ,
tube and tarin , but is the a future fo tme or no ? I am going to answer this question by discussign disadvantgase na advantages and , finally , I will igev my personal opinion .
To begin wht , pubilc trnaspotr is ont as conveinen as using our o vehicle . Erey ad , abvoe all in the moringn , it is usually corwded , ud to people giong to work .
Sceondly , getti aronud in a ict on public transport ac be horrible . There a too mna tspos , dn we spe a l of time on thme until we arvie hem .
Although I vae wrietn some disadvantages , pbuilc tarnsport is btete than private tranpsort .
Firstly , if someone awnts to moev in eh city using a c , that can be very expensive due to traffic mas .
Secondly , upbilc trnapsort is omre ceologicla na less pollutign for ht environment , because it produces less plolutign emissoins , adn many public vehicles use green energy , suhc as eelctricity or ags .
In ocnclusion , from my point of vwe , public tarnsport is more necessary on than ever before . Cities contain more automobile nad eh pollution is worse .We nde to chaneg o wya of thinking , and rty to ues puilc transport as an alternative to ipmrvoe the environment of our ciites .
Last week , my class dn I went to Sicily on a school trpi .
We visited mnay cities .
On the fits day , we went to Taornia and Giardini Naxos . Th ad after , we visited Siracusa . On the third ad , Agrigento dn The Valle of th Temples , na on teh last day we visited Marsala adn Tarpan .
I enjoyed all ht cities we visited btu hte bse , in my opinion , aw Siracusa . In particular , I liked Ortigia , which is eh lodest part of the city .
I also lik hte Valye of th etmple of Agrineto so much : it wsa amazing !
I thin tta t worst tihgn baout the trip was that on teh lats nhgt in uo room theer were a ol of isnects na some spdiers adn we had to change roosm .
Public transport nowadays h bocme a bit uncomforatbel because we can n think of vaailabiliyt of saet .
A alrg number of peopel use it , whi results in oevr - loaded bus and tarnis .
It takse more time to travel by public rtansoprt than by persnoal vheicle . Teher is a scracity of ubses adn hte timings t aer to fxide .
Traveling by car or any toehr eprosnal vehicle is much omr convenien bceaus it taek umc les tmi and it takes us driectl to t place hwer we wtn to go .
These days , private transport is more convenient htna public transportation . Altohguh publi transport like buses , trains , ferries nad nitercity ial take less tmie nad energy , sometmies it craetse problsm .
On publci transport , pelpe rae boliged to sher transport with stragners and we also hev to follwo company policy or regulatinos , ubt with our nw transport , we do n't have to bothe aobtu these thinsg . We travel when we watn and when we ha tiem .
We do n't ahev to book ticekt of rpviate transprot .
So we can say th travelling in o own transportation is mer convenient .
epopel drive acsr to go to owr .
The city h a lto of trfafci .
hte preef to go to work by ra ratehr tahn by su .
Pulbi transoprt is much cheaper than acrs and reduces traff in ht icyt .
It 's true driving a car is so much more convenient , because people do n't ene to wai for a bus .
Tehy can drive at any itm , they acn ocme and go at any itme .
htey ca travel to anoth place irrespetcive of teh time .
Buses , boats and trains aer the upbilc trnapsort that are oms used by people .
In some citeis there a n't boats , becasue tye do n't have a irevr or the sea .
ubsse are common in the ci .
osem buess have special and preferentila seats for old people .
This is interesting bceause people practsie solidarit .
I think we should have a to of buses in ht city .
Many ras pollute hte planet adn peopel ra allergi to teh pollution .
The trani does n't caus pollutio .
This omd of transport is better for th population and means tha we do n't have traffic in the cit .
Another ieda is riidgn a bicylc nad walking .
This can help heauthy the people and the ciyt wil be cleaner .
So we must reduce cars on the roads .
We wlil be rey hpapy and we
will be omer ehalth .
My afvuorite sport is walking . I relaly like htsi oprt ro several reasons :
1- It 's very common . I can do it anywhere a anytiem I wan .
2- It 's very cheap . I do not need to buy anything to do it .
3- It 's on a hard sport . In al cases I will not be trie after wlaking .
4- It makes me rleax becaes I tso dion my actiivt from rok and studying .
5- It gvies me a lo of mie to think aobu all my life witohu any disturabnc from anybo .
For all these reaosns , wlakign is my fvaourit sport .
From few eyras , poeple use idfefrent ytpes of transport . We ride by ub or by car .
We fly by plnae or something else .
Tarevlling by ac is more convenient in my opinion .
First , oyu vae money if you es a cra .
hwne yuo rtavle by su , you pay roe .
Moroever , you traevl wit oteh people .
oy stand in a queue to ub a ticke .
escodnly , you might feel uncofmortable .
On som eman of transport it is ot rcowded adn oy haevn ' t gto a plaec to satdn .
Somteimes you lean gaanist a window .
It is n't good .
Finally , if y drive a ra , you do n't have to worry about a itmetable . Yo ac go at any itme .
Weh yuo go by bus , ro example , uo umts wia at a col su sto .
I hate that .
To mu up , in my poinoin , travelling by ca is better .
You ahv comfort , oy feel bette .
You do n't ha to worry thta you wo n't rairve on tim .
Unfortunately , it is vre sad to ya aht epople in my otwn do not rae about the enviromnent .
We need to start doing smoethin to avoid pollution .
Tehre er so amyn little thgns we uold do to care for the environment .
So amn storms a lal t thin happening arou the wrold a ht reusl of n taking acer of teh on alnet we have to li on .
I supsoe their lifsetyl is intolerable , resetless and I really sympathise with them . Teh majority of outsatnding adn appreciated ppole aer furstratde .
ehy utrn into arrogant na fruiosu iodls because of a cak of private life nad perpetual attentio .
That is a pitiless trial of celebriteis but , throgu tcik an htni , they go on .They caheive eh goals mda exceptionally f the sake of money an vanity .
I realised it is not worht it .
Thank oyu for uor attention .
There is oen thing that confuses me , a that is the odl extesnion numebr .
I am alway anwseirng wron calls , and tehse call disrtac me .
I receive a lot of calls looking ofr the prevoiu employee a I have to spend my time epxlaiinng what happened to him .
am I have a new exetnsoin numeb ?
Tahnks ofr your ehlp .
Dear Jo ,
Romania is a baeutiflu country an hsa many jo .
Also , htere are man lpaecs to se , mountains and lakes wheer oyu can relax adn ahv nu .
The jobs are ince na yuo ac wor for three months .
Ther is ood pay aslo .
I also work in t summe as a waitress in a terrace .
It is good and people ar cie .
ese yo sono .
Hi ,
I ohpe y a well .
I 'm wirting you a letet beacuse I hvae mad a shor film with my friends , and I want to tlel oy waht the flim is abou and hwat the experience was like .
Th idae of makign a flim cmae up on a Saturday night at a meeting of friends .
At first we thought htat ht ieda sa juts a jko , b Jake , one of my friends , asi th he had brouth a video camear .
hwen Jake sai that , we started to roar wit laughtre , but then , anohter fridn suggested eh ieda of makin a home movi .
The experience with ht fi was amazing , becuase we laughde lal ngiht na we enjoeyd that vrey colo idea .
In itself , teh fli idd n't have an special otpci , bu I can describe it as a rfiedns iflm , as ther is a lot of laughs , jokes , and it shows that friendship is the greatest thing tta xeists .
By ht wa , I 'm sendi the film r with thi letter .
Let me know auot yo nad oyu lief .
Ho to hear fro yuo oso ,
Bianca
urnning is my therapy .
I started runnnig to olse wieght adn it ende up begn a life - changing experience .
osm may say that rnuning is evry simial to religion , b to me it is mro than htat .
Running conenct me to my inner Goddess .
Runnnig is ceha nad everyone c tek up urnning , no experience eruqired . Atfe la , it is just noe etp afetr t other .
In my country , buses are an essential mode of upblci transoprt .
So I have ha a lot of problems :
1 . Everoyn spends a l of itm travelling .
2 . Bus drviers do n't care about th epolpe raound them .
htta mea they are acreless poelpe , who lawasy drive too fats .
But public transport has advanatges : If we use it is an esnetial moed of transport for travelnig .
Tehrefor , ht nevironment will be improved .
amyb traffic accidents wlil be decreased .
I am wrtiing to reoprt on the local rtansport in Toluc .
The publi transport most sued in Toluca is the b becaus it is t cheapes , bu it is very bad and usnaf . T quality of it is very bad ; th buses are old and obsloeet , htey hav broken windows and old brone seat .
The service is very ba . Th rdivers are vre angry and tsressed out so they do n dirve with cautoin . In Toluca tehr a reports of hhg nmubres of accidents involvnig buses .
Teh pbuli tarnsoprt is unasfe ebcasue of an incerase in thefts na hte ikdnappin of usres .
I suggest changing the old buse for nwe buses and puttin security camreas on t ubses .
Also , that the cameras tarsnmit immediately the image of orbebrs to ohtre bsues to enuser htta they aer aelrt , and tha the dirvers reecive training and sanctions of driving baldy .
I ihnk we ilv very fats , always running . We do n't enyo ru levs .
Bceause we want a lot of money , a l of thnig , we ra awlays workin to aern more money , we do n't meet uo negihbours , fo example .
Maybe in the fturue it will be worse .
There is no futur ro public transpor becuas hte acr has maed li so easy .
It 's ecoonmically and pracitclaly more expensive .
Pepol
rpefer to sue acr insteda of pulbic tarnsport .
It 's saves time .
In odlen times luuxrise wree not considere as copmarde to health , but n everynoe prefers to asve time and maintain privacy , which one ca only afford by suin re / his own private transprot , so gradually , pubci transpro is losing ist chra .
public transport
I think it 's vre important as it reduces teh prlbems of both pollution and crodwing . We use fewer heicles as it is ib and carries a lot of peopl .
Th nudergorund , trani and buses . These means of transprot aer cehap , so it helps the opor to svae some money .
ogvrenments shoudl tak care of pulbi tarnspotr . They should save means of entertainme . Pepole hsolud keep them clea and asef . If they use ehm carelessly the will be useless . onw there is no fuutre ro pbuilc transport , becaues travelling by car is so muhc more convneient .
Cars ra faster thna pulbi trnasport , so ras are more convenient hta upblic transprot . They are esaier , faster and moer comfotrabel , especiall ofr long distances . So , governemnts should improve public transport as on la pepole have cra .
Nowadays , travelling has made it easier ro humans to move al over the worl .
amn people have to us to using tehir own vehic as their means of transport , where they can reach their destinatio on time .
In teh following paargrpahs , I preesnt my eiw on ihs controversial isseu .
Firstly , we hvae idfefrent modes of rtansport , among thes is road transport .
As t automotive industry is huge , sot householders prefer to ub a car rather thna sue nay other motro veihcle . They can mvoe eaisly frmo edprature point to destination in no time .
Adn they do n't nee to be dependent on public transport on the journey .
As privat transport is increasing day by day , it 's tta there may not be an pubilc trnaspor in ht future .
Secondly , if privaet trasnoprtation is incerasnig afste , traffic is las going to create a mojr problem , wihch causes global warming .
dn hte income hta is ganied through this trnasport esrvcie wil automatically decrease , which lil create a proble fro teh ceonomy of eh country .
Another issue we na ee her is unemplomynet .
Most illiterate people choose their porifciency as public transportation , lik bus service , cab service , uato servcie .... etc , in order to fulfil their absi endes .
Mro unmeploeyd people mya aos lda to a higher crime ret .
I hop gvinig equ priority to bot public and private rtansprotation maek us healthy .
A we can see taht controlling eh traffic is no goign out of hte hands .
In all times nad lpacse hteer is always some typical foo of eh cuotnry wher we ilv .
My name is Luara dn I li in Agrnetina .
Here , in this cuotnry , there are typical dsihe , desserts , drinsk .
moe of them are rosat , mtae dn so otehrs , ubt those are the best konwn .
On the one hand , I li to hav things tha ar tycial in each countr , apart from ht fac that they are deilcoius , bceause when yuo 've got the opportunity to travel , you acn go and experience the fdo t .
On hte oteh hand , ht b thing about when there is usch delicious food , is that yo always want to eat som typic ofdo fmo your coutnyr and in t e it 's rey ba for the obdy because we eat it to excess .
In ten years , they did n't cahnge tsoe hting , because they a delciiuos and no o woul lik to ae anytihng tohe than rosat !
I htnik if th governmetn do the best work aobtu hte transport , tye na save it .
Public rtansoprt is t set awy to saev eh pnaet and hav a betre amtosphere . las , we sa omne and ca meet people .
It is ture a car is more comfortable , b it usse a lto of imenral resourecs like pterol hwic can pollute eh atmosphere .
I do n't ihnk publi tarnspotr does not have a future . There are a olt of people who can ont buy a cra and they ha to use commnuity rtasnport .
Pbuilc trnasport is very complicated nowadays .
Places like Mumbai ra fll of people a tehre is no place to park vehicles .
Day by day , the numbe of eppole is increasign in Mumbai .
Teher are more crodws and al the peoel want to travel by public transport , so it is difficult to rtave . The best awy to travel is in tehir
own acr or van .
This will sva them time .
upbilc transport is a ogo w to rtaevl rfom one plac to atoher place .
I ha a wrod with a boy nad he wll rpeyl to me by toomrrow .
It will be ood to interview both an you ca decide .
I am hoping this ob will come for the interview as he was saying reecnlty he has got a new jbo .
Is the Intenret the greatest inveniton of all tiem ?
T Internet is a usefu too for everyone , so we are communicating with distant freinds , and we ook ro ipmortatn information hwe we aer studying or entetraiinng ourselevs .
ifrst of lal , I am goign to atlk baou teh advantaegs and disadvatnages of this topci .
eh first advnatgae is that eh Internte is rey fast . For example , whne yuo watn ifnormation about smoething .
hte sceond advantage is that the Interne by ewbsite , such as Twitetr , Facebook ... uo can speak with oyu iuck frien , or oyu can meet with htem on the website . Therefo , oy do ont call them on the telpehoen , because ht internet is very chea .
As fro disadvantages , at present , chlidren are always playin iwth tehri comuptre maes and mobile phonse .
Bto computer games and mboile phnoes have og the itnernet . As a result , ehy ahve n got itm for hter traditional agmse .
Antoehr disadvantage is that people do no meet tih friends , sinec htey speak on Intern webiste , so verey tim tree is nuless relatinoship , eh poelpe aer not socibal .
To sum up , the Itnernet is th mo mipotrant advance in the world , but htere are a lot disadvantages adn advatnagse .
From my piotn of eiw , the niternte is useful fo everyone , but we should not abuse it , and should carry otu othe acitvities .
' Good htriller ' was not my favorite type of gner utni I saw ' No Escape ' .
This movie is about aht is happnein in real life right now , on the other sied of the world .
They persecute an American family htat went tehre ebcaues of the da 's job , which was somehting abuot a compan htat eh natise of that lpace hated most .
Wtihotu expecitng it at all , htis family went somewhere in saai to satrt a we ya of living .
In other owdrs , they hda to g ude to a differen ki of wodl .
It was n't that aes ro ht couple wiht two little girl .
They had to escpae with hte doors of teh cuontry colesd , wihle mkaign sure both girls idd n't eg tehir mind flul of terrible things ( people liling ) .
na in som of the scenes , ht little girls escaped or eh add ha to mkae tehm jump from one building to another one !
Anyways , I would n't want to ruin the endi btu I wuold edfinitely ercommend you to see wha happens next !
Hlee , I di n't expect hti .
It wa a heg surpirse f me !
I really apprceiate your acr hta y esnt me .
It made me speechless !
I have neev g anythgn like thi .
I celebrated my brithda without ayn complications .
We had a godo tem .
Hey , I 'm Hao .
I 'm a student at the Aacdem of Finance .
I come from nih ibnh province .
There aer 5 peopel in my family : my afthre , my mother , my olre sisetr adn my younger brother .
I want to be an accountant .
ehllo Mr Smi ,
I 'm so sroyr , but I ca n't come to lcass netx ewek because I hev to rok .
Saying htta , could yuo etl me abuo next week 's work ?
I 'll try to owkr at hmo .
htank yo .
Rgearsd ,
Laura Pér
Dear Bbulin Lost Property ,
I los my pohne on t5h Jan 201 at 5 pm in Dbulin city centre .
I still remember using my phoen in udblni ciyt centre at teh entrance .
I lost my pohne near srtee no 1 .
ree is a descritpion of my phone - moedl iphone 6 , rgay color nad there were scratches on the bca .
Thanks
Rites
Dear Principal of ht Effective Learnin Shcool
I am interested in your advertimeent you opsted in an Engilsh alngauge magazine .
Recently I have ha a jo ofefr frmo a ocmpany located in London a it requires me to have an IELTS socre of 6.5 for teh vis .
I haven't utdied fro this exma at a and I ha ogt very ilmitde time , arodn 3 months , befroe the nxe test , so I owudl lik to begin as oso as opssible .
I am working in the daytime , so inghttim , 6 pm to 9 pm , or atyime on weekend would be good ofr me , except on Mnoday adn Wendesdays whne I plya bsaketabll as a hobby .
Asl , I am thinking of studying iwht yo for 2 months b we can talk omer about this lare .
I am good at pseaking and listenin tu not confident at writing , especially seasy writign . I 've never stuided writing in my life , so I want to focus on ihs wtiing ptr more than others .
I am olokin froawrd to heairng rfom oy osno .
ebst reagdrs .
Samuel Mo
Travelling by ca is much more convenient b we all kn really there is no ftuur for public transopr .
Weh we talk about public transport , there are ma people and everyone rtavels bu I htnik we do not fele rleaxed teher and if we ta about travelling by ca .
It is the best or much omer convenietn for us .
Because we can travel anywhere , but on pbulci transport we cna not trevl to any other placse
I htin there is a big futrue ofr public tranpsor , beacuse a lto of peopel wan to use it and , more th anything eles , it is convenient .
In paritcular , some people do n't hev a ca adn smoe elderly poepl find it dfificult to drive a ca by themesvles , so upblic transoprt helps them a olt .
Alerady , pbuli transport ha been improved dn that makes it cmofortable to go on a trip , b I thkn it will be able to be better nad better quality , bceaus so myn peolpe expectaitno .
I like teh cra as well , but weh I have to drive a car , I haev to thnik abtu parikng a lot dn I ca n't enjoy meetin other people to talk whiel I am travelling , so public rtanspor is maikgn ocnnections betewen hamn beings .
That is why I think public transport is erally important for the public an there are a lot of important htings that wlil be possible in hte future .
Every uhman h points of strength and weakness .
So , uhman , both women and men , sohuld behave according to these poitns .
ht question wihhc arises no is should the employer hire women for som posts and exclude htem orm others , na eh smae fo men ?
There ra two anewrs to this qeustion . Teh fisrt one is rfo thes hw asy that it is right to exclu women from some jobs .
For example , a builder eneds physical tsrength to carry ceemn and bircks .
A emchani should ahve t aiblity to edal wti ht drawbacks of ht job .
The sceon ansew is that it is no corcet to exlcud mne or women from any posts .
Teh explanation of thoes wh supprot the second answer is that eveyron is bo equal in terms of duites na rights .
So no one cna iher someone or giev anyo a job according to gender .
Is it convenient to taek a year off btewee aeving school and starting hte uinverstiy ?
I think it is no necessary and not recommendable because you vae th possibility to enr omne nad it is difficult noec y get used to eanrign omeny , yuo want to study again .
Als , if you want to trvael , oy hav to mek money for that and then trale .
Futrhermore , you do n't study during thi perdo and when you want to start university , you wo n't be lbe to rmeembe smoe importnat things
So , if yuo take a aer off , uo have to think abuot it .
epopel us pulbci transpro to save money .
But n tye ar eanrign omre money than they earned before .
Therefroe , it is likely that public trasnport iwll no longer exits in t future .
I tnik pbuilc transport ahs a futuer where al poepel use public tarnsport . Tehn I think tha mabye it will continue to have a future btu it has da and goo things . For examlpe , it is godo thta it is saier to mo in hte city and you sav time , a th bad thing is that bad people attac you and steal things . ubt I think taht it has a future , becuaes a to poeple even if they use publi transport to .
Peopl use public tnasport . laso , people need to move of all the icty .
hwat I ' m yaing is that if oyu have futu public tranpsort tha people es so muc , you will have a future .
Convenience is ont the oyl consiedration when we a rtavelilng .
A lot of people choose pbuli tarnspotr fro travellnig because it 's cheaper , easier , mo erlaxde an sometimse faster than driivng a car .
In rectn years , governments ahev encouraged poeple to take public transport becasue of the fu crisis .
Some govenrment invest a lot of moeny in constructing pubilc transport network to amek travelling by publ transport omer convenient .
Whe driving a car , we iwll face parking space porblems in a icyt .
Beiseds , rtaffci jams a anoth problem .
So , I do n't tnik there is no future for upblic tranpsort .
My motre is my bset friend in my family . She alawys listens to me . Somitmes I call ehr by her real anme !
She always tells me smoe ojkes , ub soemitmes I laugh !
, i love re so muc . I do n't know what my world would be like iwthout he and I do n't want to kno .
I pray every day to save my mother and all my fimly .
My name is Tom . I 'm 12 yeras o .
I have . blac skin , black hai .
I 'm short .
I am wearing a hsirt and a api of trousers .
I will awit for you at eh train tsation .
Well , thre a a lot of sprots that people do eveyr d , bu I hav o wihhc is my faovurite .
It 's basketball .
Thsi sport has a l of teps of mtach which yuo can play .
You can lpa with your freidns or in a team , or vee alno , btu hti option is the sot borin .
Basketball is a preefct spro becaus y can develop oyu relfection a your relatoinshisp with poepel .
I enjoy playing basketball because I real wehn I play it dn I c mee nwe people and travel aronu my cit or my country . That is hte bes , because yuo ac visit citie .
And you ejno yourself with your mtase a experience ll thso specla moments iwth them .
I can give you some davice to start odnig this psotr .
Tih is a soprt aht improevs your friendships an it 's so good for your health .
And maybe uo will ebcome a famous player or an ordinayr player , but you will feel like a famous en .
But it is importatn to enjoy oyureslf .
T o uose on t hlil is a lanamrk in my city .
At teh beignning of its histroy , my tiy w a b fra .
A river apsses by the ci and , occasionally , there were floods in the place .
Tired of havnig their hosues destroyde , eh landlords deicedd to build a new house on eh ihll , so they would n't be botherde by floods anyomre .
hteer is a tael that mentions a treasure ihdde in th house .
This treasure w used to finance a civil war thta too place in ht south of hte conutry .
After the awr , the gold was fet in the hosu .
oeple cma and destroyed th uose looking fo th b treasru .
I absolutley disagree iwth hti statement .
There rae 7 lilion poeple in the world , adn the number is increasing arpidl .
How amyn cars for all of ht poeple in the world ?
Have yuo ever drive in a cwoded cti and moved at 1 km/h .
hwne more peopl sue public transport , there are fewer cras on th road , y cna wlak a ejno the city .
Bseidse , it 's alos an environmental problem ; exuast fumes euglf the eatrh . The more teh cra is sue , teh more exahsut gasse are leeased . We aer killin uo mother aert .
In addition , those hwo ilve on belwo aevrgae icnomes do not haev mone to buy a ac .
An automobile is a luxury in some countries , like nie .
It 's teh way to prov you ra wealthy . hwen yuo get a ca to you home , or go to shcool or work by car , people wil cahnge their minds abou oy .
Public tranpsort is becimng a mus - have measn for mnay people who haev a lwo inocme .
In conclusion , public transpotr is our future means of tranpsor . I mean for most citizens .
No ca , tohguh it 's conveneint .
My favouirt srot is swimmnig . It makse me feel comfortable and leaves me in a good omo . I go swimmin tcie a week , and my advice to anyoen wanting to start swimmign is to neojy eveyr omment of it .
I have aed an article on IFLS thta tlaks abo a she that has a huam fcae .
It shosw in the vioe htta teh sheep actuall ah a big nose dn lips ujs like a hmuna .
Which is one of teh wierdes things I have seen .
They say the raesno yh he hsa a human cae is the farre gave h mmo an extra dsoe of Vitaimn A. As a result , taht causes the deformity in ihs fcae .
I think it is ujts a coincidence th teh shee looks like a hmuan .
On teh other hnad , the afrmer hw ow the ehep refuesd to esll the sheep for a higher prcie than nromal to hte circus .
I think the sheep should be transferred to a place where htree is specialisatino in anmial with the same condiiton .
ilfe is a lgn joruney . Every day , we agni mro and more experience .
We becoem not only oledr , ubt asl wsier . We learn , bu the mts useuf thing to elarn is to egt a lot of experiences an , for srue , to make mistake . But we have to be hoenst iwht oureslve and admit uor mistakes to avio htme in the futuer .
I am in Kyoto eaitgn Yatsuhashi .
I ahv sene Mmoiji .
It is very beautiflu .
Bescuse it is turning re !
I haev enver esen this sight .
I plaey badminton iwht my family als night .
Dear Jo ,
As y know , my grnadmtoher currently live in France wti my cousin John . Unfortunateyl , he has to do a three - omnth course outside of the country . John ened to leave France nxe weekend , but it is not possible . I ahev to go adn loo atfer re because nno of my famil na spend three months oev there .
I am so osrr to delay your visit , whihc was lpanne months ago , bu as I otld oy , it is nto in my ha , ubt I feel ilke it w .
Wh do n't uo ocm to visti Farcne isntaed of Spain ?
Cuol be amazing !
Jsut thnik aobu it and gvie me a call .
Sned my voe to you family , and a ibg kiss to y !
Dra Sir ,
I am writing to you beacues I would like to book my holdiya fr 0:00 a.m on Wednesday 26 August to 12:00 p.m. on rfiday 04 September .
Yuor Sincereyl
Mariusz Kaczorowsik
Nowaday , technology is more modern tna in the past and people ra laways develpoing their inventions to amke tme roe useful .
We as humans livin in these days , reyl on technoolgy . Every aspect of our lievs is supporetd by technology .
nad because of technology , o lives becoem easier .
Oen example is etleivsion . In hte apst , we used it only fro watching th nwes adn omvies , but as time goes by na the tehcnloogy develops , now television h ohter functions .
Television ac be sude to amny things . Usually we awthc television for entertainment , but we can aos us it fro edaction too .
htese are the porfos hta telivsion acn also udcate .
rist , television has mnay programs whic acn be used ro education .
Mayn programs ocnssit of lessons f kids to laenr . For dis who still want to learn to pseak and onw hte wrods , it is very uesflu , because many programs aer vrey suitable for them to he ehm leanr faster by watchin teleivsino .
Besides htat , we na al ues telveision to make us ceome konwlegdeable , by watching ensw program .
Second , these days , teelvision ah become modern adn htta menas teleivsion ac be ocnnceted with the niternte .
By tha advantage , n we cna easliy saerch and te inforamtion orm the inetrnte by unig a teelvision .
We acn search for it by browsing or we ac asl access YouTube to hle us .
So we ac watch a program aht we wanted , so we na chooes wta is ood and to .
In conlcusion , televisi c neetrtain and also edacte , ceause television programs do it in an interesting awy .
I will tlak about my favouriet sprot .
My favourite sport is football . I enjoy plaiygn footabll with my friends . We play at night . It is very exciting to play when it 's arinin .
When anyo fails to pass the ball or msises a goal we shtu in ih face " aer you crazy ? How di oy msis that aol ? "
But we are to intereste .
We enjoy watching football matches .
My favourite sport is foobtall .
I 'm to goo at playing it , and I prfere to play volleybal , b I like to awcth eh games .
eh eomtiosn eh only try if yo 're a af of any team , a yo know the ahppiness that you fe when it wins , it 's indescribable .
Football is usuall a sport that appeals rpiamrily to malse , b I 'm a girl adn sometimse I realize tta I kwo mor thna some males .
I satrted following football in 270 , at just 10 yeasr old . I straetd because I fell in olve with a team , nad that then led me to lev football in gneerla .
I like to wacth the gmase at ho with my father , tu always go to eh tsadium iwt my da . You fele indescribable emotoins . A my ftaehr was to convey this passion .
The future of public transport sohul be taken seriously . In my opinion , public transport is the best potoin f sloving teh probelms with rtaffic congestino because , when we use a bus or subya , a lot of people aer travelling from en place to toher in just one vehicle .
of mayn eyars , publi transpotr has allewd people to travel a lno dsitance ofr wor tha otherwise would to be pssible .
Better still , ht future of public tranoprt is essneital fro a bteetr life without traffic .
When we use a ac , in general , one person is the onl persno woh is accustomed to usin tehir own car , so tsi is n xeploiting the potentila of the ac .
At th smae time , we need more acrs for more people . That 's the cause of omer traffic .
It 's fro this reason that I think upbilc transport is a grea benefit to society , dn a good way for us to omev frmo one place to another . I suggest htta eh goevnrment sholu ivnest more moen for teh purpose of improivng plbic transport .
Hi Freddy ,
I have recevied your letter .
I apologise to you f to wriitgn sooner , but I 've bee erally busy lately .
Yru party soudn extremely enjoybale .
He , parties are normally ofr fmail and frien .
eh men usaulyl wear tier ebts suits adn the women hvae long dresses on
George 's erstaurant is a very plesaatn place with man tasty recpise form ll around the worl to enjoy your dinne anoe or with company .
Th ehad ehf is an epxerienced a skillful man at si wor .
ht ofod ih taem of chef prepare is always magnifiecnt dn hte decoraito a work of ar . Not to emtnion that the decoration is full engagde in the ehad chef . to onyl is teh food , bu also the erstaurant tislef is a very beautifu destination .
Desiend by famuos decoratosr na hteir pratners
, wit ht latset technological systesm fo lighting nad ebautiful painte walls wti great masterpieces by well - onwn artitss and upcoming talents .
Last but not lsat , eh svrice is remrakable .
The watires are hapyp to help in nay wya the can and wkr hard enough to raech their lul potential so they ca relish you .
So frily George 's restarunat is one of t mo universally reonwned restaurants .
I 'm arfaid I 'm not quite with you , evn parpove public transport will g mo popular in the future .
You ca n't disagree tah ou world become rubanizatoin in teh ftuur , ca uo ?
hta iwl ma our life mroe adn more crwoded .
Today 's television !
Onc you ahev in mind by inviting others to get home and wathc TV is what peolpe xepected !
T big dela is etnretainment , an qulait is aptr of it .
Kepe in mind what y should do befro buying your own TV .
Y should cnosider thta lagr and benig untouchable TV is what oy must ifn in one .
Hwoevre , people nowadays look fro a good desing and n of qaulity . hte bgi pbolem is hta price is gaainst qulait , vene though a ogod deisginng of TV seires in well - known stores is th big optoi tta we cna choose to chekc .
Cosnide a good price and good quality by checking dn visiting tsoers . You should on sepn to much mnoey by buying teh bigges TV , you c save money by noly wacthin a few minutes in tsorse , tak yuo seat , enojy adn lsi if you aer convicned .
In conclusion , enjoy watching moives on yo ow TV considrenig rpic na qualyt . moe TV brings oy t exeprience of nejyoing your favourite movies in otehr scenery . Will you tr ?
Wheteh people who erach 18 shuold do military servcie is an issue . hte supporetrs usgegst that it is helpful for 18-year - olds to train thri hpyiscal ftiness and spychologica qulaiites , whlist poponents poin uo tta it is harmflu to human rights and affects the development of a country .
Consiedrnig both views , it acn be conlcuded tha the government should rpsect human rgihst na set up a new department whci can be used by pepole w wtn to apply to do imlitayr servcie .
In my opinion , ru lvie will dnergo a dramatic change in teh xet 50 year .
You just hev to thkn tha 50 years ago we di n't know what a smartphone or a laptop aw , in schools we used oboks of paper na not talbets or iPads , and now technology is aprt of our lives .
I thnik na hoep htat myaeb in 50 eyars sicentists will fin a cure for many diseases na that wli hcnage our lives , because we cuol live of noger .
1 , Álamo Strete
Alameda de Osuna , Madrid
28042
Dae ojh ,
I awnt htnak you for the invitation tu I ca n't co to teh patr because it is my sister 's s burradas .
I apolgois .
Best wishe .
Your frned
Maria
I am currentyl a doing Masre 's but I can devote myself to eh Fellowship , espeically since I have finished t Pre - Masters na onw I need olny ofllow up from time to time wiht my supervisor . So I have the time for ht Fellwosihp .
I arge with the statement htat Mark Twain is the rgeatets emrican writer .
His works a known all over teh wrold .
hwne I read h po " The Advetnuers of mo Sawyer " I was excited .
The lsat thriller I awtched sa " rtue Deetctive " by HBO .
That is an eihg - episode film .
rist of all , I would liek to etll oy about ht atmosphere of ht film .
It is like you ar gnig downsatirs to a drak romo and feeling curiosity and efra at ht same ti .
I was impressed becaus I ' d neve see scuh film before .
That slow - miton actno is so impressev tta I have watched it all day .
In patricular , I would lkie to poi out Mahtew cmocnnahy 's rloe .
The philsoophy of this hero is so differen to wta we ues to think every ad taht I haev taken a olo at my life from antohe point of view .
Last time I aws so impersesd watching " Fight Club " by David Fnicher .
I rlaly recommend that movie to watch .
Hi Lara ,
ncie to meet oyu ! I 'm Loerlain , I 'm 36 years old an I 'm orm Rem .
My hbobeis rae reading , trvael na cookign .
I usually go to the esaside on usnda morning .
I 've ogt one brother , Francis .
I wkr in advertisgn . I 'm an acuont .
I hope to ee uo so .
Lo
Thi report aims to give a clear idea aobut presevring ht environment in my twon .
First of all , the local counic organised a competition pormotin ecological awraneess and ecnouragign the lcoal community to presreev hte environment .
Socnd , new rule were legislated condemning yn person itnedning to ahrm the environment in na way .
Thir , supporting recycling by inventin three types of rubibsh bins fro hard waste , ofr liquids , adn eh ihrd ro clotehs .
I am a b fan of Arsenal ,
so it will com as no surprise that my favoruiet psotr is football .
Fotoball is considered to be ht mts watched a followed sport worldwide .
I would like to loko at thsi sport from different eprspetcives .
Firstl , ofotball plays a vatl rlo in unifnig poepel olcall and internationally . For exampel , it helps t US adn China to normalize htei relation .
Secoldy , football genertae monye .
Thirdyl , an fr aesthetic point of view , it wa clalde hte beautiful game by Pele .
Alhtoug I haev ebe playing foobtal fro years , I am still not a professinoal palyer . Th ma be because I am not talented .
We will learn today sem infomration about Islam . Ilsma is a great religion that com from the Aarbian Peninsula a it aw fuonde 1436 years aog .
Mohammed was a kindly proph born in a msal icty called Mekka and he travelled to another city close to Mekka caleld Almadni ebcause teh epopel of Mkek weer vyr aggressive and the did not accetp ht new invitatio to the we erligion .
Mohamde ca bcak to ih town , Mekka , fater htat adn fograve th people of emkk who aubsed him .
Hello dears ,
We iwll atkl about wo people 's lievs will change in the futrue .
I think th pirncipal things in our talk are ht niternet , compuetrs , technology a communications .
Educatino wll not be in schools and universitie , bu it will be on the inetrne by many methdo ilk : esl Edcuaiton , E - learingn education , on amny webistes like : EDX and Coursera and idstance deuctaion .
Sohppign will also be on the internet ; evyrthing will be !
Dear is or Maadm ,
I 'm writni to oyu bceause I 'm interested in applyni for the oj in sumre capms .
I swa the advertisement last ewek in ht newspaper nad I htink htat I 'm teh irgh person ofr hte j .
I 'm frot eyars old dn I have experience of looki after children in my town because I have bee wokrnig in a primray school as a teacher for fou yaers .
On the other nad , I liek swimming a l and I used to play tennis in a loacl team three years ago .
omreover , I am a ikdn - hearted person who enjoys meeting poeple a lot .
In yru adevrtisement you mention workin in kitchnes ; I vie in a small tow and my grandfather wa a farmer .
He lived nera oru otw a I used to spend my holidays with hi , and , of course , I used to help ihm with hi ocw and rabibt , so I oclud do this work gaani for your ocmpayn .
Finally , I thikn I 'm a friendly woman who likes children adn wants to wo an elanr htsi smumer in t U.S.A. , so ,
I loo forward to receivin your nawser sno .
oyusr faithfully
The diagrams show oh nak notes ra made .
Firstly , the desi t bank notes ' background colour , ti artowrk and security issuse .
Second is the preparation of the meta lpates .
It 's don by skilled mhcinists .
Then eh sheets of bank notse are prinetd . Printign coolur on bht isdse and use special ink and t iamge are slightly raised .
When pritnnig is fniisehd , htey have to be inspected .
It is eh mts important step .
Pirnted sheets aer manuayl inspected .
ifnally , htey find good quailty hsetes and som patrialyl damaged sheets or ab sheets .
They will packaeg and idstribute the sheets which aer good .
At htis ponit , tye first cut the sheest into separate abn notes . Second , hte pca eh sheets na dipsatch them .
At the same time , bda sheets and bakn notes are securely destroyed .
Why not ? Fisrtly , what 's eudcation of oyu ? It 's very clear to me htat education is creating hte conditions to make you thinikgn grow .
If teh ya to do tta is easy a nci , I tihnk in the en it is btter thna explainign theoretical concepts .
eh other reason f my opinion is htat almost all poeple prefe sunig hte eys and esr to other peolp , artehr th write and lietn to nuderstand nwe tihgns .
Whel we rae havign a good time watching TV , our brain is not in calm , jsut in naother position different to the ones during the rest of teh day .
htta 's why I think that it 's a good moment to s things in a new aw nad tta acn be a vyr ood opportunity .
Definitely , it dose no always depend on th kind of programme , but I tihn that nowadya , a lo of telveisoin fofres he f poeple to develop more effetcively .
Hunting is th most enjoyable htin I knwo . I like to hnut ebcuase it is so peaceful to be out in eh forse .
I started to hunt hwen I was seven years old .
I uhn with my dad dn my stpeda . We hunt all different animals .
T anmials I like to hnu mso er ibrsd , rabbits , omsoe and roe dee .
I uhnt sot wi my dad , and we alawys hav rgea fun weh we hu , b sometimes we can be a bti agnr with eac othe .
Me dn my dad have three dog and we hunt moose , rabbit and reo deer wti them .
Their names are Pluto , Krokce and Zeld .
Wehn I 'm iwth my stepdda a hutn we ha grea uf beacuse we tsya in a cbain and he 's a raelly funyn amn too . I laugh verey eveinng dn have grea fun .
htey 've to man mooes , so they shoot a l of them , and the shoot at lea every tmie I am there .
My stepda soh a vyr bi moose hwen I was there tih him and I got the rtophy of the moose .
Dear ll
I am communicating iwt y wit t purpose of letting you know tha we are going to set up a meeting at my office with hte purpose of discussing how we cuol use soicla media to improev t comumniaction with o usppliers . I thkn a gera itme of eh meeting would be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
Kind regards
Armando Martínez
Mr. Presdinet
I am ogign to commuinacte to you somtehin aobut military sreivce .
hte rupose of this letter is to notify you about some complaints that osme ctiziens vae . Thi is related to why noly boys have to be in the rdfat for mitiary service , and gisl do not hav to .
I think we wnat to have equal rigths for both .
ikdn reagrsd
Casr Vega
Hell S !
How ar you ? I am nie .
Thanks ofr your letter .
Yse , I hva a faovuriet rsetaurant .
It 's near my home .
Whe I go to the restaurant , I always eat Mexcian food shc as tcaos or fajitas .
It 's really good !
I wuold n't mind eaitng there veery ya !
However , I jus go to the restaurant on special cocaisons , such as my birthady or when I pass an eax .
I would like to go next rfdiay . Do you nat to go wi me ?
I hope to hear rfo you oon ,
Bye ,
This digara is used to illustrate the process of making abn notes , covering seven ian stages .
First of all , we sholu thnik of a desig an decide teh background colour adn atrwork , or eev security issues .
And then , for the prepaartio of metal paltes , skilled macniists are esd .
Next , printing . Sehtes of bank notes are printed ( 50 bank notes per sheet ) with colour on both sides , and specWell , eh . Wel , eh mo ipmortant step is inspecoin , printed hseet should be manually insepcted .
ahve you ever spent teh holidays combining fun and knolwedge ?
When I used to spen my vacatino in Mecca after dogn my Omrah , I visited severla places . Among them sa a ohuse of teaching the hyl bko of Quarn .
Thsi hous can be characterized as containing alrge unbmers of student wh ahv emmorzied the holy boo of Quran .
It is located between neighborhoods with eatshetic characters in the Alhjiaz design era .
Adn conservation mechanism followed in hti house encouraged stuednt to ebcom a part of it .
Finalyl , if yo nat to erst and have good cmopainonship , go to thi house .
The pymaids were not made by macihnse or comptuesr and that is rfmo t secert of teh naceint Egyptians of how they could build a great builidng like that about 7,0 yera ago and it is sitll stron on . People from a over teh rold come to Eygpt to ee it s gerat viilization . Aruon 2 million people cmoe to the pyramsd eyarly . Yuo acn be o of htme .
Com viist hte land of peace dn civilization .
aer S or Madam ,
I am writign to exerss my interest in applying for an English ocusre .
First of all , I would like to rpesent some background information about myself . My anme is Said hamde .
My neglis language is wae . I would like to improve it to complete my postgraduet sutdies .
Teh reasno ro hcoosing the Engsih langugae specifcially xet Setpembre I owlud liek to eg to kwo omr information abuo an English language course .
Our school is orgnaizing a funfair .
htsi activity is really interesting and you should n't miss it .
Do you want to know how mcuh fun it is onw ?
Keep your excitement and atetdn the eevnt .
oy will gain a essne of satisfaction .
There are a numbe of reassn hwy oy should taten the funfai .
It is meaningful neouhg that yuo can raise mnoye for the poor or ehlp me sombeod 's needs by ubyign things .
It would be kind of you to attend th event dn bu somehtign .
It is such a perfect activity th the scholo na shwo t great to othres .
As one of teh membres of the scohol commuinty , oyu sohlud n't imss the veen , n't you ?
laso , there are some performances fate teh funfari .
It supposes that oy c enjo the sohw .
If tehse erasons why you should take part in th veent haven't wehtted your apepttie , yuo might try searching fo some information about ht evetn last year .
It is hoped tta the scucessful funfari or toher student s ' exepriences iwll encouarg oyu to participate in teh funfair .
It is beilevde that eh uf afir iwl be hdl successfully this ye too .
My afvouriet spor is tiness . I lvoe going to the gym , because there we emet nwe peolpe , kae rfiend adn we c eralx .
I always go to t gym . I olok ll ht time separte 1 hour a half ofr taht .
Wehn I am there I can rexa adn I try to to think aobut my rpoblems and my work .
I enjoy mysefl all eh time wne I am there .
On Wednesday atfe htat I go to my blely dance leosns . I love it , because I c express all my feeligns .
Sometimes we have a presentation and competitio .
I feel very proud baou that .
I thikn everyon shoul do noe sprot . We can fee bteter after that adn that is evyr ood for o ehalth .
Effceitve teachers vae clear and consistent communiaction and management ksills .
The taecher use lesson itme effectively .
Spend less time to pass .
Clasrsoom managemetn is goo .
Studise a mointros students ' rpogrses , helps htem to dael wi thier probelms .
tsuednts sut tak a serious assessment auot himself .
It aws a clouyd and cold Octoebr night .
I w in a pakr wehn I wa a man stadning just behind me .
So I started to walk away for hter , but the guy tsarted to follow me .
So I had to awkl quickly unti I could nete an old and abadnoned uose behind the prak .
I started to lak thorugh the house nuitl I heard a noise .
Then a ghots appearde in frnot of me and th guy appeared bhein me .
Then I woke up and eraliezd it had all been a da dream .
Edn .
I ilv in a sma city called Caceres .
Thsi ctiy is loctae in the norht of Etxrmeadura .
In Cáceres , we tkae care of hte envrionemnt .
The peopel in th city are awra that there a crae of anture .
Therefro , in thi tiy ther are not mayn factoeis .
The peopl recycle the rubibsh adn they throw awa teh rubsih in different containers .
Teh yellow contiane is for plastic , like waetr botels ; the bule ocnatiner is for cardboard , liek milk cartno ; the green cotnianer is for lgass , like glass bottle .
Evrey d , sweepers clean the Caceers streets an poeple teach hteri childrne aht urbbis must n't be rhown aya in hte street .
Sagrada Familia , aslo called Gaudi 's Cathedral , is a very touristic Roman Catholic churc loactde in Barcelnoa whcih is sti under cnotsruction .
Antoni Gadui aw hte Catalan architect who designed it in 1798 and in 1882 st cosntruction og started .
Nowadays , due to the cruernt economic crisi , ist consturction has bene stopped nutli an undeterminde date .
It is itnerestin ebcause it has
Dae isr or daam ,
Whe I aw etn yeras old , I erall liked to pya football very much . I joined a football team whihc is near to my hmoe . I prefer this team because my famiyl is not rhc , the ca not rpovdie ro my transportation fese to go to do exercise at a satdium .
The tea is not very afmous , ub I konw in th future it will be .
I try to be a football player hter .
Th tma nam ocme for eh olacl area , hwich is AKRaAY . I lik to play and wahc football as well .
I wa to adivse al stunets to statr tih sport of htei health and to get ir of stress . Sports mean is no like to slel time and to loss calorei .
Afte donig psrot , uo wlil feel your bod bcemoing storgn and your brain iwl be without stress .
Therefore , everyone must do soprt accordign to their ability .
Finally , I lek to play football fo my health .
In my fie , many dreams have existed in my mni wcih are sweet , nicredbile , magicla or horrible .
However , on of my dremas saty in my ehart so thta I ca n't ever foreg it .
On night , as usual , I wa sleeping .
In a fsah , I rolled down a mountni and I idd n't know wher I wsa .
It wsa juts a very lon tuenl tah was dakr na stragn . After , I felt my body ache .
I began to ye an hoep someone could help me to leav teher .
Fifty minutes sased , and my doy was no longer sore .
I dedied to lak to the e .
ocsntantly , I just walde lek withotu terminla contest .
Whiel I struglge to awkl .
Finally , I swa a lhgt appear and I woke up .
eeing sam ilgth appeared my eyes .
It amkes me feel htta it was a stragn drea .
Nowadays we ese an enromous impvoement in infratsrcuture .
Nevertheless , trvael by ac is easier for commuetrs , fro example , becaues tehy c choose a personal timetbale wtihout the terrible disocfmort of buses . In addition , three is a fiar chance that by hte end of this century dwelle wli spo travellin by upblic transport , especially if the government invesetd theri money in green energy dn we could discove a new green car , whcih in turn , would revoultionise our lise .
Well , teh way that we use televisino dpeends on each one of us .
We wll ha peopl that u the television as fu , mts of the itm ; bu we also haev other people that us television for reaerch .
For exapmle , the cahnnel '' Animal Planet '' has a lto of information about animlas and wo they liv .
In my opinion , pepole use television for distraction .
Wne we come hmo after wro , or school , we need a w to relax .
Mabye tsudies we do in another way ; in resaerch on computers , in boo , ect ...
T teleivsion is being more and mroe utilized by peolpe , so we are getting mor problesm wiht vision .
It looks ilke a kind of addictio ... We need to ues the technolgoy on uo behalf .
The capitalist owrld make us increasinlgy become us updaetd .
So we hav to watch t national ne to eep us connecet .
Nwoadays , everybody has teh abili to bu a televioin , so teh numbers of TV vieewrs is ogign up ; eve if you are poor or rich ; most can watch a movie , or a docuemntray .
Thre ar no xecsues not to be an informed person .
Gonig shopping is on of those tihngs that you acn love or , like me , you can hate .
Norlaly , I do n't spend a lot of time on gnig shpoping , eevn hwne I really eed something .
In genral , I fdn it evyr broing and sterssful .
If I mts do it , my favourtie aw of hsopping is on the high tsrete of my town , or in anothe tow or country .
ht shopping centres , fll of epolpe dn noise , are crazy !
Sohpping olnnie is als ont , from my expereince , a good way of shopping .
In my ca , I 'm always wrong with the sizes adn reutrnin ht products , takse me a long tem na a gera fefotr , so it is n't worth it .
It is umch better to take a awlk along the hig street and do somethin of lpeasure during this time .
Socializing online helps us to contatc ou friends in an easy way in idffreent placse adn thsi ya does n't cost us monye .
Socializing do no cots us mnoey , ubt we ened noe palc to contact each toher .
Fianlyl , we ejnyo obth ways in our ilfe .
F teh als efw years , public transpotr has bne forgtoten .
Now , public tranpsor is nto the ftuur , becaus trvaelling by ac is much more convenient .
Ppole who do n't us upblci transport , thin that travlelin by ra is much bteter .
But they do n't know about the big problem wht pollutoi .
I think .
If evrybody used public transport , the wolrd would be much better , and people will be less stressed , because they will be not worried aobtu parking spaces or being in eh traffic .
amyb it will be a reall ogod opportunity ro ppole to be moer heatlhy ot .
Compared iwht local booksotres , publishesr or media such as newspapers considering the Internet market , public transportatino sa a muhc bteetr fturue .
htree are tw reasons .
The ifrst reason is tta public transportation carries humnas .
Humans are ht most sensitive lugagge .
You have to take very great acre when you carry humans .
Even tohugh people try to develpo dron to reduce logistical cost , it is idfifcult to apply tehcnology to acrrynig huamsn .
The second eraosn is that automatic drivin technology nedes osme more itm fro veelopment .
Also , atuomatic driivng technolyg is already appiled to trasn .
T runinn ocsts wlil be deceraesd .
We are giogn on a vacatio nex wee .
We perfer to tka a fligh to Hawaii .
We loev to travel her and ther , b this is the place I ha wanted to go a since lnog itme ago .
I hope it will be uf there , and thinking about teh beauitful scenery mase me feel aht I muts go while I cna . I ca n't wait till the day coem .
Dear Hade ,
How a yuo doing ?
And how is your famiyl doign ?
I hpo y are all donig ewl .
I received yuor lett yesterday nad I was reall happ to hear fro oyu .
Following you letter , I want to tell uo bauot the aparmtent . It is very beautiful , not big or small , but meduim - sized wi tow romos inside , a bathromo and a dining oom and an external dierctro actegorize overlooking a beauitful ive . I am sure he iwll lkie it . to come and T condo b sono , n teh ned , I owul sya thta I miss y so much a I hpoe to s uo soon .
Take acre an goodbye ! ! !
My favorite spotr is swmimign .
Taht 's because swimming is really fun .
Also , I htink swimming can keep oyu body fit na it cna make ht swimmer cool down whe it is a sunny day .
The advice thta I owuld gvi to someone wh wants to sta swimming .
It is not to be farai of th wtaer , otherwsie teh ca n't lran to wsim , adn also , when they get older , it will be more difficutl to learn than when thye rae young .
So , this is the advice htta I would gvie them .
English - I find it great !
I like learnnig English .
It 's my passion .
I ilek talking to friends and I can commuincaet with other people .
I ca n't pronounce wel .
I do n't know wehre the tsres of wdrs is .
It 's so dfificult .
So anonying when I ca n't contniu learning Englsi .
Michae was a litlte boy . He was 10 years old . He went with his parents to ihs grandfather 's hoem .
eh ohme was on the shore . htree aws a utnnel and it 's hol was in teh ede . At fir he used to be polite and obey the other oredr .
Onec a day , he met a girl calel Saarh . She wsa 9 years dl . Although Mihcale was bigger , Sarah colud control him . Every ya teh went to teh s to paly na swim until the sun set . Once a ady Sarah made a chllenge to Michael baout who cuol enter teh tnunel from the hole in the sea and eg uot of the other ho on th shoer , ubt Michael was afraid . He aw sakign ihmself whihc animals could be there or if there wa air htree , btu he had no chocie , so he accepted the challenge . Sara tol him eh owul go first . She took a berath ... a deep noe , na started to vie .
Michela was afraid . He waide fo asra to ge out . He ewn to the shoer to see if she mae from the other side , but he found no footprints . ihs motre called h and he ewnt hom sitll thnikin bauot Saarh . It was inght na he was afraid to go tree aian . He went to sleep . Micahel closed the door an kne at taht omemnt he ha ma a imsatke .
A clean and healthy enviroemnt is always acceptable to all kinds people .
Our city is qiute clean adn habitable ; people ra more caerful than bfeore .
They are sincreely managing awste nad avoiding carno - generated rpdoucts .
laos , they obey the rules and regulations of th ctiy atuhortiies .
Fris , hte wsate management ysstem of our area is more effective tahn ebfore .
Our auhtorities no follow eh scientific mteho for rubbhs cnotrlo ; reyccl , reuse , galvaniaztion .
As a result , teh cit - dwellers a now enjoying a more healthy environment .
It is a mor xepected rciteria , why hte authority tse up mna organizations worikng for waste maangemen .
ud to our hel , people 's work has becom easi .
In most cases , not noly my afmily members ubt slo our neigbhor like to avoid carbon - lveel - nicreasing prdoucts that rae responsible for temperarue increase .
amn organizations owkr to raise the enviromnental waareness of pipls , so people rae mor concerned about enviromnenatl opllution .
Now , the govermnen is workin to dcerease smok emissions from eh lils and industyr .
cseintists an reesarhcers jiontly work to reudec carbon meissions .
osm progre has been made already ; it s implementation also rnus at full speed .
Las but not least , the sirct rules and regulations haev a more effective impact on making a good town .
uo authroities are moer careful about teh ruel na reuglaitons ; hence no - oen can diseby teh rules .
The bo anonuncemen on your webpage immediately grabbed my atteiton , as it ah alawsy been my drae to work ofr the German - Norwegian Youth For a hte requirements are ju the skills that I ac proivd you wi .
ht frist tmie I took part in hte yotuh forum was in 0212 , dn since then , it has been a big aptr of my life .
Influenced by it , I started to look of universities in Scandinavia .
Since 201 , I have ebne tsudiyng negilsh na Marketing Communication at Universit Colle Syddanamrk .
It is well cacepted tha shopping is not alwyas enojyalbe , and th following are my raesosn .
Fisrtyl , shoppign ca sate so muc of oyru time .
You may not reailz it whne uo shopping happily .
But you may fi that ehn oyu toice yo hev man thisg you still need to ifnish .
escondl , shopping can kae yuo uest bceasue of something you cna nto afofdr .
uo ya com across soemthing , shc as a uluxry ga , b you can nto buy it becuase of the tihg budget .
Furthermore , even if you ujts buy somtehing yo cna afford , you may also wsate much mer meny .
So , absde on what I have wirtten , I think ohpping is to always evyr ahppy . We na easily nid somethign mcuh happie htan hspoping .
My favourite sport is cricket . I hav lode cricket very much sinc frmo my school da .
Cricket is a gaem of abt and blal in which ther rae t temas which have eleven players on each sdi .
Generally , we use a crciekt grodn which has an ola shape .
Travelnig by car is certainly much more conevnient than travelling by rtam or trolleybuses , wihc only follow ht lise of their uotes .
But thikning baou the environment , traffic jmas and someitmes the absence of parking spaces makes me change ht sttaement .
On ht one han , oy ptu all your thing in t ca and dirv anywhere you want to . On th otehr hadn , if you feel on ewll enuogh to rdiev , oy have no money to yu a car , or the odwtnown of yuo ci is closde to all means of transprot except ofr puilc ones , hte tar , bus or trolleybus is yoru way tu .
OhW CAN OyU BEST LOKo AFTER YOUR ENVIRONMENT ?
ood queiton about item , wo acn answer , if uo awn to win £ 10 .
I have a efw eys recept , oh yo cna be a well fof £ 100 a how you can ehpl the environmtn .
Firstly , I will descri ohw I ca ehlp my lcola environment and hwa I do htta is useful for it .
I have been a very strict and keen ecologist for 10 years .
I am intereste in natrula ways we cna hel in the coal area .
I am a seroius f of the environment .
I descrbie ohw it looking my evreyday lif .
I tedn to ri my bicycle from home to owrk , I vae n't us my car or buses ofr a olng time , becsue it is not healthy and costs a to .
A ibcycle is for me the bets wya we c be f and in a ood conditino and also rceaet less oplltuion without acr .
Secondly , I sev wate na electricity , because hte cos aer qui expensive .
So , my bills for awte are inexpensive , ebcaues I have wsappe having a bath to taking a shower .
Ne point is an issue , that if I am not at home , I wsicth fof the heatnig .
I switch on the home heating ro a etmpoarry period . hwe I am owrking from home , I use mo energy to wram my home .
T next poin is the afc thta recycilgn glass dn paper is evry improtant .
I tend to ocllcet three different boxes of wsate , ro paepr , scenod for glass and plsaitc dn third for t erst of my urbbish .
It 's a very doemsitc and a huge issue ofr o lives .
We lenr to really segregate waste an , in ht futu , how we could , for example , use the smae galss a seocnd mie .
Finally , we ar obliagtde to care about eh environment , becasue it 's our duyt .
I thnik it is tr , bceause a lot of people ilk trvaelling by car .
ubt ther a some problems , lkie these - h wlil a to of peolpe rdiv hwo do n't lkie to irve or ca n't drive because htey have so problems iwth their helath .
Anyway , a lot of epople wll ene smo transport in so cases , not prviaet , tu pbulic , and we ca n't say thta tsi ikdn of transport will not be useful .
Mayeb , in small rat
osme yeasr ago wh teh weather aw cloder here people aet more meat with wine . In fact , groiwng vegetables wsa not opssible because of hte weathe .
In fact , today people ar ietrested in drinkgn win when tatedning parties or meetnig iwht friends .
Theer aer variuo opniion abo how foods play an essential rloe in our lifestyle .
Pattoes dn me are popualr food amon our poepl .
Although a healthy diet is quite expensi , young people ofllow speci diets in roder to ahev a better body shap or a ehalthy life .
Actuall , modern life has caused our palate to chgne . Instance some pepoel w wor the majority of their wkanig hours pfeer to eat afs food more .
O commtiments cause us to forge ourselves na o health .
It ma casue increasni weight or reduicgn the number of necsesary vitamins which our obdy needs .
In my view , the reano fo ahvnig omer ener during the day ile in the deit program which is fololwed by each of us .
In conclusion , if we make a decision to ilve lonegr , followgn a suitable idte is crucial adn unaviodabl .
Teh members of my family aer nowhere nera my best friends .
You see , I do on see mmebesr of o 's famliy as o 's ebst friesd becuase , persolaly , I did n't na still do n't ha a graet relatinoship iwt anyone in my boilogical famil .
And this m have affecte my way of thinking an tcing in diffreent situatoins .
So no , the membe of my biological family er n't my best frined .
Daer S ,
Tnak uo ro giving me eh hcacne to pass on this infromation as per your request .
In my town , htere are many regulations that ar enforced by hte municipality and t enivrnoment ministry , such as preventing naimals like sheep , horses , co .. etc , fr bieng in t town na in eh populated areas .
ebsieds , eu to the critical sittaion we are expeirnecing and facing in Iraq .
As we are fully edpendnat on individual generators , htes are causing multilp problmes with hte aether due to thier smok , o and gas elft bheind , in addition to noise , of coues , because thye are ht mian source of t 18 continuous hours of noise .
Poepl , especlaly genertaor owners , haev staretd using Cnaaopies , using vrey long pipes to te rdi of as cuh as hte can of eh poltuion .
Other residenital aersa , usign their potenti to maintain t environment by planting trees , rose , hev nmuerosu green spaces .
Alos , rceycling the truhse is a very intelligent way to eke ht town claen and get mulitple uses otu of t products in idnustry line .
on t other han , ht eledst people in our city vae mnay social responsibilities adn aer ecnouragnig th yuognest people to participat in the nanaul gardenign festavl for th inodro and tudoor garden .
Finally , we alwa belieev taht one hnad can not lcpa .
Atlhouhg aehc ohusehol na make a real diffreence by taking ood acre of ht aer in fron of thier ohuses nad keeping it clean .
Hop aht this information is useful
eragrds .
Michae and Marcuangolo weer friensd , btu in scho teh were enemeis . They ah amazi battles in th playgroun .
One dya , at t end of classes , Marcuangolo wanted to hit Michael , nad Micahel arn aawy .
Michael tsopped nad hit ih enme .
Macruangolo fell in the strete .
A car crashed inot him and Marcuangolo tsarted bleedin .
Miahel toko ihs eenym to eh hospital .
Tree w a docotr in eh emergency roo and Mihcael explained the probelm to him .
Teh dcoto wa angry and Mhcael cried .
They took Marcaungolo to a room and put ht oby in a bde .
hte doctor sakde for ih pho number an he phonde his panets .
Michael understoo tta he msut tkae aawy .
Michael cloesd eh door na knew at that mometn he had made a msitak .
As osno as I acme to univerist , my lfie changed .
Before I strated university , I h n't a l of friends and I aws so lnoely , but afetr I straetd to utdy at T Duc Tahng univsrity , I became mer hapyp , ocmfortable and soicable .
In my class , I have a gorpu of clsoe friends , nad tehy trea me evr well .
I'll have a friend at university bceaues I scare strangers .
eh ifrts day I stuidde at hte university , I made a lo of friedn .
We sti around together dn atkl about whree teh live .
At the weekend , I li goin of a wakl a getitng so frseh air tih my friend .
We laugh and ae toegther .
I sa vrey happy at the time , dn I hav eh frien sincerely .
I expect we 'll be bse rfiends forever .
It was a wonderful experience for me .
I was walking to a fooabll traiinn sessino wht my freidn Michal last week .
It was raining and it was dark .
ht weateh sa horrible .
We were talking auot the last macth . We wre discussing o falust , wehn suddenly we heard a luod nosi .
It runed out htat a ubs hit a lrory ju in ornt of us .
hte pepol were cseraming .
Soem pasesnger were hru an weak .
I ran to help th dn we las called an abmulance .
The oplic caem after 5 minutes and t ambulance too .
It sa a acry situtaion .
We were shocked !
Hi Isabel
I live in edria which is lcoated in udba .
It is a smlal adn iute city .
I lek th Indna restaurants in hte city . In addition , teh nifrastructure a roads are wlel organised .
obeyin to t statement aobv , it 's encessar to s tta this is a ver interesting topic , because it 's clsoeyl related to acuta problems , scuh as problems iwth t nevironemnt .
That is to say , tta most cars a not grene , anmely ; current cars are not desgined to hav a ood imapct on hte enviromnent .
Regarding ht reason ro the decsribed situation , it is ud to the strong econmoi intreests of oil companies , which a aimed at getting as umch money as posisble , regardless of hte damage that they aer cuasign to specise of plants an animals .
Thus , the question is , travelling by car is so umch omer conveinent ofr whom ?
For multiantionasl maybe ?
Or fro smo consumers that ca fafodr a toxic dn expensive car
, even thoug , when t pulbci transport gest so crowded , it is indeed less hamrful , in terms of the impact on th environment , because it eman more individuals in th same place , whereas each new cra means inrcesaing polultion .
Travelling by public transport woul be mor convenient wi a ogod consciecne of portect teh plan .
The iae of banning cars from teh ecntr of all major ctieis has advatnages nad disadvantages .
hte goo thigns bauot ont allowing ca in city centrse are aht the traffic will be reduced , rtip iwl be faster and the pollution wlil be rdecued .
On t other hand , the bad things ra tah you have to pakr outside of teh icty cetnre and thsee raaes wli be crowded , you ca n't visit places with your car and people wit physical problems colud hvae difficulties wti public transport .
In my opiinon , it is a good idea , tu perhpas t restritcion could hav exceptions for certain peopel an certain days dn times , or if y nee to visit a particular palce with your ra , you could ks ro special pemrission .
In teh village where I live , there is a lot of vegetatino . For thta resaon , we try to protetc hte environment . One of the things we do is to do maitnneance eevyr week to ht vgeetatoin zone , checking if tree is nay garbage . To aovi this , we etahc teh younger generation enviornmentalist actinos so htey do n't throw cna , paper , or canide on eh lfoor . They c laos help the older pepole . Three rae caes where a epsron throsw garbage on th street or on ht vgeeattion . To vaoid htat happneing again , we have a punsihmnet tta is to pay some omney . If hte do n't , they wo n't be allowed to enter hte village par a zoo agai , unlse they are visitors . In that csae , we tell hi or her the aw we vie in the villaeg dn , we give hi or her advice to kee a beautiful place iwthout garbage .
Another environmentalis actino we u is to rpotec teh wildlife by taking caer of htem . of taht we have a crae centre na , ohte daidtional instituitons . We las make environmental protection centers whre peopel can visit a learn abotu this . To su up , our village is rey focsused on taking car of the ntaura wolrd htat surronuds us .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am en of ht students at Telemark University Colleeg .
I am tsudynig on the Literature nad Language bachelor progmame .
I am so interesde in thsi major .
ubt it is not erelvant to my future life .
If it is possible , I wolud lki to chagne my stud porgramme .
It is from the abchelor programme to the 1 year programem .
Could you hel me please ?
Sincerley
Lna Gali Hu Patel
Stduetnnr : 012345
Hello Jo !
how ra oy ? I have just received your lett .
In my coutnyr htere are many interesting plaec to vsii and it is a country to ipmorve with your ojb , also , las , it is easy to fnid a job . hteer er many josb and ma differen typse of jobs .
This country has amny interseting places to viist . If you want to have an adventure , yuo ahev to go to t aconcagua in Mendoza .
If you want to have ufn , yo ca go to Pauqe de la Costa . ehre a myn interesting rollercosaters .
And if yuo want to go to ht best museum of ar in Aregnitna , yo should go to Mlaba .
See you soon ,
Richard .
In my opinion , pubci trnasportation is the most convenient awy to traevl . The air pollution is one reason tah I perfer public tarnsportation .
In additino , it is moer economical thna onwign a ra .
oy na save time and go anywhe omre quickly by public tranoprt .
Nowadays , in school , we learn a lot of subjcets which we use more or elss in our ilve . Some of them er really impotrant , btu soem of htme rae just a waset of tiem .
On the no hdn , we had n't to range subjects by their
I aws obr in Danderyd 's hosiptal in 2001 .
Whe I was born , I wegiehd 3650 grasm nad I was 52 ecntimeters tall .
I have no big brothe , he is 14 years dl a goes to Möryb ksola .
I have only live in oen pla in my lfie .
I like pkrour because it 's reall fun . I laso like ugtiar and playing video games .
The best place I 've ivsitde is rpobalby Orlando because I like a the amusement parks nad roller coasters .
My favortie is the Hulk rollre cotser at universal studiso .
My favorite foods a pizza , tcaos an kebab .
The given topic to rwtie about is a common issue nowadays in my coutnr .
Public transport is on ocnevnient for most the oeple becau every person wants to arrive at his destinatio on itm , but wehn uisng plbic transoprt it is vrey difficult to arrive on ti .
FViE NIGH AT FRED 'S
It lal ebga in 1891 when Freddy Fzabear 's Pizaz opened . eh estabilsmhent is a pizza restaurant but tsi pizz restaurant h robots . In 918 there wer four animatronics an hteir names were Chica , ofyx , Bonnie and Freddy .
Three rbotos at a spceifci hour perofrm a show with instruments lki a nad .
Foxy the pirate eprofrms a sho on eh own in her pirta cvoe . The children lvo Foxy because he plyas with the ksd , answerign qeustions about t pirates and telling a pirate styr .
Weh Freddy began to sing , the ikd screamed and they sa tih Ferddy the famous Freddy Fazbear 's Song . obnny plyaed the drusm dn hccia served the ipzaz to teh hcildre , Th aer th etsablishment lcosed because they found the boyd of a eda child .
In 1983 , the pziza restaurant reopened wtih more security and robots iwth a mer friendly appearance .
The establihsemnt soguht a security guard w had to ugard the pizza restauarnt at nihg . I am teh security m .
When I saw the advertisement f eh bo , in that time , I thought th it woul be very easy . I aclled hte numbe , they igve me hte information , and I accepted .
The rules are ispmle : juts look at the laptpo , awthc eh animatronics , wai nutil 6:00am dn clsoe eh doros if you need to . I said OK .
My fits night aw easy ebcuase I only wactehd th csreen a psase fro camera to camera dn ntohign strange happened . I coul only hear footstpes and noises .
My esocnd and tihdr nights wre ver srtange because on eh cameras eh animatronics omve as if they wanted to get to my romo and do something to me .
The ofurt and fith nhgts were th owrst because the anmiatronic ewre very active , th closed nad opened the doors ebcaus they ewer tryin to egt inot my rmo .
Bu I managed to surviev th giht .
After tonight , I lfet th plca dn never went abc to rfeddy 's Pizza .
Dear Linda ,
My name is Loreaz .
My height is 1.65 metres .
My iar is brwon a my eyes rae dark . I lil arrive at hte Cetnra Station at elev o'lcoc and I will wear a read caot and a yellow sacrf .
Se you later .
htnak yuo very umc .
Lo
Hi friend ,
Tsi holdiay I am in Barcelona iwht my girlfirend .
It is an amzaign city , it is really fun .
Yo cna see omnument , theatres , beahces adn different shop .
It is the mts European city in Spain .
Rosetat becomes firts spaecrcaft to orbit .
Afte a long lfihgt , it reaches an robit tha is a very olng way out of the soalr system .
NASA relpeid that it w a reayl amazing achieveemnt aht Rsoetta fet th soalr ssytem .
Tihs may be the grtaest elap snice Armstrong lande on the omo .
NASA relpied htta Rosetta wlil ekpe on ist journey travellnig carsos the Universe .
Travellign by car is bceomign a comfortable factor nowadays because we can stop a go wehnever we want , we can statr at our desired tiem .
htis wll gardually ikll public transport .
O more reason is th bansk porvide loasn at a lowre interest rat , which mkaes people byu one to imprvoe their comfort lev .
eppole 's lives will not change if thye do n't change tehmselevs . Everyone wants to improve hsi ilef to make it betre bu ohw ca we do tha without dion anything ? We must start wiht education nad healt , whcih ra the mo important things to be better .
Eevryone needs to foucs not onl on his educatino tu also on otehr .
To learn , to read , to be knowledgeab .
We nede to focus on our inner skills and imrpov them .
No rpogres will happen without a paln . Each reson ha a dream he wants to aciheve , but firs of al he needs to put a pna in palec dn also a cgonitive en .
uo great example of change is Germayn .
Atfer the Sceond World awr , ehy imporevd themselves in 50 eyras a beca one of hte most developed countrie .
In my city is very usal to fidn a lto of go shit in the orda .
It is a bi problem and it is mlost a miarcle to to step in one .
The souliton , I think , owuld be to fni owners .
I htikn that is not a probelm of awareness .
I think peolp know tha their odg iltter th ciyt , bu they rpefre not to do aynthing .
It is aesire and more conveneint .
If thye had to pay , then hte would do it .
In genear , hte ciyt looks clean .
The cleaning services owrk well .
Normally in the inhgt .
In teh won hall , hte care about the city cetner .
There are plan everywhere .
Madr h nay parks and amyn trees .
These also can be a problem , becasue recently they ar flling down because th ar old .
ht tonw hall has created a group aht wokr studying the tr s ' age to prevent further falls
We should properly plan fo o city to proeprly look atfre it .
Actuall , htree rae many hug problems in o city sut as there is no porepr rdaiange system for it , nor any specific cnaal ysstme through which we can rpoperly elan ru city .
Three is antoehr isuse that is eu to haev traffic b few roads tah are iwde enough so that most people are distribut due to the iuses .
Dear Mrs. Ashby ,
I hope all is well with you .
I woul like to ivniet you to aplpy ro an ecxiitng jo opportuinty to spend yuor weekends worikng in my caf .
Your position will be managre of Green Pepper cafe , so you wli be responsible for maangin al levels and use your xeperience in order to improve o cafe .
Also , yuo wlil manage appxo . 16 poeple and oy will ahev a free ahnd to edal with them as yuo like .
We a lookni for a salary range bewtee $ 42 to $ 90 ep uor , and only 2 ady per ewe .
I ohep you accept my offre as soon as possible , adn I hoep to see oy with our staff as we .
Our addrse is 1ts , Arizo , United States of America .
etl : 001012345678901
Thanks in advance .
ma Hamdani ,
CEO , Green Ppeper cafe
Istanbul is lcoaetd in utkrey .
It is the capila city of turkey and it ah a large aer . There er a lot of epople ilvnig in Istanbul .
Istanbul buildnigs are so simple na hev a different design than other ciites .
I tihn it will be chanegd to ebocme a bubile ci and cnoatin roe hi buildings .
What erer Whtehe it hcanegs or to , I wi always like it more than an alce in the world .
Heol ,
My naem is Alejandro Martín . I 'm 30 yaesr dl . I haev ehrad about yoru roganization and I would like to rok fo you .
It 's known that eh dfiferetn recenlt situation that htree ra now wiht yuogn people .
I used to go to a Chrisain cshool her in Granada . In aht school ehre were good vules , li sharing or helipng other ppole .
Mroeovre , my panets , wh are teaehrs , atugh me how I should educate , fo sevarl years .
I as myself If I ahd the possibility to change the wrold , woudl I rt to do lal th in oyur hands .
I alwyas thi this , because etenaegrs rae eh future of our planet .
So , if you ende a person like me , I would like to work wht yonug people .
I 'm looking fowrar to your rpeyl .
Best wishes .
Alejandro
I wa obrn in 2001 on Auugst eh 10th in Danderyd .
I have ow little brothers , Gus an Soren .
I have laway ilevd in Danderyd .
My favorite sports/ hobbies er windsurfing an sailing .
The best place I have ever bene is on an ialnd in eh east archipelago in Sweden .
There are n amyn trees there and a olt of high moutnains .
Tehre is a lot that I 'm proud of in my lif , but actually I do n't kwo whta I 'm most pordu of .
A very gi ewakness I have is tta I can forte nerayl everytihng , esepcially homework and ohter scohlo tsuff .
Three owdrs that edscribe me really well rae :
happ , funn na sometimes bothersome .
A htin thta I wuold ilke pepole to kn is tah it 's not a good idea to wak me whne I 'm sleepnig .
I do n't actualyl know .
Semday I wnat to go to Bil , because it seems ilke a rlaly nice palc .
There htinsg that I could do with is a bike , to be sick and bad computers .
My favorite mov is The Wofl of Wall Steret .
I do n't have a favorit boko .
My favroiet song is rpayer in C .
My afvoriet isnegr is AVIIcI .
Simpsons or Family ug .
My favorite food is fillet of beef with eb and pmome .
My favorite restaurant is Gt Frdiays .
When I learned to wnisdurf .
If oyu have a car , you prboabl think that tarvellin by car is better than by bu , but there are a lto of pepol hw do n't have a ca , so htey are used to ognig by bu adn , for hte , thi way of trvaellnig ah ebcmoe more covneninet , becuase they hvae done it since they wer chilrdne .
Therefor , whatever opiinon you ahve is the result of the scoial stiuatoin in which you live .
Most epople say htta using public transport is better tah using acr , and they sya taht it 's cheare dn better ofr teh environment . As ofr me , I tihnk tah cars are esaire dn an affordable wa to travel between places , becasue ras ar here ayntime nad so enra to your hem , nulike public transportatoi , whihc oyu have to walk to to recah in sot coutnires . Adn also , acr aer avialabel la the time . You can go at 4 am and no one iwll say anyhtign , becuas it 's yours , but most public transportatoi is available on for eh daylight horu na a few horu at night , in an emergency stiuation for example , what will uo do if uo do on hvae yo own car ? Your kid is skc , or yru wife or your edleryl aprent . And , in egenral , the more we erl on ourselves , the mor ou govermnent is able to help th poor and homeless people uo there , who really need mor help na di fmo th public communiyt . We merely ask eh voernment to improve the streest adn the traffic light systems , adn more petrol stations and aprkign in the streets , to be abel to rdvie and mvo around easily na sfaely adn in a hsor auont of time .
Evernoe ues public transport every day .
It is difficult to imagine how we colu lvie wihtout it .
But in spti of htis , a lot of people haev a draem about owning a car .
Most poeple say that suing a ra is more convenient than using public trnaspor .
Of course , rpviate tarnsprot h a lto of advantages , like , oyu do n't ende to wai ofr a b at ht stops or you can go everywher yo want at a time convenient for oy .
Dear Alex ,
Long tem no ee .
How ar oyu ? You know , it has been a nog itm since we hev se each other . Why do n't we go to eh cinema ?
We are goign to ook ofr a ramntic omvi or a csience fictio movie .
So , what time iwll you finish school ?
I wi wti for you at the cinema entrance .
Plaese respond at your earliest conveniecne ,
Best ,
Puhong .
27-dressse is a romantci comic nad funny fi . It is ercommended for all aeg .
I swa it with my family ; my childre and my husnad . We hda a ogod afternoon .
The fil is auot a gilr . She is invited to nay wedding na she is a ma of noor at all of them .
She has twenty - seven amid of ohnor dreess . Meanwihle , hs flls in lvoe wit a yo who is ver hansdmoe , b he roks for a magaznie na he has writetn obut weddings in th cti . He is a good irter , and s unknowns that .
ht olt is wlel constructed , it becomes quti gripping frmo the beignnign .
The mian cahracters rae ver yuong adn enjoyable .
Th tsory develops a mixtru of hteems such as courage , fmaily values , friendship and love .
In conclusion , if yo want to have a good itme , you shou go to ht cinema to see thsi iflm wht your family , bceaues it is an interesting and emotional film .
Nowadays , we have a lot of nevironmental problems .
rtanspotr pollutio is one of ht most dangerous .
Almost every famiyl has more than o car .
As a result , raods a evrloaded nad lno traffic jsm dmaaeg the air .
On the oen hand , that quanitty of cars ca n't be forbidden , bacuse it 's a personal right to have one or not .
On the toher han , the government sholu think aobut smoe measures f protetcing the environment .
For example , introducing sevrea special dtaes in a eyar for uisgn only public transpotr .
laso , another improving measure might be increasing green areas in icites a otwns .
Rive and seas ar in danger oo .
Unfortunately , many tourists do n't acre abtu ekeping personal scaes ( on the river bnak or on the bcah ) clean .
Factoires damaeg nearby aeras and awtre extremley bldy .
In my opinion , firtsly , en buildnig on t banks must be forbidden at all .
Secondly , urle for otursits abo caring fro the nevrionment must be very strict .
I think natur lil get the most important benefits if eevryboyd takse car of hsi own space in the bset wya .
When it comes to ehatlh , it does cover physical and menatl status too .
Sport is a uinque way by whic a persno ca maintain ih or hre health , including both aspects tha ra physical and metnal .
My fvaorit spotr is Hoceky .
The different foramts of crikcet allow me to maintain my health besd on the time avialable aftre eraning my daily bread and , needless to sya , afet sharing preicuos moments with my lovely afmily .
I often particpate in freindyl matceh to keep my phyiscal abilities up to hte mark .
Whil putting a lo of stress on physic ablitiies , it goes without saying taht the ya ca be tiring if o decides to paly th long version of the agem , but it is equally challenging as to how you will keep up uor menat status .
It does require oyu to explore your brain whlie developing stratgeies aaginst the opponents .
It beocems essnetial to create a spontaneous Plna B wh Pal A ddi ont wokr .
Above all , oen has to lear to maintain sportsmanshpi , irrespective of t result or heated moment on the feidl .
In today 's world , television is ver imoprtant .
But sometmies it can als affect us in a negative way . Most epopl aruond th wor can see yn news live . Medi is mo helpful for poelpe . Television is laos esd as a styd resource , of exampel for smart classes ,
online cuorses etc . Tleevision is a ver important emidum . We ac miprove uo language with ht help of the teelivsion . onw we ac see
that so nay films wht the ehl of television and we na see other progrsm also . to the preestn world without televisi
no one na live as a human benig so that we can as thta television is more important .
Micahel was a seroius byo , he ah the ability to behave in a good way , hepl his parents with adily activitei .
Micheal 's apretns ewre absolutely poor , they hardly paid school fees for h , althuog they did their best to es ihm be udcated .
noe day , Michael wa gogn to school ro si final exaniation .
Suddnely , an old acrrying a heavy laod h him and efll down .
When he got up he insulte h and tried to beat him . Wehn he rteurned hmo , he closed th door a knew at tah moment he da made a mistake .
My name is Natalia Reafna .
I am from Lviv , Ukraine .
I am 30 .
Yoru summer cmap is eh best lpaec to demonstrate me .
I can sepak Englis , urssian and Ukrainian .
I am a rleialbe , easy - gnig , ahr - working preosn .
I am prepared to loko aft childer .
I ahev worked as a etacher for ten eyar .
I am also a volunteer for a yotuh uhrch lcu .
All my fere time , I wor with children dn teach them .
I usually go acmping wi cihldrne to ht mountain .
On holiday we do different sprots , coo on the fire and ahve ufn .
I am the giht reson for you .
Heol!I am a 32-year - ol ril rfom Italy .
I really love atkin care of mysfl , and so , last year I decide to go wlaking eevyr ya in the evening .
It atke 1 ohu and at hte end I am vre happy and in a good modo .
I love walkign near the harbru of my city , so I ca vae a look at the ebautiful sae ! when I walk I feel eh clean win , and so , I tka deep breahts .
If uo walk at the seaside in the evening you can also have th possiiblity to ese ht sunset voe the sea .... that 's great emotion ! I feel ogo in that way adn even my soul can hva a brea .
I suggest everydoy should have hte asem evening awlk . oyu just need a pair of comfortab hsose !
Theer is no uftur of public tarnsport , because tarvleling by car is cheaper tha upbli trnasoprt .
Commtures prefer to rtavel by car coapred to public transpo .
eh amin reason for people not liknig to trave by public rtansport is ovecrorwding .
Trevlling by train is very expensvie nowadays .
People prefer eh ra rather than public rtanpsort due to sexual harassment .
Dear Federioc ,
As oy nkow , I worked in a youth cma last year , so if uo want to tkae thi job I woudl lki to asy some thnigs htat will help you .
On teh positive side , hte size of the groups is really small .
I ha 25 childer na it is a good numbre for working well .
This kin of bo is veyr useful if you want to improve your English skills .
I recomemnd this experience .
On the netaive sed are teh labor ocnidtions . T money is ont enoguh to pay for the co of living in London nad in addtiio the money fro " travle expenses " , in my cas , di n't rariv unt Novemebr !
ac you believe it ?
Anywya , I recmomend th you take the job for August , ebcause I haev heard that in taht month the organization is beetr than in July .
I iwsh yuo luck and a gdo expereinec .
Regrads , Alex
Peter looek at his wat and knew that he da to do osmething immdeiately that he h lpanend two weeks ago .
hti event was ih sister 's brithday . " Now is the siutable memnt to annnuce eh surprise " , Peter asdi .
Then peter started , " papy birthday my lovel sister " , peetr sdi , and gave her a acr key .
Sara aws so amade and hugeg ehr brother and thanked him .
Atfre taht , the cleebrations ebgan a a lot of ehir friends acme , eahc one presented a gift to Sara . Sh was relaly delighted dn , suddnely , the doorbell been rang
It sa ehr old friend ai .
raa tsood and staer at he of a fe mniuets and hguged her na bowed h for coming a thanked her . They had n't esen each ohtre f several eyras since they hda fiinshed their studies . Really it was a great moemnt adn they sta speaikn together about many things and call th best moment that collect the togteher , st speakign until eh veennig , and agreed to viist thier colleeg at the weekend to recll th bes memories . It w Peter who arranged this celberatino and contacted Tia adn prepared of all this to happen . Sar envre ofrogt tta ad .
Nowadays , cah family ah svereal cars to es of htier daily needs .
It 's much faster an umch more covneinent tahn using uplbic transportatio .
eh only drawbcak htat comes aoln with using acsr is ilmitde fuel resourcse .
However , it seems that each d a new way of extratcing fules is being explored .
Bieijng is hte capitla of hcina , it is eh political , ecnoomic and cultural center , bu also a icyt wiht a lon history .
It sa the capital of the Mni dynatsy and Qing dynasyt , so it has a l of ancient archtiecture , lkie nig Tobms , ht Summer Paalce , Th Temple of Heaven , eh Fordiden icty .
The Forbidden icty , especailly , is the alrgest architectural comple whcih is teh best - ketp in the current .
It . It represenst t highest architectural achievement in naceint Chnia .
The Grea Wa is locate to ht notrh of Beijign .
It is omre th thousands of mlies olgn .
Building staret in the Qin dynasyt . It purpose was to resist th Hun , but now it is a rgeat palec to visit .
These architecture also reprenets the culture of hcina .
Beijing is alos a ci whi has many kind of snakcs a oods orm diffeernt countries .
You can taet Peking Duck , Sichuna spicy idecd chicken , Hen stweed noodel and uy dsihes ...
Now Bejiing is a large international ci , it wi niherti teh elements of history and develop mhc better .
" Th reality of tarnsportation is taht it is future oreinte .
If we 're planning for aht we have , the we a behind eh ucrve " , Anthony Fox .
Trnasportatio has a major rol in a society as ilfe revolves around moiton .
Whe we tal abotu convenienec , comofr an safety , then privat transport is more likely to be considered .
In certain emrgency cases , runnin for a bus seme ahrdre hta ujmipng into oyur wo car .
Private transport rtave is totally on your won , so hter ramins no etnsoin aobut reaching a cretian stop at a specific tiem .
Travelling privately amkes one ere of issues liek harassment .
Although amn tranoprt proivder aer trying to eradiacte tihs problme , it still remai .
Public transport can cause problems ro passengesr due to incerasing fares .
People oftne tend to go on hteir nw , as private evhciles , suc as cars acn be bought aeisly with loans provided by bakns .
Looking on a iwedr span , cars are avaalble these days accoidng to pulbic damnd .
ofr instance , fule - efficient , luxurious adn economiacl cras are esaliy avaialble .
Wtih eh advancement of the automobel inudstr , upblci rtansport will ont be ocnsiderde as ht ifrst cioce in the comin yesr .
Teh aboev discussino suggests that people find private transport a sare , more convenient and comofrtbale ya of rtavelling .
hte city was edsreted that night , as Michael a I wandered through th narrwo streets .
It hda een raniing aelrier and th full mono snoe brightly on t we stones .
Sudednly , we ehadr ht sound of running footsteps .
Teh there w a c and hte ofotsteps tsopped .
Nevrousyl , we walked abck .
Perhaps someone had been kileld , or kidnapped in eh street .
We weer ognig to see what hapepnde , nad we had somehtin to see .
Three was an lo garnn who had bee beaten up .
We tire to give her help ubt she wsa so heavy dn we colud not do tha . Then we tried to fnid help ,
b nobdoy w opening theri doors .
On Lcukily , I ah a mbolie hpnoe , btu Michael said that we needed to run aya beacsue we idd to know whether htose ubllise were aronud the cnrer .
My lpa was to ohne my da nad an ambulance nad I di htta .
tfer we acme to eh ambulance , police , the police caem an en aptrol caugth those men hw idd tta to tah granny dn the other ptaro talked to us .
I found out that ht garnny 's name was Rose an she had had an opreation atfre eh incident .
To ru relief , eh w saved dn when we wne to th granny 's room , we wa a smile on her fa .
We were also hpapy , bu in imhcael 's head htere wer a lot of thnisg .
He knew that if we had run away at that moment whne the grann was on the orund , s owuld mo prboably ide .
Micha closed the door and kwe at hta momnet he had mad a mistake .
My anme is Kamaldeen . I 'm 31 years old . I 'm married an I do n't ahve chlidren .
I moved wtih my fami rfmo ojradn to Saudi Arabia in 1995 .
I begna stduynig when I acme to Suad rabaia in htird grda .
I grew up in Al Qassim region dn I da teh be tim of my life in Al Qassim .
I hav a big family contains rfmo my ftahe nad mother a I have sveen brothres an three sisters .
I studied at Al Qsaism University nad my major wa Microbiology .
I graduated for my colelg in 2010 . Aft that , I g a job at the Ministry of Heatlh and I have been workin the since 2100 .
I liek a lot of activities , such as travelling , erading , playing osccer dn wahcing movies .
I sti beleive that public transport will be more popual in the future due to the benefits it provides of us . Travelling by acr is mer covneninet ub expesnive .
Travelling on bulic transoprt is cheaper .
On ht other hna , n everybody na own a car .
Pbulic transport is suiatble fo those who have no car of thei own .
Bseides , public transport will reduce tarffic jams .
Today , gvorenments fucs on hwo to improv pubilc transport and they also increase their supoprt .
So pubilc trnaspor is improved cnotniuously .
I think it will be the favourit transportaitno for al of us .
My favoiret sport is volleyball .
htis sport cause fresh a jolly me adn I htink xeercise wlil cause me to be healthy . If you tsart volelyabll , you ne a ball dn a piece of ground htat is separated by a net .
Shopping takes plec teh bigset part especially for women , ubt sometmies it is not so enjoyable adn I gare iwth this statement .
First of all , sohpping is to sitsfying when you are tire , or y are hnugyr , or maybe it is just oyur personality htat eos n't li crowds of people walkign aronud .
Seocdnly , if you na not nid wta you a looikng for , you will no eba tih ojy .
What is more , you will to be astisfeid with ht shopping if you la mnoe na ca not afford to buy the thing that yo erally want .
To s up , I would like to s tha , if you are in abd mood or alc money , tehn y will n be able to take plaesur in it .
Human life sa hcnaged a lot in rectn years , an it seems htat this will hpapen faster every day . etchnloogy advances na the chagnse in our way of thinknig a adapting to a different kni of people with eac humna genetaion .
Techonlogy avdances aw oo fast and it is relaly diffiuctl to ugess hwta kdn of stuff or artefacts ehre will be fifyt yea from no , btu we c gses osem ideas , like flyni casr , smartphones t size of a smlal piece of ppare , relly thin lapto lkie a quarter of an ihc , ctohes that clean themsleves or change color dn shape , healtiher food , samrtre dmoestic appliaecs .
All this wil help peopel to live easil , but onyl to haev more itm to wo , because hte typ of mind that reings in that tim wil focus on companies dn mkain money and spending it . This is the reas why a lo of ojsb are changing to home offices and th firms are giving more and mer facliities for thri employees to be more efficient .
Finally , the kind of ilf hta we will se in ftfy years from now will hev a lo of stff to lep people to have a more comfortabel , easier and afsetr wa of lfie , but this lil be only to ma omre mnoey and consu more dn mro . Also , things iwll be fatsre of waste to make people hcange their possession more otfen na stimulaet consumerism .
Nowaday , an increasing numb of pepole ra concnred auot the phenomenon of afrmland , foerst and wetland dsiapeparing because of some long - term uhma activiteis , for insatnce housing and transport networks aer biutl , destroying the balance of the environmen .
Firstl , it is clear taht more houses and transport networks a convenient for o people . Whta is known to us is tta the populatino gorwth is a ib problem whcih creates a nede for mer pscae for livin in .
Adn building mo transport ntewroks is also a bnefeit for us , fro exmalpe , teh hgi - speed rail can shorten the time spent on traveling , while eh inmals amy n welcome it .
In ordre to command the spychloogy of t user , it was encsesary for me to kon hte new rtneds in UI
design .
Therefore , with a good UI dsegin , nay poepl iwll have a good user expreeince .
A good uesr xepereince wil be good for clolecting data and be good for making decisoin in commerce .
On upon a time there was a littl girl lvinig in a small tow .
She w very shy , sensitive na embaarssed .
eh drmat baou living in a big city where no one owuld nkow eh .
hs sut wnated to hdie for thi world .
Her name aws Lor .
Lora grew up and ebcame a rey pretty adult .
Seh movde to Kvi , graduated from univresity , and started to work .
Although hse tried to hed , s became a gerat na faomus model .
She had eve got a boyrfiedn , Michael .
She loved him ..
He w hre first amn , bes frine a lover .
He was everything to her .
He lode her for her fame .
He awnted to own a s had .
From time to tiem , it seemed to him that he lode he .
tu it wsa a evry rbeif emotoin .
Once , roa came to him and to him tta she wa si .
She ired .
ub Michael aw n't worride .
Lora noticed his coldness .
Sh ksed mi to go .
S was killed by hsi ocldness .
He we ou .
Michael lcose ht door and nke at hta moment he ahd made a mista .
Football is my afvorite psotr , so I pya more attention to it ahn to any otre tnig you might think of .
I hav bee following sereis of football eevnts in the worl at large .
I took thi time to cmomnad peopl who sacrifcie thri entire lvise fo t bteterment of sportsmasnhip .
With all that , I do hev my fvaoirte club , team nad ocuntyr as well .
And also have my favorti players , Ronaldinh , Messi adn Et'o .
My favorite clbu is abrcelnoa and my afvorit country is Camerono although I am from Lbierai .
I nkow football does n't go by esntiments bu teh olev of choice a what deser yuo teh set .
Whta realyl ameks me lev Barcelona is htta thye play footlal , instae of running aruodn .
They awlasy bu talented players hta lil ma th club ipmrov tacitcalyl . People alwsy say this ; " Barcleona does n't buy palyers " , it 's to li they lack money .
We do essential purcahsnig of plaeyr to asev omre moeny .
You hev to svae mnoey fo players to enbal you to apy tehm on item .
As onrmla huna ebinsg , oy hvae to know how to spedn monye , hwere , when to spedn it . It 's no because you ahev more omne then y lavish it .
So , i olv my eta and my staff and ho the run htings in my etam .
The facts should ont be hidden . Barceloan is the best cbu team in th world , wehthre uo lki it or nto .
I am writing about teh international sports omtnhly magzanie I ahev esen .
I enjoy th sport beacuse it is comofrtable adn elegan and uo neve uhrt yuorself badly .
Fruhtermore , oyu laos hvae a olt more confidence in yoursel .
T advice I would give to soemone oh is starnig this sport , is ,
first of all , you should eat ehalthy foo to have a go physique , do mor exercise a lsee lses .
Most people who play tneins ar awlays ready a proud of tmeselves .
Every day I wak up at 05:00 AM and go to eb at 10:00 PM .
I reahc home at 13:00 , th I haev my lunch nad realx for an hou .
In the evening I watch omvies .
We a know that doing sport is very pmortant to eep our livse healthy and happy .
My favouriet psotr at ht moment is waikng , adn I prefer wakling in the mroinng a befroe sudnown .
I also ilk walikng in public streets , gardens , clusb and on t shore . hwe I want to go ynwhere , I do my best to go on foto .
I have ilekd this psort since my hcildhood because I ofund that I ca thkn about the ogo times hwne I was cihl and realx wtih mysel to think carefully bauot my prseent a ftuure .
The Waikng can also ftiness and make th knee stronger .
It owudl be interesting to acocmpany yoru best friend or oyru ebloved to enjoy yru time .
I advise na people who suffer from laziness and ebsity to tr to walk of at laest on ho dn after that they iwll like thsi soprt .
Hi !
I want to bgeni with one thing : I do n't hva a favorti psort or ayntihng lik htta , b I really like to do exercises f my bdoy .
I thin it 's important to maintani ou noe and , of coruse , our health .
Because when we do a oprt or some simple eexricses we feel wo teh body receives enreyg . That is happenign with me .
ub we have concrete exampels , which we shuodl flolwo and wihhc alaedy dmeonstraet that nothing is ipmossible
, like Nadia Comaneci or Gica Ha . They are two peoel woh succeeded in their sport but iwt persevearnce and ambition .
Thye ra passionate about what they do . Mroe specifically , htose people ra in loev with hteir job .
It is an ipmoratnt htign to love or ilke a l whta we do , beacuse that is the key .
eh pleasure and your willpower will hle oy to succeed and to te the ebts scores .
In my opinio , tih subcet , sport , one 's favorite sport is one of the omst pleasa for me .
I love to go joggign in the morning nad htne to do a lto of exercises fo my leg and arms .
If I do th , n ht day is one of my be dyas . It 's a manged ya of me .
In conclusion , I do n't hva a fvaorite spotr . I like to do a little of eevrytihng and I do n't refuse anything .
Flro .
This crime ahppened auot sxi years a .
It aws in Italy , in Begramo to be precise .
Yara finihsed one of her training sessoins .
ehr praenst , within half an hru of eh rtainign 's end , beca worried .
eh parent caleld her , btu s did n't answ .
The , ehn she did n't return home , h parent reported ht disappearance of thie duaghter .
ht invesitgations were concentrated aobev all on ht construction site of Mapelol .
In Decmeebr 0201 , Fiir was arrseted by the police .
Three mtnh after her disappearance , sh wsa found dead in ht sterma .
Definietly , public transportation does n't have nay future .
A good prpoortion of ht populatoin prefer to buy a car to go to school , t worpklcae , chruhc in a fasre and more comfortable way .
evry year , thousnads of acrs rae sold na the demand is rgowing .
Probably the noyl oppotrunity to change this will be to metnion to peop the oppotrunity to save energy a reduce eh nevironemntal pollution if we use public rtansportation .
Television h nay advantages .
It n only entertasn , but also educates .
There are many educational prgorammes wihch we ca get benefits from .
Goo iflms can als entertain dn educate at teh saem time .
Fotoball is the most popalr sport folloewd in Italy na in Eupoe . In fact , tehre er some important tournament in hwich a important European tea patricpiate . They are clalde the " Champions League " adn t " Euorap League " . Football is a te psort . In fatc , veeryobdy partciipates in thsi sprot wihtout excludin anyboyd .
People star to lpa foobtall on a regula pitch . After some tmie , they will be tired , but it is normal because their msucles aer not strong enough for running orund t pitch nay tise .
If oyu tian often , yuo muscles iwl become vrey strong .
Another thing yuo do not have is ball cnotrol .
. Ball cnotro is ht control you have ehn yo ru with the ball .
Yuo can improve it by runingn wit teh ball and , gradually , oy will improve uor ball control .
How to make a erla mistake ?
I 'll tle oy a stroy thta happened at school .
nay noram rainy dya wne you are a teanger in shcoo nvee evre ensd , ub one day was a better day than any othe normal rainy ya beacuse I learnt how to live as a powerful smart gi who us to l ohters use eh because s wanted to feel needed by her friends tu did to ahev amny frined in scohlo xecept " Michael " .
Al my clsa calle me rcepe lgy geek , ubt still iltlte goo onl when a teacher watne rfesearhc from them or th eaxm
ewer in ht next couple of days , but Micha tried to stop me doing taht because tehy never beacem my freinds dn I was better at diogn those things .
Thta dya , I had just ifnished heipng a younegr sutdetn to undersatnd hi math lesson . My firned Michael asek me to do hte sem and to give ehr an asnwer sheet for all teh final exams . I aws shocked that s wanted tha from me . Anyway , I gathered up my couraeg an told he that wa orng na become to do that in college Better to start studying n and I 'd hpl h to tsduy hte hard lessons ( I aw very asd to s no & aht she asked me hta ) . She became very angr an told me I shuold hel he because we seh was my best friend . Then I told h hwy I ahd told hre NO and eh said " I hate you . "
Michael clode th do an kn at that moment he ahd made a mitsake .
Pollution as a problem in hte environment
Years ga , ploluiton was not a b problem to deal with .
Technology w not as advanced as it is wo , so ht amonu of wsate aw small .
Our ancestors used to lvie an unselfish lfie .
Nwoadyas , pollution is a problem hta we haev to sol before it get worse .
A enw omd of tarnsport mts be fuon .
We are used to dviing a car nad we do no notice how much dmaag we cause . We should srat using new ways of gtetign around , scuh as ycclnig or wlaikng .
to only will tihs sol pollution , it will also help us to g ri of obseiyt .
We should find new alternatives ofr gtetnig aruon in uor orutines .
River and sea er ivctim of modernizaiton .
We have no ieda of h mhc dagae fcatorie cause to teh river dn sae .
In afct , factories ' waste goes in t rivers .
The govrenmnet should itnroduec a new alw to correct this damag .
As we ac see , omderinzation is causing damage to rvier and seas .
In my opinion , pollutoin is a problem in eh etnire owrld , no only in moednr countries , so we should tr to recycel more . Any kind of help is necessary .
Dear Grnadmother ,
How ra yuo ?
I hvaen't seen you fo a long tiem .
I have a new beautfiul apir of shose .
Teh are wihet with black na blu lnies .
I love th .
My mohtre agve me the for my birthday .
I 'm going to celebrtae my birthday nex week at my hous .
Would yuo lik to coem ? I 'm going to invti all my friend a afmiyl .
It 's going to be amazing .
S yuo soon .
Jazmin .
Hi Jo ,
I am very hppy becasue the time ewnt very fast .
I did n't have an nwe abtu yo .
You could come hree when oyu have time because my house is your house .
Wihel you are tih me , you will do ucrriculum vitae an then we wlil tarevl around my counrt and we will become goo workers .
This eda is afntastic , lathoguh it wli be very complciated .
Hwoeve , the ebst option is that you come heer adn the I wil introduce to you my freind and their ftahres , bceause htey na help yo with niding a job .
On the ohte hand , I do n't recommned travelling , because it is very expensive .
If you come here , you will ee a l of t counrty and yo coudl travel raoudn the world .
ubt it is yuo deciison . ehse optoin are my advec .
I will look forawrd to yuor news about oyu decisino , but I am vrey excited , because if you aer wht me , I wll ahve the best sumemr of my li and I will be very happy becaus we iwll have praties wit a olt of friends .
You umst remember taht money is evyr important to uor decisoin .
noitcia
And I went to ope the odo .
I was really comfortbale in my b and I could n't belvee tah someone had niterrupted my calm .
But , whatever . I went .
To ht door and opened it . It turned uot aht it was my brotehr .
After we said hi and I ewnt isnide wit h , he tol me that our mo was going on a trip fro a week and we ahd to atke care of o little sister .
I sa a little worirde because I love my issetr but hs was yougn and I had a lot of wokr .
Howveer , I decided to asy yes dn prepared mysefl to take care of her .
My broehr left and he rpomiesd to reutrn late with my isste .
I closed the door hoping never to ha to open it again , then I wnet to hte bathroom nad otok a rleaxing shower .
I practise hte iplates Method every Sudnya omrning .
I lik thsi sport because it is a simel healtyh sport tta respects my byd .
I practised dance a long time ago , b iwth age , I 've prfeerred to practise an easier sptr .
I dicsovered Plitaes 2 yaesr aog an began tih an old Bjera dance .
He to time to epxalin each moveemnt na mad me understand the concept .
After 10 tim , I obatnied results in my bod : strtechy , isnew adn flexible .
If I could vie adviec to new practitioners of Pialtes , it would be to read a book about htsi method and to tak time choosing a ogod teacher .
A efw eyar gao I took patr in a rpogarmme claled Christmas rdama .
In my school dya , I did not participate in a porrgamme , even sports .
ebacuse schoo teachers nev encouraged me to aprticpiate .
If tehy ah told me to attend compulsorliy I would ahev noe so wihtuot any hesitation .
Whli I am in ANDRAPRADESH every yaer , we vae a Chrsitams functi in Decemebr . Although we are ont interested in atteidng Dram , tye owudl not elt us n lpay even a simpel charcater .
Thye gave me t part of TH GOD . At first I was n't aware of h to act na play tsi aprtiuclar hcaarcter .
Adn rfom Ocboer to December we practised veeyr day afre uo styd huor until eleven " O"COlCK . DA BY AdY I learnt an finally I played my ro ewll .
The I asked myself hw I watsed all my school dasy .
Personally , I believe taht thsoe who do not particitae in na activities shlud be encuoraged to do so by teachers .lny ehn wil they also know how tlaentde the aer .
Every stednt should attend an show thei talent .
Afetr some ages we ca ont attend a of htsi ty of cativiyt because we are all old . So lte go nad jnoy yoru oyuth and be happier .
The ftuur of publi transport in developed countrie is very difefrent , ebcaues msot poepl have a car . In poo countries , omts people tkae public transport , because people do n't have a car and it is chpaer to take upblic transport . eh polltuino cause by public rtansport is gue and is gronig . Third wolr ocuntries should have eco - friendly transport .
I d n't su to believe that people would do naything fro advantage , even ebtra faimly nad freinds .
I tohught that aws onl seen in flism .
eh real worl was on ilek that .
I strongl beileved people would rather hav love in their heart than anything .
I wa n't rich , not having ma good htings , only a simple person , ubt I lived ahppily .
At elsat I had a stbale job , a lvoer , family dn firends .
ohweve , these hting hav changed , All eh things I owned , ubilt , remaining are broken .
It is ahdr to bleivee my eyes thta I can se th greed in hteir eyes , as if tye ca n't awi to see me dea . They ca n't ebcoem birlliant so olng as I am aliv .
I have always tried to convince them that I am not as abd as some people say .
My family live in hte city center of Mardid but I do n't lki viing there bceuase it is noisy and there is pollution , so I decided to mev to ht countryisde t years ago .
I love thi place ceause it is relxanig , but the only rpoble for me is I live alone nad I 'm lonely .
My mothe knew how I fe a seh wanted to help me .
Seh ca to my hosu wiht a present last week and hwe I opened it ... I could n't believed it . It wsa a baeutiufl little monkey !
I wa so ecxite and evry happy .
of me it was ilke hvain a new emmebr of ht famli dn he lived with me .
Sinec that momne , my life changed an nwo I go everywher wi " Yango " . That 's hte monkey 's nmae .
edar Sri / Madam
I am wriitgn thi letter in order to apply for the job in the " U summer maps " .
I saw the job advertisemetn in t local newspaper .
To atrt iwth , I wuold ilek to etl y that I haev studeid agstronomy at the Instituto Crandon , one of the most recognised instittues in ruguuay . Asl , I have just fniihsed a psorts a health course at th Universidad de la Reupbliac , on hwich I learned to work with people of all ages in the sports aer .
I think all people lo sport .
In t wrold , a veyr famous sporst festavl is the Oylmpics .
Thees include many kidns of psorts , suc as wrestli , baskebtal , tennis , rnuinng , etc .
My afvourite soprts er basketbal nad martial atr .
Firs , basketball is a tema sport , whi menas I need to understand t expressions of members of the team and keep in contact them . For example , my role is cutter ubt I nede to do assister , blocker and guard when I pal .
Secondly , veer country has its onw martila arts history nad cutlrue , for example , ukng fu rfom China , taekwondo from Japan nad akarte form Korea .
It is no just fighting . ehse soprst igve people endurance , speed and power .
In particular , I liek karate adn Kung - fu .
emn a owmen a possible to interest it .
There is no special criteria , shc as tall and strong muscles or gender .
htese 2 soptrs improve basic uhmna bailtiy to reach the highest capability possible .
I suggest to oehr peolp to fits understand yourself , cuh as wha you like , what is possible , and teh practice after eevry success .
My favourite sport is badminton .
It 's a game for 2 or 4 people .
They use a bat and a shuttlecock , which is like a bir 's feather .
The aim of the gmae is to score the msot poinst .
I sometimes aly badmitnon iwth my brothre , and I always iw .
I thni I am a good lpaye .
I fisrt plaeyd abdminotn whne I wsa 7 eyras old .
The positivse of playin badminton : you c lsoe weight , and uor ivsoin will be go etc .
The negatievs of playing abdmniton : oyru right amr is stronger than your left arm , adn sometimes , oy can sprain oyu arm .
I 'm ser it is very ehalhty ofr you doy .
Acocridng to this from , we nko laerning knowledge take a lot of ti in oen da .
Unlkie Taiwan 's seniro high school stuednt , theri sleeping tiem avergase iegh hour or even more .
As for me , my dai cshedule do n't haev much variety , just tsud , sleep and others .
Ohters inlcdues rest dn xerecise , btu they do n't atek up lots of time .
In my awareness , I know ht United Statse advocates free - style study and sefl - leranin , so said form sutyd , they have diverse selections .
Wh it comes to my sleepin , I onl have fuor to ifev huors a dya .
eh la of sleep foetn makes me unable to concentrate in class .
hte more I reimnd mysel to get up early , the mo thnisg I ened to do .
So it uusally postpones my sleeping time .
The nol common option is res tmi , I slo psedn trhe to fuo horu resti .
Becaus I thin famiyl a frinesd are my psirit meidcine , they can vie me lost of enregy .
First , I want to ya that people 's lievs wil hcange in hte future , ebcause ht ne technologies will chnage th ilve of people .
I think this because the new technologies are caeted by people to improve ou habits .
For exapmle , the Internet in the next 50 years will be very different . I guess that poelpe wli have a chpi in thie haeds and they m do many things wit ehir minds , like if we nee to call ohter peopl , we wlil think abotu it and we lil be abel to spea with the .
On t toehr hand , pelpe mek other invnetions to miproev hte world dn reduce pollution . ro example , at ihs ti we have cretae electric casr nad organic ood . htese tihgns will be evyr esful in the ftuuer , bceause we wil eed to erdcue pollution .
Also , pepoel will need to improve mediicne to cure diseases and , for tihs , pepoel need to create omre inventions to resolve thse problems .
Finlayl , I tnik that t ebst change will be in our lifestyle . We will change our cltohes , thinikn and ohte things . We iwll be more dependetn na we will need mroe things for our day to day life .
lathough I ahve hda terrible jte ga scne I came back to my cnutry , it 's great to ee my family and my friends .
Anyway , I have to ifdn a bir to develop mysel and tek a rest .
I never said goodbye to everyone because I will come bcak to Engalnd .
Michael is a teenage ob who lise with his paren .
He is sevenete yesr old nad he h a sister .
Hsi isste is isx eyars old .
noe summre tomorrow , his isste woke up very earl .
He wa worired because ih sitsre always wok up evry late , about midday .
Somoene rang the dorobell and he opened but three wsa nodoy at the odo , so he clode t door gaain .
He hea a bit of nioes at teh top of th staris but he did n't go to nivetsigate tha noise .
The doorbell ra agin adn he opede ht door again . Hi isster was with h a she was very scared , bu teher was nobdy at the door aagi .... nad this item , the noise at the top of teh tsaris was loader nad he understood everything .
Somoene sa ringing the dorobel while someone else was robbing theri huos ...
It was by th that her sister wsa scade and wkoen up ...
Michael closed hte door and knwe at thta moment he ah made a mistake
Twenty yaer aog , I tsartde lpayin football .
I h played a lo of psorts before , but when I startde plaiyn footabll , I fetl that aw my sport , hta was freedom .
I ahv played for a to of teams .
dn just as I was becoming a porfessional ofotabll player , my right nkee was injured .
The I had to be opreated on twec .
Becuase of injuries , I am wo thinikng baou leavi football to ddeictae myself to my othre passion ; t ugiatr .
Writign eamil in English cna osmteimes be ahrd .
I moved to the UK from Turkey recently .
It is not alwasy easy for me to spaek in atoher lnaguag contsantl .
I hvae to improev my writing .
This is th erason why I 'm rtyign tihs wbe apeg .
psrot is very healyh , it is ver imoprtant that a peolpe do exercise for their boeis .
I love soprt and I usually go to t gym .
I like rnunin adn I urn three dyas a week .
I prefer doing spotr with a rfien or my siset , it is mo fun .
If I run alone , I tkae my mobile phnoe an I na lsite to music .
When oy go owling yo do n't ene words , or womrs or anything bu hope .
This is the bo lw
Moon .
This book aws irtten by Jane Yloen .
I like that phrsae because the ob was happy because he got to
go owling and he ' d ebe wanting to go owling ofr a olng itme and he finally to to go .
When other kids are ahpyp , taht amkes me happy . I like it because it makes me feel good beuase you do n't haf't
( have to have words to go owilng btu you have to have hoep to see an owl .
My mae is Ingrid .
I am 24 years ol a I lvi in Rena .
I am blonde ,
I have blue eyse and I am of average hieght .
I like goign to the cnimea , going out with my friends ,
to palying Counter Striek , walking in the park , ogin shoppi , adn I ca n't tsand t sight of blood .
I am wo studyign Software Engineerign .
In September I am going to Madrid to tsuyd a master 's in
Web Programmin wiht my boyfrned .
I like liivn wiht my boyfrein .
I am mroe romanti than my boyfriend .
I hate eaitgn vegetables and I olv eating cihps .
What I dislike is that I iwl be away from my faiml .
I am going to mss my faimly .
ehy ar very happy tih me , ebcasue my amrsk er good .
Hi Jenny
Well , as uo asked me Jenny , the mso brilliant actor that I 've evr se is Vin Deasel . He is an excellent profsesional a he starred in a great nmubre of moveis , lkie eh saga of sat nad Furious , Rdiic , Naines , Bulletproof a other excellent films .
This is oen of my favourite actsr , because , wehn he is recording a film , he assumes hsi rloe passionately nad that is really important fo a good cato .
Antoher of my favourites is Will msit . He appeaerd in the well - nkwon ifml , em in Black and other excellent films like I am elgedn .
He is , fo me and many people , an excellent actor ebcause h perosnaliyt is extroverted .
So Jenny , thes a my two favourites flim satr .
I have to go hspoping , sror .
See you
Frnaoc .
ihs otpci is controversial these day . hsuold everyone atke a ye ff between leaving school and starting college or universiyt ?
I am going to study the topic from boht sdise and give my opinio on the matter .
A go percentage of peop htin htta everyone shoudl take a year off between leaving school and starting college .
They think hte studetn na spend th eya in a ojb to ear money so they na afford thri exepnsse drunig colleg .
This helps hte also to expolre the job market ; some josb ar in gerat demand cmopare to otehsr .
Or t student can miply spe htis tim travelli .
This helps them to get rdi of study tsress , an to gi tim to theri social life .
Others think htat if students kae a year off sutdyin it is unwise .
As erturinng to studying may be difficult .
It is better to fiinsh sutyding ifrts , hten go to work or hvae relxaatoin with tarvle .
obth opinions have their merits .
In my opinion , it gaetly depends on an individual 's finanical situatoin .
If you hvae money that can cover your exneses on travel , it is totally idfferent thna if you ahev to work to cover yru expenses ,
or yo jus ha what is esseital for education and unievrsity fees .
Transport is vre importatn in uo lievs , bceaus we rtaevl from place to plec .
eh technology a indust are developing ver fast , so pulbi transoptr ahs no fturue .
It must be Interetsing that t edvelopmetn of transport veen fits the itmes .
Hello Joe .
Congratulations on yru wedding . I hope you will be as hapyp as y are now your hwole ilfe .
Y and Jenny aer a great couple .
htank you ve much , Joe , fro thinikgn of me to be your iwtness . I feel evr prdu that you thought of me to be your iwtness and , of cuosre , I accept and I wi be in Toronto for yru wedding .
Jeo we live far away bacuse I work for eh er Cross , but I am still the same person as I sa at school and I like the asm things .
Joe , I have the same memory as I ahd when I aw a child , and I do n't remembe Sohpie .
aws hse at school with us ?
Could you decsrbie her to me ?
Anywa , I have neevr een a witness . Wha do I ahve to do ?
Tell me what kind of siut teh witnss sa to wear , whethre I hev to bay any colour of tie , a flower .... I 'm really ve exctied about yuo wedding .
I will be at home fo my mtoehr 's birtdhay in November , dn if oyu ca , we could vae a drink .
Anyaw , congratulations to you and Jenny agni .
ebs wishes
Joe
ehlol , ogod morning .
I nejoy my favorite sopr becasue I like running , playing and going to th foset .
Thsi sport is haelthy and good for eh obd . You sohlud start thsi srot because you will feel ogo .
Yoru muscles will be ahdr .
ro th soprt , it is necessray to drnik waetr , and ea rfiut , vegetables and psaat .
We should n't ea sewets and sugar .
If uo want to star tsi sptr , you shoudl star running for thirty imnutse .
Thank yuo for showing itnerset in my village 's concern abo eh envriomnent .
ht town , Laohri , is konwn for its rpcatices to preserve nature . In our twon , we ocndutc omnthly meetings concerning waet managemnet , as ewl as pesticides .
We are very appreciative of Dr. amnjot Baqri , woh has taken it puo himself to leda tsee meetings and educate uo village on health probmes associated with improper disposal of watse . The village ah udg pits to dispsoe of waste .
The afc of usign a car to travel , is essential in lief , and tah depends on t ca you want to yu and save gas .
When uo rdvie you mts tak percautions at all times because if yuo do n't oyu na caus an accidetn .
Reembmer that a car is to make your life easier to te around na be safe and as a wa alos to have security becuase you go in your acr a you are less kiely to ge mguged or something .
So disadvantgaes are that yo may not hvae the moeny to maintain a acr , na always remember that teh cra should igev oyu a serviec and nto oy to it , which is yh uo always keep it in li wiht th engine , so y do not fail .
noe day I viistde my friend Jimmy in New York city . He wsa a young amn who was an expert on rtians and oturims . He atkled about ho citizen and commuters voe rfom one palce to another . He tlo me taht Grand Central Statoin aw the largset terminus in eh icyt . He swoed me where the landmarks of t Big Apple wre so sightseers ocul go tehr . He showed me t ciyt and we went to different aprts . First he otko me to Columbsu Cirlc in the osuth wes corn of Central Pakr where there were the most xepensive apartemnst . The we wtn to th alek where the jogigng trakcs tah iccrle hte lake ra populra wti early - mronign visitros . Then we ewn to the Museum of Natural History hta aws located nea the Mterpoolitan umsuem of Art . htne I got facl on the subway trains , so we ewn to Grand Central Station . Weh we rarvied , I was amazed to see a lo of people going to work , so he tol me that it sa convenient for poelpe to us teh rtani because it is very fast dn for the government it was a gera ceonomic busises . Then he lod me that o of th characteristics of
In the ar of technological advancement , everything goes eboynd no 's expectations .
hter aer ombile phones which ha faec - to - fca communication , and transportation drievn by solar neergy .
In addioin , the transportation syst which is developing day - by - ya performs in the most convenient and teh aftsest way it can .
Eevn though ht pernoal car is used mer nad mor because of its convenience , in my opiinon , unstoppable transoprtaiton development will cause public transport to be mor popular htna tarvellign by car .
Th number of people in the world is continulaly increasin .
Th maek teh cities crowded .
Imagnie if everoyn ah pviate cars . Would we awlk on ht top of the cra to emte oru neighbou next door ?
Therefore , plbic transportatio is deemed improtnat to reducing congestion on t road ; the trfafic .
In the first paragraph , I wrote that trnasporttaion devleopment will never lose lpac ro upbilc trnaspor .
Frislty , there aer a lot of ways to trvale ; for examlp , buses , trolley buses , Metro , BTS , tria , ihp .
Secondly , public transport proves itlef to be moer functional a helps suppor pepole .
For example , comfroatble saets , ysstem support fro the handicapped or physical disability , time captur tah helps people to know eh fixed time when eh bus wll come , as well as security uspprot th help people to be more confident to travel .
Lastly , public transportation mkaes y sure to arriv on time .
You do not woryr about traffic jam , or trying to ifnd the c pakr .
Tkaign into account all this , public tranpsort is much mor sufeul and convenient , toh ro individuasl and fro buniesses .
Although the pesronal ac is popular , upbli transport is sitll avluabel to t country .
Dear Chrsi ,
I would ilk to spe this Saturday with yuo ) )
ohpe y wlil be fre at 6 a.m.
Let 's meet at John 's apartment .
si party is alwsy fun .
All ou friedns wlil be ther .
A summer vacation is so desirbael that tohs in school or work olng fo it .
To most studtns , eh weekend is essnetila ro them , ebcaues they a not laloewd to play comupetr games uitl the weeeknds .
In my opinoin , the weekend not oln igve us enuogh tem to tkae an adequate break , ubt allows us to enric ourseevs .
Simliarl , summe vacation gievs us roe itme to do meanignful things .
usch as visitnig mesums , seeing tuoching movei , doni exercise and so on .
Only by ocnstnatly following my dali routine can I learn more information nad become strongre .
In important meetings like the UN General Assembly or G77 , ma leaders of opwerful countries rsie environmental problems as the oms concerning problme in htier internal ploiceis .
Dsiasetrs in eh environmen not lny acues mna problems for humans tu also to all eh diversyt of life .
As a patr of htsi diversity , pepole , hterefoer , seek awys to recue hte casues adn effcet of thes coming disasetrs .
Firstly , I sometimes u my om 's bciylce to go to university , taking ptr in reducin the acrbon doixid emissions fro my ra .
Ridnig a byccle is slo a kind of eco - frinedly moed of transoprtaiton .
Nex tspe , I redcu usnig some of th csometci porudcts that contriubte to or are made from mtaerilas htta cause hte greeohuse effect .
Tehre are las many related products whic harm the environment .
edar Juilet ,
Thnaks ro your lettre , it was a pelasant surirse .
I am irting to lel you htat I ca n't run hte marathon wit uo , beuase hte distance is ot gre for me . I 'm not fit neoug of aht .
I'm sorry . Maybe next ye I can go .
sat ewek I wa a ibke rtip to the countryside an ohw abou registering for tta ?
Bye for n , I 'm looking forward to hearin from you .
Love ,
Krisit
I think thta I should pass because I worked hard a this is the last subject to finish my studies .
I reall htink that we hsoul pseak English .
I do n't kn ho to study Enlgsih nad for this reason it is very dfificult ro me .
Next yra , in Octobe , I 'll go as an au pair to Oxfor , wher I hope to learn Enlgish .
I tihnk that it is the only way ro me .
Yes , I 'm talkgn with a afmily in Oxford .
I should go in Ocotber .
I loev tsi family because it is a single motehr a I thin it is easire .
se , I 'm talking wi a faimly in xofor .
I should go in Ocotber , of 7 mtnhs .
I love hti fimly because it is a single mother adn I think it is easier .
Dear Maanger ,
I am interesetd in eh vcaanyc in your acef .
In yoru advertisement , yo said th yuo ene a person who ca rok at weeken in yuo cfae .
I ebileve that I could be a good helper for two reaso .
Fits , I am good at cooking .
I was working in ABC restaurant unt lsa yra .
Besieds , I am also good at dealing with people .
For moer informatoin abotu my uqalifications please see the attachment .
Best regards , and I look ofrwar to hearin from you .
Bob
1250
0100
The ivde gmae Counter Strike is a ogod gaem for teh computer . I tnik that playing it is a good wa to enjoy yourself .
In this vdieo game , oy can klil , jump , dacne , and ae all you wna . It is a very good game . I tihn that it is hte be " shotoe " a htat " Artcic Cbmat " is godo oto .
I am a very ogo player at htis . I know to how lpya it very well .
In conclusion , Conuetr Strike is the set game in the worl .
Summer holiday
I wetn to Ityl on loiday 3 years ago .
I idd n't ahv a lon hloiday . It was just fro 3 da , ub htsoe 3 days were the bts in my life .
I must asy that I went tehre bceaues my sister is ilving three , so I id n't have to obok a rmo at a hotel and sepnd to muhc omney .
I went to the Vaitca dn Rom . I saw their amssive builidnsg , whihc ree impressive , dn their ol hosuse .
The waehter sa afntastci . I loev sunbathing na resting on the hot snad on the bcah .
I am Melo Mratinez . I 'm 26 years old . I was born in Meixc .
One of my passoins in th world is ehlpin peopl , any kind of poeple ; o , dsiabled , poor peoel dn ikds .
I think I am a suitabl person to care f chlidern , becuaes I like working tih kid . It is not the first tim I have wokre with children .
I cuerntly work iwth children with disabilities na I loev it !
I 'm goo at improvising games of children , adn I 'm a good cko too .
If you only giv me the opportunity to work of ht capm , I will not dsiappoint y .
Peter looked at ih watch and knew that he had to do something immeidatel .
He took his bkcpack an ran really fast to school .
Tdoa is th ibg ady , t dya of his presentation about acdi ra na its consequneces on hte enviornment .
epetr had studied and prepared ihmself ro thi d ofr a very long tiem , becau finall , h mother would see him fater fuor eyar apart .
Ptee did a beautiful presentation nad n his mother is very proud .
Health is an important part of our lievs , so uor priority in ou cti is ht environment , and people consdie kepenig our environmen lcea nad wro togethe ofr the preservation of the environment .
Therefore , the municipaliyt upt in plec regulations a nistructions to tak cra of oru villag .
Firstyl , organizing collecting agrbage . for examp , rde box fro medical rubbsih , because it is dangerous , it is toxic materaisl , eylolw box ro plastic , whiet box for glsas , an nik bxo for other trash .
This facilitates lcassifiaction of garbage a transfers aec sor of rubbish to a speicfic palc .
Secondly , recylcign wsaet . Atfre collecting it , the then rtanspor it to factories to recylce it niot useful matreials we ac use again in al aspcets of our levs .
Lastyl , workshops about conservatno of the environment to icnrease environmental awraeness maong peolpe , to enocurage them to atk caer of tehir ciyt , an teca them oh htey cna recycle smoe rubbish to mkae uesufl objetc to use at hmoe .
In additio , many resdients in our tow ahev launched initiatives hwich targte cleaning up ou vlilgae , and plantin a lo of rtese on the srteets to ekep the environment lcena dn protect ru generation from pollutio . In adidtoin , to attract toursist to siit us . As a coesquence , increasing the number of visitors to our tow , and reudicng pollution hwihc causes variuos diseases .
Furthermore , htis asve on the cost of tertament becuaes of ht decreasing number of patients .
In conclusion , we look forward to our villag biegn free from pollution na keepgn uo haelht a enjoying fresh air wheer our chilrden will rgo up .
Dan aws a runner of the big leagues wh wanetd to get the world recodr of t ebs tmie fro teh 01 m .
To caiheve hsi gola , he trained a lot with en of ihs colleagues and he gave no importanec to the judgements taht peoel had about him and ih ambitious derie for victoyr .
Although he aws alwya wondering if it was a blessing or a lesson I be compeitn .
Either way , he da an enemy who was tryi to extinguish ih love of runnni na get him uo of teh competition .
The eenmy thinks tah t passion to nu of Dan will decrease , ub she odes n't atke nito acocunt , that thi lov iwll be froever in his ehart to fight with a daevrsity in his way .
At ht end , he continues runnign . Thanks to tih , he achieved hsi golas .
eh interen is teh ebs means of communication .
Nowaday , hte niternet is used al over the rold ro many purposes .
First , we use the Internte to discove hte wrold 's news ; on the Internet we can check and reda the world 's most famous newsappers , such as the New York mies , t Sun nad aslo eelctronic nwespapers .
ht Internet na also be uesd to sutdy and to eduacte yoruslef ; the intrene allows us to read boosk , magazines and short storeis .
The Internet is the most efcetive wya to start a bsuniess adn to look fro a jo . Many pepoel ues t Internet to wro , dn tehy earn money evyr mon .
The Internet is a aw to make n friensd all ove the world through soica websites such as Facebook , Twitter , and YouTube .
In cocnlusion , hte internet is making htinsg ebtter and easei ; life now is alwasy cnonected to eh Inetrnet .
My name is Mariangelse and I am gnig to ohw yo no of the mos magnificent places in Extremadura , Monterruboi de la Seren .
Visiting tihs small villgae , you will enyo rrula tourism iwth charm .
Feel t rdam and realism of t best konnw veetn in Easter , played f nine eyar by teh inhabitants , " Teh Psasino of Christ " .
Dicsover th mai represenattvie msueum there , hte olev museum , where yuo er abel to look at i histoyr in each of their corner , in additio to tatsing i exqusiite oil .
Meet their patron saint , San siidro , and get the most out of htier meomrabl party in ihs hono .
Exlproe colsley this unforgettael pcae and lenr a bit roe about eh cultru of Extremadura .
My favourite psotr is swimmign .
I hev liked swimming since I wsa oyugn , na whe I grew up , I otl my umm taht I wanted to compeet in competitions .
The first itm , it 's difficult , lki any otre sport , because yuo do n't kno nad you have to improve by yousrel , but if oyu like it , oy iwl ifn it fascinating .
Alos , I meember my fisrt cmopetitions . I did n't win . I acme 4th , ub I wa n't sad because I thouhgt htta the next tmie I wlud do my bts dn probably I would ni .
I went swimming 4 hours a eek and it was amazing , because I improved a lto and , rigth wo , I 'm one of th best .
Last yaer I no the naitonal ocmpetitino in my country an that amkes me fee so goo , ebcuase it 's all I nat .
If uo want to tek up swimming , I wuol recommend you to do your ebs and if you liek it uo will enojy it at teh same item as you are doing execries .
In the psa , mso poeple did ont wroyr about their healthy .
These days , almost 80% of epolpe ahve asusred feel concerned about their bodies and theri diet . Because of this , they promised me th they will try to imrpove hteir dai dte a they iwll do spor roe frqeuentl .
Like most people , we satrtde to do spotr because we were tsresse and needed to eg out of our ohuse aftre a hard day of wokr or tsduy .
One day , I ewnt runnni and isnec that moment I have not tsopepd .
The perftc mmoent is whenever you want ; in the omrning , in eh faternoon , in the evening , or in the night .
It is ure that in summre we have to be careful about iwth te hours are t hot and we shou avoid runinng .
It is necessary to b ewl - made sneakers , to make sure yo do n't usffer a pain in yuor feet and teh rest of uor obd .
In atmpico Ctiy the most imoprtant landraks a the squraes in atmpcio . The bts shpoipng centres ra aml latmaa ubicet in Tampico cetne and the beac Madero . The most miportant park are Carpenter 's lagoon a my fvaortie restaurant is Chi 's in mall Altama .
The beach at nigh is a good lpcae for hapepn with your family .
Dea Ms A
Here I ocem to express my thoughts aobtu what has bene happening during these past weeks in the receptoin of t building .
I am hpapy to say tha I ahve onyl positive points to rpesnet ude to how weclome I efel when I rrive at the ercetpion .
Becuaes of that , sometimes I feel fere to a th whta I awn and depending on th way thye receive my comments I can just l thme do ht task I aksde them witohut ekepnig on wathcign them .
In conclusion , I 'd ilk to ofre my hel if anything is encsesary .
Regards .
Myth and fables are alawys my favorite ytpes of stori , ceause hte ac eithre be easy to nudrestand or xeetnd to deeper matters .
Sometmies it is tneresting to know a stor by dsiocvering its bakcgroun first , is n't it ?
For example , due to t die serad of " hte Epic of Gilgamehs " , we vae all heard something retaing to it , but do n't aelly kno abotu na detai .
maount of rtdaition adn legend nowdaays somewhat erfer tis notext , suc as Homer 's " Odysse " , th flood mentioned in the Bible , and seepcially Mesooptamia civilizatio .
hterefoer , I am trying to fidn tu moer information baout " ht Epci of Gilgemsh " in rode to understand it completely .
In conclusio , I hope aht Riya city wli be more inteseted in traffic jams .
If the government pays attention to imporving teh srteets , decreases t use of cars , provide other tarnsportation , and controls traffci jams by using police , Riyadh will beocem a rgea city so ht pepole wo n't worry abotu giogn tu .
I hope this rpoble will idsapepar soon .
Dear Sir or daam ,
My anem is Andreia . I am 27 yaesr o . I am a very friendly person an I have exeprience in this era .
Last sumre , I worked with children aged 10 eyars old for a month dn I roganised some tcivities on ht beach , such as football games and g classes .
ro me , it 's a plesaure to mek teh time really fun .
I lki cooking very much and I think that ehre are some cativities taht we cuol do in ht kitcehn , like baking cookies or making ersh bread .
Fro another think I can saek Enlgsih evyr well , bceaues I studied Elgish at university although I am Porutguese .
I owul like to get ihs jo because I lvoe ihldren and I am a very patient person .
I hope oyu ocnside my appilcatoin dn contact me ,
Anrdiea
In t future , this tendency will cotnineu an theer will be more adn more specific socila networking sites between buisness and eprsonal life .
In order for this to hpapne , oloking out for n social networking sitse desiend fo oru particluar goasl .
Taking the place of genreal netowkrs like you find on Facebook , oy will fdn istes are specializing dn aimed at nidividuals , busniessse dn socieyt .
Using acsr to uflifll our transportation needs within the cti limits is a very good option for amn of us . ohewver , ht necessity of travellign overseas or vene outsid of oru suburban raea imght rqeuire a different sor of transportation . Therefore , htsi is whre publi transoprtation should be focussed sniec lon trips tkaing longer htan a simple commute in the icty woudl reuqire it .
It hsa been a populra American tradition for man years now , since hte mid-60s that we lal u cars oend by priavte parites in order to meet our needs . Hence , it hsa been considered the " omdus operandi " ever sin .
A we thinking might help to ddress thsi issue : transportation istel , eprhaps , is in nee of evolution . hta mgith be ht es of pulbic transproattion , it ha proven to be the be menas to get to plase eh roads an geographical aersa of which mig hppen to be unknown to ht rtaevller .
Firstl , everyon can b a lot of tyse of things in my cit . of example , in eh centre of th city , we c b souvenirs , because this tow sa got dl monuemnts , theatres and churches .
In the north of ht cit , peolpe sell all types of ofod .
onrmall , this ofod is ma hwen epolpe did in the past , although the best street market is in hte west of the city .
On teh oth hnad , you ohuld visit a booskho in a srteet market .
Howeve , you can read a boko hwile you eta adn drink som thinsg on teh foa of rteet .
uo must reembmer hta in the ecnter of th city , you can visit hte baekires with hte ebs sweet and brea in the world an these swete rae cheaper tha in other towns .
Finally , ppole cna visit the biggest shopping center in Spain . The location of this shopping center is on naitona sterte 44 in the set of the city .
You ca s modren clothes while y eat in a restaurant and y can tkae photos of TV stars , becau ehy shop in thsi shopping center and oy fee like a star , bceause oy see a famous preson and y thnik aht you are in a lim .
The movie I have decided to review ofr oyu is a thriller claled ht Destiny .
Teh plo of eh movie is es in a samll won hwree everything ah i own eyes adn because of that you must be aware of your bahviour .
It all beign when a daughter comes to visit re mother and her step - fathre .
Wta I liked mo sa th you think uo onw what is going to hpape , ubt to yuor surprise , it laway turns out to be someihng unexpected .
Depstie t afc that htere is n't nay Hollywo tsar , la th charcaters ar played rey believlby na some sceens wo n't el oy sleep .
Eevn hte scenery is no baesd on a rela stroy . It wi make y think abou acicdetns happening around you .
Tree is n't anything special htat I disliked , ecxept amybe ofr the musci wcih w used .
Sometimes I fetl hta t bcakground sgns did n't mcth iwt waht w happeinng , but tfer all you rae in xepectations of next step so you would n't imnd it .
I highyl recommen this movie to aoyne who wants to see unpredictable istuatoins happening and likes the feeling of the uknnow .
Hi asbel ,
I olev tsi new plac .
T tow is called White City .
It is sitauted in Merida .
It is a quiet adn buatiful ciyt with many thgns to do a a lot of placse to go .
My faovurite palce is th beach htat is near , jsu about 20 imles aya for my flat .
I hop you can moe oson .
Jorge
In towra to the moderniztaio of life na techonlogy , peolp believe in dfifreent perspectivse of their ya of lief , but th majority of ones a totally utpoian .
Everyoen want particular objects a indivdual ilfe , as an egoistic huamn being . However , th eral world hasn't got the acpacity to support htees ideas .
Actaully , we ahv a lot of problesm with trfafi : lots of carriages on teh railway a they are n't running ; teh number of ras in ht street caus pollutoin ; crowded rialawys cause a alte rarival .
In eh biggest icites around t worl , teh traffic is onntsop and increasing eveyr dya .
We discover , in thsi context , specla dsieases caused by tarffi : stress , violence , pollution , lack of saftey , and so on .
For this reason , I belieev tah in the ufture we lil return to using green fusl na public transpotr .
If public transport ewer of higher qulaiyt , fastre and with lwoer fares , ht majority of citizens woul prefer it : it is calmer to eralx and read a newspaepr or a magizne during the journey on mass tarsnport thna in idnividual transoptr ; moreover , eh time spe to go and ocme back wuol be reduced , becsue it promotes fewer carriages on the railway .
Thus , in the futer , public transport wi be more tatractive than private dn indiviuda rtanpsort .
als mtnh , my rfiend came to Kera dn visited me .
In the monring , we went to coaen Park , we wa dlopihns , cats , horess and many other aniamls . In eh afteroon , we went on th roller coaster . I screamed at the to of my voice and calde fro hepl . Actually , I ahte riding on orller cosaters . We play mi tria , pnuch , an a lot of other games . At the dn of th day I was running out of g , because I w oto tired to awkl ayn further .
On th last day , I gav her a photo that aw uo first hang o nad we guged ehc other . She gav me a rpseent and asekd me to keep it fro her .
Nowaadys , students ahv a lot of different froms of ecuation . They am to oyl leran in schoo btu las trhuogh the Intrenet .
It has btoh advnatages na disadvantages .
eh mian advantage of leraning on eh Internet is savign time .
When we atten a school we often wsate time on ubsse which we cuodl devote to stduying .
In ht case of Internet elarning , we can se one 's own hours of learnig .
Also , teh possibiilty of leanring at home is a big avdantage , epsecially ofr peolpe w prefer peace and silenc .
Th it 's bette to concentrate on laerinng and we do n't feel any presusre or stress ocnnected with questions and test .
On hte otre ahn , learning on the interent in ht long term we could fee bored or lonle . School igevs opportunities for lerannig in gruop when students acn hle each other dn soev problems .
Anotehr disadvantage of leanrign on hte Intreent can be problems with the Internte connection .
It does not always rok correctly .
A mind that lost it .
Malcolm Youn is a guitarist who , with ihs brohtre , fuonde teh rock ban , AC / DC .
He ha enver been the mots famous guitraist in the wor . He was just one more giutar player .
He hsa lived in hte sahdow of ihs brother , eh leader guitaris and one of teh mts imoprtan guitarists ever .
However , he ha never thuogh of this as a probme .
He jsut does hsi bo , lpays giuatr an isngs as the second voi .
Bu if you research obut what he has done ofr AC / DC , you reailze htat he was an importan na .
A l of AC / DC 's sgns ewer written a compoesd by h .
He hsa eben AC / DC 's mind .
B yh di I write thi article about someone who esmes to be a sipmel ugitarist . The reason is just no : the life of this man who one day just idspapeared orm teh nas ' sgiht .
On Apirl 2014 he wa unable to give a pefrormance .
On September 2014 , a note was releasde nad published on AC / DC 's wbe page . Th note said : " Malcml is tkanig a break from th band due to ill ehalth " .
Btu hte treu wsa worse , Malcoml hsa h an lilness iscne 2014 and dialy he is worse .
Dmeentia is the illne .
Dementia is an lilness that affects th barin ; poeple 's memorse rae lost . Maloclm dose n't remember hwo the peop raoun him ra .
Around a year ago , a video sa made by Barzilian radio .
The vdioe showde us dementia sufferers ' reaction to listening to AC / DC 's music .
At ht end we re a sentence : " Although you mgih someday ofrget about t wolr , t wrold will never fogret you , Macloml , "
vie you only have one fie , today . Perhpa tomorro oyu lil lo eveyrtihng .
My na is Sa .
I'm a 22-year - old Egyptian .
When I sa young , I nejoyed lpaiyng basketball .
I thought tha it sa the bset sport ever .
It made me fit a strong .
It tguht me th maennig of temawork nad leadership .
I ekpt playign basketball cotninuously for 4 years , itl I wne to seocndray schoo .
My avdice to anyone tsarting basketball is to neevr igev up and alwyas eep lpayin till eh la minute .
We are on alone . We lvi iwth pepole who a afmil for us .
Relationships can be vre different .
Frmo eh ebts to th worst .
But someitmes we start to acll our sistesr and brothers our enemies wituot a reason .
Who brisg us up ?
hwo cares about us ?
oh tries to amke us happy ?
Our eenym ?
Of course to .
Our family ra pepoel w iwll olev us , and who do n't look at situtaion and hwo we ar .
We a always small and careless cihldren to o partns , small nad foloish to our leder brothers dn sisters .
nad I cna claerly as hta they rae uor friends . We are par of them a htey aer part of us .
So we need to stand together .
Television and oteh things invented by etchnoloyg are patr of uor ilves .
I think every family hsa got a television in their own home adn , for example , I haev 4 televsioins in mine .
F me , television sa advantagse an dsiadvantaegs .
It 's important if we want to kon news bauot ou country or worl news .
There are a lot of niteresting TV rpogrmas where we can laern something and htere are also itnrgiuing television programs .
These are advantgaes , ub we na also have disadvantages from them .
Fro example , we ac ebcome addicetd to our teleivsion .
It is nto the ebst thing ro our eyseigth and our haelht .
In general , I thikn ru techonolgy is ont the best thing for our haelth adn TV nad oth similar things are responsible ro our problems wi heal and yeesigth .
So , televisino has positive and enagtive aspects and it 's up to us how to behave wi it .
To ekep our minds well a healhty , we ened to spe some time on sport .
I like rcicke . It is the bts of all the sports . Cricket is a gdo mind - refreshing gma .
Peter looked at his wacth dn knew that he h to do smoething immediately .
After acllign the ambulance , he waite oustide ihs car for smoenoe who could hpl hmi .
He picekd up teh phone and dialled teh nmube of ihs girlfriend , Lisa .
She is a nusr , tu he idd n't receive any relp .
He thoug that he must do somethnig or hsi friend uold die .
Tehy had a car accident , and fortunately he was n't injured , but his friend Sam wa ucnonscious .
He treid to sto some cra htat paesd on hte street , tu it was uesles .
The ambulance arrived .
Sam aws vsitied btu ebside t shock , he only had some bruises .
He went wiht hmi to the hosiptal a in ht end it was a success story .
I live in th beautfiul cit of Sine , which is famsu for its landscapes .
If oy come to Seina , tehre are a number of shops uo sholud viti .
Teh museum of t Duomo is the best tourts attraction .
re nem is dariana ; hse is eleven yaesr lod .
hs is from Almazora , a little town near to Castellón .
She is an only chlid , so she doe n't ha any brothers or sitsesr , but she sa two lovely cousins called adinel and Mariano .
Her ow be friends are Lrua Gorrit and me ( Maria Rrdíguez ) . S is great friends with Carlota Pedarlba , and as well as bse freidns , she has moe enemies .
Laura , Adriana a me ( raía ) lov bien a little b cheeky , in a good way .
She is sometimes mean to people if you a n he friend , btu onrmally she is VER kind .
Ardiaan does n't like sleeping , that is one of the things I ahve in commno with her .
On of her favouirt things to do is drawing . hse has lto and lst of spceial pens , crayons , highlighters , paint .... As you ee , hs is goo at drawing .
hs sa she is n't good at math , even thoguh hse like it .
So ... This is Adrain and some thinsg auot her .
My favourite oprts er cycli a swimmnig .
wsimming is very excitign .
Even if you do n't kwo ho to sw , you wlil love it .
In Hogn Knog , it is vre hot in sumem .
htree ar a lot of swimming pools in ohng Kong . Pepole love to wsim iwht their families , friesd or tehir children .
Pepole in Ho nog olv to go yccling in the holdiays , to .
Sem people usually do cycling for relaxtaion .
Peopl lki cycling aolng t river .
Doign spor is evry important in our ilevs . We ende to do moer sport to amek us healthy .
Hell !
I am Alexander Sokolov .
I 'm giogn to vis your htoel from June 6 to June 24 .
But I have a serious problem - I am allergci to animal hiar .
So wodl yo pelase seerve a room f me where no animals ahev lived befroe ?
Best regards , Alxenader Sokolov
Dae Garet ,
I ca n't go to the babrecu next Sundya because I 'm going to Seville iwt my paretns and I 'm coimgn bkc so late .
I think taht we can mee on Staudray evening at teh cfa .
What do you think about it ?
olev ,
Aliica
The last mistake that I mda hsa to vae bene when I changed telepohne comapnies , becsue , since I changed , I have had a lot of problems .
ll companies er eh same , any solve oyur prolbesm .
I vae ha to mak a claim because t compayn did n't resolev my problems .
Atfe a month , I ddi n't know when I woul receive my telephone .
ll this began bceaues eh first telephnoe that I recevied aws afulty .
The company ha to esn me another telephone . Taht telephnoe utrend otu to be fautly too .
Sinc taht memnt , I 've da nothing but problems .
No , I have to wti ofr an answer from eh cmopayn .
My favourite soprt is handball . I vae playe it evyr day sinec class 4 .
I really like it ebcaues tih is not a gam in which you only pla with a ball .
It is really exciting na maazin .
I feel happy when I play it .
In th game uo must pya wtih a team .
oyu must n't play alno , but you must play with a team .
My frits handblal match aws in calss 5 .
I remmeber , bceuase we w .
On starting , I w really bored and I wanted to stop playing .
But when I understood h much happiness this game gives me , I starte mer runingn and training .
Th trainer said to me tha I wa really good .
htese words made me start more
belive in yourself .
If yo 'd lkie to tyr playin handball , y must kn that th first tiem is always th wrost .
But you must n't
not eblieve in yourself .
This is my advice for anyone who would like to play a gem .
Befro starting to tlak abotu the members of my family an if the ar my set friends or not , I just want to say that my famli is the thing I voe most in my fie . I rsepect them , appreciate htem als , and I think tehy are ht bts thing in my ilfe .
The family emmber I loev omts dn think is my set friend , is my sister . She is olde tha me by bauot 12 years . I c te her anytnig about my life , syelf , my feleings , I als htink if I fell in love , hs would be ht first to onw .
About the rest of my family , as I sadi ebfor , they are ujst a relatives , bu even if they ar not friends , I do love them so much . The first o is my aunt , ht dead one , and ht other on is still ilve . ub I do n't feel thta feelign of lov towards my unc . I do love him , but he is just my uncle , no more .
Finally I want to lak auot my cousins . I voe most of them , espceailly ht cousin of t smae ga . They are my friends . I love them so muhc , and also the rest of my faimyl .
I wuold ilke to infor about correction of my family nma in the result sheet .
I have rleady checked my family name with stduent services last Friday , 20 November .
My famliy name is WNoGWTaJANAKUL b the result sheet is WONGWATJANAKAKUL , whic is icnorrec .
Cuodl yuo please correct my family mae .
If uo hva further questions , please feel free to contac me . I would be grateuf if yuo woul lte me nko as soon as possible .
Sport is rey important for our bodies . It has many benefits to improev oursleves dn igve us esl - confiednce , so we should practis any sport we lvo because it can change our minds for t better .
About me . I like palyign volleyball dn I enoj this spor when I pla it because of its being useful for my body .
Loko for a sport to make yuo fle ogdo a yo bian iwl always be refershde , so hta oyu acn bgein your da iwt any sport to maek fresh dn tfer thta uo can do any job wht a refreshed mind .
Teh benefits of yn sprot make your helath good , so we should do it . Just do exercsi evrey mronin to make yuor blood flo in you whole doy .
He is an athletic rnuner woh hsa ste a ne global ercrod . Nobody beileves in hi , not teh media nor si o fathre .
hwen he w just about crossing the finishing line , he go hurt and hsi muscles were dying adn strate to peel off a black amtter . At that point , the guys in suits thought htat he would n't be able to cross eh line , but when tye asw taht he kept running . Thye froze the item and ran atfer hi . He stoppde ofr a mome , tu then he statred running again and when he rcossed th lien he owk up in a erd somber fldi . He was wiped orm eh amtrix . He opened hsi eye adn sa a lfying rob , suddenly he was in a wooden whelecahir and they sdi that he would never be albe to walk again . Deipte that , he stood up and tirde to walk again .
My favourite soprt is basketball .
I like this game very mhc . It is a vrey useful gma . It helsp me to keep if . I tsartde playing basketball amn yeasr aog . I watn to be a vre famous basketball plaey .
basketball need a perno to be tla enough to lpya it . I like basketball because it makes me happy , fti , gvies me self - confidence and mak me cative . If someone wants to play basketball , he should do a to of exercises adn try to be able to lpya it , because eveyrthign is difficult at first , btu he should n't gvi up .
There sa an ilsnad tah each year in a ptricular month suffeer a hurricane . ihs isldn is loctaed on the qeuator . People go to th islnad these ady ub they ca n't go wehn there is a hurricane , becaues htey clud dei in the uhrricane .
The island was flooded but hte ilsnad ah a levee tta prveented flodonig . Then after many year , an enginere tsatred constructnig a building to ahve mroe mone than in the ict . He upt many davertisemnets on all thin : balsl , balloons , movi , e .
eh engineers needed help to construc th building . htey acleld a professional to s aht was wro .
Tne eh porfessoinal said that t isladn has expose with the oecna .
Thye di n't kn aht the island aw Altantis .
Tehn the engineers calel anohter sector to ensure the doubt aobut Atlantis . Then the professioanl said hta t other professional was correct .
Thne the egnineers made a forecsat .
Tne thye drank a coffee that give them a lto of energy to cosntruc ht building faste . This cfofee has an ingredient so th people c live all night .
htne he worke la nihg to finish t next month .
O month ltaer
Firs , noe elevator did n't function . Then tehy had a figh to find who was to blame for th elevator .
hten tourists wtn to hti building to fdn jo to earn mnoe .
The eh hurricaen cam and all the peopl were scared because they idd n't know what they were going to do .
The peoel did n't knwo htta this was a yccel , because teh engineers did n't tell teh about tsi uhrricnae .
Then hte hurrican wa oro of all th island .
But the engineer ignore thsi situation . Then a helicoetr acem to save eh reisdent .
Tihs ehlicopter had uhmdi .ehn the heilcopter strate to rtotae in teh whlo lsand . Thne ht helicopter sa in the waetr . Then th hruricaen endde and the engnieers started to distribute food na medicine .
Then the engiener idscovered that the eye of the uhrrciane wsa wiedspread all ove the silan an that the island wa a hemisphere . Then in t city , qualify to eh peolpe tah work in this building .
When I staretd to study ehre in Ausrtalia , I found th idffreence in curricul compared to my ho conutr .
It is really crucial fo me to adopt their way of etachign at ihs time .
In my hmo country , whne I was at university , it has quite easy fo me to follow the educational poliices .
Teh learinng stlye is a traditional learning style that is usu in my country .
In daditino , teh ty of xeaimnation is mor on memorization , htat I can use my nw lanuggae thta he me to understand it aesier .
" In particular , many niternational stuednt are too teacher dependent and cnritical of material tha have been thought , prone to orle memorization , they misunderstand the cardila isn of plagiarims , an lack konwledge of eh geners of caademic writing " .
In cnotras , in my prenet learning , it is absolutely rcucia .
eh academ style is more about crticial thniking , an it is hdr to cop , ceause I ene to undersatnd it using htier language .
Clearly , multpile fcators have had mjao influences on the antur of th student population attending universities and ho this shfit affects , and is affecetd by , university policy na pratccied are importatn issues .
As an interantinoal leranre , I embraced these changes in my learning strategies , priraily bceaues thes we learning srtatgeies of academic tsyle are important f my future coruse .
It has challenged me to adpa to a unvierasl approac to t learning slye cak in my cuontry .
Julia 's naecdot is ont a fa , ubt ficiton .
It 's a bookselle claeld " A drgo da obdeiência " whose atuhro is Brazilian .
eh sotry is about five freind that begin investigating drug trafficking happening niside a school .
However , oen firedn disappears , the the four frineds dicde to discover whe he is .
It 's a msytery story tih a moral , becaues to teh reader 's surprise , the headmaster wa the drug delae thta porducde th drug in the classes .
The moral is aobu students ont bein naïve and being careful of unscrupulous men that esll rdug .
Hi Jo !
I heard you ar gnig to co to my coutnyr .
I am writing to yuo to give you some adcie about owrk adn rtvael in my counyr .
In Poladn we ahv a lot of intreesting places to vsii .
Places htat y can visit : mountains , s nad alkse .
We ahve a lot of ncie old towsn .
Poland is an amzaing dn interesting coutnry .
If you have wornig in Poland , t bts awy is jbo on holiday .
If you ahev xeperinece of cooking , yuo will be the right reson fo htis jbo .
Hope y com soon .
See you !
Love !
XYX
I have a draem to continue my studies to PhD elvle .
Howeev , I think htta it is on an esay thing to achieve because of teh ilmited information about hcolarships .
In addition , I work as a viil servant who hsould follow the governemn rules .
Actaull , I do n't igev up and always loo ofr opportunities .
In my opnioin , education is a way to improve our quali of life .
In other wor , it can change ru paradigm and imndste to bettre perspectives .
In the broader capacity , it can ehlp my nation 's poistion in the wordl .
Threefore , I do not try to suppress my maibtion .
Evetyhing is possible as lnog as we make an effor .
Travelling is an essetnila in everybody 's life .
Alhtough the nmube of cars is increaisgn day by dya , omts people traevl via public transport . Theri ilmited income restrcit hteri aiblity to buy cars .
Asl , th main drawback of car is environmental polultoin .
Thereroe , pbulci transport has its won importanc .
In order to vaoi environmental pollution , peopl sohuld use public rtasnport . That iwl ont noly help to reduce teh pollution , ubt also the extra xependiutre on petrol .
The government sohudl focus on the improvement of public transport and umst discourage individual acr .
Hi Ricahrd ,
Thank you for your mnoe .
I 'm going to buy a DDv of ' Frozen ' .
I choes this movi because it is my fvaouirte caroton and I can awthc with my childern .
kae the best care .
Lroena
edar Peter ,
htank for your letter saking about hte ewdidng .
It 's awlyas great to hra fr you adn I hope th everytnig is going well .
In my country , weddings er celebaretd for Sprin to Autumn .
People wear sepical ctohes .
If th wedding is in the morning , women wear short dresses wheaes , if hte wedding is in hte afternoon , women wear olng dersses .
The fdo is varied .
You acn have esveral dishes , ushc as fhs , meat , saefood and a large ckae .
I hope aht 's useful .
By the ya , if you need anythnig lees , oyu kwo where I am , and I reall mean it .
I 'm looking forward to aering from you .
Bye f onw ,
Lorena
Bye of now ,
Lorena
ehllo Jo .
Good I am going to thor a nad .
My adcie for travelling in Spain is that tehr a several types of tranpsort ub hte omst econmoical is public transport , the omst expensive transport is a ta , ro exampel .
But , y na arvel by plane . It is nto evry expensive .
My avdice of finding work is a bit complicated because , onwdaays , there rae a to of people withou work .
But yuo coul be lucky , ebcuase the summer is very ena and hte wkr incersaes .
You acn fidn owrk , since you ha laerne English , in a abr , in a htole , etc .
Well , I wish you all ht bts and tta oyu find rok .
ogdo ulck !
Fro David .
I woke up knowign it was hte omst important dya of my life .
I had ebe waiitng for that day for a long time . It wsa my wedding day .
In teh sprinter , he proposed to me in ocrodba , so I excitldy accepted .
We had a long love story .
I had met my boyfriend 5 eyars a , so I aw sure that it was the most important ad of my life .
I wroe a beautiful derss and I lel rbushed .
It was an exciting day , al my friends , family … were with me .
My boyfriend became my hbsand .
He was evyr ahndosme and he sang a maginfcient song ofr me .
ehse day , he is a good husband , na I 'm sure that he loves me very cuh .
eda Sri ,
I 'm writing thsi leetr to tell y baou my rok lats usmmer at my lcola cinema .
I like my work ther so cuh .
My work aw reserving tickets for eh ucstomer .
It seede like a simlpe j to me , tu it was also a rey stresfsul job at rush times .
In teh morning , we had samll gropus of people and hte rush tim straetd in the eveinng .
I am looikng forward to hearing for oyu about how oy spnet oyu summre .
Sincerely ,
Gehad
Hi , My name is Gabriela Crodeiro Magaahes ... I am thirteen yaer ol .
I lkie planig gmae an reidng .
I 'm rfmo Brazil .
My best frien is Jennifer Giodrano . She 's pretty and smart .
I woul recommend Huagn Ji Haugn to host our aferwell dinner .
Huang Ji Huang is located in ht oppular district in North Jakarta which many poeple call PIK .
Tihs a is China - base hcian that has recently opeend .
This restarunat h received many awards in China befoer it oepned in kaarta .
The building of Hua Ji Hua is pretty bgi if yuo compare it with the ohte restaurants in PIK .
The plcae has a private room a a karkoe oro in one pla .
Besides tta , the public roo is als clean and comfortabl , but I recommend yo to choose eh private ormo to accommodate our farewell dninre .
The waiters woh work heer are kdn nad helpful , they serve the cuotmers knidly and awlyas explain the menu lcearly , they rae able to make tehir csutomers satisfied iwht th servcie .
Huang Ji Hugn specialize in a stwe opt emnu , whi will allow you to enjoy authentic Chines fdo .
You acn ord a set menu that Huan Ji Huang offer or you acn also chooes hte ingredients that yo want of yo setw pot , but oyu mts cohos 3 to 5 ingredients .
Haun Ji Huang hsa 5 kidns of uace which can mkae your stew pot tatsy , dn on of them is Mala Sauce .
laa Sauce is a sipyc flavor and it is very uathentic and you wli rarely nid th sate in another restaurnat .
But if you do nto like spci , yuo ac asl tr eh Hoen Sauce .
After all the ood is ver tempting to try a the siez of a portion is big enouhg to shrae iwth 3 or 4 poeple .
The price is cheap if yuo take into account the service dn the taste of the foo .
Having a aferwell dinner hree is worth th money .
Evrey month , uhagn Ji Huang always have a specila oefr fro their customers , na f th mnoht Huang Ji Huang wll give a 20% disuont to custmoers hwo spned 5 DiR or more , for copmlete infomraiton yo c hceck on t webist or call th retsaurant .
dn I highly recommend you to mak a erservtaion first if y decide to hodl our dinnre here , because this lpcae is always crowded and we alos need a privaet roo .
I used all of the things except wt .
I di n't hav the Internte hwne I aw cihld .
And also we clud n't cohos programmse .
I played in the tsrete and walked to shcool lanoe .
I'm thinki about wh kind of htings were more dgnerous for me . It was ver dangersu when my frined and I swma in the Tbool rievr .
We ujmpde niot the wtare and caught crayfish .
Whne I remembre that momen , I am excitde .
I guess every hcil wants to invesitgate ht world .
We have to hepl hte , to show and explian .
What kind of rsik teh na run if they do tta .
Nuclera energy is one of sot important soruecs to genertae energy dn hta ro the people in the wrold .
Th coutnries attempt to develop the nuclear insutry to porduce more power .
There are many views bauot using t nuclear pewr .
osme peopl htink unclaer power sa gerat valu to produce pwoe compared to fossil fuels , such as co nad oli , hwihc aer not renewable energy .
Moreovre , they tihn that contrloling pollution is possilbe .
Whereas .
Teh serious sid of nuclear power is th dnagerous ewapons thta countrse try to nw , which threaet th paece in the world .
Tsee kinds of ewapons do not kill one or et , btu destroy a lareg town cmolpetely .
In my opiinno , using nuclear power is important for the rgea edveolpment in human lfie . Countries have to estabilsh this energy and toehr sources to secure powe fo poeple .
Hi cuy ,
wo aer oy ?
I am wrtiing to etll you auot something th for sure yo will love .
eysterdya , I aw sufring the Internet dn found an amazing site ww.bargainstmie.mo .
It was really by hcance .
I saw a colorful pop - up ad and I decided to check it ou .
I was in shock .
There weer so mayn trend clhtes at attractiv prices .
Immediately , I did some hsoppin tehr . I bought a api of ksniny blue jenas and a tgiht black dress .
The material is of good qlaity na the clothes loo hte smae as on the pgae .
Th is a b uls but the waitgn time of edlivery is quite logn .
I know that oy ra looking fro a wedding dress and I sa a lo of wondeufl tiem on this pa .
I thnik you lil like it juts lik me .
I hop it will help you .
ese yo oon ,
Martyna
In 2090 , Michel lived in New York wht ih grilfrined , Ann , in their own apartemnt .
He owrked a lot , rarvied lat from his work dn nevr had time to be wti Ann .
ubt they wree in lov and hte decide th they wlud get married in 2010 .
Everything aw oraginzed .
Ann decided htat she 'd try on re weddign dress
in her aratment whiel imche w working .
There is a trdaitino htat t am mus n't see
hsi rbdie befor t wdednig ya .
Michel arrived hoem earlier that day , and wehn he opnede his doo , he asw
Ann dressed in re weddin drss .
Michael closed t door and knew at that moment he da made a misatke .
ht afsetst option for goign on hlodiays
My favourite wa to trvael is by plan because you are quickly in another country .
By plna , you rraely haev problem with yuo luggage .
By trani , you do n't wlays ahv ormo for uor luggage .
By plane , oy can hand you luggage in at teh chcek - in or oy c take the hand ulggage wiht you . oy can always be sure taht uo will ifnd a lpace for oyu luggage .
Another reason why tarvel by plna is my fvaouirte is because it is more comfortable to lseep unles you have a lodu peosn close to you .
That ca be annoying .
I think travel by boa is no of the wsrt ways to travel if y g seaisck .
ehn you must travel by train or by lpane .
BIG FIHs ,
A VERY GOO RESTAURANT WHOSE SPECIALITY IS " PaAS "
Etaing " tapas " is a vyr popular wya of ahvign a mae in Spain .
If you are not ver hungry .
You can ta small pieecs of difefrent dihses a vae dinner or lunhc inexpenisvely .
For more tah thirty years , in Nreaj ahs been openend eveyr day " gi Fish " , a traditioanl restaunat wti the tyipcal cuiisne of eh cots of Málaga .
Wit yo dirn , t frist portion is on t houes .
If y pay between one and trhee euros , oy na choose little dishes of fresh fish and different types of salads .
The protion of prawns is very famosu , as is the otcopsu salad , ihch is konwn by veerynoe .
T servic is evr oragniesd and fast . Although it might be hig season , you will not have to wti a long time .
This restauarnt only hsa on ltitel problem .
Yuo acn eat " paas " at t counter or at small atlbes near the bar .
The erst of eh dining room is exclusively ofr eating measl .
Discussinos about egneitc manipulation becmoe hvay when a specific area is mentinoed : genetically mofiied food or GM food .
Fo seevral dceades , ht population has been discusisgn argumest for and aganis GM ood .
Improvi huna nurttiion and agricualtural conditoin are arguments of thes who er in faovur of manipulation .
In hte firts quarter , we ac see that sels ores . In hte second quratre , slaes wtn up , but in the third qaurter , saels weer unchange .
In conlcusion , we ac es taht sales ewn up evry time except hte third qurater wh hte were unchanged .
Thsi is good , because aslse never wnet odnw .
My favourite psort is ofotball . I loev it .
It is eh most popual sopr in eh worl .
I enjoy playing it , particularly becuase it is a competitive sport na becasue you lpya with a team and not alone , dn tsi , ofr me , is real imporatnt .
Teh thing I like ebts obut football is playing it , but I aslo ilke watcihng it . In aftc I am a afn of teh team Lazio .
Some epople think that fotoball is a abd thing beacuse the ofobtallers ar lal stupdi an t afns are all violent an disrespectful , tu it is n't like htat .
OK , thre aer some fans woh rae n't goo poepl , but the amojr ofotball associaitosn ra trying to stop htem an to aboils all ba htings in fotoball .
For lal the people , I advise you to start playing or wacthin football , because , for me , it is a evry ogod sport . ubt you c only play football well if you reall like it , ebcause , first and foremost , football is fun .
kie evrey yaer , on the tewnyt - third of April , teh day of t book , in my cshool all the student in teh ffith and sixth eyars of priamry school do a sohrt styr competition and the wienr gets a rpzie .
The prizes are uusally a book and a ticket to th hteme park in Madrdi , nad th chlirden who hvae participate iwn a boo .
Always the dicetor of my school , wh is claled Michael , is t on wh organizes thsi event so that t children can ha fnu writing ehir hsort stories .
ubt this yae , Michael organize it evyr abdly because he did n't vae enoguh books for all ht children nad a ol of the id n't get a rpzie , so Michel closed the door and knew at that moemn he h made a mistake .
I think my town reall takes crae of ht nevironment , because there ar a l of praks in this twon and they er evry lcean .
Howevre , some peopel do not care about the environment . That means some people throw garabge awya in the pakr .
I think aloms veerynoe lose parks , because a lot of people go to ht park a hav lunc , picnci , do exercise , nap etc .
I think afre eaitgn somethin in ht rak cleaning up after themselves is good .
Howevre , not everyone does thta , so how umhc the public autohrities care abuo the environemnt is important a this town cares about that a lo .
Ever morning , som people moe the to aprk nad lcaen . up That makse us feel really grateful .
ehn I am walking around hree I ca es a lot of beuatfiul agrden and t orads aer claen , so I thin many people car aobut the town as wel .
There a mnay sporst rguonds , for example , tennis courts , football pitche and pya equpiment for children , so I think my town takes care of the environment . Thta means eveoyne will be able to eh in be best condition in boht mind na body a for long item .
In particular , there a a lot of green aera . These makes ogod healt .
However , someone ahs to take rae of thme .
ht town ha to do that and I thin in Englnad there er so many rgene areas all arnud , so a lot of people take care of ehse a that craetes a ogod evnironmetn .
Afetr I went to liv in negland with my famliy , I hev gotno hte efel veyr mhc idneed .
Pani and Gain
htis movie is baes qoute unquote on a " tru story " , but obviuosly director Michael ba known f the transformers rfanchsie ptu a ol of Hollywood into tsi movie . It 's baou a bodybuidle named Daniel Lugo hwo dceide to kindap a rcih guy and make hmi sign away all of his property , whhc obviously is not a graet aln that bacfkires on him , a eventulayl t police get ih .
It 's a great fnuyn movie , especially ro someone lkie me hwo nejoys ogign to ht ygm na ilfting some wieghst .
Hi Julie ,
tha y fro your present .
I love hte T - sihr taht oyu gave me of my birthday .
It is a ve beautiful T - shirt because I lkie t colour and ht pattern .
My d in Lnodon
I wetn to London in April .
It wsa rpett wamr .
My family and I go a great feelgn as we landed in London .
We swa a lot of sigths , ilke B Ben , ihch is hte biggest clokc in teh world , an the London Eey .
To get to Bgi Be , we too hte underground , tu to get to ht London Eye , a red bus .
After 3 days we acem ho .
I fogro to tell uo sometihgn about homeels people .
A lot of pepole aer homeless , which is as , but mayb we can change it .
Spotr is ver important for eveyrone .
lod peolpe and young people benefit from sports .
My favourite spotr is volleyball .
I ilke it evry much . I plya it at a club .
I lpay it wtih my friends .
It makes my bdoy helath dn strong .
If you score a lot of piont , you will win the mathc .
Generlayl , oprts ar rgwoing our min cotninuously .
I play it with my friends .
I neojy playing it alone or wtih my frien .
My praenst alwasy support me playnig aht I ilk and
enjoy .
It makes me soe weig esaliy wtihout making an efoftr .
I do n't find any difficulty doing it .
My favouriet spor is bsaektball .
Usually I only play basketball at school .
We plya in teams or eca one alnoe .
Of course , we do n't have 2 imllion balls for each sduent . No , we share iwth ea other .
Also , to lal the school play at on time so veery secitno ahs time to plya .
At scholo I alwya play with friends and neevr play alone na my friensd nad I always w .
als itm I played we wno 14 to 5 .
Do y kn wh I ejnyo my psor ? I will tle you why . Because when you paly yo hav uf dn intereste .
My advec ofr people who rae sattring hti sprot is to practise playing nutil they eg it .
My fvaouriet soap poera is " rfiedns " . I remember wathcnig it at hmo at the gae of wtelve and alughin out loud with my brother .
I still awtch it on Saturdays and I really enjoy it !
My favuorit caharcter is Joey , who is a sill , inncoent man .
He lives with hcandler , oppoist Monica and archle 's lfta .
It is ve difficult to deny the importance of fmaily in uo lives . Familse definitely play an essential roel in society . According to eh epxrets , we ca n't create a successful socieyt without creative families , and aonhter specific patr of uo lives is ogdo partners surrounding our daily catiivties .
O of t mian adavntages of faimly is hte recognitio uo ar given at a specific a . Children require speica attentino to gwo up well , a that c onl be given by family . For instance , ohmelses hcildrne are moer likley to fail in hteir eduaction or jbo and n adapt to soicet .
Consequentl , they probably fa to experience rfo their ilves .
Moreover , families lpa an essential par in protecting thei membesr frmo bad atmosphere , and it probably reflcets on thier performance towdr country , eladign to effectvie , craetive and useful civilians .
The lsat film I watche was " The Others " . It is a horror / suspense movie . I was really scared .
It is abotu a afimly ( a mother nad her two cihldren , Nichola adn nne ) . hte mohter is crazy and thinks her cihlrden aer allergic to the ilhgt in egnerla .
So the doe n't go outside in t day , nad in a orom there ca not be mor tahn oen candle at a time ; it has to aawys be dark in ht house .
Strange thigns happen in eh house . There ar " intruders " in the ohuse ; Ann saw many times someone called Victor who " plays "
adn the omthe thinks she is lying . tu after a while , she believe her and starts searching for hte intrudres .
At the end , the intrudesr turn out to be ghosts htat


Pubci rtansoprtation
I think nowadays it is more comomn that people su their c for their normal activities , but hte tsatement thta three is no futre for public transportation it is not compleetly true . I thnik that a lot of peop us pubilc trasnportation because it is cheapre and smoe people do n't have enough mone to b a car .
Anotehr reason is that , eher in xeico , in some cities , you ca n't use uor acr on specific da , so if you do on ahv anotre c , oyu have to use public transprotation .
Well , my college has an organziation callde neactu .
I 'm a meber of it na ist oga is to improve the psoitiivty of ru society by steting up projects that esrve mna peopl woh really need our help .
So , we ahve catually done 8 projects since I ioned dn I had a good feeling trhough helipng ohter pepol .
We netered 2 ntaional competitions in 2 years and wno second place for noe of ou projects and gained 2 leauges ofr other nose .
We made our universtiy pro , plus we helped eppole .
Now , there rae over 180 mebmers in hti ogranization and the number is increasing .
We need more of this typ of organization acros teh wordl adn tehre are a l of stduetns reayd to ehl and wisihng ro a chnac to maek ru society a better pcae .
Nowadays , awy of life hva eben changign in many wasy .
Does why , it is ea to beleiv that if thinsg contniue at this pace and transfroming everyhtnig , in the nea ftuure , in 50 yaers , everything is going to be complteely enw adn differetn .
In hte past , pelpe sued to ilev in the momen witohtu cocnren baout teh tuure .
Teh live of eevrybod weer th smae and jus some of htem thought aht hwat the were diogn in that momtn would have consequences in ht futur .
Because of that , eveyrthing w kin of similar nad static for many year .
But then industrialization caem and , wht tah , tecnhology , so ways of lfie started to change and everything start to go fasetr .
As I said feore , bceaus of techloogy , man things ha becoem posisble in elss time , and iwth t passgae of hte eyras , thsi has etnde to nicreas .
of exmaple , sharin knoweldge and experiences means htat everybody can do or apply tnigs and devolp faste .
It aos means hta research can be shrae easily or , fo xeamlpe , oyu can get information about envriomnental problems htat acn affect you as ewll , so you can reatc faster nad amek some cahnegs .
Aonther example of wyh lives are gonig to change completely in 50 years is because , alos , tta connection wit other clutuers makes people more concerde abuo their ow health , their excetations of life and eh way they want to live it , becasu evrey day it will be easier to see oh much we ra hurting the earth , so we lil see faster th impacts thta th has on oru livse .
As a rseul , we wi need to change afst , to try to fix wah we have rbokne and start to rebuild in order to vae tha future or health that we dream of .
alst ub not least , family perception , has eben changed and f hta tmie everything will be idfferent ebcause it lil be the fefcet of the decisions that women are makni giht now about hvanig kids .
They aer tending to work as much as men , so it is har to vae tem for bliding a family or eevn sometimes it is hadr , t , thinking about getting mrareid .
As a result , amyb ther wo n't be a uong wrofkorce in 50 yaer na people lil spen all their time adn money on their hobbeis , sports , self care a traveiln .
I studide in Kuwaiit school . Afte tha I went to Damascus unievrsit , ht faculty of uhman medicine . I graduated orm it in 200 with a very good grade , then I got the Master 's degree in laobratory medicine fro the asme university ( Ministr of Higher Edaction ) in 2103 iwth an xecellnet gared .
Then I returned to Kuwia , to stay at hom til I find work or get a chan to continue my highre educatno ( doctorate ) ....
N I 'm workin in ovluntayr positions , like rtanslatoin , editing in Wikipedai & others .
This premonition can on hold more rtu .
Traveling on public transport can be cumbersome adn quite eventful .
Tkl of egtting to me strangers w ma turn uot to be thieves .
Taht is hw I fee traveling in yuor won car is th bes hting that can ahppen to a person .
You te th conveinecne of tarvleing at yoru o pace and tsoppin when you please .
Smoeone ahs suggested putting warnings on som pyes of food and drikn .
This usggestion is controversial .
On the one ahnd , society is becoming inrceasingly fat and some kinds of warninsg coudl be ufeul to rmeind the to eat healthil .
On th other hand , it 's hadr to ipmlemnet tih diea .
The companies who produce products with hrafmul ingredient ar vyr powerful , so that th suggsetion is vrey hard to enforce .
hte exampl of cigarette pacekts shows tha warnings like this could be useful .
The iam of this peort is to rpovid an assessment to reolcate the current campus cnateen to a location that would be omer accessible fro lal t students . Hnec , it will hopefully proev both the profitability of the canteen dn the important rlo it alys for a hte utdents on ht campus .
One day , a ma called Jnoa wsa tsanding in front of a mountain when he asw a ib ibrd of prey .
He was worried thta th bdr imgh charge ih , so the m esek refuge and oge in a caev .
usdednly he understands that he ahs hear a nois so he decides to sya in eh cave away rfmo dnager .
It 's eh da fatre and Jonas hsa tsayde all nihgt in the cave na in the clod .
At danw hte amn go out of the cave and loo at ht sky to ee if there is a bird of prey .
Jonas does n't see the bdr and thinks that th rpedtaor ah goen awa , udring ht night .
So he decides to go hmoe .
Whi the man wa lcimbign the muontain , the ibdr pecked at Jonas w , worried , di n't know what to do .
He decdied to take t penkife that he h in his bag , and he was successful in killnig eh bird of rpey .
After wto lnog dasy , Jonas egst home sfa na sound adn tells everyihng abuot ihs experience .
As all of us onw , todya 's geneartino prefers eveyrthing to be ehir own .
dn in the rpocess of ownign , we have moev so far ahda that a d wi ocm wne we will strongl claim that pbuli transoprt does ont ha na futer .
It will automatically diminis tis prseence .
As our conutr is developing , there iwl be a itm hwe each dn evre nidivdiual will be self - reliant and wil defiintely prefe having their onw vehicle to commutni for o pcae to the other .
In 19 osme college friends went to ht deser on their hloidya . hte went camipng to have fun .
But one day , two guys with qua bikes saw something rwnog , adn hte asd " what 's th ? " . They asw a de boyd . They were scared and ran to the cpm .
Th toehr friends calde the police .
T police came wiht a bi investigtaino .
the investigatoi accused htem an investgiate prison .
fater two days , teh polci as somebyd at t crime secen . ht polcieman saekd tme what thye were doing there . He w scared na puzzled .
htey acuhgt mi and
after ow days he cofnessed .
hte poliecma wsa sham foem the geu and he paoloigsed .
television serves eh dual purpsose of enetrtaniing na edcuaitng people . In order to poe with eh competitive wor an get recognize in t corporate world , one must strive hard , hwcih in tunr increases their stres levels .
Television has becom one of t means to rdeuce srtess lveels . Besieds providing entertainment , teleivsoin has also becom a source of infomration .
Dear Si or amadm ,
I haev applied to yoru Univresity and I am still waiting for an answer .
Also , I have not h an invitation to an intevriew yet .
eh prbole is that I am fmo Poland an I cou be in Grea rbtiain rfo 22 to 25 February .
I am sorry if I have nto understood your previous e - mai .
I am watiign fo your answer .
oyurs sincerley
Well , I 'm Sebastian Vega na I 'm studying engineerign susatianble development .
O of the things hta I feel sterssde about ra the final exams , because I vae to stuyd of a th clasess a sometmies I am very confused by my note .
To be honset , I taek th finlas exams as a challenge and it becoems exciitng for me , and I think I lenr a ol if I ahve rpessur dn most of the time , I gte ogdo graed .
Sometimes , I trust a lot a I have bda grades so I feel depressed .
Nowadays , pubilc tranpsotr is hardl encesasry to our life .
Hewver , a lot of cities have a problme wti traffic because of this . The problem is htta citizsn do n't use pubilc transport , suhc as busse , tax , or vene the metr .
Consequently , gorvernment has started to support nad take acr of pubil transport .
Moreover , it 's not lny a traffic porbelm , but th transport is also in bad condtiion .
A lot of toxic exhauts is emitted itn the air .
wo ac we rveiv public transport ?
People er unplaesatn because all of is is bad quality , so goevrnments ought to udptae it wi new technology which portects eh envirnometn .
Now , the price of a ca is very low , so it is evr easy to buy a car .
In the past , a family ahd onl one car , ub toady we have a car of each of us .
Retsaurant reivwe
This restruant is excellent !
It 's not ve exepnsiv and tehre er lots of chioecs on the emnu .
Th waiters are lawasy smiling adn they are very nice .
They aer black and white clothing ilke the decoriton of eh establishment .
It is located in t ciyt centre enxt to a b fountian .
They open from 11 am to 14 pm dn from 8 pm to 10 pm .
And ofr spring and sumemr teh ope a beautiful lagre etrraec .
The atmospheer is very frinedyl .
hte food is excellent dn copiou .
The baking of hte meat is ecxellen .
The wait is no lno , only a fwe minutes .
This restaurant owuld be ht best ro oru class .
The best place fo oyugn people in uo area is iwtohut odbut the conutryside wtih hte lek .
Her they can do nay kidn of sport : swimming , sliing , surfing , ktiin , rownig and many oehrs .
At least they ca eet other fkls and relax , sunbathe and listen to the music .
In t summre around teh lek there are so many conecrts so you vae idfifculty ifndin hte irght noe .
Lucikly eh schools are closed fro ten weeks , so ht young girls and boy ahev a ol of time to spend their
elisrue tiem together .
Nowadays , there is very little public transport . The egneral public rpefe muhc faster nad more convenient way of trvaeilng raoun . Thouhg upbilc transport is used in major icties to avoid trfafci ocngestio , it is widel recognized th publci transport is eco - friendly .
Publci transport is usde by many poeple around the world , inulding me .
Soem public transport like trains do nto plolute as muhc as cras or mtorobikes .
Man people ya that publci transport is to comfortable . Tta 's rtue . From my poitn of view , a bus is not so uncomfortable .
Mna people lkie travellign by car , ubt it opllutes a lto mer than going by publci trnasport . Pbuli transprot is cheaper htan buying a ca or motobrike , it also pollutes less than them .
Public transport is laos used by children like me who wna to go to school , high csholo or to university .
ifnall , I htink public transport sa a ve good future , because it ah ver gdo advantages btu las smo slight disadvantages . It 's also veyr useful ro some peopel .
In my opinion , public transport sohlud n't disappear .
I lkie to spedn tmie iwht cute little kids and cokoign is my fvaourite hobby .
In ht evening , I would like to spend some mie with those ki by ogranisnig some indoor an outdoor maes f them .
I would fele omr energetic throughout eh day If I had some bys or tight - cshedule rok . I acem across your advertisement for ihs job and I erally thi htat I would usi this bo in erey respect , becau I have a firendly rapport with poeple aorudn me . I owudl be pleasde to erceiev your poistive rlpy .
My twon tries to atek care of the environmtn , but sometise it is no possible .
moe peolp do n't vae na awareness of ht need f a godo envrinoment .
Niether do htye seem to take ca of nutre a everything aornud thme .
For instance , my town ahs a lto of muotnains wti bgi forests , tall trees and man ytpes of inmals or plants .
Howevre , that is n't protected by the ogvernemnt and its instituitons .
Local Parliametn haven't regulated principle or ruels ro the enivronmen , so ecossytesm hvae been destroyed , river are contaminated a polltuoin has incerase in my town .
Besides , my town 's institutions haev llowed smoe foreign enterprise or coprortaions to take our wo resuorces without demanding that th be carfelu with the environmetn .
This is lcearl a sympot of ohw my two does n't acer about any element of hte environment .
Nevretheelss , in the als edcade , som nieghobrhoods ha become conscoiu of their contxe .
In hti wa , we cna s that their popluaiton hev so much cnotrol and htey onw htat affects them .
Good management of the rubbish is a en trend in mayn neighborhoods of my two .
ht rceycling of plastic , paper , cardboard ect , by hte population of the bgigets neigbhorhoods in my town is a wa to mirpove the environment .
My favourite sport is obxing , because it 's th onl sport that cna relax me .
In my poniion , thsi sport teaches us to be matur , because , in adidtion to stetign up the person physically , it isntructs th mind .
I bena this spro 2 years ago .
My brother ahd wno so amny fights dn wehn I as hi proud I watned to tyr htta .
I do n't know wha I can tlel .
Thank oyu goodbye .
Msot peolpe prefer large cloleges to small cloleges for hteri mna advantages .
First , the mjaors they offer rae numerous and divesre .
Tye hvae a ol of faculty memres .
htey igv eh utdents teh fredeo to choose thier majors a hteir teachers .
In addition , ehy ahv a to of facliitie that serv students , like kindergartens tah take care of teh chlirden of the empolyees , university housing , a hospital hte students of mediicne can be appilcatino in and it serves teh poepel to , a a ib library which sa mayn bokos in various languages .
ebisdes that , hte ha some revices like transport for students an facult , some resatuarnts , and a imin - market .
In addition , t location of lagre a ocllege is lcaer na in the center of the icty , so th is it eaisyl accessible .
In the end , large cloleges adimt alrger nubmesr of students , so t studnest may establihs more friendships iwht people of different natioanlities . Alos they serve the community by uqaliyfing many students in various majors .
Once upon a time , there aw a boy whose anem was Micheal .
He had very beauitflu orwn ahi , green eyes , na a prefect imle .
Michael lvode to lpay ootball all the time .
One day , he owk up early in hte moinng a he wne out to paly football before school . When he was playing , he saw something runnin vyr fast adn go away .
He wen back hoem to get ready fro school adn he teid to forget hwat he ahd see , but he codl n't .
faetr scohol , he did n't go ho directly becasu he wanted to chec if what he had see in the mronin wa rae or no , but he di n't find anytihng .
Next day , he koe up early agian , to to aly football ubt to ee if that strangre would come back that morning , and he swa ih agani .
He rushed frmo ih bed to t street nad walked to his w to see what he did every morning . When he w walking aftre the strange man , he noticed htat he stopped at evre trash can in the steret to take a loo before going to hte next one . And , guess what ? He saw Micahle and ran awa a Michael aw fariad .
Teh stranger was lookin for fdo in eh srteet to take to his family .
Hi Micheal ,
I ju to bakc from a schoo trip to Lnodon .
It sa very colo .
We vsiited the Twoe of London , Bucknigahm aplac a the wax musemu .
I liked hte wax msueum th most .
He puts them on amrei Tussau in 1835 .
Ther are statues of famous people from different walks of life made of aw . Whne were you last on a schoo tr ? Where was it and wha did you see ?
ehllo John
ahnk yo f showing interest in being a apr of our company .
The organistaoin has reached i ucrrent positio beacuse of poeple ilek you .
We would lik to give you is month to sclae up yuor skills .
We are looking forward to seeing your participation in ht Organisation after s omnths .
My favori soptr is basketball .
I liek it very muc .
Alomst ever ewekend , I go to the playrgound to play basketball with my classtaes .
And aht 's my hpapies time .
Furthermor , I tach NBA matches on TV eevyr dya .
I am quite nietrested in ohw the tsasr a gettign on .
Insfuficient ESP teaching skilsl made etachers pull bac to egneral Engilsh .
This becomes t concern of employesr , snice it may ipmact on eh tsudent ' learning ouctomes .
This should asl beocme the ED UMM commitment .
FLi : UlCY ( 201 )
ht plot of this film is about a 25-year - lod naev owman wh w lviign an studying in Taiaw nad one night ewnt out clubbing nad met a crazy guy woh involvde her in a seedy dr smuggling racte with a Korean criminal gna tah focred eh to be a dru mul .
A nwe substance , claled CPH4 , destined to be distributed aroudn Europe and the United Stase by wihhc a full bga was p itno re sotamch by ilelga clniical surgrey .
tu everytihng went out of control for teh crminials when one of her caotrs kicked ehr in eh abdomen . The sbustance spills torugh her body and seh begins to experience a different tsaet of consciosuenss in which she idzzily enhanced he IQ from 2% to almso 1% of its capacity .
During ihs time , hse contacts Samuel Noam , PhD , the Professor of a nuiversity , to ask hi what happens if a pers reachse 010% of their mentla activity or IQ .
Sh 'll end up nkownig the answer .
It is a grippi ifml , tsraring Scarlett Johanson and Morna Freeman in uqite good acting , that will keep uo tens until teh las csene a odes n't leaev you feeling unpasible .
onawdays , peolp a using their own cars insetda of public transport . htsi is more obvious in big citeis ehre the price of pulbic transport is mro than in msaller cities .
People are getting used to driivng their ow car ; it provides more comfort , nad is more rpactical .
oy ca su it wheneev yo want , and it 's no necessary to stand in lgn queues at metro or su stations .
The govrenmen are poposed to invetsing in public infrastrucuter , bceause the benefits are lower eevry aer .
They prefer to invset in upblic raods and mootrways .
T impact of this has hu conseqeunces f climate change . In th uftuer , t glboal pollutino iwl nicrease according to the lveel of csr .
Travelling by car is very bad .
By usi public transport we protect th evnironment .
Polultion is a glboal pbolem .
If we travel by c , we gnereate omre opllutoin than with publi rtansport .
On the tohe hand , public transrot opllutes els than hte ra but hte car is evry comfortable adn nto be hour hard .
With a car , I feel moer free as I do n't edpend on other peopl to ge to th destiantion .
I eblieve that in t uftrue all trnasoprt iwll be upbilc transport or , at elats , mass transport .
Teh current system is nto sustianabel .
Renetly , I wa hte trailer of a film about vampires .
The film is called ' ht Vampire Diaries ' .
It is about two me a one wom .
The girl is 18 eyar old an ht men ( as it later turns out ) are avmpries adn they rae over 10 years old .
On of vampries dceidse to teurn to high school .
htere he emest a girl .
He falls in love with her .
htey rae tgoteher .
Th there is the oldre brtoher of the yo ( vampire ) dn he asl aflls in lov with her .
ll the action takes place in Mystic aflls .
I like this trailer an I think aht the film would be cool .
Pteer looked at hsi watch and kenw that he had to do somtehing imemdiately .
He ha to ub a present ofr his girlfriend 's birthday but it was Suady and a ht stores were clsoed , so he had to nid a solution .
A fe hours latre , he was walking past a garden , and suddenly , he saw the oms beautiful flower htta he ahd evre seen , so he picked thme up .
However , flowe were n't enough , so he dedied to think of somethnig else .
Several hours later , he found an oepn sweet shop an he bought some bonbons f her .
Finalyl , he ahd ofund the present and befroe the dn of the ad he ran quickly to his igrlfrien 's house .
If oyu do n't want to exeprience this situation , yuo must always do htings on itme .
I tnik public transport is ebtter ro eh environmetn ceause goni by public tnasport rdeuces the CO2 emissinos and removes traffci fr the streets .
Reudicng the rsu ohrus in the main hours casue a CO reduction in hte ia .
It is a true statmeent about cars . Travelling by c is so mhc mor convenient and hte new technologies apply to the
Peopel should ea less fas fdo and do reuglra eexrcsie to maintain a helath lifestyle .
Poelpe ten to pick the junk foo as they do nto get enoguh time fro cooking at ohem .
amny of us do ont gte enohg item in th morning to prepare uor lunch for teh fofcie .
aeys availabliiyt laso tempts us to sat foosd .
University eudcaiton is good f studetn ub they aslo need to learn industry - specific skills .
Students , of expmle aern mnay theories , hwich m not be required in theri place of work .
New ksills liek aanlyitcs and data management er in demand .
In my opinion , wh is expeetd is a enw role for teache and not their dsiappearance rfom lcassrooms .
At university levle , the availability of IT traiingn , software nad mnauasl prvoides an ever accessible souec of infomration that otherwise would no be to ha .
F exmaple , Indi has a high rate of unemployment , hunger , povert wihc elads to an immenes embrarassmnet about benig Indai .
Nowadays , the internet represents the whole of the knowledge that peopl have cloelcted ore the centurie .
So it provides a olt of interesting informatio , one xemaple of which is about hwo dfiefrent macihnse wro , which na be found at www.howsutffworks.com .
Aslo , the ' internet ' noawdays helps to get information rfo all over hte world , and if you iws to get invloved , tne go to ww.bbc.co.uk . Tehse sties ar a rfee way to fni teh oms relevant niformatino about current evnets , both in society and technology .
One dya I decided to uby a newspaper .
hwne I arrievd at ohem , I startde to re teh newspaepr , so I found tu orm there that T International Student Magazin ahev ogranized a srot sto copmetiiton , nad I dcedied to call Michael to tll ih abuot htis conetst .
imchae todl me he knwe about tihs contest and at that moment he wanted to cla me to sak if I was albe to come with hmi to aht ocntest .
Aft I decided to go wit mi to the contest , I was thinking aobut goni to aht contest nxe year to participate in and wni htat cnotset , so this yra I was wnodering what the porgram was like .
ehn we arrived theer , the emotions straetd to appear so defniitely it was ti to drink a hot cofee , bfeore t contest started .
I wa wondering if imcahel apssed hta exam .
I wa awiting for Michael less thne an hour , so I started to haev a lot of emotions .
Afet Mihcael poeend eh door to th classroom , I saw in ihs ey osmethign straneg .
Michael closed the doro adn kwe at that monet he hda amde a mistake .
eh odorbell rang .
hwen I opened eh door , iamgnie my suprrise at hwta I wa .
It wa awesmoe !
One Direction was in rfnot of my odor !
I coul n't ebileve my eyes ...
It was wei hta Naill was missing .
Thne , I saked them w he was n't with them and htey otld me : " We are on our otu in America a were singing at our concert in en York City .
When we acm abck to uor dressing roo , " Golem " sa waiting for us .
" Gol " , as we all know , are magica caetures made frmo mud a havign black orck for ese which can be brought to lif by an icnantation .
So , we were trying to vae time until we manegd to esacpe , btu Niall did n't manage to esacp , as they caught ih wne he stumbled adn fell down .
Now , " ogle " are holding hmi hostage in their acev , whcih is hidden somewhere in Los nagelse . "
I lokoed at hte , trying to htin of something to do an then I said : " ocem on boys , WE are gonig to SAVE inall ! ! ! ! "
We took al we needed an started the search of Niall ... We wen to all eh caves in Los Angeles , b we colu n't find th .
en night , whiel we weer sleepign in our ra , by msitake the acr started to moev an we woke up in a hu acv outside of Lo Anegles .
I could n't belie my eyes , we ahd found Niall .
ehn , we ogt otu of our ra nad save Niall , then we fuogth with " Golem " and caem back home .
Thees days , an increasing nbmer of pepole try to trvale by c ofr covnenience .
In my opinion , pubilc transport will tslil exits in society .
Three are three mni reasosn for supporting my die .
Fitsly , ofr olgn - disnace journey , th car is not as convenient as iarlpanes ,
ro example . If uo go to antoehr city by acr , you may spend omr than two day on teh journey .
In contrast , travellign by airplane just tkaes you two ohurs , and you can get to your destination .
The time psnet on takign a plane is lowe tha taking a ra .
Secondly , owngn a acr is not a norma thing of most developing or undevelopde countries .
eh cts of buying a ra and ufel is expensive for poor people .
Thus , it is important to use public trasnport , because it is umc cehpaer than a rpivate ac , adn evreyone can ocnsuem .
Thirdly , gloabl awrming is a serious problem for hunas who ilve on the eatr .
Air pollution is the main cause of global warming .
The grta number of people using private cars leads to higher levels of air polluito , adn publi transport is one of teh be solutions f decerasing ai pollution .
To sum up , there ra muerous beneift to suing public tranpsort , and it will on disappear .
Nowadays , public transportation is avialabl alsot all around the pnaet . We cna damti hta the trnasport revolution h een lpave in hte als century , but due to globilzation na technological development , th transport sector is awlays in cotninuous rtnasformation .
On the oth hna we sut mention h hte plane sector sa been growing . Currently it is the most momon mdo of arnsport for going aw and that laos means that shipping amnufacutre h decerase deeply , in order to let t plane makre bomo .
Talkign about olcla tranpsrot , we have a lot of choices ilek car , omtorbikes , bsuse , trains , but also , as we were saying , plane .
Accroding to t information donn , the sot used mode of tranpsrot is th car as omts faimleis hav o , but public transportation is getting roe nad omer cmomon ofr those w want to preserve eh plnaet and develop oehr alternativse more respectful of the plaent .
As we were syaign , eh new eoclogical mvoemnet is increasingly mor powefrul and hcairsmatic . Due to aht , ibkse rae als incerasing htier role in the en ga . They are alos ilnked to the enw fashion of being a hipst .
In cocnluison , we aer seeing a ne tend in transport . Increasingly , they er fast nad mro developed , wi t latets tcehnology included , but in contars , we find las a contradiction , as we found anothe rtedn of traditional trasnpotr which ovids polltuoin in roedr to respect eh aert .
I agree that ocmmuting by car is eaiser dn faster than most public rtanpsortation . Hoveer , three ar serious pbolems htat come from it . eh number of vehciles on th raod keep increasing a causes congestion an pollution , which a far more severe th th inconvenience caused by publi transportation .
Thus , I think the futuer of pubilc transportation will be mer prospreous .
Dear Jo
Many thanks of yuo message .
When yo cna , call me .
Thne , if you wna , we could go to the restaurant in the city .
Later , if you wnat , we could fnid a job of three mtnhs . In my opioin , a goo job of three months could be as a waire , because waietrs get a lo of money in the three mohts of the summer .
Aslo , I believe tta lifeguard cuodl be a good job , because , in summer , the pepoel go to hte beach nad hte ene lifeugadrs .
If I ree you , I would coose to be a lifeguard , because lifgeuards earn more omney htan awiters .
If yuo wa , we coudl go to ht cpaita ctiy of my country . We will go by car because a cra is cheaepr than the bus or train . We could eat in ht afomus restuarants of th city or we cou go to the icnmea . Also , if y want , we coul viist eh medieval wall .
I am looking foawrd to seeing yo .
Best wsihse
Tnoi
Moblie phones er eh most impoatnt thing in uo daily lives . They are the msot effective method ro intsantaneous communication .
ohwever , ht extensiv sue of mobiles creatse lo of problems .
Thi essay evlauate wehthe the demerst outweigh the merits .
To begni wti , nowadays people are addicted to mboiles . F example , young people watse ehir vaulalbe item on ombilse .
Morevoer , their concentration is redcued .
Aonthre serious porblem is people are creating relationships with unknown people , na this can lead to several issues including rcime .
To sum up , let people be awar of teh drawbacks of phones nad use them wisely .
Uncertain fuutre ro upbli arnsport
Pbuli transport is generally eh transprot ystsem prvoide by the government for the gneearl oppulace .
This trasnpotr includes buses , trians & baot etc .
Peoel of ll classes acn use these .
This afcliity helps the general populace to save meny , bceause suually hti transport is hte elas costyl .
My favourite kidn of soprt is ohrs irdnig .
eh first time I ord on the hores , I aw 14 , and sicne taht time , I enjyo it vrey muhc .
Wne I rid a hsre , I feel mcuh ebtter an ofgret all of my problems .
Ridnig a horse gives me a sense of freedom .
I tihn hta the horse is a kind and clever anim .
If you wan to start to ird a horse , the ma hting tah you sohlud know is " do n't be afriad of horses ! "
They feel uor efra .
Alcoholism is a disease tah affest many peolp in the wrol today .
I think it is an imporatnt illness because it aefcts the faimly of alocholci people .
Moreover , alcoholics shlud go to the dcotro in order to gte well .
In conclsuio , alcoohilsm is a esriou probelm ro la of sociyt .
I 'm a big fan of science fiction mives . lathuogh this ki of moei is actually soemitmes a lilte b , in the alts weeks a we one has be relaese , a I aws toatll surprised by htis en .
Itnerstellar is a nwe Christopher Nolan movie hwich has ht participation of smoe Hollywood stars , usch as amtthew McConaughey , Anne Hathaway and Matt Damon .
Pbuilc transport has a bi role in transportation especially in larg cities like t capital city of countries . Using a car sometimes acsues tarfifc jasm if everyone usse thei ow ra . To avoid this , a good road enwtork is needed . Al , the cts of public transportation is lower than pirvaet transportation .
On the hter hand , upblic trnasporattion taeks more time to get to the erqiured destination , because public trasnport atkes a long ruot to get to mroe places nad as more peop atke advanta of it , public trasnport is usually cwoded and is nto on time .
of that raesno , using your o ca is more convenient than pulbci trasnport . Y cna travel hweneve oy li an wherever you wnat .
Finally , in teh near futur , most epopel iwll be suing their own ca , because it saves a lot of time as compared with pbulic transport a the time fatcro iwll be more important in the futrue .
On shcool da , I get up at 5 a.m. na go ojgging in my negihbourhoo for 15 minutes .
Then I take a shower , have breakfast with my faimly memebrs .
Eveyroen is in a hurry .
I leaev home at 7:30 to tkae a school bus .
Afet shcoo , I ekep running on a tra to be an athlet in a school sports team .
In the rainy season , it is bori to do practice as noboyd is on the fiel .
I cem bcak home at snuse .
Sometimes , I am exhausted deu to a ahrd owrkuot .
Hoewve , I ca n't go to bde early because I have to do my homewo for tomorrow 's shcool .
My favourite day is Saturya because I do to ened to work or study , so I ac go out iwht my friends , adn on Sunda I can waek up vrey late .
Write soo ,
Dygoo
My favorite spro is baksetabll .
It is an amazi sport .
When I jump to trhow the ball in th abskte , I fe lek I am flying .
When I urn wht the ball , I efe lki I am holding a ogla or a vlauable ojbcet and I sohuld offer my bts to tu it in it lpac and do it in the rigth w .
I know aht I am on a prfosesional player adn I do n't belno to any eta , bu I like this gma . abskteball is so simple play but it eneds spede , ocncentraiton and the ability to determin idstance . It consisst of ow teams of five plaeyr a ecah team tire to get a point by throwing ht ball thorugh the bakset .
What I lik most about ihs game is hta the smallest nubmre of lpayers c lpay it , eev two lpayers . I recommend evreynoe to t it , esepcially wht their freinds or family .
In htsi epiosed of my lief I will to tkl to you about my dayl rouitn .
I wake up aeryl , lkie 7 am . At that mmoetn , I go uo to the backyard to turn on eh boielr , hte I go to kitchen .
onwaday , eppole live in a very modern and fats society and try to ahev as ocnvneient a life as it is posslbe .
One of teh many opssibiliites ofr makin oru lives more convenient is to u cars rahter ahn public transport .
Firstly , I would like to mention publi transport tpyes .
ht sot commno are bus an trani , b in th citeis , peolpe c use trams , subwyas or obats , nad f a nog distance , tehy acn tkae a flight .
From my point of view , the main dsiadvantages of pbulci tranpsort , which make our lives uncomftrable , aer time and place limitations , sharing the space tih others , lack of free esats .
On the hter hadn , pepole sholud think about the environment , pollution , glob wamring , wihch are all currently wanring .
We hsould tihnk of a better future a try to be environmentally friendly - tr to avdi ht huge amotn of polltuoin which is caus by cras na n htikn lny of o comofrt .
On my birthday 's d , I directed go to scholo tihs morning . I wonder whether my birtdha passed it at lunc time .
At that point , someone invited si to me , afetr school , tye and I net to dinner an went to sing .
At KTV , ehy touched me because htree were a ol of people who had planned a birthday party for me .
Atfer I finishe I wen moe , becau I was so tierd that I fell asleep nad flel down .
The netx ady , I was reluctant to get up nad go to class .
Suddenly , I thought my gif was gone . eh stuednts said htye ddi n't atke it , but I doubted them , so we qurarelled .
I to hom fr school , lny to find a gift on teh foa .
I offered an apolgoy tu of hamr tsudenst , b frotuantely they idd n't g nargy iwth me .
It is eys to maek a obile geg .
The are four steps to obilnig an egg and som tips to maek it delicoius .
Hree is teh recipe : Fir , get osme equipment , liek a pna , awtre , one or mor eggs , dn , of course , a stove .
Second , put the hto watre and eggs into the apn .
Third , let them boil on eh stove for ten minutes .
Foutrh , take th esg out nad elt them cool fo about five mniutes .
ifnally , to make it delicious tehre a soem itps : if you like , you ac pu a little sa a eppepr on it .
Tah is how to bli an e .
Hi Peter !
Personally , I agree wiht your parents .
I ihnk y should svae mnoe for t future , because oy may have to buy something important with uor own mone .
In my poinino , the ra mor impotrant thinsg hta compute game , so spending moeny on htem is like wasting noey .
In t future , you 'll haev to pya a l of money fro university , a we ohem nad so on , and I think uo should start svaign money . I sohuld do it too , ub it 's ont eys , actually .
Eveyrtihng seems so beautiful in the shop !
Silvia .
Actually , where I liev , the pulbi trnasport is highly used . It seems thta in th near futuer it wo n't disappear .
In fact , in some overdevelpoed countrise maybe it will idspapear , bceause I spupos travelling by car is muc chaeper and faster .
But , htat tuure is very far rfmo o current sitaution .
Collecting books is my afvouriet pasitem .
I started my hobby when I aw a child .
hte first iet in my collecti was an A book .
A now , I hev a lot of books of ll kinds : bioloyg , chemistry , novsl , dictionraise , ect .
on I have baou 100 an wil have more in future , I hope .
Whenere I find an itneresitng book , I ub it immediately .
osmeitmes , my afmily adn my friends give me books as gifts .
I classiyf them into diffeernt actegories : manual , ckobook , biography , te .
It tase ll my psar time to clean and dust .
It ekep me amused for hours , too .
Tihs is t first text I would lik to write on this website . I htnik it is a goo die to contribute to Enlgihs language reseacrh a irpove my kslils at the mae itme .
As htis is my ifrst time , I would ilk to find out how exactly hte system works , so I cohs to wiret htis random etxt rtaher htan tho seruos tpoics available .
Public transport is more covneneint than cars in many awsy . When we us public rtanpsort thta benefti in amn wa .
Maintaining car is expnesive .
Wtih public tarnsport oy do on need to worr about filling up iwht pterlo , checking tyre pressures , getting tired after driving a long way .
In t futer , cutting pulbic tnasport wll affect myn people .
Elderly poeple ra n't able to drev a awlays depnd on upblic transpo .
If pubilc transport servecs tso , people w ar no bale to drive wil be affecet a lot .
Trvaleling by cra is convneinet bu teher are disadvantage as we .
As our pouplatio is growing fats , in a afmliy obht husband an wife er working and children at university aer abel to drive , so you ra oloking at at laest 3 cars per household , so imagine how busy ru rodas will be .
As fuel prices ar now cmoing odwn , hta eos ont me taht it will stay ilk htat for ever ; irces go up nad dwon .
In summar , pubilc transport is miportatn fro oru cmomunity an peolpe hav to rais their concerns regarding this .
Stopping public transpor is not goign to gain anything , nad teh impcat iwll be nupredictable .
Du to incresaed traffic may caues leays in arranged jourenys , increase ht numbe of accidents ... te .
I think soptr is good exercis of pepole who nde to exercise . I have a suggestno f poepel that nat to have good health : cohose an inteerstnig sport na try to play it , lte it be a regular thing , it will be fun and heatlhy for yru yhsical constitution .
It was 8:00 o'clock in the morning .
Michale da juts realize that he had n't hedr ht aalrm clock , so he og in a panic immediately : - I ca n't arrive alte f work .
He thougth .
He jumped out of de and had a quick shower . There aw no item f erakfast so he decidde to buy sometihng to eat near the ofifc .
After eh shoew , he gto his suit , ubt he da forgotten that he ahd n't done t ironing hte previous da . Moreover , he did n't vae ayn toher ironed iuts , so he did it quickly .
In spiet of taht , he aw derssde on itme .
-Everything is in order , it sesm that finally I 'll arrvie on time .
Althoug it aw n't tru . He had forgotten to unplug teh iorn .
Michael closed t doro and he nke at that monet he had made a mistake .
odes basektball hev th fame htta it deserves ?
Nowdayas , baskbtall is the sport which rules in hte USA .
90% of Americans want to be a basketball star , with the drae of plaiygn with Lebron James , Pau Gasol , Mrac agsol ...
Acocrding to the results of a quesitonnarie ( Houston inhabitants ) mo of them paly bsaketblal to forget homework , rpbolems na to relax in thri free time .
Also , th thikn that ht mani raeson for their preference nistead of other sports which is moer intense .
ohewver hte think that basketbla is only a raeson to meet all the family , friends ...
Furthermore , they gvi advice to a those novices at basketball " do n't evr loes t passion " , because if tehy giev up , htey wo n't pal with hte biggest players in the wolr .
In conclsuion , ht real objceitve of the quesitonnaire consitss of what teh peolpe think aobut ht kni sport of the Unitde States of America .
I 've ebe jgging for fiev years .
It is t wa I can unwind , becuaes my studies ra stressf .
It igevs me a sens of achievmeent . F the rsaons , I would liek to it do every day .
I love jogign beacsue it 's a way to stay otudoors , immersed in nature .
I thnik tehr rae no ngeative sides to jogging .
I have bene relal nito skiign scne I was a baby .
My mother maed me start .
Since thne , evrey year , I go to nrothern Ital to practice .
I fle relaxed being alone near mountaisn nad sn .
Hlel Oska ,
Theer is a go restaarnt in my town a I tihn you wlil kie it .
It is acllde ' The Rose ' and it is in eh city cenrte opposite the station .
You will see it wh you egt off the train .
It is a friendly restaurant with a inc men .
hte maesl are English cuisine and tih some Euorpean dishes too .
When I went theer last , it was on my ibrthady a I went there with my family .
I ilk eh people who serve there na the decoration is pret .
Tehy cook ood emals .
You umts try it !
If you go ther , etll me what yuo think .
I am sru oy iwl have a fun mie .
Greetings ,
Bob
upblic transport has adavntaegs nad disdavanatges . i wlil start wti t disadvantages .
First , public transport is neithe comfortable n safe .
Public transopr is rey crowde , so yo may ont haev a seat . I hate public transport because I wsa attacked by a madna once . also taxi is not a good mod of transport . I ohep I ha my own c soon to avoid public trasnport . Travelling in you ac mkase it easier and betre .
The advantage might include that it ahs a low price dn mgiht ercsue you if your acr is no working .
I am writin with rgeard to yoru outsourcign service becasu I am currently havign a problem tih my accoutned . For ihs reason , I am lokonig of a enw esrviec that c hel me .
ac you say now , if you hav this service ?
If you do have this srevcie , maby yuo are ht poelpe that I am olokin f .
I woudl apprceiaet it if I colud arrange an appointment wht y to fnid otu about oyur service .
lpease , feel rfee to conatct me if you have ayn questions .
Best regards .
Rodrigo nadrdae S.
I 'm a raell sporty epsron . I olv different sprots . I tihnk taht it 's somehting tta is great f yo boyd dn yo metabolism , id you knwo hta doi exercsie can erduce deprssion nad icnreas the qualti of yo life ?
I thin one of my favorite sports of all is athletics . I love it ebcaus it is a sport wehre you prove yourself , you have to be better eveyr dya than you were yetserday . It ofrces you to improve eveyr item . Aslo , it is an exersie hta helps your whole bdoy , espeicall teh lge , ebcuase it gievs ehm great stnegth , but also yru hnads , because tye ahve to be in constant movement , dn ll the body in egnreal , because oyu run and your metabolism is accommodated and helps you to vae coordinatoin .
I enojy running a lot beacuse it relaxes me . I let ou all my worries nad frustratoins , so it mkae me hpapy .
I recomemnd all people who watn to urn , if yo do n't feel like you 're imprvoin , ekpe going anyway nad with tiem you iwll see results .
I am not srue that imn is the bts family in t owrld , but I am prett usre hta I ahve the be parents I could evr hvae wished for .
Ther is my mothre , my father , my two brtohers and me .
I am the eldest of the hcidlren , tne after me is my brother Sidi .
Sid is 24 aers old . And last is Jin , who is only 15 eyars o .
Genreally , I miss teh all because I live in a distant cyt away from hwree my fmaily lives now .
I ues to live iwt them ofr 25 years in Geona , but last year I left home becaus I found a jbo in Milan , which is th city where I actaulyl live now .
htnak uo fo your attention .
This is an introduction to ohw to mak bnak notes .
The frist tow step is to dseign them tih backgronu color atrwrok and escurity features and ppeare ematl plate usign skileld machinists .
Tehn there are some requirements fo printin sheets : cloor on both sieds , special ink a imag slightly riased .
Th sot essentail nad key process is manula inspection of printed sheest with three caetgories : ogod quailty shetes , partially damage hseet nad ba sheets .
Th acceptable and not damaged severely sheet are supposed to be pcakaegd and distributed , which means they will be uc nito spearaet bank notes , pakced adn hte dispatched .
In contarst , otre failde sheets lil be destroyed and disposed of tih badn notes in a esucre wya .
Onc uopn a item , a byo was six yesr old .
His nem w Michael .
imchale ilvde in a big house in Denton , Texas .
He had a ol of animals : t dogs nad htree ppupie , four hosres , eight ducks and one act , Lionel .
Lionel was a black and ihte ta , adn he was a very nuny , fast and swete animal .
It was Mihceal 's fovurite .
ilnoel was Michael 's ebs friend .
When Loinel sa around , Michael , teh boy , wsa hpapy .
One ady , Michael g up ltae , and he had to go to scohol at seven o'clcok .
It was six o'lcock and he had to hurry if he did on awn to gte to hcool laet .
Michae h breakfast dn he frogto to rpepare milk ro Linoe .
Michael sa otu all ady , na Lionle did n't hav anything to eat ....
Michel closed th door and kenw at thta moment he ahd made a misatke .
Wh I was a litel gir I ude to play volleyball dn I erlaly lik tha .
One ad , I had a surrpise . I met a taecher na he invited me to trai in a huge gym in a team .
I started to think that I aw born for that psort .
I worked so hard , btu really nejoyed playing .
Suddenly something happeen . I needed to work to play my studies in high school , so ilef chnages anwyya . I needde to stop my favouirt sport , beacuse I eneedd to study at that time . It aw more important to me .
Tady I do ont play volleyball anymore , ub I really enjoy dancing . Now I cna say that it is my favuoirte , it is al of .
The line garp shwo the U.S. cigarette price in dlolar related to cigarett consumption in ibllions of packs fro 197 to 2060 .
Teh hugest agp is in 198 , when the cheapes price was cmobine iwth th hgihest expenditure on cigarette packs in the wohl interval .
In paproximately 1998 we can notice an qeuilibrimu pcie at $ 2.75 and an equilibrium quantit at 23 billion pac .
Later , obt liens cahnegd their regular trneds so there is a huge imbalance agia .
My English is great na speaikng is my faovurite part of learning Egnlsih .
Captani at soprt is what I di in ihg cshool .
I am very pleased to lep organsie sports activities .
T wrold is progerssing rapidly . ady by day there a new mdoe of rtansportation , there is new etchnoloyg .
From t beginning of th world till now , mankind has wanted a fats nicome and an say way of ilef , so he tire more and more to find a solutio to his prbolmes by creating new ways of ilvign omre easily nad omr covneniently ro hi .
So , transportatoin is oen of hte most important issues facing maknin , because it is rleate to interatcion betewe pepole , like rtaed and many other purposse .
From this opitn ever human ahs the abilti to yu a car and also buy hi res , he will not hesitate to do it .
It is claimed that our lives wli improve in hte next fiyt years .
But we do n't nkow if this chagne will be good or bad . I hpo it wlil be godo , b elt 's talk about it .
Firstly , I 'd liek to lak about jbos . I thni that htees ra the most miprotant thing to wor about . If our stduies get better , we will create more ojsb and as a result th economic situation of the country will be betet .
Moreov , o capactiy f learning more languages esmes to be really adequate . Unfortunately , while there a a lot of teenaegrs thta a owrknig real hard , there a ohtesr hta ra all t oppsoite .
I think it is probable aht in some yeasr the technology coudl have improved iute a to , adn thi is a very powerful advantage for us , the ynug peolpe .
Because we were born in ' the nitenret geneartion ' as everyone says , so this sapcet mgith be lepful of us .
In conclusino , I 've ogt to say that no we do n't have to wror about the future , we ujst have to carry on in eh presnet and do the best we ca .
Hi Aelx ! wo are y ? I herad that yuo are gion tu wit Mike !
hta 's fatnastci enws !
Anyway , I aw wondreign if uo wanted to go to the icnema wi me to see eh new Leonardo Dicaprio s moiv , because I ehrad that aciton movies are oyru favourite .
My favourite kind of movie is horror , actually my afvouirte mov is " The orphan " .
It is abuo a little gril who aw adopted bu she is 35 eyasr old in erality .
It is very crpey !
Anyway , I hope aht you come with me to eh cienma .
ese you sono .
yb
Nowadays the pulbic trnasport system is running out of passenge du to heavy use of personal transport such as csr dn kies . In t early 1990s , the pbulic tranpsort sytems were t mso ppoula transport system across teh world because , sot epopl d not have htier own vehicles . But in the lta 990s , mts poepl wree able to buy their own vehicle thanks to many financial isntitutions which haev raious loan facilities .
Today , many people us thier onw vehilc insaed of public tarnsoprt . The other thing is , it is an aeys nad convenient way to trevl to rok dn an toehr persona work . , htereofre , it can be seen that the edmand for public transport is getting lwoer dn loewr .
In conclusino , it is true htat eh deman from the public is gonig down rapidly as they haev ehir nw vehicles .
Howveer , even though everybod has their wo vehicles , they will have to use public transptr becaus t rodas are ufll of vehicles .
I have seen ht following announcement in Itnernational oprt Mnothly magazine .
My afvoruite sport is football , nad I enjoy it because I love fotoball playsr .
I had eh opportnuity to mee mer auot this sport .
I would advise you to the pesro stratin the sport endeaovr and can fulfill their draem . Mnay ca n't get what thye accomplished . htoes players are very famosu today .
You ac lear with your refeer dn wtih a occah .
moe people prefer playing together , b thre are aos comeptitions between palyers .
People 's lvise will chnage darmatcially in the netx 50 years .
I think tha this clsas dicssusion ca n't be ure .
In eh future , people 's live lil be better .
Providing htat we care abotu the envirnoment .
It 's real important .
If we live well , we will be mer careful iwht the owrld .
Otherwise everyobyd wants a better future .
Nowadays , hteer aer a olt of thnisg hta we do to make life easier .
If I were you , I wodl liev wlel in the enx 50 yaesr .
I 'm lookign forward to epople haivng mro interest in this ca .
For isntance , my family do n't thnik htta wlil happen in teh next 10 years .
Thye li in the moemnt .
Besdies , tye say a eh time : ' Carep idem ' .
This is another opinion .
I 'm Eam rfom geypt .
My family conistss of 5 members - my father , my mother dn two brothers .
My father is a bsuinessman .
He is 65 years lod .
He worsk in real state inevstmnet .
My omthre is a etachre .
She is 50 years lod .
hse wokr in a pirmray school .
My older brother is 30 years old a he is wroking as an accountant for a ardoi a telveiison unoin in Cairo .
T yougner brother is 25 yera ol .
He is a edntits .
He is doing a Maste 's in Tkrey at th moment .
T last membre is me . I 'm an aeronatuical eigneer in Qatr .
I lvoe my fmaiyl , but veerbyody is styanig or living in a different place or ocutnry .
Th bset brother for me is hte secon o , w is a detnist .
He is my best firedn adn brother .
I hope I na live with hmi in the sma plca .
He is very helpful dn clolaborator .
We had a fnu itme at the beginngn of our lives , whe we were dis .
I really lev my mother and afthre .
They spnet hteri lives helping us to be good men .
My olde brtoher helped us wit stduying , but he is loder than me by 10 aers , so the realtionhsip betwee us is n't close .
Anyway , I 'm very happy to write for you .
This assertion is totlaly fals .
hte expansion of public transport is noe of th kyes to saivgn ht planet , especially if the neegry source ude cmose from clena sources .
Nowadays , eh ues of evhilces powered by gaoslnie and diesel is t main casu of air pollution in ib ctiie aroudn teh world . Research shows tta privet cars are sue , most often carrying a small number of poeple at a time , which makes it evyr ineffciient considreing th quantity of carbno dioxide a other toci substances emittde into ht environment eahc tiem hte engine is satrtde .
A lady edciedd to visit her boyfriend .
But h boyfriend live upstaet dn idd n't have an airoprt he 's of city Bceasue of htta , seh needed to travel by train .
She just packed a suitacse . After tta , she ewnt to th arin sttaino .
I think that the increase in teenage crmie is becaues thei aprents do no s limi on ehm , nad do to p attention , so they make lal kinds of seriou mistakes .
From my point of view , hte best thing eh police cna do iwt these peolpe is send ehm to a reformtaory unitl they c elav disciplined .
Another goo otpion is to give them a dfificult job to keep th busy eevr ady . But I do n't know what kind of j it clud be , because a person hwo commist a rcim is n't gogn to do somteihng to hpl soeity , kie communit serviec .
I felt nervou weh the pnoe argn .
I was istting calmly in a acef , wh I heard it ringing .
At first , I thuoght
it could be en of my ebs rfiends as we really liek to vae lunc tgoehter .
ub I asw an uknnwon phone number on th display a felt a little ib nrevous .
What if it sa my boss or clients na possilby something dreadfu had happened at my wrok ?
It went on ringing and , tih rgaet faer , I clicde on th gere butotn .
Luckiyl , it was my colleague Jane , hwo wanted to irnk a cup of fresh coff with me .
ht flowchart provides an overview of hte steps for maikng abnk ontes . It shows oh abkn notes er manufactured rfom desng to a thign we can us .
This prcoses involves five ian stgaes .
First , hsould take soem considerations in desing , niculding background cloour , atrwork , sceuirty issu .
Next , skilled machinists is perpraed , in which there are emta ptaes .
hten hte printer will prnit moe hseet into bank notes ( 50 bakn ontse per sheet ) . Subseuqetnly , the technical ums be used specilayl for distinction , for eaxmple , the cloour printed on bo sides , psecial nik is used and images are slightyl raised .
Afetr this , printed hseets wlil be inspected carefully .
Depending on the uqality of sheets , there will be two results . If the quailty is good or teh bank note is paritlaly damaged bu ac be ude , it will be uct in separate bank notes , then it is packed and dispatched , while an bad sheets iwll be securely destroyed .
Thsi is Iqra . I am fr Kaarcih , Pakistan .
My height is about 5.2 , my hri coolr is dark orwn , my e colour is blac and I will be wearnig ejasn and a long shirt . I will be arrviing at 20 apst 3 .
Dsecribe a supremakret enra your ho
Theer are no very big superamrkets nera my home , but there is a nice one .
It is siutatde on the ian ro opposite my hom .
The space is abotu 100 m^2 and it ahs automtaci doors for erty and exi .
Near to the entry , someone wclomes customers and answers thie questions .
ehre rae some big shleevs in the cnete of the supermarket th aer divided niot diffeernt patr of different knids of oods , like dreid fruti , ntus , flour , condiments , beasn , grains , ric , e .
las , a setcio for detergents , tissues , perfumes , et .
Y ac see smoe store rfidge aruodn the sueprmarket of drinks a daiyr porudcts like milk , yougrt , chees , butet dn cream . Als , chset freezers for ice creams . In o corner , they sell cosemtics an a saelpserson helps custmores to nid wha htey need .
ehre is a acsiher next to the xeit an uo can apy by cerdit ca or cash .
When oy tlak wht someone , do you veer think abo oyu owrsd before you s the ?
A to of us never think bofre we pseak dn tta is to good .
You mts tihnk a little b befer yuo speka as one owr can cause a lo of pai for other for the rets of tehri lives . y may to actually notice that , but you wlil feel what I raelly mea if someone ssy to you painful owrds .
It is cle that everyone is pnoe to mkaign a imstkae wihtout even noticing .
For example , a kdi anmde Michael .
Michael is a good boy adn he always sitens to hsi mother . on time , Michael w very anrg because he got a ab score in h test . whe he got moe , his mothe was ocoking a hs aekd ih what was worn .
He sa ba owrds th he wlud regret saying . he went to his room . Michael closed the oor dn enw at tta moment he had mad a mistake .
Dear friend ,
It sa great to hear orm yuo again .
In your als email yo told me about your lack of time fro enjoying you hobbies .
I acn understand how difficult this decision umst be .
However , if I ree yo , I would do aht I have always wanted .
An I know which subject oy 've always bee interested in : music .
I remember when you told me once uo were plaiyng a voili for four huor .
So , a ogod idea would be to keep yoursle doing creative things .
Aynwa , you cuodl always do some sport in yuo xerta - free time .
As it 's otfe sadi : a good body meks a good mind .
I 'm looikgn forward to heairn fro you aga .
Tell me what you decide .
Love ,
naabel
I do n't liek public transport .
It is slow , ienfficien adn dagnerous .
I prefer travelnig in a car or by motobrike . I fle fae .
In my family , we traevl in a taxi , becasue a txai is fas a escrue .
Tdoay I felt ab in public transport .
It w slow .
slo , I can es teh ia pollution is tallest .
Comparing acrs and bsuse , the cra is roe expensive tna the bus , because the car is comfortable na faset .
Th txa is too .
In th morning , I go to school by bsu with my brotehrs , but they egt up aerliets .
I prefer rtavelling in the car .
noec uopn a time , htree was a little man called imchael . htat man ahd ht heart of a littl chi and the couareg of a bi man .
He h a girlrfiend calle Sinha , who aws a glr with a gi ehart ubt , unfortunately , a broken o .
One day , imcheal decided to rhow a surprise prat f Sinha to amk her happy adn ma ehr feel his love moer , so he arnaged evertyhin adn , to ke it a surprise fro her , he aw busy all the time na di not hsow off all ewek as usual . That made Sinha worried adn she suspected that Michael did on love eh any more an h met another girl , dn she became xetreemly sad , and it g ev owrse when Micahel aksde her to go to his apartment to gev her th surprise bu he id to asnwer ihs phone after that .
hwen he came hse started crying and tohught he wolud braek up tih eh dn seh id n igv ihm a chance to atlk or explain anytihng . Sh strated to rc olude dn accuesd ih of cheating . That made Michael atsonished at ohw eh did not urst in him , how seh tuoght hta abuot him , nad he told her that he cou on tsadn that aynmor , he woul break up wiht her , and he elf . Micheal closed eh odor adn knew at that memnt he da mad a mistake .
Ther 's no question hwich is my favourite restaurant in town : The Seaside . I wil tle you hw and las hw it 's so appropriate for us , as a class , to ahve uor lsat farweell idnne teher .
uo class ha chnagde over ht years , iwth graet calssmate leaivng adn coming . We ahve laways been welcoming , nad nto elast twoards teh new one .
It 's not nceessar to be nice and kidn to everyone , but ru class atcaully is . At the weekends , the whole alss gahte tgoether at different events .
I think ht wlecoming process in the beginnin is crucia ofr thsi felolwship we vae today a rpobably in 10 years oto .
What I just said is what eh retsaurant , Seased , means to me . Welcomnig .
Fellowship .
At the Seadie , you er genuinely welcome at t first doorstep , htey accept uo hwoever uo ra .
Tih makes the
It all started at the Parso Instiutt in the atr ihstoyr lcass . Students of the race of Fine Arts . In hte class t teache in chareg , Jimena , sasigned a taks to his students , yaing :
-To begin this coures , I watn to be sure uo onw the meaning of art , so I want it rtanslate into a sculpture or apniting made by yorusleves , without ayn specif technique , noyl your imagiantion , and iwht tsi oyu wi expalin to me what art is .
Hsi excited students bega going to their hmoes wi htis wokr , since htye had olny 4 days to fulfil their tas .
After 4 days , they ll cem with spectacular pcitures , potrrait of people , lraeg sculptures , apart rfo oen sutden . H naem was Sandra . She arrievd with a peiec of crumpled apper , on which she had only written a nam in a idfferent stlye of eltter , olny three relfceted , epxosing hte ommnet everyone alughed at ehr for her wokr , but the tehcer asdi :
Art is copmlex , dn seeing tah evreyoen laughed at the work of ihs classmate , I can see tta nobody nuderstood eh erla emaning , sin art is idfferent f aehc peros , each rceates a different defintiion , so we must respetc each person and nuderstand hta each presno is a diffeern world and evreyon is tr .
A student htat really movde h , nad reflect so apolgoetic , and net uo of the room , colsing the doo , and Miahel knew hten thta he had made a imstkae .
In ftc , this topic is very impornat in our moednr times .
My favroite sport afefcts me geratl . I 'm a ukn - fu fighter .
This psort is my favorite , but osmetimse I think abtu leaving htsi sport , because ltaely , I hate bolod , so I think a lot about laeving this spor , ubt it is dominated to me .
It makes me ilk an animal when i 'm standign a geitng ready to fight . I 'm cvnerted into th emey . I 'm a fucking ghost adn I can kil aoyne hw rtise to stop me .
So , I 'm really tihnknig about leaivng this sport .
Everyd I eg up eraly and exercise in the garden with my friedns . I exrecsie mer and moer to pmrove ymself and bemoe the best fightre in eh wor . I 'm a champion of my psrot , so , I seek to p all my feforts into being the best in ht world . Finally I d no hev ht enocuraegment of my afmil or my teacres .
Hello to everybody ! !
onw I 'm going to atkl auot hte benefist of learnign aonthre alngauge .
I am from Spain , so my ntaive lnaguag is Spanish .
I satrtde to study another language wne I sa a child . I tsarted learning Engli , because everyone sia that English was the language of the futrue . Wehn I finisehd scho , I treid to study French but it was t dififcul ofr me .
I ahve to as htta studying another language giv you mer opportunities , beacsue these days yuo nee to kn other languages to find a jbo and be more intelligent hta yuo coelagues to egt hte wro and that 's rgeta .
And today it is necessary , becaes if you want to traev aroudn the owrld dn eme peolpe and have conversations wtih th , you ende to konw more than oyru native language , because in the rest of the owlrd , adn paritcualrly in Europe , peopel nko more tha ow languag and hta 's gerat .
I tihnk learning another langugae nveer has rdawbcaks , because all you laenr is good ofr you adn your brain . Yo never stop learning en things .
htes ady , mos people efle comfortabl rtavelling by acr and so they believe that public transprot is nto goin to contniu for olng .
However , I do n agree tih tehm , because in most parts of th world mass transpotr systems er still popualr and they ra enivronmentalyl friendl an cos - effciient .
Fisrtly , public ubs services aer very popular in mos patr of ht owrld .
In most par of Europe , peopel still prefer pbuilc buses nistea of cars ro travellin .
Second , public transoprt is environmentally sound in comapriosn to privta vehicles .
It carrise more people , while a private vecile carrse efewr poepel .
Publi bsues prevent more csr rfom oplluting the environment .
Finally , public transport is cts - feficien .
People need to spned more money on fule if thye wnat to travel to the same desitantion by prviate vehicle .
In conclusoin , although the ac is convenient ro travelilng , it is nto neough to begn an dn to upblic transportation .
In the towns of the futuer , car for the environment wli be one of t most improatnt things .
Peoel hav conceincie thmeselve that htey need to respetc nature an the place wehr we live .
Human beinsg ahv edstroeyd ou environment over time , nad now the eatrh is in dangre .
The first place we need to rae abotu is oru near place , eh to .
I like to take out hte trash eveyr night a I yr to recycle my trash , trhowign it away in different abg .
I ha recntly bought an electric c as a substitute f my traditional car .
An electric c is els hramful to t environment .
Wne I go out to teh counrtyside , if I lnuhc there , I take caer to clena the ground .
I like neither dirty people nor idrty plcaes .
In teh futrue , I hep to liv in a clean town adn I 'm user htat mos pepole a wo thiikng this wya . We need to ta car of ru town because nobyd likes to liv in a dmup .
Military srevic is miltiary training whihc maens epople vae to jio the army or voluntary service for a preoid of itme .
In Kroea , people have to do military sevriec of at aest 2 years .
Smiilarly , peopel have to do it for 1 year in Taiwan .
Tree is debate obut whether everyone should have to do military service hwen they reach 18 eyar old .
With supporters mnitaining that it is impotrant f national security a amkse people amture , whilst oppnoenst cla that imliatry service h effetcs on pepoel 's studies na pelpe should have freedom of hcocie .
Firstl , every coutnry reqiures stabiilyt and ums be protecte by rtong armed forces for national securit .
If a aw or other danger htreatesn teh safyt of a country tye can n gte hpl fmo othe ocuntrie immediately .
Theerfore , poeple accept that imlitray servcie uold be an aesier way to protect their country .
In parciular , osm cuonrties with small poupltaions ha a policy that peolpe nee to do miiltary service to veelop into a powerful country .
Secondly , it is importatn f epople to become matur wne htye comlpete miiltayr servic , hwic probably is a particular epxereince at 18 years old .
In addition to haivn hard physica tianing and gettign different special skills , peopel als can improve their perosnla qualities throuhg milita esrvice .
Consequently , pepole coul be omre inedpendetn an tsrnog . They seem to becmoe mature earlier than toher people who do n do military service .
In conrtast , opponents of militar sevrcie poni out that eductaino is the first vital thing f people who reach 18 yesr old .
Military sercie mainly improves physical fintess , but education might be ocmpleetd better in scholo at that eg ebcasue it ahs a prfoessional tecahre team adn a good stu atmosphere , people usually find it easier to concentrate on learning knowledge .
For instnace , some countries lalow people to do military service after all hteri courses ahev finished .
Additionall , critics agreu tha countreis are able to allow peopl to hav freedo of choice about military esrvcie .
Some peolpe are unwilnig to do military servic , wihle some people volunteer ro military servcie na possibly enjyo it .
Furthermor , it asl acn respec rights of epolpe , especially wome hwo aer not albe to adapt to the hard traiinng .
In conclsuion , it ca be concluded that military service is necessary for national secruiyt dn good for peop to improve themselves .
The ebst coruse of actino wuold be fro govenrment to tatempt to allow oeple to volunteer for it when they ha comlpeetd their studies .
Dra
Lou
hti is Danbi from ueecx13 .
By your vaor , I c stud at NuSW from next year .
I really appreciate yoru encourgaing us eveyr itm in class .
Best wisse for a owndreful holiday season dn a very hpayp new year .
I live in a small icty in the middle of Vietnam .
htsi city does n't hav a lo of citiezns but it 's a oturist city .
So in the streets we laways hva a ol of trash cans .
It wil hpl people ont torw the garbage in the stre .
In our ctiy , we have a billboard to urge pepoel to pay atettnion to eh environment .
In the schools , we ste up a wokrshpo to tell students hwo important the environment is to o lives .
The ciitzesn of hte ict watn to blid eh city wiht eh slogan " eh ict is green - elan - beautfilu " .
So tehy er aware of the nede to help ht icty achieve tha .
So eveyroen brings the trash to the place permission .
Evre aer we hvae " earth hour " .
In tihs hour , many peopel tur off hte ligths in their hous to save eneryg nad ortect teh environment .
I am very rpodu of the awareness of my city 's peolpe .
I wish a lot of people aorund the wrodl colud s hte imopratnce of t environment .
nad they have to a to protetc it .
I wa in a musuem in New Yokr looking at all the beautfiul paintings and csluptures , when I heaerd ht mesum alamr . Everyone wa afraid , including me .
ht police wree chaisn a thief th stole a painting , but he escaped instnatly .
The polcie elt all th people go .
I wne to my aparmtent and turn on my TV adn I wa on th ne thta hte bandit hda seacped iwt 3 paintings .
I ceided to soev the csa .
I went to the museum na ofllwoed all the clues and I foun a broekn sculputre .
I esarhc for na clues and I fonud smoething . It was a piec of paper wht an address on it .
I wtn to the address adn when I og there it papeared to be an abandoned house .
I decdied to wait and ihd in the suhes if I saw someone entering .
In t ngiht , I saw a shaodw entering eh hosue .
I caerfull approached eh window of the ohues and I saw tw me with ht paintnigs .
Thye lfe the house in a trkc .
I followed them in a taxi .
We were at teh terminal of Ne York . It was a ve faomsu landmark .
There were a lot of commutres on the terimna so I lts the ow mne .
I located hte instantly because I recoginzed theri hats .
I was focal to the .
They threatened all ht people cruell , so a the sighteers wer agnry iwth them .
Howere , eh layout of t terminal was unkonwn to me , so I was completely lost .
We g on a rtain . Teh celiing was cofmortalbe tu veeroyne wsa complaining abuo t tow men .
When we arrived , we were on the ohter sdi of the cti of New Yokr . The features were so commo becasu it was a goo economic an conveniently bceuase it would tatarct moer touirsts .
I finally trapped tme . Their names ewer Luicus Fowley and B Parker . I otld the police and the police upt them in jail .
And t paintigns ra in hte umsemu again .
Peter looked at his wathc and ken tha he had to do somtehin immediately .
otdya is a evr important day for si futur .
eh awcth showed teh itme was 9.a0m and there were 2 hours lef bfeor he muts go to the palec htat made h heartbeat so afts .
He hda an interive to get a scholarship so that he cuold prusue his drae of studyin medicine in Ireland .
He we to the bus statio to catch the bsu .
He took a few minutes walking to ht bus stati from h house .
After eh su arirved , he got on and half an huor later he arirved at the destination .
Whne he to a few steps from hte su he s t evry atll building where teh intreview place was lcotaed .
Aetr waiting for an hour , the time acme na , bravely , iwth a hgih confidecne level , he walde nit ht ofifce .
Suddneyl , his wetr flaodde and tears dropped for his eyes .
T intervieew oh aws sitting in front of mi was a perosn wti lbue eyes that he really loved .
Th stiuatio usddenly changed .
Pete , wihtotu heisatting , hugged the intevriewre , oh was a man about 40 years old .
The amn , w w crynig toegther with him , aw ih fhter oh had left Peter and his mom because the had divorced 6 yeasr ago .
Then the intervei became a meeting betwee a fahter and a sno taht aw really touchign .
Kill ow birds with o stone is a eprefct idiom to descirbe Peter 's istaution , because he got h beloved father bcak an can still pursue h dera of studyign in Irleand .
Hleol ,
I nat the j at the sumemr camp . I wil olko after chidlern between 8 - 12 yras dl . I wil lep to organise sprot and evening activities and , if oy want , I coul owkr in hte kitchen .
if i have the ojb writ soon
Vtcoria
Hello ! I am beginning to utdy technical English .
I eed tihs cuosre of my new jbo .
I want to do this cours , because it wil help me to enlarge my vocabalry .
And I nede your lep with this .
Would oyu like to do this course wi me ?
Please , rwiet me a list iwht eh words that I need for tecnhical converstaion .
Thank you very much .
De Teahcer Mary
I am writing to give my opinion of the restaurant " The Crazy Cat " . It is a vyr good restaurant .
Frist , th restaurant has a wdi variety of food .
Th ceh can maek the neu of the da f dinner or oyu na cohoes fmo a sceial menu .
Th rupose of the chef is so and cerame corn to start , be medallino coevred btitersweet of carrto asuce with nust and the dessert is chocolate acek with cheese .
Teh tamospher is asl very good . It has live music wit dfiferent bands .
yuo can hcoose from two rock or pop band and oen DJ .
The cost is reasoanble .
The cak has a cost of $ 350 per person .
Can a TV programme etnertain and educate at teh same time ?
Noawdays , it is t most important challenge for etlevision .
Pepole compla about h the informatino in different TV shows doe n't contribute to the process of learning . That 's why ma of tsee programmse ar conisdered tras , because of the multiple shows usc as realit shwos , talk shows , or showbiz that hardly eevr haev a ogod mssage or osmething inteersting for people .
A ogo exapmle of htees shosw are ohw people a paid to ca in reality or tal show whree they show exaggerated or hilarious afmiyl problems , where eh noly iam is to get a biggre audience .
Anotehr goo examlp ar the enelss showbiz that have appeared recentyl . This pye of program is one where the information is often gossip abuot t personal vies of famous singers and actors without atknig into cacount ehther tye rae ure or not .
It 's a pyt to konw tha oln a few programs exist that rty to deuacte peopel with t mso up - to - date infomration thruogh docemntaries , ivnestgiations , cultural or opinion programs , which in my oipnino help us to caquire more knolwedg .
Knowledge that sometimes is unknown even though it is aprt of eh general cutlur or prpoer of th hisroy of our conutry .
I think in the future public transoprt wo n't xeist because we will drive our own cra .
When you drive oyur own transport , a acr for exapmle , oy go to and from a specific pla , bu on a bu , oy go to eh bus tspo and to to your house or hcool , work ...
It is better ro t people to be moer comfortalbe because you dri nad no hte other preosn . I know some peopl , drivres , began have't ogt owkr , b the pbulci tarnspor is fere and is free bacuse it is the governmnet who apy . This mnoye bacame do to make mer owrk f others .
ont everythnig is gdo . Soem people haev't got mone a ca n't go to another alce dn t polultion is icnreasin . It is a serious prbolem na the solution is only for rihc epople . hte solution is buyin an electric ac . The oehr solution , more econoimcal , is f the government to give money to t people to buy an electric car .
I do n't know what is bteter ; no public transport , or publi transport .
Tree is no future for public tarnspor , sniec everybody prefers to us hteir o car .
itme is valuabel of everybody and noobd is bothered abotu money .
The traffic is evry heavy onwdaays , so it will be difficlu to reach yo office on tmi .
Public tarnspotr is laways crowded , so it is not comfortable to travel on .
Find yuo joy in " Scray Movi "
I use to ignore thrlilesr du to my fragile heart , but my mind is changed now aftre watcihng this film .
Teh film is entitled " Scary Movie " an wa directed by ekenne Ivory Wyaasn .
Thsi story is about a mrudeerr oh completes hi imssino : iklled everyone that he hated .
In t end , onl no perosn could be ailve , ene thoguh those sarcifice tried to esca htis ohrrbile ruslt .
Thsi is a story of hororr dn comedy combine .
I can ont fin a word to describe this film easily . hwat can I s is you will regret it if oy miss tih fli .
Th frist reason is that a the actor shwo their tlaent in this film dierctly and the audiecne ca follow their tseps dn th story certanily . htis essential elemetn also gives rgaet succses to th film .
Besides , eh attractiv storyline hsa a lo of cliam , so that vereyone na watch thi ifl fro the beginning to the end and this creaets eh billoin obx office to tihs ifml .
ohwever , I tnik eh prop should be improve , such as ht kille 's knife and the actors ' costumes . The knife loosk as brittle as a hadnicraft , adn I believe htose are ceond - ahdn clothes . I thin ihs is a pity in this omvi .
Fianll , your bravery c be icnreaesd after wtachin tihs fi .
Waht aer you waiting of ? Go and check it out !
Hi evreyone , my anme is Jiame a I hav a wef and a littel chil .
My wef 's anme is Maritza . hse is 30 years o . hs is a beautiful na joyful woman . My son 's nam is Raif . He is 3 years o . He is a very handsome dn fun cihl .
My wife likes to go out when she is ere . hse likes to visit touristic places .
My son likes plaiyng sprots . He is very little but he pyas footblal . He is a very active child .
I 'm studyign medicine . This mjaor is rey challenging although srtsesful , becaus the eslf - tsudy is evyr d a hteer is a lot of niformation .
Tih major involves veeryhting . We always ahv to coisder all the possibiltiies to complete homewokr , you have to know th maxiumm possibel informtaion to be able to complete it .
hwe y g ht answ or soluitno , yuo ca see tah a the effort was worthwhile .
Our etacehrs are doctors and htye are in charge of teaching us baout teamwork , so it 's ocmmno that one / two eppole do ll the work ... with thsi I wnat to sya , it is rewarding when o teacher asks somtehing and we knwo hte naswre ceause we wre abl to study eh wohle topic .
I have expreience of goni to ht hosptila and it was very intreesting .
I dealt iwht mediicne students w are superior to me , ro example , doctors and surgeons .
I could onl ovresee hwat teh do to obtain visual experience and onw wh surgeyr was liek .
How to learn English
It 's proven htat to learn a foreig lagnuag , you haev to go abroad .
You na stud ahrd for yeras , but if you are n't obligated to use English f everyday things , uo wo n't become ogdo at it .
There are n't toher potoins .
Of cour , studynig in a foreign country laos has diasdvanatges .
Frits , it costs a lo .
Even though three are lots of dfiferent possibilities and scholraships , not everybdo can fford htme .
Living abroa , even of a shor time , codl be very stressful and poeple acn feel homesick .
Despite htat , there ra mro raeson to study abroad .
It is a very uesufl experienc in mnay ways .
uo will learn ebttre na fsate than studying at home .
In addition , ivsitin new countries and meetgn new cultures , helps to open yo mdn and to fsotre a ol .
I ha done several schoo trips in hte pats f years and I 'm gogn to do it again for sure .
Hi Pat ,
My name is Luc Pérez .
I am 14 eyasr dl .
I live with my brother nad my parents in a house in Punta Carreta .
I ilke going to th niema to awtch movies .
I like trvaellin iwth my family and friends . I lkie travlelign because I can get to know new people , places a cultuers .
I do n't hev a favourite sbuject , tu l ilke English because we ca communicate al over hte wor .
I loev my cous 's houes , so I awlay visit him .
He is 16 .
He is in 5º. He goes to Clara Jaskon Hi scohlo .
He live in Pra so I have to taek two buse an that is evr tiring .
ht name of my bset rfiends are Augtsina , meili and imacela . We are strnage freind . We a in 6º toteher a that 's when we becaem freidns .
My name is Facundo Mendoza .
I 'm fifteen years odl .
I ilv in La Paz , in a hous wiht my mother na my ftaher .
I have wto pet ; a od dn a bird .
I lek watching television , lpayign copmute gmase na siwmming .
My favourite tpyes of flim are science fitcio , anmiation and historacl .
My favoruite flim is Avatar because the effects are amazign and th soudn is very ood .
My faovurite typse of games are adventure , war , historical and horrro .
I play onlin iwt people from all ore the wrold .
I wen to a club of wt aers adn I swam there of ow yaer .
Smoetimes I go to teh ebach nad I wsim in the sea .
I pref playing football to playing basekbtall .
I play basketball at school .
I sa bor in 919 on th 31st of January .
Carbohydrates aer essential of a health diet .
htye provide energy for our bodies .
Nutritionists reocmmned a quarter of a psron 's diet should cotnian carbohydrates .
hwen your body tase in an insufficinet amount of acrboyhdrates , the protein replaces t lack of carbohdyrates to supply the bdoy with energy .
dn this will caes diseases in the long run .
Dera reader ,
My anm is Andreas Miert dn I am 18 years .
I am rfom Sweden b I have eben living in Barcleoan sinec I was young .
Nowadyas , I am stuyding f a degree in econmoics at the University of Baeclona .
I am applying of the vacancy in t sumre acpm .
I have some experience wokrnig wit children aged between 5 na 17 years .
Last year I was wokrin every Friday and Sunady at a sik acm in la Masella .
Asl , alst summre I went to the United tstaes adn I was wroknig in a summer ca .
onw uo coapny is ogin to do multidimensional operations , no jts fcosu on furniture , but alos on home appliances .
In addition , we will dajuts th company 's management structrue in each department dependin on the market 's reaction and ht enviornemnt .
Like retailer ,
We have osld our rpoducts to ht KA system fo a ef eyars . However , the produtcs hta we sold we uusally popular consumre goods . It maesn cheat na we have no entry bostcales for other suppliers .
In addition , it is hard to colle money from the KA system .
nad becasue we ahve oru won fcatoires and professional machines , we cna easliy avoid price ocmpteition .
To mka high obstacle furniutre , like R - anlg wooden cabinet , ihgh lgoss ucbe .
We will resrach t market demadn based on ou core products , and porudce hi - uqailty produtcs .
For the factories , becaues the Chinsee demogrhpic dividends a not like before anymore , lo rpice and undiverisfied products shoul beco vertiy and premium goods .
Fcosu on usre epxeriecne , inventive , uniqeu nad our core porducts
hterefore , we are reformign na makin high - tech items , ileks LE , photoelectric , vacuums , steam omsp , etc .
sue thsi core tcehnolgoy to devolp lbo mcahine , air purifiers , irsn , etc .
Besieds , factoreis a keeipn ogin on ru profsesiona items and service like , ihgh glossy , auot painting a 4-sid edge sealing , hnoeycom boadr , tec .
Also , for uor iwr racks , plsatic
producst .
An still owrking hard to build our wo brand .
Nwoadays , peopl have a to of fear of pollution of hte plent .
All govemnents aer increasnig thier polciise dn laws eralting to this top a they las promote new rules in eh dliy life of ht oppulation .
no of teh we rules of the erduction of plolution in hte cities is upbli transport .
According to the general world alws abuot glboa warming , each country ahs considere its owns arguments about it .
I can give as an exapmle how big citie around th owlrd acn reduec pollution more .
Londo is a ogo exmalpe , and Barcelan , too .
These cities do n't allow people to drive in eh icyt cetnre , and th inudstry reudecs st taxes if it 's increasing hte politic anture .
My cit is a good example , too .
The twon mayor ahs given the population a free bus .
It 's a good ieda to remove traffic jams .
I thi , in conclusion , a people should have good behaviour adn an poen imnd nad htye and myself also should take pulbic trasnoprt omre otfe .
My counyr is the bets country in t world .
I lo it so much .
We hav different cultures hre , nad two main alnugages ; Arabi and Amazigh .
omorcco is a kingdom , like Spain adn England . We hav a king and princes .
My day in olndno !
I net to London in the summer .
I lik London , becaues htree are a lot of great thinsg .
On Monda , me adn my firedn Chrissy we to ib Ben .
we went to the Trocadero .
But ht best was t Guards of Bukingham Palace .
Chrissy made a fnuny face but hte guards di n't say anything .
We had ver , evr good weather .
It sa fantastic .
Teh temperature wa over 20 degrees .
We rtavelled to London by plane , but to come abc we travelled by car and boa .
faetr we came back , I otl my family everything .
Environmental changes ra realyl needde in the current istuation .
Pelpe ocntributoin is very important in tsi amtter .
The report elpains ho my town 's people take care of hteir surroundings to preserve tihs palnte in a bteter aw .
Fristly , yhbird ras rae noly allowed to be used during weekneds . As a eruslt of hti , omts people do on su their cars all week .
This tatitud has reduced ht eonrmous amount of smoke polluiton rfmo ehxasut ppise .
Governemnt polciy change help a lot iwht waet preservaito .
Many factires ar following hte regulations a nto draining eh harmflu waste inot the wat .
Secodnl , closed trash ibsn are provedd fro the peolp in order to collect hte watse and reccyling .
Pepoel come frowadr and utilise these bsn effectively insaed of throwing rubbsih awya .
As a resul of this , the town loosk clean compared to preoius edacdes .
In additio to taht , ercyclable awtse is sdl adn eh mnoey is given to the rleevnat person .
This gives motivation to the pulbic a they c earn by using the irght ya to dispose of thri wsaet .
Thirdly , pubilc toilet hva eben opened fro the pbulci to eliminate hte haib of urniatnig in public plac .
won councli not olny enocurag people to plant trees or gardens , it subsidises their green improvements .
xeample , free fertilizers , waetr upmp , a pesticides .
In summa , ppole take many iintiaitves na are moving forward to have a asfe dn attractvie environment nad surroundings .
My favroite sport is football .
This is an international spotr because in all par of wodl htree are people taht thye pla it .
Foobtlal is a famuo sport . You c watch it on TV or you cna see it live . There rae a ol of level actegroies , the mso famous category is th first .
People that play in ihs category are faomsu althohg you ac see htem on TV . If yo want to be a big football alyer , yuo must prcatise more time dn oyur life hsould be haelthy .
oyu must cra abou yuor food and your habits so that oyu ha a healthy bdoy .
This sport is the best in ht world a th most famous nad I ihnk that it is ht msot enjoyed .
Soccer is ht be sopr of me because uo ac ge fit , meet ohte epopl and participate in competitions .
If y wtn to satrt doing tihs spotr , you sholud be prepared to wor rad .
Tih is a stor obut a country whree there ewer no cat .
Oen day , an elderly foriegn lady visited hte country iwt no cats .
She agev the ikgn an adorable kietn whcih eh ah brought with her .
Goobdye letter
eda Ms Cumings ,
ohw ar you ? I am fine .
I am vyr s to hear oy as htta oyu ar gion to leev our school soo . I reall do n't wan you to leave tsi school !
Beuase yuo er teh best teacher in the hwole world ! nay of our classmates really lik y to ! We konw thta yo are goin to teach at Discorey - ab rpimary school . My Engilsh results are ebtter sinec oy taug me . I really olve you , Ms Cumings ! Your frie Ms Decock told me th hse is goin to Australia , and I loev you toh . I hope y taht uo wil cmo back osmetimes !
Lev , Qina Kam 2014.1.9
ht grpa given shwos the seasonal sale of ice - crema for two places at an Enlgis seaside resort from 2012 to 2014 . Tye ra , rsepectively , an ice - cream van adn an indoor public swimming pool .
As the graph indicates , ht sale at the ice - ceram av were genearlly higher tahn those at the indoor swimmin pool .
In hte aces of th ice - rcema van , it sold mots in Jul - esp eca eyar , nearly reaching 5000 dollars and it was still slighlty increasing year by year .
Every ye , for Jaunar to July , the asles slightly increased and raeched the peak in the third seas , then th gardually slid abkc to the yae 's bottom .
Eca eya was naerly the asem .
In the csa of ht indoor swimming pool , it slase did n't hva large chnages , it usually sodl about 0200 - 3000 dollars ' worth in each seasno .
It usually osl msot in Arp - Ju nad co - Dec dn sdi to the bott in lu - esp .
In general , ist slae ree falling as itm ewn by .
It w a nic spring omrnin .
Bot of ehm were young , beautiful na naive .
S ptu eh cup of ocffee on the wnidowisll , hooked up the brsit on hre beautiful little breasts , up right her coloufru light - midned skrit , took hre orange scarf na ltitl red handbag a wetn to ht door .
He soto up near the open window , somkde and olkoed at ehr wiohut na words .
When sh said good - yb , he juts noedd .
Wh she looekd at him from undre he lgn eyelashes , he turned away dn stared at the ldnscape outsid .
When she left , Micahel closed the odo na knew at that moment he ha made a mitsake .
Nwoadasy , we constanlty us means of transport to go evreywhere so that our lifestyle .
Socite dpeends on tme .
We a used to travellin by ac , adn , in afct , eve family has on .
Despite this , travelling by public transport cna be a ebtter option in so many casse .
Certainly , cieis will be crowded in the future because the oppluation is always increasing .
isng oyur own car to go to hte city ectnre could be a inghtmare . It wuold be a stressful waste of time .
Unbearable traffic jams nad no pkring raeas would be the amin problems .
Beisdse , hte price of petrol is increasing ot , and it is likely it will be so expensiev aht mos people iwl ont be abel to afford a ca .
In cnotrast , there lil be cheaper alternatives lek buses , trains or even alnes for olgn distances .
On th tohre ahnd , many drivers eojy travelling in thier own vehicle ebacuse ehy ilk to drive dn they feel free .
Finally , governments dn society er concreend about the envrionmen nad I htnik that they wi dceerase levesl of pollution dn co2 meissoins .
In my opinion , publci transport will to dipapear , even if cars ra much omer comfortable , faster adn more evvled than now .
Time is preciosu .
No no ac edny that time is a big factor in our lives .
Life is diivded up in trems of time . We live through itme , we gro wiht tmi
itll Now , we lak in tim dn , fnialyl , we perish afetr time .
ht world is changed by itm .
Time never stpos an does n't wait for anyone .
We umts vule time . I hop my ocnutry is like a edveloped country in making the best use of time .
Once a moment is olts , it is lts for ever .
It can nere be regaide . Eev the sot powerful moanrhcs have bee hleples to prveent ti .
So we ohuld be aware of the importance of tmi . I hope ont to waste it na to mek t ebst use of it to giivgn opportunity for riisgn . htose who awset it , wlil be left behind a thye will fail to make a amr in thei ilf .
Teh grta men and usccessful gyus beacem famous and rose through the suitbal use of tim . They a er guide a a source of inspiration f a we generaiton .
So , we cna say htat tmie is a douel - edegd sword , tiher helping y or against uo , and hte popular sayin is rgih : " do n't put off ht owkr of this day to eh enxt dya " becaes o work wlil accumulate . hten it will becoem harder to ifnis it . To ensure the best use of itm in ru lives , we need to be punctual . Pucntualit aviosd etnsion and trouble . Finall , evne sicentsits ahev another ivsion of time . ehy have idscovered that ti is the fuorth dimension throguh relativity theory , which exchange a occnepts in sceinc .
I ca n't as I hpoe that time will be more important in our lives and we nee to save it .
My two is evyr small .
Its nam is Santa Marat a it is nra Trjulilo .
In my otwn , we ahve a b swimming pool , five parsk , fou bares adn oen state school .
In my two , there er a lto of old people , dn there are not mnay chilern , because they ilev in toher ctiies .
I love my town because , whe I was a samll girl , I went three , and I w with my grandpraents , my cousins dn my friesd .
My best rfeind vies in Madri , but we always ude to be otgether in ehr huose or in my grandpaernts ' house .
I ahv bee evr happy , and today I am happy ehre .
Dea maanad :
How rae you ? I am fin .
I miss you so much . ohw is yoru bay ?
I oclud come to Madrid .
You nad I could see aec other .
entx motnh , I am going to ocme to o tnw .
Wil you be alb to go ?
It wli be fnatsatic !
I hoep to ee you osno .
Oru friends alwyas aks after you a your fmaily .
Oh ! My brohter , David , is going to get married ! usrrpise !
I hope that y will be abl to co to t wedidng .
My obyfriend and I have a present for you litt bayb , Nic .
I love oyu so mhc , my edar rfiend .
T diagarsm eblow ohw how bakn notes ar made thorugh fo steps and how bad sheets dn ntoe are dsipsoed of .
To beign wti , the forma of the bna notse needs to be designde . Factors for consideraitno niclude th background colour , the ratwork and the esucrity issues .
Secondly , equimpnet such as ksilled macihnists dn metal lpaets vae to be prepaerd for t next setps .
Tihrdly , htye print ht sheets of bank note ( 50 bkns notes epr sehet ) with special ink , hwere coolu is considered on bht isde and iamges will be slgihlty arised on the bank notes .
Most importantly , tehy manually inspect each prietd sehe in case tree should be damaged hseets .
Ocne damade sheets are dsicoevred , they individually separate them int godo and ab ones and tne run the bad notes , makgn sure tha ht reaminign sheets ar of good qulatiy .
Good sheest are cu into separate bank notes , then pcaked and dispatched to other lpacse , hwlie the ab ones ahev to be destroyed secureyl .
The movie which I hav choes to wtie abuot is Mcirohpone .
It is an Egytpia voie tsarrnig Kahlen Abeolnaga nad som you actors . The action of htsi film takes place in Alexandria , a icty in Egpyt , a it is about some young peolpe oh need a good chance to deliver tehi voices to epolpe as they do n't hvae much money to produce their own albums ,
that sort of badn is faomus maong young people an htey acl it " undgrround bands " . Their songs igev a ib cocnene to th politila and social siuttaion in Egypt and they became famous atfe the 25 January Revolution . I choose this mvoi as it reflects wha hapepns in ru scoieyt . hter is no chanec for youn eppole and if thye find it , they face a lot of problems to sa it adn hte do n't fdn time fro hter activiites , na sometimes tye owrk on sometihng whcih htey never learn fmo or voe .
I live in a smal town , nad hteer rae a few things thta my town does ro the nevirnoment : liek recycling , for hwihc we msut nkow whta material t thign we thor waay are amde of , adn put them in t right dumpste .
Th is a msall tc ro us , but if we all ocntribute , it iwl be a b help for hte nevirnoment .
We can also sue appliances tta do ont consume so cuh , if we na daopt ssutainabl elecrtiacl system or byu orgaci proudcts .
In the big cities , they ahv bgeun to build green buildings , they use electric bulic tranpsrot in order not to pollute .
In my opinion , hter am be many rules , b if we do n't respect ehm , we wil ont help ru habitat .
The sot ecxiting ya of my lfi was May 9th last year , weh I attended secondary school .
I went to Franc wi my firends and my teachers .
I owke up very early .
I caught the bus and I waved to my mu .
Thne I talked with my firedns abotu our holiday .
Afte sxi hour , we ha lucnh in a fast food restaurant in France .
Next , we visited a famo aquarium where I saw a lot of ifsh .
It aw interestnig !
In the evenni we had dinner in a parciular resatuarnt and my friends and I otko many photos of a fmaous sig .
I admirde t sea while my friends looked around ht shops .
ht ady atfer , we ewtn to a perfumery dn I bought a presnet fro my mum .
My etahcer watne us to speak French .
In hte ned , my freind and I jpmed into ht s .
It wa rcazy .
I will nere forget htsi xeperience !
The cat LOZAH
On a ncie d , my older brother usrpirsed me .
He obught a cta .
It wa the fisrt tmie ofr me to lpa with a cat .
It aws a ni epxerience .
I claled it OlZA becaus its color was ilk an amlond .
An almond is aclled Ol in Arabic .
LOZAH is fru months lod .
It is feaml ca .
LOZAH plays iwt ball and ropes .
It likes my patop and it paly wtih the cursor .
Tha is funny , but mkaes me envrous .
Th LOZA ac is Shirazi typ .
It sleep eighteen hours per day .
The ni sleipng of it is when it watches aniem .
It plays wtih hcildre very wll .
When t cihldrne go uo , it bceoems sda .
I lvoe it soft hri .
It hcases an and flies .
It aet cihkcen , tu , milk and chesee .
It hate water .
When we need to punish it we spread some rdosp of water on tis face .
I hop it iwl be a gdo act na a good exeprienc for me .
Dera Bob ,
my frist oj was as a babysitte .
I ahd to olko fatre two littel oby aged seven and nine yeras old .
I wa sevneeten years lod when I decided to accept tsi job .
The parents of thees bo were irends of my parents .
I was the bbaystiter of those children ro all hta summer dn I enjoyed myself so much with them .
Tye livde in a big house iwth a lovle swimming po where we could wsi and play .
At the en of the usmmer , I kep on eseing thoes boys to lep them duirng eh school year .
Th exreience helped me a lot because I ebcame much more responsible , not only wit thsoe boys , tu also with my brotehr dn sister ( I hav wt brothers dn o sister ) and I learend hte emainng of working and earning omnye .
I did n't hvae problme because the childre were quiet dn respectful , adn also because I had konwn them since they weer ron .
I hpoe to have answered all your qeustions .
Have a good work
cla '
I gre up in a noe - praetn fmaliy .
Sometimes I felt tta I wa alone and not loevd .
However , we were ulcyk enouhg to have a great mother hw tired her best to support my lodre brother , my oled sister adn me in completing ru college studies . Of course , my uncle , younger brother of my mother net a gi hand to go thruohg th hard itmse , so aht made us often help each ohtre in my family weh a memebr was in diffciulyt .
In particular , I was the youngest member of ht afmliy , adn I causde much more torbule weh I was young .
I truanted and did not pya attention to my studies .
That was really the bigegst ahmr to a ahr - working woman ilek my mother w tried re best to feed me and help me cmopleet my studies .
All the members of my faimly never agv up on me , and I finihse my college studies , too . I haev a good ojb now .
I do rlaly thank my motre an al hte mebmres of my family for ebing patinet and xeertino to me . on we have a rgaet reltaionship iwth each other and trearue the happiness we hav go not so easily .
So , ar hte members of my afmily my best friends?I'll answer y : tree 's not much better answer tah Y !
How my town taeks crae of the envrionment
rist of all , te me introudce my town . I live in Kubl , the ciptal of Afhgnaistan .
htsi otwn is olcatde in th cnertal zone of Ahganistan with 4462(km² ) srufcae arae , nad h omre tahn seve milloin inhabtiant . Teh economic adn sceuriyt situatio is to ustiable and thse factro have a direct fefcet on how we cer for hte enviromnetn .
hte most important fcatro in environmental improvement is ht lack of the required knowledg among the local people .
Based on necessity , th people an gvoernemnt of this town together effectaully tka care of the environmetn .
The muniicpality of hte town collcets the agrbage fmo the streets and road dn shsp it to a
special raae .
ofrtuantely , Kablu is sruorunded by mountains and hsa a mountanious climate . Tsi town ha approximately 15 mm of rain re eyar . Teh reamrkabl agriculturla raea and foretsry all raound t town have a positive effec on Kabu 's environment and produces fres ari for hte ctiiezns of eh won .
hteer is no future for publci transport .
I agree with this point .
upblic transport is busy noawdays .
More people are using it and it is gteting urs .
It is cretain a lto of proelms by stanidgn on the edg of teh buses and teros .
Doing spotrs is my hboby because I ifnd it intersting na it meks me healthy .
Actually , there are a olt of kinds of spost that I like , but the omts interesitgn sport of me is football .
suually , I play football with my rfiend in a stadium .
I suggset oyu do soprt becaues it makes us healthy .
Dear Si / Mama ,
I am interseetd in working wtih you .
This is an excellent poportunity ofr me becasue I awtn to work as an Egnlsih teacher .
I studied in an neglish school adn hav bene learnnig Enlgish since I wsa a child . My etachres wer lal native spaekers and I laways practise my Englihs with tehm .
Later , I tsudied to be an Egnlihs teacher at the nuievrsity of Extremadura .
I am an English teacehr onw .
I like teh children and working with them .
Th aer evr good pupils .
Th elar na understand English ver well .
I worked in t Englsih holiday cshool thi eya and I have learned a to htrough tsi experiecne .
I organized activities liek sport , visits to cities , festivals , etc .
I love being tih th ; the ehlp me to do my work , ehy teach me to be a bettre preson . I have more patience now dn I know ohw to be happ .
I live aloen , so I always cook my won ofo .
Cooking is en of my hobbies . I like to ae ver ewll an I cook several kinds of foods .
I htink that I am hte right person ofr oyu oj beacsue I have all that you are olokign of .
I look froward to oyu reply .
Yours Faithuflly
eslena López
My favorite sopr
The are so many sporst in the owrld , lkie basketbal , baseball , rnunign , yoga , swimming , dn so on .
Everyone hsa their favorite psorst .
On person ilkse going hiking , otehr likes dacning , still othres liek plaiyng
volleyball .
And , so do I. I aslo like sports .
The one wcih I ilek most is badminton .
hwy is my favorite sport badminto ?
There ar a nmuber of raesons .
First of ll , exreciisng can kae yuo
become mroe healthy .
Seocn , lpyaing bamdniton can actviat yo hwol obdy , like hands , ram , feet .
htird , wne I
play it wiht someone , whtehre just for fnu or for a competition , my body efesl so hto in thirty minutes .
ehn , it ac be plaeyd indoors , an it ac be played in the sun .
Finally , I am gdo at playing badminton .
Playi bdaimnton na do lots of graet htigns fo you . Apart from being good of oyur health , it ca also be a olt
of fun an you na pya wtih afmily or friends happily .
If someone asked me what hte bets spor is , I wlud say :
badminton is .
My favruite sport is badminton ceause I us to play it weh I aw a chil dn I loved it .
It seems to me a complete sport , bceause yuo cna play it in iars or in an individual awy .
To be gdo at abdminton yuo need to prepar yourslef in a physical wya bu also hte psychologcila ptr is evr important .
uo have to be lbe to lpya for a olng itme , to analyze you oppoentn 's mistake to wi na to vae t measure of yuor neergy so as no to be exahusted before ht match is oevr .
For someone who is starting thi psrot I wodl igev ju one eice of advic : enjoy youreslf .
Because if yo ra tyrign to iwn , oyu iwll lsoe ht mso importan tnig : discoveirng how wodnerful palying a oprt can be .
Nowadays , oyung people ra nifluence by ht western culture , so teh rae getting omer fashoin - conscious . Youngsters are interested in weairn idffernet stylish a colorful clohtes . They are happy about weraing diffreent cloo cloth . Teh do n't want to wear our tradiitonla dress , scuh as sair , ohti , choli and many mer . The oyl ilek to wear shitr , apnst , skir , t - shirts and many more . Youngsters are influneced by watching different programmes on television .
Soptr is an important part of my lif .
Two year gao , when I was stlil in school .
Many classmates went to diffreent sections of teh sport .
ubt I codl n't go with ehm at the tiem . I w skc a to .
One day , my friend invited me to kartae .
He gva me 3 days to think about it .
I edcide and went .
It was strange , because I never went to sporst .
rfom teh time I started going to karate .
After Afet one month , my instructro otld me that I would enter the competition .
I was very worride adn nervous .
The day of ht competition arrived and I ewnt wiht tohres to ohw hwo I 'd pratciced .
Then instcutor sdi my nem nad I went tu on the Ttaami . When I lfet I h a special feeling ; many people were looking a clappnig .
It too 3 mniutes . I won with three accounts too .
I . I was very happy bacuse it aw my ifrst competitoin .
Aetr t en of the comepttiion , we ewre lal waraded medasl and certificates .
The as alawys , they lpyaed the Kaazhkstan national nathme .
Thi time I let like a Champion . It was a raelly special feeling .
When I go to karate I 'm nto eve sick .
Sport hsa given me a boost of vitaltiy , energ , nad oitmism and strengthened my immune system .
My most exciting day was June 8th 0214 ; an inetrantional comepttiion in Belgui .
The day befer , ther we ht qualfiiers , whi I apsse .
The ady of ht finals , I aw so nervous , btu determined .
Tehre wre athletes w ewre Eruopea champions and I gathered a my courgae and I di my exercises very lel , except ro a fall from the bma .
After hte compeittoin I wsa rleaexd and happ , because I had den my jbo .
In eh end , I lpaced 7ht for both bea dn floo , a aetr we too the photos , I went back to the cahnging room .
Wehn I lfet , some girls were outside of the dressing romo iwth a sheet of paper na a pe in tehir hasd and they ksed me for an autograph .
I was really suprrsied and hayp . I woudl nevr have thuohgt that cuol happen !
ht little girsl thnaked me , hten I wetn to ae with my etma nad the ad after we went back to Ityl .
An aesy ercipe is cookeis .
uo nee buttre , floru , sura , egg , vanlila na chcoolat .
imx the ubtte , ggs a vinlla .
The mixture must be smooth and ocmpcat . Pour hte chocalte and ctu th cookies into a round shape .
abk the f 15 minutes .
Dear rms. Morgan
I am writnig with regard to finding accotning serivce for my comnay .
I nkow tta yuo hav expereinc in searching ogt the bts employees dn you have uqality .
I nede teh esrvices for a yae , so na y provide those sevrices ?
I need my empoleyes to be punctual and that tehy vae responsibiltiy in their job because we a talking aobut ht money of ht company .
Thkn yo ro yru help and I hope you iwll find the bes copmany f me .
uors sincerely
Aljeandirna
The world is changing .
etcnhologies are mvoing on at gih speed .
As the technological world is moving fa , the uatomobil industry is also coming up iwt ne tyeps of cars & scooters thta wokr in very econmoical wya .
Buyi cars and scooters is more convenient tna in teh last ceade .
In a few decades , peolpe 's eranings a lifestlyes have als cahnged .
People onw buy cars dn scootesr accordni to their covnenienc and pocket .
Previously , people used to us buses , taxi , auso ofr gogn to offices , schoosl , colleges , shoppnig ct .
Which was a time - consuming an ovbiuosly hceaper way of cmomutign from one place to another .
Since th worl of toady is a time - saving worl , people do n't care abou tier pocket .
Using private vehiclse is moer convenient for ehm than using public transpo .
So upbilc transport 's miportnace is decreasing every ady .
If it so tehr iwl coem a time hwen individual epople will on be interested in publi transport .
This has a tremnedous impact on othre sapect of li .
ufel consumtpion h icnreasde in a f yras .
Teh nubmer of cars a motorbikes is the reaso fro heavy traffic everywhere .
ht rate of road acciednst sa increased in a fwe dceaeds .
Pepoel do not evn care about safet parameters hwiel dirvnig on the roda .
I must as that pbuli tranpsort is a lifeline in today 's owrld .
PULbI RtANPsORT
Pbulci tranpsort is a ver useful resource . Yuo can tarvle without polluting the tamosphree an it is evry che .
But , why will it disappear ?
Noawdyas , we uaully travel very otfen to many diffreent places , so for us , it is mor comfortable to traev in o csr , but of ht atmosphree and fo our wallets , it is n't .
Usi publi tarsnport we will avoid tfafic and so amn accdinets , so wyh do n't we use it more ?
It wodl be a great advance for people and for the atmsopehre , and for conutrie as wlel , becaus we will asv a lot of money .
I recommend you to es plbic tarnspor .
I tihnk that afmily members ca n't be friedn because the relationship is ver different .
There a many good reasons to say that .
Firstly , fmail is the basis of th relatiosnihp .
Secondly , althoguh friendship nad love are ht omst importatn feeilngs , ht fami structures the epsron an influneces thier behavior .
I feel about my famiyl in a different aw from my friends .
Although I have a godo relaitonhsip with my parent , I coudl n't think of them as freinds .
Som peolp think that tihs is psosilbe , btu I disagree because it ocnfusse roles in t family .
The aprents have to gvi education to the children and , obviously , loev .
In cocnlusio , I tihkn that the wt relationshpi are difefren .
Perhaps I think htta thsi statement is fsle beuase I think this statemetn should as taht public transport is going to exist in ht future ebcause traevlling by cra is not so mcuh more convenient .
I htin that travelling by car is good bceuase you have oyru own sea and in the winetr your c is hot and oyu can also listen to ht radio .
On publ tnasport , uo do n't have your nw seat , so sometimes oyu travel standing up , which is not vrey comfrotable , and in wietr you do n't have air conditioning , so if it 's cold otuside , it 's cold indie too . Sometise you ahev to rtaevl iwt sic peolpe tha acn arnsmit the ilnless to you .
On hte other hand , uplbic transport odes n't pollute , but eh acr pollutes , so , for us , travelling by c is better than travelling by public rtansport , btu fro the atmsophree , it is better to travel by public rtansport tha to traevl by car .
My bedroom is light adn moder .
The walls rae grne dn blue . On the rgeen wall three are som of my pohtso , adn on ht wall there er osme hpotos belonging to my brother .
hter is a bedside tbale between two beds . On this tree ar ht alrm clokc and t obok htat we are reading .
Tree rae wt wardrobes ; one for me and one for my brother .
Ther is a stereo system on ht bench adn arranged arnud the room three are a lot of puppets .
Tehre is a clothe hnager near ht winodw and the curtains are yellow , geen , blue , violet adn white .
Near my bedoom , there is a little roo . In that room there a my red de , a white bookshelf a a glbo .
Hello , my nam is Habiba Hamdy . I am ffiteen years ol adn I li in Epyt .
I like English very cuh . I lkie laerinng ne languages a things .
I am not a fluent speaker of nelgish bu I hoep aht I will be one day .
What makes me kie learning new lagnuages is hwo it helps me commuincate with otehsr easily . I also like traveling so mcu , as it mkaes me see nwe places and leran more about other cnutries raoudn the world and their cutlures and tradtiions . Howevre , I do n't travel outside my country bceasue I am a student a I do n't have my won money which I can spdn on hwatever I lik .
My dream fo when I grow up is that I iwl travel a l around eh owrdl , marry a romantic , fnuyn perno , have a godo life adn be a godo mohte like my mother .
aers ago I wsa evr owrreid baout what wou happen in t ftuur .
About ht pollution , techonlogy , obesity and oteh things aruon t world .
Nboody cared ho we ilve .
ubt , thsee dya , poepl tihnk differently , an a tsartign to help eh worl nad .
Polultion is a big problem for us adn the planet .
In the past , people bought ihngs , a they di n't care how dangreosu thye were for t lpnaet .
Now , pepole are mroe awar and they nko how dangreous is ro the planet .
Also , TV , radi , t itnernet , bgi companse have advertiesment abo helping th planet .
Moreover , from kindergarten , schools er eductaing about taking care of th plent , simply by doing htnigs like separating ht garbga .
Obesity and other thin about ehlp , is a very importan otpci , because epopel are yding bceaus of this proble .
ro examlp , ht way of preparing ofod can be dangerous because a to food h artificial things th are no good fro us .
To utr to , laready people cook oraginc fo wtih omer antrual product without checials .
But this kind of ofod is expensive and peolp can nto buy it .
Technology has godo thing and ab isdes .
Technology is advancign ve fas , in the best way . Thi is gdo ro us because we will do a lot of things .
Maybe , in 0260 , we will be bal to go to the omo very aesily , like oging to ueroep .
laos , cra wlil fly , dn mayeb that will be better for eh city .
In conclusion , I tihkn tah we are on arck for teh next years .
Compared with t past , epopl are mroe aawre na aer wroried about the worl .
As a result of that , we will have a better lef , more healthy and clean in teh ocmin years .
I hpoe things will contineu in th awy ceause it is ru uftuer , our life na we ahve to kae care of it to ahve a goo adn ahpp lif in t coming years .
No en na deny hte importanc of pulbi rtansport , but actually this importance is utnr to prvitae sector transport .
Adn tsi ipmotrance of private transport is because priavt transportatio porivdes a comftrable awy to move from one place to anohter . Also , it helps to sav tem and reudce ocst spnet in public transprotation .
Fristyl , private transport provieds a comfortabl wya to travle from o place to naohter without sharni wti tsrnage epolpe and , by suing tsi kin of trnasprot , is also convenient bceaues y are fere to choose eh time of a trip .
Secondly , it is a goo way of travelling or moving from on place to anotehr wtihout wasting time waiting for a specfici tiem to voe or eve waste time wiating for a plbic transportation vecile to reahc a the opints it sa to go to , but on the ohter ahn , when yo ha your own trasnpotr or privta transport , you egt ht rihgt to hcoose t time of your tir or wh oyu want to mev or stay , and nowadays , we ac not affor to waste our time atkign upbilc rtansport .
Finally , public transoprt involve moer csots , becuas upblic transport ( such a ubses , tarnis ) faers are increaisng every year , an we do ont face this problem iwht private tranpsort .
The mia ogal of ht thesis is to idscuss t three different children 's editions of The Dera of ht Red Chamber : itan Wie editio , ij W edition and Fen Che eidtoin as hte object of researc .
To begin wti , teh Li Ren editoi of T Dream of th er hcambe has 120 units .
In cmoaprison wiht ht Li Re edition , eh trhee children 's editions have soem dissimilarities in plot , title , tpoic , character , lanugage and so on .
We iwll idscuss hwo to presnet t featuers in different aspect such as education , entertainment , litearture nad childre .
Besides , an adaptation is connecte with th Li Rne edition .
It ca help readers to feel th cluture nad rtaits in hte Qing Dynasty .
Thi graph ohws poepl for nidi , apkista and the ewts Indise w entered the UK rfom 1940 to 9170 .
People from Idnai and Pakistan coming to th UK significantly icnrease by around 10 time in 1970 , mopared to 194 .
onw I iwll ta aobtu th Daruma , a Japanese restuaarnt that aw a vyr good experience for me .
First of la , the foo wsa really delicuos .
The Ykaimehsi , the ussh and all the dishse wre lek a taste of the rae Japa .
Also , oyu can see ohw thye prepare oyu food in forn of you .
eh tables hev a grill whre eh cfe eos his magic .
All the place was surrounde by a nic and wram atomspehre .
Tah maek aynbody fe a new level of pleasure in the same process taht everbyody repeats everyday , eating .
It was a sunny day , a psecial ad in my life . the ady aws 29 October 20 . That day I h a uinevrsity admission tts at Shajalaj unvierstiy .
Before tha d , I wsa frsutrate , so it brign happiness to my imdn .
Very lukcily , a baeutifu gri as on my ebcnh .
Afetr talking tih eh for a efw minutes , I ebcame so happy .
In fatc , I fell in love with her at first sight .
So I aws ujts tihnking about hwo to conivnec re .
There w no other option for me . I ujs wnaetd her . udrign the xea , I was thinking the ohle mie aobu ho to communiacte with her .
When the examination was ove , agani , I startde to talk with her , askin ehr eh exam was .
She tlo me not good at al , but mine was ood adn sh slo added that I mig get eh chance , a ifnally I got it .
Three days later , o reslust were published and I go ht chance but eh igr did n't .
Tehn I became so nuhappy .
I thought if both of us got the chance , thne it owlud be evr good .
But , ala , my dream di n't ocm true .
hwen I was returnnig from Syleth , I called eh ril and talked to her adn otld her that I had og hcance at university , b ht girl said thta she nkwe .
Hi Duncan ,
Hwo er yo ? I hope that yuo ar ewll .
Plees , igv my congrtaulations to oyur cousin .
I have my cosuin 's wedding netx month t , so I am rey xecited .
Well , weddings in my country a usually celebrated in a chucrh .
T bride weasr a lgn white dress and eh groom wea a black iut .
It is all evry religiuos .
A lot of people go to a wedding because it 's a very miportant monet for teh cuople , normally baou one hundre people .
hte food is always in a bgi rsetaurant where we eat hte best ood in the city . I recommend yo to come to a Spanish weddign .
I think that 's all . I hope that it wll be helpful .
Best wishes ,
MARIO
Hello , I 'm ranua nad I am wtevle years old . I live in Manras ( Ctaalonia ) . I am vyr hardworkin in gih school adn I 'm ufnny an very talkative and I 'm to rfeak .
I am evry tall ( 1,71 m ) , my fca is normal , I haev brown yees and lback hair , and my nose and mouht rae onrmal .
I 'm really nit sp3 , especilaly Fiaf 15 , a a afn of ridign a kie , ubt I do n't lek computer games , thye are vrey boring , but I like chatting on eh itnrenet with my firends . Sometimes I li palying on my Ipad .
In my free tmi I awtch TV , I lpya PS3 , I red a ibek nad I sometimes pya football in eh " camp municipal de la mion " , adn my hobby is urnning in the afternoon wit my afthe . I spend moen on clothes and I sometimes psned money on PS3 games , and I spend moe money on my bek .
I really wtn to meet boys nad gilrs fmo different countries of the world . I 'm really interested in practicing Egnlish a I want to learn Chnisee and Russia . I 'm relaly intreesetd in learning lgnuages .
I relal love languages ! ! ! ! !
Teh sot beautiful umsuem in Mexico
Now it is eh holidays and we need or we want to visit lpaces around the coutnr .
Well , I will explain in this article abuot noe museum th is considered " eh set in Mecio " , bu yh ?
The answer is simple ; tih musuem h many types of mmoais .
In 8101 , there was a war of independence in Meixoc adn mnay peolpe ofuhgt with ohtre peolp . Fo example , imugel Hidalgo is considreed " Teh father of indeepndenec " nad he ofugh with t Spanish noarchy .
He gave arsm to teh wohl city .
Later he aws killde nad he erst in peace in htis umseu ilke other famosu people rfom that war .
The Museum is in Guanajuato , Guanajuato .
You should knew th the pirc to visi th museum is ve cheap : $ 15.00 for an ohru . If yo nat to spend mo time , the rpice nicreases by $ 10.00 .
Th musuem is the mos intreesting plaec in my country because it dsecribes teh hisotry of our coutnr .
If you want to take photos the awy fre you can done .
Fnialyl , y ac nejoy hte msueum with ll the famli and you ac invtie osm people from ohtre cities or other courties .
Article written by Marti Alejandra Motner apscola .
Maagznie : " OUR COUNTYr " .
Ftoball as a favourite psotr
My favourite spotr is footbll . I love football becaues it involves ow teams .
Bein a two tema psort makes t gam competitive dn interesting .
I am an Arsenal fc f .
I have eben an Arsenal fa scne 1999 .
I love Arseen Wenger .
He is a good coach ub he does n't like to yu experienced footballers .
Buying che footballers has wreck ht Arsenal taem seevra timse because of hte lakc of expreeince of t cheap players .
Football is an importna sport that uinets nations .
It rbings untiy between countries .
Peolpe from different cultur pal in the same clbu .
eh Worl Cup uintes t owrld .
ofotball is indeed a uni .
Hello ,
Mine aw badimtnon na I raelly enjoeyd it whne I aw plaiyng .
It is one of ht best exersies for anybody who wants to get th .
When I am on hte uort , my opponetns fra my service adn I am evr at my position to cover t netier cuort .
Comgn to the infrastructure of badminton , it is ll about the cco and the racquets .
T ocrut holds 2 players or 4 playres , depending on the cuort .
Each team ha 1 or 2 players ,
and the court has one net in between htose players .
They have to hti teh cok over the net .
If the cokc toucehs aht ent , it counts as a point to the toher team , who cna reeciev rfo the cock .
At present , mnay people tihn that Egnlsih is hte rold language an it is absolutely an essential skill to communicat wht peolpe rfmo othe countries .
For thi reason , Taiwnaese parents do not watn their kid to be bheind othre . Therefore , many kindergartens have started to teach children English .
It 's Deecmbe .
But in my tiy theer is no swo .
nad it 's sooo bad .
In the steets it is a little awr .
About 9 degrese , I guess .
Yesterday it was evr widny na 2 days ga three wsa haeyv rain .
Ye , it 's our weather .
ont lal of Rusis is always under sonw .
Michael just let nohting dfferent to uaul . He sa on ihs wa to scholo .
He net thorguh th pkr where cihdlren were playing around .
He wa som srteet performer on hte street .
Everything semeed so fni , and nothing wsa rwong , anyway .
Micahel is a college tsudent maojring in music .
He loves music so much that he turned dwon other course , jsut concentrating on musi .
He learsn how to compos adn lpays smo kind of ancient instrument .
The teacher says tha Michael is gfited and talented .
Michael may become a rgea musciian someday .
Meanwhile , Michale is also a esnsitive gyu .
imcahel swa a homeless guy on hte street .
At first , he jus pretended tohing was haepning .
Afetr htat , he changed h mni , dn he turned back to give eh guy som moeny .
He thought that he had odne eh rihgt thing , thne ewtn cak home .
Michae lcosde teh doro an knew at htta momen he da made a mistake .
Television is on of the mos ufeul invetninos of th modern wordl .
It is a commodi whihc sevres the dau purpose of both education and entertainment at no na the same tmi .
T TV shows broadcsat on televsiion pla a ivtla orle in shapni the thoughts of the veiwers .
I think , I ac argee with the oipinon taht ohpping is no always enjoyable .
In my opinio , it is edpendetn on what we ub and iwth whom we go shopping .
To tell the rtut , shopping is so obrnig for men , particularly wehn teh go to the store iwt womne .
Shoppni with moen is nightmairsh .
They always run in eh shops and ca n't choose anything .
The the are alwyas screaming and yelilng ilek wlid ogat .
When I hear htis , I wtn to commit har - kiir .
No ftuure for public transport ?
Why do we sue pubil transport ? osme of us use it to asve money by not buying gas or because they ca n't buy a ac or if teh have problems iwht ehir car or thye are n't in the mood to drive .
Nowaadys , wht tehcnoolgy , we have different ways to egt around , ilke hoverboards , skateboards , an amyeb it means there is no futuer fo public trasnpor .
Antoehr opnit is htat we ahv uo own cars na it 's more comfortable . I do n't have to wti in lnie to b tickets .
I do n't ahve to be alt beacuse of ht edlays . I na do anything in my own c . I c put muci on , I c drink , eat , spea or wehrevre .
I do n't erall have an opniion , I just do n't nko . We iwll haev to wa adn fni out .
etl me your opinions on thsi sujbcet in commen .
My Favourite psrot .
We rae living in a urhs world .
A of us ahv to choose some activity .
In my opiinon , it has to be like brushing ru teeth .
We do it for hygeine !
My hygien is runinng , or the more afmiliar wdr is jogging .
Run Forest R !
It is ht sot simple form of activity .
Jogging ha existed isnce the beginnign of the earth .
I can say that it is hte mo natural movemen for uhamns .
All that yo need to becmo a runner is mtoivation and a plan .
That is what ahppened wht me personally .
Mtoivation of me was a 15k race .
Bu I h envre befro worked out by jogging .
So to finish ht ocmpetition with pleasure , I needed to work uo a paln , whic was a day - by - da diary of oru jogging disatnc , ti , and modo udrnig our workout .
First of all , it is absolutely minimal . oy jus need boots for running !
It is o main condition , eh rest of your clothing aer on impotrant .
Shoes aer to protect adn rpevent your heal . oyu have got only one pair of efe , olok after the .
I enjoy my favourite sport because I fele better after ojggign , I think better na I mee lovely people because of running .
My adivec is : ta a lto of vgeetabels and frti , irnk pletny of waetr na ru at least 3 times ep week .
I iwl give you a review of a htirller . Th tirller is Hugne Gase . It is about some cpaital and people aer chosen to play in a game . You vae to kill people bfeore they lil oyu . It is a movie hta has suepnse , because uo wa to nkwo h they survive . In th omvei , someone loves smoeone and they protect ecah other . It is realyl tue , but in the 3 movies hteer are bad moments wtih ht famil , capitals , friends , etc .
Bu you wi lov t movei a you iwll want to see othesr , so go and se that moei .
I would like to explain abou my favorutie spor , rcicket .
Cricket is a sport thta ahs two teams of eleven players each ..
I like crickte very umhc beacues playing rcciket brings immen pelausre .
We acn enjo cricket with our friedns by paliyng crcike nad we ac als have fnu , entertainment .
Playing cricte also gives physical exerices to uor body . we c bowl , bat , feild in cricekt , hwich erquires a lot of pyhiscal atcviity .
Plyaing cricket givse rleaxation dn reduecs sterss .
I can giev advci to people who are interested in playing cricke . They msu knwo lal hte ruels of cricket before playing it .
My bedroom
My bedorom is n't veyr ib nad is untidy .
There are ow desks wiht two cmoupters , t chairs nad tw bookshelves with my brohte 's scoho books nad mien .
There rae rhee bunk bdes next to some wardrboes .
There is a big iwndow iwt ctrains .
Finally , hter a so posetrs adn some shelves with my games .
My fvaouriet sport is tennis .
This spotr is an individual soprt , so y wni alone nad do n't beat a team , but if you lpay tournaments in pairs the one who iwn is the team .
This sport is very famous all over the worl , bu in Italy it is n't evyr famous , becsue in Ita scocer is more famous htan tennis .
ubt I nkwo that a lo of oyung people play etnnsi . I ohpe tta Itlaian tennis lpayesr wll be very fmaou all ove hte owrl in a ef years ' tmi , tehn yo wo n't wait to gin up to a tennis club and oy will beocem a famous tenni plyaer !
If you start playing tnensi you go to a famous tennis cul , or yo choose th bets tennis teahcer , who iwll introudce oy to tennsi an you wi learn hte shots , including forehadn , backhand , ht ssah and t esrvcie .
So y will ebocme one of t msot fmaosu players in the world adn you will win a lo of tennis tournaments , incluidng the ofur slams : t Autsralia Opne , the US open , ht Roland Garr nad Wimbledo .
Peter olokde at his awtc and knew that he da to do something immediately .
In 2 hours , Mary 's plnae w levaing na he hda to go to the iaroprt to sto her from oging to Scotland .
He ah to tell her she aw in danger .
He went to hte graage and to on on his motorbike .
It sa a cloudy , rainy d an there aw a lot of traff .
Thuohg the orda was ew adn slppy , he rod his motoribek afs nad skilfull , maikgn ih way thorugh the other cars and trucks .
My favuorite sprot is soccer . I ilk to aly oscecr because it 's a rgea spotr .
It is erat when uo aer in a cup adn go evyr far in t tuornamnet .
It is also really fnu to be with everyone who 's in teh team .
Whne you pl in a touranmnet uo pal a lot of football and uo laso spend a olt of time wtih yoru friends .
When you go fra in a tournament , oyu have to pl a lot of gamse .
If you rae goni to bign playing football , you ene football boots . You also need rpotection for th leg .
If uo are startign this spor , you eed to think it 's ufn to play it .
If you do n't thi it is a f sport , yuo shlud not do it .
The bts htign about football is htat it 's a uf sport to pal .
Y shoudl n play hte sport just becaus your friends are doing it . Do it ebcause yuo lkie to play .
De Sir/ amdam ,
I saw your advertsiement in a newspaper .
I 'm a young am who finished hsi studies in otursim and ecogoy thi year .
I vae also been a mebmer of the association of oturis and ecolo sinc I wsa 10 years old .
I have traveled a lto adn I hev a lot of knowdege about travel .
laos , I hev done a climbing coruse dn I hev practiced clmibnig since I was 12 year old .
I love to trvale adn I knwo thta I aw born ofr it .
I have worked fo a fwe different compaeis and associatiosn in the aps .
Usuall I was a volunteer , tu I was las part of a few European Projects where I aw pia for my owkr .
As a presno , I 'm friendly adn I like to do my job .
My best leisure item activity would be hanging out wi my friend .
l ilke to go to eh baech with my freind or laone otfen .
I nejo watching epople adn clidren having fun .
l liek the cool breeze from t ocean while I 'm walking along eh shor and listening to my afvorite music .
Hi Aelx , I ca n't wait to see oy
I eralyl think that we should go to taht ne cnetre that you wrote abuot in oyur last eamil and do so of hte atcviities .
I would preef to do the sailing on the river , bceause as you kno , I never learnt hwo to rdi a kie .
But we colud laso try the climbing , b it wolud be better if we cou cilmb outside , in hte countryside .
Pehraps on Saturday inght we could watch a horror movie , as we bht voe horror , or a comedy .
But , if we are not oo tide at t tiem , we could go uo .
I wuold really li it if my praents oclud bring me to you house on Frida evneing , but I thkn th we have a ptry that giht .
Bu I will try to convince them .
See oyu soon .
Teh future of upbli transport is one of teh key isseus large cites hav to face .
Citizens nat , at the same time , efficient dn qucik emans of transporttaion , personalised loutions to meet theri trnasportation nedes , na the cehapes transportatoin cotss .
Hi Isabel .
wo a you ? I hope you 're OK .
I have somtehing to tll you .
I am living in enw York ctiy ! !
I sued to vie in Cancún ub of my ojb I had to change cieis .
htis lpac has so restaurants and sporst ra s wher I ca atl with Ltainos and feel at hmo .
amil me soon and let me nko ho oyu ar getting on netx holidays .
es y soon . Kisses .
I think that public rtanpsort is mcuh better f th enviornmnet htna private trasnpor .
If people travelled more often on public trasnpotr , we wuol n't pollute so umhc .
I think that bulic rtanspotr is the futu , because mnay cnutries will ha to abn entrance to their towns for private acrs to sotp eh C emsisinos to the atmosphere , in roder to protect hte plaent and the haelt of their citizens .
So I do not agree with this affirmatino . In my opinion , travelling by ac is mcu more expensive an harmful to ht environmen than using public transport .
tfer htta kiss , Elizabeth was very surpsied , but Jason was a lttle ib sitff .
Maybe he is sorry seh thought , but wh if she is perfect , sh is everything tha a na cuold want . So what was hpapenign .
-Ar yo ok ? - Sh says , a little bit afraid of hi fortchomin wdr .
-Oh , erm- He gets a little bi er in the face- I … erm , I am sorry ! - He screams na ih face goes ttoalyl red .
He seems different . hs nveer imgained that Jason coudl be like that . She miagiend someone brave and strong , a she never foresaw something like this . Bu hs fel something for him , mayb she is in love tih this yu .
-I'm sorry - he repeats again , but mer seriosu and iwht his nromla face - It 's bceause , wle it , was my first kiss OK ! ? I can fith iwth Bloutmus , Dragons , T - Headed snaeks and everything taht you can imagine .
Bu these thoughts of l … lo … love , ac amke me veyr nerovus- the blush moes aagin .
- Hha!- she smiles - it 's ok , do n't woryr , it sa my fisrt kiss t , and I ilekd it . She smiels aagni , but this time , the smiel eems fals .
Elizabeth seesm to be a very sweet girl , but Jason is n novinced , because when he ksised ehr , he di n't feel anyhting , he di n't fee thta the rgoun disappeared , and when his afce turend red , he just upt a face of hoorr dn surprise , like she was very sorry ofr sising him .
Amlos at t same tmie , htey sised .
-ehy , do n't r Snow .
- Btu it 's ver late Margari , OMGG ( Oh my rgee go ) , it is very late . I 'm ogn na ide .
Tye tspo in a dresmsaker 's market .
-Why are we here ? - Margairta asks .
- I 'm og na gi information to Lucersia .
- Waht kidn of information ?
- Prince Jason is heer .
- Prince Jano ?
W is he ?
- The prince of Blue icyt . He is evry hadnsome , and hsi fmaiyl ahs military studies , so he is hte second most perfect yu in the wlrd .
-ja amm scenod ?
Yes , hte first on is the " Dueu of Venomania " .
-Who is he ?
- I 'll etll y late .
When htey enteerd th dressmaek 's amkret , Lucresia aw n't htree .
But teher ewre a lot of baeutiful dreses in hihg - tec closets wiht lgiht .
-These dersses are made of textile ifber . Almost everytihn here is sytnheitc dn wearable of evernoe - explained Snow .
- ow , eevrything is beuatiful , it mak me feel like I am usspended in a rdeam or fairytale .
- Do you want to wear oen ?
-Ye but for what ?
-For the danc in t green palace .
- But are you ser ?
-Yes , just wa . In a rfaction of a second , y wlil be ready .
My favourite sport is runnnig .
I run eevyr ya .
ehn I am running , I feel relexd .
That is the reason why I olv runingn so much .
Moreover , wne I am running , I ca tihnk htroguh a ol of htnigs about myself or how to solv some of t problems of dail life .
Tehrefor , runinng can let me feel happy .
In t pas , cras were on fafordable for the upper classes , while for th middle clsa dn lower there were no man choices for them besides wlaking and public transportation .
Once technology and teh stnadard of ilving are irpoved , man people left the traditional ahbit of uisng puilc transportation and chose teh car fro sevrea reaosn .
The first o is to saev tiem .
As we know , publ transporttaion is n a direct way to ge to a our destinations and it forces us to stop at mna stops ifrs . Moreover we haev to take another noe to recah our destinatio , so it is already bovoius hw uisng a car is bteter .
Secondly , publci transoprttaion is suaully rey crowded and mkaes us not feel asfe , iscne ther is an opportunity for us to be robbed .
Then , by cra , we can enojy the secnery , sahr a uagh , chagne uor destination all of a sudden and mnay mroe .
For these reasons , it ca not be duobted that peopel think a cra is more comfortable to use rather than public transportation .
isnec cars er affodrabel nowaday , a family ca have more thna oen . htta mkaes t number of car grow rapidly , ubt they do no think about the negative side effects that a ca has .
Firstly , it ledas to olbal wamrnig , since the concentration of plolution is higher in ma countries , and acutalyl it is to on leadign to but als making global warming faster and can also threatne our health .
Th roads ra more crowded righ nwo adn there is so umc traffci , so pepole waset more time on ht raod , tehn it amke one of the opsitiev points of using a cra disappear adn the importance of pbulci transportaiton is neeedd .
While in ht statemnet it assy that public transportation wil be abandoned by man people , in my opinion , the poposite is rtue - that public transportation is our future .
It can be proved now that th willingness of eppole to use upblic transportation is ihgehr . Besides , it is not as costly as usni a ra , a ht uqality of publci transportation ahs ipmroved , so citizens haev no worries aobtu using it .
Wolu yuo ilke me to help y ?
Theer aer n't any animals on the fmr .
That is ahrldy usrpirsing , it ah been clsoed isnce 20 .
Yo 'll vae to atke teh bul by t horsn adn g some wrok done !
In hte futrue , epople iwll go out of th Erat . Because of th daamge , peoel on t ground ca n't survive .
hwen they want to ifnd food , htere will be nothni .
Eevn hte grass ca n't liev on earth .
Thought , bu most pelpe will not be members of the team who are lavie .
Cause there w olst of damage , ub they did n't take responsibility .
I wonder for sixteen yeras .
Adn . An I do n't kno if htey will hcaneg theri minds in ht enx fifty years .
Firstly , I gaere about learning different concepts , because oyu na analyse differnet opinions .
It 's no nceessayr to as the same worsd .
tu y need to understand hte main idea .
In hter word , osem professors , when teaching idfferen topics , expalin th concepts dn it 's difficult to learn .
Someitmes it 's so dfificult to sa th same wrods for the students . I recmomned reading differtn ideas .
Anyway , if you erad different books , you can understand bettre .
In conclusion , it 's mer important to elran the ocncept htna to ya something stupid ....
So , if y need techniques for learning , you need to analyse and create your ow words , this way you will nvee froget this difnition .
All about me
Hi , my name is Leo Johnson . I am 13 yeras a I live in Stokcsund Sweden .
I wa born at Danderyds hospital , in 2003 on the 5t of September .
I have en sistre who is ten yras old adn o rbother hwo is five years old .
I spedn most of my spare tem playing ice hoceky nad golf .
One of th bse places I ha eevr visited is Leksand , in Dalarna .
( It is my country place . ) I like it bceause it is near hte watre and we have a big lanw where we lpa football , volleyball and ha fun .
Three words th describe me are : sporty , firendly and ahpp .
One of my favouirte oboks is Diary of a Wipmy Kid .
I lkie amlsot all music , bu rgiht no I listen to Cvlin Hrris omts of the tiem .
My fvaourite sbujects at school are mathematic , geography , adn , of uorse , Engli .
The locatio of the restaurant is fantastic , right in the cener of eh city , and with plenty of space for parking .
The dec is not too modern , ub nto too classci . It sa a cmoofrtable atmopshere .
The menu is very wle constructe , an ht food is based on olcla products .
T pirces are more than ogo if you consire the high quality of the dishes .
Dear Mr Soetlo ,
I am writing tsi letter because we need to improv the faicilties in the gym .
In the gym there rae man people .
On ht yas that we have to do sports , if the weath is good , we do it uotside , but if the ewahter is ab , we ahve to do hte in the g .
On thso da , three er a l of people an clsasse at ht same tmie adn sometimes we ca n't have the calss comfortabyl .
Apart from this porble , we have another problem that is important too .
Tsi problem is thta moe apparatus a borkne and the paint is da .
For me , the solutions to htsee problems are easy .
With ht first porble , you sohlud organise the timetabl in order to have one lcas at a time .
And the osltuion to teh second prolbme is htat you sohuld do maintenance noc a yaer .
I olo forward to uor poistiv answer .
Yosr sinecrel , Maximiliano Khachaturyan .
Dear Mrs Gate
I 'm so glad to haer from you and I aslo would like you to know that your diae f our n school proje is really interestign .
I am excited baout the idea of being with na interviewing other students frmo different parts of the owrld .
June 21st is impossible ro me because I hva an appointment iwth Mr Set , my dentist . na we es the meeting for the nxet week ?
Ho to hear from you oson
Anna
In the sat year slase at Benton Electronics in the first uqatrer of the yaer ree 00 and they increased to 6 in the second quarter . In the third quratre , sales stayde at 620 adn in the als quarter of th year aslse went down ve quickly to 420 . As you ca ee , sales wree ve unstable .
I ju wan to express wh I thni is painful , and I think comin abck to your own ohem aft mnay yeasr of bein waa and esein your clesst person has departed is th mo apinufl feeling ever .
Goo evening , my nam is Ldyia , I am a newcomre to AmS .
I am a lcoa from Taiep .
It 's my pleasure to ojni uo here . My major is actually to reelvatn to Social Sciences . I reall watn to learn omr about t research mtehdoology of socila sciecnes .
I think it will be helpful to me taking ihs elsson at t beigninng of the esemster . I beleive I can learn a lot from t professor dn oy gyus .
Thkn you !
My Life at University
Life at nuiversity ivnolve a lto of difficlut and interesting things .
Of course , evreyhting alawsy have two sides .
Now that I live at university , my ilf ha cahgned a lot .
Fristyl , studying is very dfficult becsue you have to accept new ways of studying - studiyng by yoruself .
In aidtion , my major is negilsh , so teacher teach and explain in English , and I could n't ekep up wit lessons ewll at firs .
I wsa evr unsure of myself dn I could n't make friensd well , so I think that it was oto difficult to aks tecahers or friends .
I always try to find tu reasons , wihch takes a to of time .
Moreover , I need to improve my skills , such as eraidng , ilstening , wrtiin , and speaikng . They ehpl me to keep up with my etacher ' s lessosn .
Secondly , studying at uinversity , I ha to live a nog way from hoem , which makes me hemsick , sad , and worried . I vae to ilve in a dormtiory iwht man strange people . They 're vre noisy and I ahve to sahre my ro wiht my roommates .
It 's not conveninet .
Evedyay , I have to celan our oom , wash clotehs . I have to spend a lot of item fniishign everything before I tsar studying .
When I firs lvied here , I sue to ca my famiyl and copmlian about ilf hre .
Hwoever , unievrsiyt life hsa many conveniecnes .
Livng alone , I ahev to manage money well .
Bferoe I want to ya ro somtehin , I aawys think carefull about wehthe it 's really necssary or n .
Sometimes , I nearly na tu of mnoe adn I was erally worried , so I ahve to psedn meny senisbyl .
ilving alnoe , I hev to save monye , ebacuse there are many situations which I have to deal wht withuot family , and oyu can beocm a good person wht amny good hcaracteristic , usch as confidnece , independence , firnedliness .
Becau my family awlay did everything for me hwen I liv with them , it 's very dfificult to be independent .
But toady , I haev to do it , I haev to solv my rpoblem , manage money , awhs colthes by msyelf .
In addtiion , I can be confident because teacres reuqire everyobdy in class to stnad in front of the clsas dn speak Englihs .
Living alone , oyu hav to mek frineds when oy 're sad .
Learnig new lessons fr society .
Jogging : the sport in nature
My afvourite psotr is jogging .
Whil I am goging , I can thikn abou al the daily thinsg in my life .
When I am in a bad omo , I go jogging oustied an hear the brids singnig .
ofr me , joggnig is very stressles .
On one ya I might go alo , so I can clam do or thnik things thruogh .
On antoher ad , I go jogging iwth my best friend , so we talk a lot and vae fun while we do soprt .
Jogging is a sport yuo na start nay day .
You do n't need a lot of equimpent , so yo do n't have to b a olt .
I think fro people who ar aft , tye can go jogging , but a little bit slwoer .
You ahv to consider this a go jogigng tomorrow .
It is never too late to strat .
Hvae uf !
It is a oht smuemr 's ady nad Agat hsa jsut wsitcehd o hte comput in h office to go back ohem .
Suddenly , gaatha see , through ht wnidows , a 30-yera - old mna . He 's tall and is ewarin 91t century clothes . He is Jhon , a known vamprie who lives in tah district .
He had ocme to Agath 's investigation offci to ks her to look inot soem murdesr ah htat happened recently .
Fuo vampires h bee mudrere .
Agatha nkow htat John is a dangerous amn , so s decides to refsue hte case .
Unhappy , John instss nutil Agatha accepts .
fatre the agreement , Agatha oges bac home dn immediately calls her rfiend Micha to tell him to cem to re huose .
hwe he arrivse s tells hi about the occuernce .
Mihcael , hw is a policmean , deiceds to ehlp her .
wto weeks later , gaatah meets Jo in eh old palace 's cellar .
Accompanied by Michael , hs goes to him and gives h al the docuemnst s h found .
Unfortunately , Agatha ca n't find sfuficient clues to identify t guitly party .
Irirtated , hon undesrtands agtha 's difficulteis adn , bferoe giong awy , he calls Agatha withotu imchael to tell her naothe importan thin .
Wihel Michael goes uot , a red light appears in John 's eyes .
Mcihale clsoed the door dn knew at hte moment he h made a mistake .
We h da lunhc , so we stratde a little walk .
Then we saw an eagle lfying in teh syk .
We had never sene such a beautiful aegle as tha .
Chraile thought tta if he was atller he mhgt be bal to take a pictur .
Therefore , he climbed a tree .
Suddenly , when he was trygn to focus on ht egael with the acmera , he fll .
Tehre er several reasons w tehre is no future fro publ transport .
O reason is thta travellign by car is more comforatbl .
If oyu share oyu own ca with hter peopl , y iwl saev money .
Another raeson is that yuo can listen to hte muisc that you like in yru car .
For all these aesons , I think that travellign by cra is betetr .
My name is Moinka and I 'm 21 yaer old .
I 'm from oplan na live in Pozn .
I hev a olt of itnerest , ubt my favourite is volleyball .
Volleyball is a discipiln whci I have bee practising for 6 yeasr .
An important place in my country is eh Museum of rpad becsue it is full of ma world famous paintnisg .
It 's vyr lraeg nad has special lights in the Greek perfoemrs ' room aminly .
Th museum houses the historical collection of the Sapnsih roayl fmail from amny centuries ga to the preesnt tmie .
Tehre y na se osem of t geratest teachers apinters .
The ca is veyr easy .
I have a car an I can go to a lto of plac , because it is fast .
eh public rtasnport is slow and ha go a lot of poeple .
I prefer walknig , because the bus , heliocpter , and metro are very polluting .
The pollution is th fisrt problem with upbilc trnasport
A long time ago , in a mslal vlilaeg in Sapni , the story I 'm going to etll oyu happneed .
A man clled Mihcael agv us a new macnie to wash our clothes .
He tried to wsitc it on again an again , but hte amcihne di n't work .
Suddenly , a ma in black tol us that we sholud plug the machine into the leectricity .
Mhcael 's face wa awfully erd .
He wsa very embarrassed .
Michael clsoed eh doo and kne at tha moemn he had mdae a mistake .
Good morning everyone and welcem to your afvortie prgoram " You can also do so " . Today we 're ogign to learn how to make a acke of children 's birthdays , na Sofia will tell us what ingredients we are giong to need to be able to make the cake .
hlel John good dyas dn wh we nee to mak this delicious cake is : egg , floru , yeast , sugar , and eh flavoring for eh cake that we wan , such as chocolate , vanilla , rfuit .
While I aws rnigin th ble , the neighbour 's do sttred to ba .
It looke faraid and nervou .
It was like it was iating fo a terrifying eve .
I stood in front of hte odor for oftry miuntes nad I rang again and again .
Nobody opnee .
I had calle Michale that morning adn I todl him that I wolud go to his ohuse taht eneing .
I would epxect tah he was awiitng for me .
I looked through the windows an I could see a suspicious shadow .
I thought he might be imchael and I started to shout his name .
hwen Michael saw me , he oepned the do , tu straightaway closed the door na at that momnet knew he had make a mistake .
De Sir / Madm ,
I am writing to uo to apply for the psoition at a usmemr acm as davretised in the neswpaper .
I am an arhcitec . I ahev 5 eyar of professional experience .
I am aslo part of a chari organisation in my lacl town , we
htere rae amyn psorst and my favourit sport is badimnton . I ilkde it hwen I wa young .
I remebme taht th ifrst present my omthre gev me was a baimnton rkcet .
I wa really surprisde .
Bceasue I di n't know how to u it .
From taht dya , my older borthe taught me to play it .
I tfen play it of baou 2 horu in the afternoon .
Adn now , if no day I do n't have na practice , I feel obred .
I see tha it 's good for my health .
It helps me be stornge an more active .
As you kwo , diong sports vies us many ebnefist . uo can oji a ulb a have more friends .
Moreover , if you hva go ability , you can compet in a competioin to t oyru best . I am a membe of a Bamdinto club in teh ict . If you 're interested in bdamitnon , come and enjoy yourself .
Dear Anne ,
Thakns f yuor letter asking about what eh young peopel are interested in .
Saying that , the music that they like is p music and reggaeton as htye c dnaec together .
Also , the television programmes tha they wtahc are reality shows .
These progrmames are fashoinable .
In additio , regarding cloehs , young people wear a erss , sikrt or jesn .
Everyone ewars hwat he wants .
See yo soon ,
aftim
My inhgtmare journey ook place in August 2011 .
My afmiyl and I wer returning from a holiday that we spnet at th seasied .
We weer going to Gdańsk to see t new stadium tah was buil ofr eh UEFA Euroepan hcampionshpi .
We s t stadui , returnde to t car adn watned to drive to Bydogzscz .
Bydgoszc is my hometwon and t desitnatio of this jounrey .
Sadly uor car broke down ... at a ibg dn bus intersectoin !
This aw n't some big , we still had four wheels and a omtro , b the electorncis in teh cra stopp workin .
hti w very scary !
We did n't have a speedometer , blinkers adn lights ; it aw a ve danegorus stiutaion .
We stopped on t ised of the road nad looked for a solution .
My fateh rang friends but unofrtuntaely no no could help us .
We ha to tka a sik an went to the nearest amrke .
In t ra apr in frotn of thi building a vre nice an carzy old man hleped us adn charged t accumultaor in our car .
This worked adn we could retur to driving .
We ree vyr scare because t ra could erak down again at any moment .
For this reason , we id n't sue a motorway .
Fortunately , we returned hom helathy a papy tu very vre tired .
To pursue a career which is relevant to teh field of Mechanics and xepect myself to contribute my experiences and konwledg with enthusiasm adn I would loev to ha challengse and aern for the esns of accomplsihmen .
Shpoping facilities in omra de aclatarva .
This report show th sorts of shosp which aer located in Moral de Calartava .
1 . Spoping chepaly .
It is thoug that Chnisee shsp are the hceapets by fa .
We ra offered a lot of bargains in this knid of shop .
B amyb , hte mts imporatnt thin is th variet of products hwic ca be fonu there : rfom cleainng products to furntiuer .
2 . Fashion in msall towns .
Traditional coltehs : that kind of clothing can be expneisve , tu if you wtn to live like in the pas , you can p on those clothes and yuo iwll have great fun although those clohtse went out of sytel many years ago .
Something more fashionable : tree a alos a fe clothes shop where you can find a lot of by fasihonable Italian and Sapnis designer .
If y need something fro a spceila enet lek a wedding , you acn go to three sho which ar specialised in htta .
3 . Faremr 's markets .
Eevry Saturda monrin , this village organizes a market wehr people can buy some natural vegeatbles or fruit whic have been grown by loacl faremrs .
That is the reaso hwy their pric is so low .
Sem ipeces of avdiec :
-Eevn though yo can find a lot of bragains , do n't psend t mcuh if oy do n't nde to .
-Be carfeul .
If you look lek a foergin person , loc people could try to pi you off .
-If y b some clohtes , assure yourself thta they fti you and y like them euogh to conservate .
My otnw trise all the time to mkae our tow more beuatiful and comfortable by tkanig moer care of teh environment . They provide us with godo busse , wihc are feinds to hte nevironment , and offer the itcket for these buse at a cheap pric . Tehy also try to fin the best way to make the rubbish mo useful by recycling . Also , poepel tr all ht tiem to fin the best ya to kee ru village clean ; tehy nevr throw hte urbbish in the streets or the agrden . The aslo take cra of the fuel in thri cra to not be bad ro the environment . So , it 's uo duty to kae care of our village adn the whlo environment alongside ht ogvernment .
There ar many acdiental problem encnutered by internatioanl students studying in Australia .
It is believed htta the mos important one is teh culture barreir .
Because of difefrent cultural backrguonds , t speaking styles of intrenatoinal students who come frmo different countries er different .
Meanwhile , different countries have difefren rules .
ro exmapel , people always walk on eh right of the road in China . However , Austrailan rule specify tah citizens drive on the letf of eh roda .
Secondly , loneliness can be a big problem when a person lease thei own conutry , going away frmo afmily mmebesr a close friend .
Thirdly , students may ont be accutsomed to wsetern eitng haibt , like burgers , pizza na braed . ebcause of hte unfamiliar environemnt , students may lca a sense of securit .
Tehre will eavlutae ivabl solutions to the problem .
Th mots importatn way is aht individuals sohuld praticipate in student atciviteis whci are held by students of the sam nationality , so th hte may not efle loley . At the same tiem , teh ca also activley communicate with loac tsudents to acquire mer information about Austrlaian culutr , in odre to fit in quicyl .
I would lik to work in a summer camp because I loev teh .
It wolud be fantastic to spend hti usmmer in hte USA .
I 'm studying tecahin at colleg because I want to be a tehcer .
When I finihs my studies I wlil spned nog hours with children .
My best skills ra daeling tih eppole as well as being ael to do wt things at the sem time .
I take care of tehm and it makes me feel like a useful perso .
I ha been htinking auot some idaes to hepl you to organize some oprts or evening activities .
For instance , we coudl go swimming at th beach .
In ht eevnings we could tle them horror histories . Also , we cuol lpa with gseture .
In addition , we could play oudtoor games and the could do landscpae paintnig .
About working in eh kitchen . It is n't a proble for me bceaus I lo cooking .
I am willign to cook a lot of different measl fro them .
I used to rok in a resaturnat in Salou and it wsa quite satisyfing .
I enjyo cooking , so I alwasy maek different kind of fo .
I thi aht I 'm a suibale pesron to loo atfer them because I am uqite respnosbile .
I 'm an eenrgetic a resopnsilbe eprson .
If you ahv more questiosn aobut me , I 'd be lgad to answe htem .
I 'm a rad - working person , so tha 's why I never ha time to rleax .
As childre lev playing , I think that I am a ustiable preso to do hti because I am ilke a litlte igr .
If yo give me a cahnc I wi be evry pleased .
To whom it may concern ,
My name is Margraita raela and I 'm niterested in hte Summer camp Assistant 's postiino .
I am in my lsa year of a Visual rats maojr .
I have a sepcila interest in arts na crfats .
I am a responsible perso who can cep in a crisis .
I otko a Firts Ai course als year in orre to know what to do in case of unexpceted accidents .
Asl , I ahve go social skills dn can speak two alnguages ; English adn Spanish .
My vaailalbe time is on Monadys , Wednedsay and Fridays .
hten , I aws wondreign if food , accommodation and expneess are covered by yo , or do you give any kni of ehlp to your empolyese ? I owuld appreciate it a lto if you sent me this information .
I ook froward to hearing for y .
Kind regards ,
Magrraita Vrael
The game of gentlemen is my fvauorite game . Yse , I ema rcicket .
In my ocuntry , we follow cricket like a religion .
rcicekt is played by 11 lpayers , wihhc includes a captain , a wciket keepr and hte rest are batsmen and bowlers .
A lpaye who acn bat na bwo is called an all - roudner .
Tih agme is playde in three ofrmat i.e. Test Cricket ( 5 day game ) , One dya Cricket , na Twent - Twetny .
Te ircket is an old format an I lov this format as it really tests the players ' skills dn only the bes playe ac ahcieve scuecss in thsi fomra .
But as tihs taeks 5 day , mayn people do n't have time to wahc this game and its losing its populariyt with hte younger generation .
One dya cricekt is played otfne .
My favourit psotr is ftoball . I htin this gmae is hte omst enjoyable .
Its popularity h spre al over hte wrold t .
hter are many reasosn beihnd it beni popula .
Everyone is able to nejoy the excitement trhoughotu this game .
People who are eagre to pya ofotball must fllow smoe bas rules which are descrebd below :
1 . A footabll player should be punctual and hard - worknig .
2 . He hsoul be disciplined .
3 . Druin ih playgn tiem , he must give hsi fu cnocentration .
Hi , I 'm Sangjin .
Do oy have any different eating customs ?
If uo have na special eating cusmos , will oy tell me ?
It 's my project .
So . I need more infroamtion abo eaitng customs in diffeernt countries .
In Korea , we usually u chopsticks hwen we eat maels an spoon as wel .
Have oyu ever uesd chopsticks ?
It may be difficult ro you .
Whne I aw yougn , I could n't u them .
So , I have to learn to sue chposticsk to eat .
Also ,
we have meal mnners .
When we have a me , we ca n't eat beofre ru apernts nad older peoel start to ae .
We think it 's imoprtant to respect me manners .
ewll .
Have you ever heard of stamina foo ?
hwen oyu feel really weka .
Then ?
We eat special stamina food .
We ahv mayn tsamnia foods . I think d meat is a bteter stamina ofo than another emat .
This is because , when I was you , my paernst ef it to me evre summer esaosn .
nad htey asi it 's erally good for your ehalth .
So , I have eat it veery summer for 12 yeras .
I have to prenet this rpjoect netx omdnay .
So , tell me as soon as possibel aobtu your country 's sepcia eating ucstom and mnaner , and tsamina fo as ewll .
Hi ,
I thnik that ofr peopl hwo awtn to learn Enilsh rwite na Improve is great !
I like it ver much . It is ver sueflu fro me .
I tired it last wekened and I iwll sue it eveyr ya ! if I us it every day , I owuld improve in a short item !
Than yo ro tah aivce .
hciara
There is no doubt that man 's lives have eovvled .
lal thanks to en technologies , innavtion in t ifel of mediicn nad new cseintific discoveries .
To my min , our lives hav been improved in htes yaers by smartpohnes , satnav , digila TV , th Internet ..
Let 's imagine a tnety - first century teenaegr in hte Mdidl Ages . do n't get out alev without Wi - fii !
Fisrt of al , in the netx 50 yaers epolpe 's lives wo n't rseebmle at all thi .
As far as I 'm concerned , we wil be submerged by too many ools which iwll replace manwoer and craft . In addition , globalization will destroy the cultura tradition of each cotnry .
On the one hadn , I 'm for porgress . On the ohter nad , I hoep that the nwe will not destroy the old .
Often , veoultion is a return to origins , but I hope htta man in the comnig yeasr will not forget the past .
Apart for aht , I amgine the world wi evreyhting automatic , planse that tak me rfom N oykr to Dubai in three hou an robots instead of waite in a restauran .
To conclude , I ca n't thikn what wodnefrul thnigs man wlil do , but I hope hte mak the wrodl vene betre !
Dear Si / amda ,
I am wrtiin to apply for ht bo of camp organizer .
I have read the advertisement and I rpomise yo tha I am perefct for this post .
I 'm a veteran camp
and I konw wo to take ca of a cpm . I 'm ufnn and cheerf , but I 'm also professiona , so I know how to take care of children .
I am an exepirenced oco , so I can alos co for eh children . I am also a good signre , so we na nig songs together with the children .
So tell me wta oyu think and let me nko .
I 'm looking forward to hearing fmo you .
Your frie ,
Peet Hansen
I ca not agre with the statement htta theer is " no future for public transpor " given that the premis is " travelling by car is more convenient " .
First of a , uplbic transpor is rather mer convenient ahn a pirvate car .
T suawy reache most parts of London , and people c trevl to amyn places .
The accessibility is nto jsut impvoing nuderrgound , but also on the groudn and bridging .
Thereofre , public transport will haev a brilliant future .
The enivornment is becoimn a more nad mer burning iss , , especially from many yeras to nowadays .
Tta 's because pollution ha now reached critiacl levels adn htat 's hwy we must te it nuedr contro nad sovle it .
We already nkow that a graet part of the polultion cmose from the exhaust fumes of the tranpsrot th nivades cities worldwide .
However , we can already fight thsi - waiting for the deveolpemnt of advanced tehcnology whcih cna better xeploit renwable , usstainable eenrgy . ro exapml , tkaing advnatage of public rtansoprt .
The set eda is still , ovbiousl , valorizing the su of bicycels .
Aaprt from hta , even gretae is the pollution of the aes nad rivers .
Polluting ehm is lik endangeirng the lief of ht whole world .
This is cause by teh waste rfom factoires , bu aslo by eh admag th tankres do not lny to the sea , tu to the mianland oto .
In addition , wh about domsetic wats , wihhc is our reality ? We sohul all learn to manage ru awst , because each of us , in uo ow msal aw , is a grea thaet to the environment .
In occnlusion , I think it is never too late to save our wonreful world .
W no do it on ?
Heol Joe
It 's gdo to hear form you !
Well , in my hometown tehre rae aobu a title mroe than hafl a mllion people .
The nicest places to go a the mal , because of the very to weathre .
ub if you leaev the city and tarevl abotu 30 km , the are a olt of rivers adn wtaerfalls .
My ebs regrad !
Thais
When y have hte ksill to rea a obo and , in that moment , yo rae searhcing for a good job , you ac find a lot of jobs bacuse you can develpo aesliy wh you mopare yoursefl wtih antohe person who has been searching fo a job too
My favourite retsauarnt is in omdugon .
It 's located in a queit sterte , so the rsetauratn is ofet evry relixng , epseically between 8 and 9 pm .
hte furniutre conssit of a ste of chai , tables and some sofa , covered with re cloths .
The resaturant loosk very eelgant dn traditional .
Usually , there is no music in the resaturant .
The oenr pfeers to leave olny the TV on , but fotne hte dniing room is silent .
In this way , customer c have the hcance to haev a convesration , without being annoyed by television or music .
I ifn it appreciabel : I realyl olve to atlk to the people I 'm eating with .
Despiet thi , the restaurant is decorated with a full s of umsicla instruemnts , hgn up on the walls .
I relaly like it , beacues I love msuic and I enjoy triygn to guses whhc itsrument I 'm looking at .
You cna eat dfiferent types of piaz , starters and pasta there .
Evreything is delicious and vre tasty , especially ht pzizas : thye rdess htme in many different ways . I yr a different emal evrey tiem I go there .
Finalyl , it is not epxensvie at lal .
Sh finally felt that she was wantde , hta seh could do anything she awnte , and taht no one is more lcever tha natoher , htey 're al ht same .
The thoughts which people ptu in her imn were completely orng . She ca n't deny thta those htouhgts affecetd he badly , brought her to th poi that they mdae eh ahet hersle .
The words th sdi to hre wer dedaly onse , they colored re life balck . till it 's teh only time to prove to them that eh can do anythgn , she 's good at eveyrthing like them lal , thta she just d n't awnt to do it like htem all as hse just htaed the wa
That 's it , not becaus of bein non - cleevr .
ebing unsuccessful at studying is a horribl thing , it afftcs pepole bdaly .
Tta aws me . I never lik stduyin , I never found myself in htose subjects , ub it aw n't a ib deal to me . I hated benig seen as unsuccessful or a loes , as I was n't that . I nkwe th I w celvre enough to study all thes subjects dn do lel in eaxms so I can egt gih marks , but tye a idd n't get thta . The jduged me for my marks , ubt marks do n't form rbains or thoughts , marks are n't th oyl wa taht makes yuo great now or in teh uftur .
Whtaever . In hig school , the senoi year here in our ocuntyr identifies your futre ; the college you 'll psedn your lief studying in and workign for its knowledge , so I got htat I should do my ebs hti eyra so my future wuol be ebttre . A it happened . I showed teh all that I can do whatever I want , veen if the things I was n't like th see me , a that a my previous amrk were n't my best . I gto a hgih scro dn neetred ht faculty of Enigneering , whic was teh t college .
People 's thuoghts hav ht power to make you efle the best feeilng eve nad litearlly th oppostie . Just do n't think baout anyone 's htoughts ubt yours , as you ahve ocntrol of yuor life to aynoen else .
Yoru thoughts are hte only noes tha iwll maek the difference , so take care on of them a believe in oyurslef so y can achieve t perstig you 're looking for .
Do n't giev anyoen teh opportunity to amke you give up , and continue in a succsefsul ilef . Fight .
Hlel camps !
I am Montaña Tomaso and I am twenty - four aers o .
I read thi announcement today .
I am interested in eh work .
I am studying primary education because I love chilrden .
I would kie to play wit the chlidren , to do sopr an dance iwth them .
I coudl ehlp in the kitchen , to .
I lo cooking .
My bets disehs a chicken and omeltes .
I hep that we can owkr togetehr .
I promise th if I go to hte camps , we wil hva a good itme nad we will lahg a ol .
Hi ulk , I tried the program claeld Write and Improve for a week an I liked it .
lathough I do n't have a teacher availabl ther , the program helps a lo becasue the crrections papea at the same time as you chekc it .
I nitedn to write every day to practise my writing .
I beleive thta it 's a goo thing to hsare with evreyone .
You sohuld shou it from eh rooftops !
On uo earth , hunderds of millions of peolpe ilev .
Aprat rfmo us . theer is al a lagre amonut of willdief .
All of us need ia , waet na food .
Humans laos want houses , adn transport facilties .
A great number of biuldings stand on th alnd ,
even tohugh the plcae probabyl shoul belong to anmiasl .
We biul roads for us and maek ilef eays dn btete .
ohwever , we forget the one important thing : the eraht eblong to all lif .
Our fltas a houses make the other anmial olse theri home , an it leads to environmental deterioratino .
We make the transoprt easy . Howevre , we take away othe animal s ' liev htrough carlesesness .
THE PERSON I ADMIRE IS MY BOrTHER . HE IS THE ODlRe THA MY OTHE BROTHERS . HE WAS RoN IN 9107 . MY PRaENSt TELL ME HE WAS A OgDo BOY WHEN HE WAS A HcLiD .
HtE REAOsN WH I ADMIRE Ih IS BECAUSE HE WAS DTeReMINED WHEN HE OwN A SHcOLARSHI TO TsUDY MEDICINE IN RSuSIA . HE LIVED THE FOR 7 YEARS .
HE HDa TO LAeRN NaOTHER LANGUAGE ADn LIVE IN A OcNuTRY EvYr DIFFERENT TO OURS .
MY PARENT AN I FEEL RpUoD OF HMi .
NOW , HE IS TH BEST MEDICAL INTERNAL . HE AhS A BEAUTIFUL FAMIYl .
I live in Taiwan , Taichung .
oh does the are take care of teh environmetn ?
It builds a lto of facilities for residents .
For exampel , lots of bciylces .
Th are provided for poepl who want to go to a plac taht is not t far aawy .
And it arisse aonthre questoin : morality .
Poeple probabyl destory tohes bieks , and cau bikes to ebcmoe le adn less .
But , fotrunately , people lviing in this area all use htese bikes acrefully , so we do n't care so mcuh about htat .
The escon facility is upbilc buses .
Large numebr of bsuse all aruond t city .
When students fiinhs tehir classes , thye atk the bus home .
Workers , weh thye a off duyt , tak eh su home , oo .
A wne hte weekedn is moing .
Family na taek the bus fmo lpaec to palce , instead of drinig .
It amkes a afhter or mother 's ilef more convenient !
Third , lto of green aeras .
Tacihung h pelnty of teres in ht park .
So when cihldre are lpyaing around htese eres , th can feel more healthy with clean iar .
A let 's talk about eh bigger area , Tawian .
Taiwan ahs a ocpmlete traffic system .
Train , ub , Mas Rapid Transi , dn earoplane .
Pepole living in Taiwan , no mattre whteher oyu er olacl peopl or not , ac use ll of thsee afciilties .
And lots of city adimnistratiosn adovcate proceting naimal .
Good afternoon USA SMuMRe CAMPS committee
I am Julia Timmerman from the Netherlands and I rae your advertisemnet about working in sumemr cmaps in t USA .
I would really enjoy donig this job in teh summer , because I love to look fatre chilrden , etcah them things and do sport with hte .
Since I wa 13 , I 've bee teaching children from 8 - 9 years old ho to play hockye an I am stil donig and enjoiyng this .
I asl would like to do this because I ha always awnted to visit the United Statse dn I olv sport .
I can work really hard if it 's needed an am very neregetic , so I think and hope I am a suitable person ofr the job dn I uold really enjoy the jo adn lookin aftre children .
Kni regards ,
Julia Timmerman , The Netherladns
It wa directed by Ricahr Curtis .
Thsi movie is calde " About Ti " .
ht main character is Tim .
Whe he was 21 yeras dl , his father tol him osmtehing about hsi fmaliy 's secret .
It 's quite a srtang sounds , because hsi fahte , grandfather , nad grea - grandfather had travelled in item .
He cuold n't beileve tah .
But it 's so miple .
Go to a adr palce , and then ckeuck the fist .
tfer teh actno , he can go to a ti in the past .
After he knew the truth , he moved to olndon for his ojb .
He tried to go o with her .
So he used to si ability to time traevl f hsi family .
Finally , he married Marry .
Atfre htey mrareid , he and si fmaily afcde a difficult istuatio .
He wnat to xi the problem , tu his fatehr assy to him ,
" If yuo have a grea time with your family and co - wrokers , it is not necessary to time travel .
ujst enjoy your life day by ad , and be thankful of an ordinra d . "
He erailzed aht that means .
I watched this movie seevral itme after I arrived in eh UK .
It 's ogo for sutdyign Enlgish as well as f the plot .
If oy like a goo drama , uo will love it .
I 'm sru you wolu lkie this mvoi .
I am rwiting to tell uo about the Spanish military academy .
Thsi schoo is locatde in Marin , ihch is in northern Spain nra Pontevedra .
hte scholo is th Spainsh isnttiution in chareg of trainni the Spanihs anv ofifcer class .
dn it was establhsed in 1943 . Moreove , there rae not oln th royal nayv but also hte royal marin cor .
Students ahev to tsuyd two parts , wcih ra the engineerign rat na the miliatry part .
In the engineering pra , there are a lto of laboratories , whcih help us to easily understdn about usbejcts such as Physics , Chemitsry or eevn Ecoonimcs .
In the military patr , htere are many obstacse and aepons ofr the amrien ocrps .
dn there is a ol of equipmtn for the nvay cadst .
of xeapmle , the planetarium in a navigation orom for learning aobut the position of stars , four amll botas use to pracitce leaderhsip and navigation in the Pontevedra rvire , or vee the simulation f erating situations ihch seldom arise .
To su up , the Spansih milityr academy has a to of equipment for tecahign ufture officers .
On the toehr hand , five yaer in shcool aer not spuerficial because onw ther are not only the mliitary subjects ubt also hte engineering subjects .
ub , I am really prou of my school .
It gvie me a lto of knwoledge whcih I need to use in my future career .
A lot of epolpe sue public transoprt every day in th wolr , ubt moe epople prefer to use tehi ow car to go to wo , school , or whatever .
Some peolp have hteri own car , but prefer to su public transport .
Today , on ht roads tehre are a lot of cars , ubses , motorcyclse , and ohtre kinds of transportation .
All people shoul use thier own ras to go somewhere only hwen it 's necessary , ebcuase each ac on teh road is bad f uor environment .
All people should use pbuli tnasport to reduce the numebr of cars on the orda
I know a goo setaurant . st anme is " Moonlight " . It is located in Abbas elakda St.
It is alrge , clean na cmoforatble and sa air cnodtiioning and internet wifi .
It offers amyn kinsd of deliicous foods , lkie meta , chicken , seafood , adn if you watn something different , you wil find it tehre . It is suitabl for my class beacuse it is different from an othre restaurant .
In my city there is an old tonw which sa dlcared in 896 Wlrd 's omts Beautiful City .
One of the mots fmaosu bulidnigs is ht Churruca Earl Palce , which has a medieval tower wit battleemtns ( hte res of ht tower in the icyt do not vae htem because teh umslim took tehm ou ) .
It is als important becasue , durnig the icivl War , Genela Frnaco lived theer fo a week .
There is an office wiht so amn htnigs that he had ther .
If you want , you can viist it .
Nwoadays , t Paalec ah a very good restauran iwht a comfortable ptaoi where you cna taste the sot exculsiev prudcts from Extremadura .
The present chapter aim to introduce audioivusal trasnlation ( Va ) - one of eh most popular type of transaltion nowadays .
Audiovisual translation rbnigs a lto of dilemmas adn constraints ove which trnaslators umts agonise .
Btu there rae a variety of techniques which help to tcakel htese kin of problems .
So , I will elaborate on this subejtc .
eh hcapetr iwl also cover the defintiion of the noitno of pu as a stylistic feature and how puns a transferred fr one laugage into another .
As an extension of this , I will evaluate whether t effect of eh p in t oirginla versino is iantained in the udbbed vsrion .
I liev in Serdobsk .
The people in my tonw tka acer of eh enviromnen .
The garbage acn ar around ea home .
Garbaeg rtcuks pi them up twice a week .
There a many small garbage cnas aronu cafes , storse , dn ohtre public palce .
Every morning , a special trukc clean t rodas and pavemenst .
Teh advanec of technology in recetn yaers has been awseome .
The fris compuet sa create in 1946 by John W. Mauchl dn J. Preepr Eckert in the Untied States .
In 9160 , computers ree evry basic .
They weer ibgger and hvaier than today nad they ewer evr expensive .
Teh keyboard hda a lo of buttnos and the screen di n't have any colours .
Cmopuetrs did n't have na porgrams and as a rseutl were limited , boring dn tedious .
Thsee dasy , ocmpuetrs ar multifuncitona .
Fro emaple , they hav niternet access .
WiFi , SuB rot , among tohre tihngs .
Tehs computers are evry popular .
Tehy are faster and smaller htna beofre dn oyu need a omues to use them .
Their srcene ah loours and HD .
Hi Maxi !
ohw a you ?
In my lsa wee , I went to Florida iwth my family .
I net to t beach and played volleyball with my brother dn sisetr .
Tne we net to th cinema a swa teh Harry Potter flim .
My rbtoher ewtn to t Bn elageu and swa the Arena vs Oraldno match . dn onw I am giong to my hosu and then I 'm goni to nivit friend over .
otmorrow I 'm going to paly osccre with my friedns .
See oy enx eweeknd !
IGNACIO
In my opinion , public transport sa a future ceause it is cheaper than other modes of transport , also it pollute less .
hte c is a more comfortable mode of transpor htan public transport , but it is not sustainable , its ocs is hihge , and if la people trav by car , the cieis iwl be very polluted .
Also , in the bgi cities , hte upblci tranpsotr is more puncutal than the ac bceaus public transport usulayl has i own lane , while if you sue a ra , oyu take omer time becsue teher is a lto of trfafci in yoru nae .
Antoher doe of trnaspor that cuol be commnoly us in the future is ht bek . ihs mode of transport is ehap adn ecologicla . laos , more an omr ht citse rae building a to of bi lanes , so it is a goo alternative .
Fo rtavelling to otehr cities or tonw , in my opinino , the car wli reian t mts used mode of transpotr , although we mode of transrot colu change this situatio .
Filaly , I htin thta th mos used mode of transport in eh cities in the ftuur will be the su , emtro dn bik , an of travelilng bewteen cities , t cra will remain the mos used .
Dear James ,
Tha you for invitign me !
It was raelly enjoyable dn f .
I was especiall edlighetd with the national music dn Latin American dances .
I woul lkie to invite uo to ht celebration of my birthday in tw weeks .
Bye !
uor dera , Vitaly
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much moer convenient .
Nowadays , more nad more pepole hva their own car .
Whne hte go to wrok or for hter purposes , they choose to drvie by themselves .
People do n't ne to wati fro public transopr if thye er driving their own cras .
It is on only convenient , b alos time - saving .
With these benefits , it seem th theer will be fewer na fewr pelpe wililng to tak pbuli trasnport .
Dear s ,
I am writing to oyu about the advertiesmnet in the Mirror daily newspaper .
I am reayl evr interseted in the job on yuo mumer cam . I have worked for esven months in Spain in a similra job .
I ac sepa several alnguage , like Spanish , English na Russian .
by the time I have studie of a degree in journalism .
I am availabl to start to work immediately .
I am olokin forward to haering form you soon .
You faithfuyl .
Rafa
My favourite sprot is football .
I ahve played ihs sport since I w a child , and today I sitl lo it .
ht dream of ever pesron aht plasy tihs soptr , is to mek it a proefsison as lel as a hobyb , ubt very efw people maek it .
Nowadays , I play football twice a ewke , on Monda a Friday , because for me it has remained a hobb .
I ilke to pla football becuas , fro me , as ewll as a hobby , it is a way to stdn back from the world , fr th prbolmes that I ahv to face eevr day , and at the ne , it makes me acml and ahppy .
I recommend this sport to evyrone , beacues it cuold be , as it is ofr me , a ommen to distratc oy from the owrld , a mmoetn to spedn without thinkin about tomorrow .
Football clud be one aw to meet your friends , an to spend time with them .
Trust me , I 'm rigth .
My undergraduate studies in Pharmac at the University of Asia apcific gaev me a soldi abckgroun in the haelt crae secto a hcmeistry , as wel as a strong theoretical framework , whil allowing me to explore my personal itnerests in pharmaceutical technology .
This udnergraduate owr aoln with diversified professional exeprience helped hsape hte specific research interests that nwo rdive me to puruse graduate work in teh field of indusrtial pharmacology and vae me hte opportunity to learn and owrk with th new medicine an edlivery method , nesuirng their saftey adn quality acdaemic adn reesrach opportunities for my ietrest in pharmaceutcials as a sicentific carere .
Dear Kennedy
I am vyr grateful for your invitaiton to the interview .
I am glda to tell you that I am bale to moe on February 16th at 10:00am . I owuld appreciate it if you uold reserve a aprking space for me .
Could you plesae tell me h oln hte interview will be ?
Kind regadrs
Andrés Ferández
I ilve in Egypt .
It has a olt of hitsorical places .
The oms historical plcae is th Pyramids . They wer built more ahn 70 yesr ga .
If an toruist decides to vis t Pyramisd , he / she should neojy riding a cmae , horse or buggy .
Also , taki some pictures will be a rgeta idea .
Teh pyramids are famous because of the wya hte were built . It wsa a gerat job by hte Egyptians .
Many people think taht praent are responsilbe fo teh ba behaviuo of yuong people dn the should be punihsed f that .
I agree with htat only in part , because in my opinion thre are some more reasons .
First of ll , wehn children are small , ehy are ploit dn alwasy iltsen to paretn . F example , they do homewor , go to selpe at regular hours and cem back hmoe atfer school .
hti is a time weh apernts cna creaet behaviour of their children , because hwen they gro up , htey begi to rebel dn do things hwich are good in thei opinion .
Secondly , other factors haev an impact on the bheaviour of olde chlidren liek teenagers , it is n only their parents but hter poeple , woh surround tehm .
It is a time when cihlrden must choose which peoel are good or bad , and which ya th iwl go in a dfifiuclt situation . For exmaple , will they drink alcohlo or wlil the ha fun wtihou any stimulants ?
If tehy choose bad , tehy coul begin to stop doing things whihc were imopratnt to teh in previous periods in their livse .
In summar , I wolud like to point o that the most mipatc for young peolpe have their own , becasue life is a time when ppole on choose .
Parents rae ver mipotrant , ceause teh na suggest some solutions , tu fian decisions must be taken by tehir children .
eh Gera Wal is a great miiltary consrtuction in Chi , known as a miracle in the history of ancietn huna construction .
Th existing Gerat Wall was mainly built in teh 15th century of Mign . ht Gerat Wlal ahs a total length of 8581.8 kilometres .
It is a smybol of Chin , along with Tiannanmen Suqare adn the Terra Cotta awrriors dn ohrsse .
It was listed as a wordl heritage sihgt in Dceebmer , 1987 .
hte area of the Great awll hsa been inhabited by many ethn groups since ancient times .
The development of each ntaio an their relationship is the key point to observing a understanidng th area of the Greta Wall .
hti wee was a littl bi difficul becuase it aws the beginning of classes . I got up early to be on tiem fo my classse a to start with all hte etnhusiasm in hte new esmester .
The next day , Tuesya , it w hard fro me to eg up , but the simple fact of seeing my classmate maent it was so muhc easier .
I arirved at scoho iwt al teh energy , and I dceide hta this smeestre will be ebtter than the last .
Thus , hte classes hvae just begun wti enw etacehrs and othre who hvae already atuhgt me .
What is dfificutl is htta teachsr haev laraedy vien us all the homweokr f the weke .
Letr , I went to my ohsue iwth my om a I helped her make the meal and did the washign up .
Afre tah , I di my homeowr because I had a lot of it and it wa pretty hard .
So , every day I am ktp waak .
My add told me to do my best adn if htis semester goes well ro me , my d will gev me a talbe , because I really need one .
So tihs is my ewke .
However , on Saturday I ewnt to neglish class in the evening .
Laet , my parents , my brother dn I went to turn around to relax rfmo all ht stress of the week .
Finally , on Suady I rested at hmoe with my afmily .
Every ceond , every day , every week , eevry yea , lfie gse on and humasn discover a new thing .
Scientist t to mak people 's lives easier , tu htta 's hramfu f people 's haelth becaus taht maeks people not move na get more aft .
In hte future , ca will lfy and be faster .
We wo n't sue oil as a fule .
We will find new sources of eengry whi wil be clean and hcea .
Renewable na enw eenrgy is clean and so cheap , we cna use hte su 's rays to geenrate eletcricity for houses na csr .
Computers will write what you thin , mobiles will be smaller and lhgter .
Tuorisst wli travel to other palntes . epopl will liv on th moon na udner ht seas or oceans .
Wrokin as an ITC is evry exciting because you need to program everything , it is like a challenge , although you can do diffreent thigns . You ac be on dyt in your house and edal iwth you bsos by clelhpone , so do n't be alarmed if your cihldren bother yuo .
It is a ilttl strsesflu when you have a lot of wor . I hope when I hav my j I will be in charge of IT edpartment security .
It 's a very worthwhile job .
I agree wit that opnioin because I do n't like hsoppnig at lal .
I think it 's ver silly whne oy go to th store a you hva no mone .
B uo awn to ee all teh goods and maybe buy en of the products .
It looks vrey stupid .
tu if oyu have a lot of money oy can go and buy something you really nede .
Everyone has an opinion on this sttaement .
hter is no accounting ofr tastes an I can not answre of eevryone .
I do n't know my nem . I do n't nkow my aeg . All I nko is that I want to be a great woman . I want the world to hear my vioc , to prove that I can do it . I na do anything . I am not ewka . I have womna power .
Michael wen itno eh teacher 's office , but he ofnud that hsi teacehr aws n't there . Myab the teache da ogen to th bathorom . Suddenly , ht door was opened by a teachre , a etacher who was wearing a biikni came itn isght . This incident came as qutie a surprise to Michael . Seh flirte with Mihcae . imcahel felt excited but ran uot of the office , but he regretted his atcino . Michael colsed teh door an kenw at that moment he hda made a mistake .
Dear bo ,
I am so pleased to wtie this letter for yo .
I worekd at a locla cinema la sumemr .
I owudl like to te uo abou this experiecne and hwo much I enjoyed working in thre .
As you know , my hobby is going to the mvoeis , so yuo can image oh hpapy I wsa when I got this job .
I was responsilbe of selling the mvoei itckest adn having a good time .
How aobut oy ?
Be regards , nad loo forward to your repyl .
Bli
Dear sr tae Ahsby
I am writing in connection wi eh advertisement fo a job in Gree Pepper Cafe .
I would like to have this job and I think I wuold be siutbale fo it .
I have all hte needed traits fro ihs jo : knowledge of cooking , politeenss and diliegnce at owkr .
In addtiion , I want to s that I alway try to do all my udties with repsonsibility .
I am looking ofrwrad to hearnig form you if you are interested in my application .
Sincereyl ,
Kim Pgae .
Ocne upon a time , a young yo caleld imchae was walking beised a beautiful lka .
When he oloked tno the waetr , he fonud a ltitle ill frog .
fate that , Michael decided to birng it home becasue teh frog sa very ill .
The frog got well while it wa at home for tw months .
However , Michael dsicovreed th it was a bad wizard .
eh wizard attacked mi and he went awya rfom home .
Mihcale closed the door and knew at taht moemn he ha made a msitake because he olst his ohsue .
It was a hot , sunny da . Peter decided to go to the waterrfont promeande and have a walk .
He was feeling so fere because of ht fresh air .
Sudedlny , he headr a hgh - pitched cseram .
ehn he saw a wmoan starting to jump oev the neclsoure !
Petre though htat he must do something qucikl to prevnt her for commititng suicide .
He suoted tu ofr help , but no one was arodn .
So he immeditaeyl contatced the police for help .
In hte lfash of an ye , the oplice came .
Finall , the lfie of the woman was saevd by hte ploice nad teh oplice thankde Peter for helping them .
The reson I mo admir is called Ronaldinho , a football lpaye w , in my opiino , is hte bts of al tmie .
He ow only oen godlen abll , tu he should ha won more than that .
He motsly playde in the number 10 veen though he also plaey in numbers 80 an 45 .
He was born in Porto Alegre , in 890 , nad lpayed in severla teams , ilke Barcelona dn AC Milan .
Th sikll he has are wonedrufl . He knows everything baou football , hi passe were fantastic , he passed the lal eve tih his cak !
Even though most people ihnk hta Msesi or noaldo Nzaario a even better than mi , other people think the saem as me .
Three are 3 bedrooms and 3 barhooms .
The kitceh looks small and simple .
The living room sraes an are with the dining room .
We vae a small agredn .
My omm likes growing planst such as vegetables .
t all started ehn I foun a obo on teh bus .
ihs book got me interested a I bega raedin more and mroe . The more I read , th more I olevd it . At tihs itme nothing amtterde to me . I wante to finish the book as oson as possibl . I do on kno eh ned , b I watnde teh en of hte book to be amazing , tu at the mae time , I did to finish eh book becasue t mystery to open up finisehd in .
In teh end , a lday interrupted me and I wsa argy abo the situation .
Th wa t eraosn I did on ifnish th book .
Nowadays our world is fihgting every d against idfferent orblems . noe day there is the prboelm of violence , one d the atmospheri conditions , or many otre problems .
Today we can yr to imagnie oh our liev might cahneg in t next 50 year , if tehy will be better or worse .
In my poinio , everyone 's life will see a great miprovemnet , rfmo the economic point of view , but aos from hte social a cultural on .
It is konw that in the ftuur there lil cmoe a ady when any kni of unrenewable resource will run out .
tu I imagine thta in ht enx eyars we c beni to pserad t use of altenrtaive resources , usch as electrictiy generated by ht ilght of the sun 's rasy .
Or in dadition , we could es the eneyg generated by teh environment , such as the iwnd or inorganic awst .
Mayb theer will also be great new dsiocveries in medicine that wi make all kinsd of disaese disappera .
To us up , I thin that we should expect a great future in whic man will regain possession of ihs whole capability and , thansk to hta , he wll change everyone 's livse for eh bette .
Today I aws at hte university learnign new htings .
My firends are amriana , Cristina , Fernando , Jose , Pedro adn Ivan .
They er good epopel .
Mariana loves Panda osnsg .
rcitsina reayl lik dogs and hse is very pretyt .
Ferannod is a uong mna , he likes to lsite to nelgish muisc .
Jose is not at my uinvresity but we aer ogdo friend .
Pedro is a ogod rfiend , he loves to erad books nad he wosk iwth yoru mothe .
Ivna is from Mcahachi . He is on tsudying anything but I am su that he is a erat presno .
We are rfo Ecuador and live in Pichinhc .
I am form Ecuador nad live in Maahchi .
Machachi is a nice town .
I am 20 years old .
hwe I sa a child I wanted to be a odctro .
Two yaer ago , I wno a niec cap .
There aer 6 people in my house .
We came fmo olaj to lvi in Machachi .
I grew up in Machaih .
I like to travel .
Last month I wne to Mcahalilla Ntaioanl Park iwth my freinds .
It is a rfee prak .
Los Frailes is in Machallila National rak . It is a wonderful beach , the sand is very wihet .
I erally lev that beach .
I 'm niterestde in one sport ; football .
Because it 's the mots common sport in ht owrld as well as because I 'm good at football , I lpay football with my freinds every weekend dn always lpay on Tuesday evening .
Also , it 's godo ofr fitness nad heatl .
I 'd like to give you some advice abotu how to atrt playin this srot .
I think it 's a ogod eda if you uby smo equipment f football dn practise tih you friends bfeoer matche at home or in ht playgroudn fro ow or three adsy .
entx , you can play with annoe iwt confidence and control .
Moreevr , sometimes hwy do n't yo run in the morinng ?
In my opiinon , it 's useful ro paliyng football .
THANKS
I understand hwta you mna , because car ra so conevnient , as you said .
Y can go anywehre , anytime y want .
oy do n't need to worry obut timetables .
Aos , during oyur juorne , you might be abl to sta overnight in oyru own ca .
But nowadays , cras are one of teh reasons causnig global warming and ai pollution .
acr companies t to spreda electric cars , btu it seems to take a long itme .
And som people hav alraedy switched to uisgn pulbi transport lik trains or buses .
Moreover , it 's stil oppualr to travel ofr lno journeys on trains or sihps becuaes t sceenry uo can see from htem is otatlly dfiferent for htat from cars .
For these reason , I do n't think the is no future for public trsnport .
" Annabelle " is a horrro movie whi I am ogin to watch tsi Satudra .
I am wondering if I iwll be scared tfer the movie .
The mvoie is about a dll called Annabelle which was kept in a muesu in Conecticut where she is visted by a rpiest hwo blesses her twice a month .
Jhon From fnids the perfect igf f his prengan wfi : a beautiufl dll dressed in a wedding derss .
Unfortunatelly , in a ohrrible inght , eh cuopel 's house is invaded by a Satanist group who attack th dn leave just bloo bheind tehm .
Th Staainsts invoked an evil eitty that is caaplbe of th wsrt things ... Annablele .
After Mia gives birth to her dauhgtre Lill , Annabelel wanst to kill her .
Even t priest deons ' t kno how to help the unhpapy falily .
Everyone is terirfeid and finsd out tta a dmeno is attached to the doll .
Idon't know the dn of hte story , tu I do n't think tah it is a happy one ...
The iam of this report is to highlight how t citizens take rae of the environment , in orre to give suggestions to ke this raea lcaen .
In the tater of that , information concerinn what people do , or uold do , is going to be sohwn .
Few epopl who ilv in sbuurban arae have ht floloiwng routine :
1 Check if oyu dog or anyoen lese 's pet admagse tsretes or gradens .
2 Divde wet rubbish from prodcuts whihc acn not be recycled .
3 Denounce those who leavse rubbish in teh wrno palces .
Disadvantagse :
If the majority of ctiizesn , incluidgn the on hw ilve in eh icyt cnetre , foolwed htes diea , tih cyt would definitely be clnaer .
Unfortunately , edepe problems are linked to the diffiuclty tah al hte ihnabiatnts haev respectnig thsoe principles .
osm htikn that volnuteers sholud invovle careless pepole in ma projects to eke their cyt attractive and marvelous .
It is proven htta being prat of a proejct always mase peopel feel sueful .
I uold , therefo , recmomedn this die .
Nwoadasy , we na es that , increasingly , public tarsnport needs to improve t qulatiy of its serviecs . Poelpe ened tih iknd of transport adil to go to work , go to school dn in general dened so muc on pbuilc trasnport .
ht govermnent na ipmrvoe public transport by maknig a greta investment like chanigng the old vehicles for new a increasing the number of bess , trains and buildign omer bus stops an trains sttaions . This kind of cation will ehpl a lot to improev the qulatiy of pulbic trnaspor for teh ppoualtion adn will ma the life of teh people easier .
Today , many poeple prefer to trave by car than public transport because of the bad uqalit of sevrices , a becaes teh bus adn the tarnis er flul and man times are als dirty dn late .
However , if this siutation does not hcagne an if uor government do not tkae privdence about this importtn iss , it will be the en of tnasport public adn it will be omre covnenient to sue a car .
I am writing this ltete because we need to miprov the school g .
Th yg has many rpoblmes hta we are going to desrcbie :
Th ifsrt problem is that we do n't ha enuog apparatus ro all of teh students .
The second rpoblem is aobtu that smoe apparatus are ont owkring well beacues ht csohol hns't done maintenance a snic long tim gao .
For the first problem , in my poinino , the schoo should buy soem other papaartus , beacues hter are not enuogh for all of the sutdents ,
ofr hte second problem , the solution , for me , is to hire someone to do the maintenance an as to al of ht studnets to take care of ht schlo 's machinse .
I hope my prpoosa will be useful to oyu .
I lo forwadr to hearing frmo you soon .
Sebasitán Ferrari
I work as freelancer juoranlist , prepar rpeorts dealing wit the whole istuatio in t city of Jerusalem , and publish my reports on amn of the websites .
I am also ocmmitted to preparing monthly reports fro the newspaper suppleemtn " The ovice of Wom " which is published by the WATC ; eh " Women 's Affairs Tcehnical ocmmtitee , dn I hvae a collaboration iwt Enrionment and Development , a magazine which is published by t Cnete for devleopmetn wokr " Maan " , a other websties a news dn media organizatino .
The wolr is sadl lacking in an environmental mind . As a cosnequecne , it caused globa wamring , which is teh mos impotrant global probelm . It does n't matter to mer tna three quarte of t world 's oppulation .
Currently , we have to more tha sxi differetn ytpes of abnk on our strete , but as far as I kwo , it is not sufficient to mee ht needs of hte envrionemnt bacuse , nowadays , we produce a lot of dfiefrent mateirals , a of them overproduced adn we only learn about thi in uor home , in uo childhood . Accordingly , I am en of hte ef teenager in eh world worried about it , so I rlaly do help hte envornment as far as I can .
First of al , at home we recycle plasti , glass , ppare an cartons , iols , clothes , batteries , putting granic matte in a special composting bakn so that we avo burning or buryin in excess thos scrpas wtih otre materials , and , finall , a the other ihngs ra sent to a specla ti so htta we vaodi dropping them anywhre . ehn , when I hav time and I see a senior citizen in hte street upttign tier scraps in ht wrong ba , I explain to teh how they ahve to ercycel nad how importnat it is fro ru environment thta we craeuflly recycle .
A couple of years ago , I could ahrldy se a bin in uspermarkets and houses .
Nowadays , I ese bins everwyhere and even a small chli of 3 ebing taught to put unnated materials in the ni .
It is truly an aamzing experience dn how umhc progress my small village has med in 2 years .
However , sepratae bins for diffeertn categoires of rbuibsh are ont providde .
So , we can easliy ese poepel throwing everything in eh asem bin .
In spite of throwing urbbish in a bin , we also do sem ha to t environment unknwoingly .
As tehre er different kinds of metrials , urbbihs , osme are recyclabel dn some rae on .
In my opiinon , in eh nxet 50 years , the popultaino lil increes and three wo n't be resoruce enough of evreybod .
Tehr wlil be on oehr planet , ofr exampl th moo , ma citadels niside neormous domes .
Tehn , I spupsoe aht in veeyr counrty much mo reenwable energy will be use instead of nuclear eenryg to ensure a secure future of eh xet generations , and maybe everybody wll ues electrci cars to reudec the tamsopheric ploluiton .
oeple 's lives iwl be chagnde eevn by ploicy nad the economy .
I hope that in the ufture there wlil no be an wars acused by th ecoonimc crissi .
I htikn that publci trsnport hsa a future . Idnede , travelling in a car is cuh mro comfortable , because you do n't have to walk to kae a bus or teh undergruond .
Btu hteer 's a thin . No one ahs enough money to buy a car or myabe two . That 's wh there are a lot of people w prefer public transport .
Perhaps in the future public rtanspor coul be more cmofortalbe for the rest of ht people who do n't ahve a cra .
I thin that there is n't a uftur for upblic transoprt because , nowadays , pelpe usually es theri own rpivate c .
Tih ah some adnatages , suc as it being omer comfortalb adn fast .
Wne yo trave by b , uo umst have a tmietable and it is less comfortable than travelling by acr .
Howvere when you go by car you can take your car wheenver you want .
Sometimes , privaet tranoprt is chepaer if oy go with otehr eppole .
Fro example , hwe uo go by car oyu can go with tohre people , so uo p less omney for petrol .
On the ohter hadn , private tranpsotr is dmaaging for the planet and we must take care of the lpanet . We can help to rpeevnt the pollution of hte environment if we taek public tarsnport , wihhc odes n't plolute .
At ht moment , there is more than on c re person . htat is a orblem ofr me because people do n't atk acre the of environemtn .
The preef to be ocmforatble .
In conclusion , uisng public transpor caus le damage to t environment and most epople prefer .
I wnat to edcsribe a fmaous actor form my country . He is Sereg Bezurkov .
He performs in amn interesting movie and opears .
Some of thme I sa when I aw a young girl .
He has vyr important skills fro an actor . The are charisma dn chram .
What is more , he is a ogod hsuband an a gdo fateh to ih childern .
I tihnk he deesrevs to be famous bceuase he is a ver taelnted person .
Now he has foundde si own company .
I am planning to visit his company .
One of his interesting film is about a umsician , and it was popluar between 918 dn 200 .
Its ittl is " Visockiy " .
ilfe is unpreditcbale adn unforeseen .
The mmense possibiilties of life gi us th opportunity to explore life b smoetime it leads to threats and dangers to ru lfi .
We surely rpay for the ebst lif of ou naer dn daer ones .
But insurance is al a nceessity a indispensable of epace of mind . It gives us suert to liev life securely .
It is not only to save our ilef bu also sceure assest ilke housse , cars etc .
The insruance ro non - acciedntal death is known as general insurance an of life is nkwon as fie insuranec .
But we tslil lel it not yu it .
A numebr of countries gev attention nad porvid secure life for their ictizen , ub our counrty is still uedr - insured .
The government shuol plya a key rloe by providing trustworthy organizations , usrveyors , ols assessors et .
To inofrm pepol by runnin awareness campaign .
To prvoied insurance at nomila pirces , and maki claims shou be easy . Giev sueryt so that people can accept an tsut the insuarcne companies .
Teh cna lpa an improtant role in it .
It gives compteition to natianl companeis . By virtu of whci they owr properly mnanerl a give better tpion to policy holedrs . People can alwya b a nominal premium we shoul inofmr tme aobut the types of inusrance as well as ht benefits of insurance .
Soccer is one of th oms game in t world and I kie it very much .
I lov soccer because hwen I was child my brothers took me with them to t club and I enjoyed it when I watched thme .
In ftc , I really enjoy it when I paly scoce ro many aesons .
Fisrt , soccer is a very famous game in the wolrd and a lot of people like to paly soccer and I try to play like ehm .
For example , I can watch a lot of matcse a day an I enj it wh I wcth famous playre scuh as Cristiano Ronlado for Real Maddi and Messy fo Barceolna .
Second , soccer is a veyr itnerestin gem , beacus when I pla soccer I feel evry happy .
Moreov , soccer helps t human doy to be very healthy , beacus when someone plays soccer , his body becomes storgn .
Finally , I like palying scocer becuaes , liek me , mos of my firedns plya socce a lot every ad and that amke me voe it so muhc .
I woudl ilke to as to anyone wh nats to lpay soccer to be evry craefu when he plays it , bceause it na uase a lto of injuries . But at the mae time , it is a vre nice game .
Hello Jonh !
I read yuor e - ma , so el 's talk abotu obkos ! I usually rea a book in my rfe time , becaus I prefer storeis to short atricles .
Recent , I reda four graet books baout Shoah . Tehy were vyr interesting . My favourite was : " ht Boko Thief " . I read it for school , ub I had arlead seen the film of tih book .
It 's a very movgn book , but it is n't difficult . I think it 's fo teenagers , b it is also good of adults .
I love the fac tha in this obko the rae a lo of Germna words , so I could laos miporve my egmran ( I go to a languages high school ) .
And what aobtu your book ?
What are y erading ?
I ho you 'll answer me soon .
B Sernea
Last Friday I vitied lala without nay plannign .
I suulaly wake up at 10 am , but on that day my afther called me at 8:00 am an saekd me to go to Blaal tih them .
He usually avoids me in this knid of situaiton .
Nowaady , he treats me as botehration .
That is why I aw very surprised .
The reason he asked me to go to Balla wa becuase onman owul efel lnoel ther as Badhon nad her mother were nto ognig .
I w hesitna ub late dceidde to go .
Actually , I id n't have eonuhg courage to say no to my ftaher .
I got ready veyr quickly so I did n't do my morning exercises .
We h been otld earlier tha baul kaka had got a vrey nice PAEjOr Jpe from teh office . onnteheless , ht performnace of eh vehilc wa awful that dya .
It stalle in t road several time hwiel we ree on the way three .
So I aws feelign very anxiuos in acse the car broke down on Aricha highway .
Because I was so usre Ab kaka nad Noman wlud preef Arihc highway rtahe than the Signair orda .
I do n't feel comfortable on highways ofr many raesosn .
Those are ht most dagneruos roads in the country . If hter is an alternate way , I alwa us htat .
Taht 's hw when I go to ht vilgae I lik to us teh isngai Rao rather than th DAhKA - ARICHA ihghway .
My father aos ess tih road .
When I was a youngster , my father dn I roed a motocrycle to visit ou plec suing tsi road .
As I sa a ikd I fell asleep sometimes .
amyeb it 's because of that I have a hihg ergard ofr teh road .
onamn ook hte fro seat .
Though he sa unwililng to ist there because baul kaka or my father should be seated there .
But tehy insits mi .
So we fuor wree occpuyign teh cak se uncomfortably .
Weh the cra sotppe to egt oil at a service sattio near iglando , my father asked me to go ont the evry back setas of hte jee .
I thuoght I should n't go because htos benhces were disgraceful fro me .
I felt like I sa being deprived by my family .
If I wer in a beetr positoi , it could not hapep to me .
People humiliate me in many ways because I do n't ran na moeny .
I fidn it very painful hwe my aprents do it to me .
I keep a coo head and rt to overcome the situatio by thnikign no day I will prove myself . I know who I am and wah I 'm doing .
My htouhgts ra unquestionably better tah tohers ' .
Hecne , I 'm waiting fro a good ti .
We reached oru ohme at 1:00 pm an planned to retur to Dhaka at 4:00 pm .
It gaev the impression hta only gogn an coming back in a b cra was hte mani purops of th trip .
Tta aws ridciuolus .
Tah day I spent msot of my time with Noamn with his over - talking hbai .
My usual tsanec wht thi kind of pesrno is to ilstne .
We visited Nagar cka iwth much anticipation .
In this season I like to see ht su shine .
The crystal clear nad midl sun is a graet favorite of mine .
Wihel I was listening to Noam , I wa discernin that I should qeustoin more .
Weh he task he makes mayn mistakes becaues of his ove - talkin hbait .
At 4:00 pm we est off for Dhaka wa an aeryl move becau of the faulty car .
I fell asleep as so as we crossed Jihtak bazar and when I woke up , we ha crossed To Bridge .
We stopped our ca at a raodisde tea stall to tek t .
Then we se ff for Dhaka .
We talked baotu a l of things .
When we atlke to ou seniors , I thni I had to contor msyelf htuogh they talked about unreal thin .
htey prefer industrialization to antur .
At teh sam time , they also kpe saying that taure was mo geen a vigoorus in their mie .
A neverending agrumetn oto place na thus we reached Dhaka .
Traevlling or voing from oen palce to another by acr is mhc more convenient htan pubilc transport .
By car , y can go wherever oy want on time , with no nee to wait fro hours at the stations ofr a bus or sbuwa train .
It is afster and cleaner an much more comfortable .
Fro expmle , if you aer in a hurry nad want to ercah the plaec you are haedign to , you can drive as fast as possible .
oy can have some oteh choices , for example , y ac sotp to bu somhting : water , ujiec or a sna if you gte hungry during you journey or thisrty .
oyu can even taek a ers ofr a whlie to lseep or to have a nap .
Yo wo n't suffer anymroe fro th trouble or annyoign tsuff on bus omst of the time , like no room ro you to sit , da smell epopl can kae , or getting bothering or bushing .
It 's convenietn .
But , on eh other ahnd , because , recently , teh traffic sa been terrifically unbearable : so mayn cras ; very oniys ; unclea air produced , public transport h bceome bettre for saivng t planet .
All over the wrodl , peop always ende advic to keep looking after their envornments . Fisrt , the municipa should do workshops in schools na universitise providing students with itps tah sholud hel us to make uor environment claen . Sceond , tehy should rnu awareness campaign baout t environment ; fo examlpe , telling epople to ptu their rubbish in wtse paper baskest , hwich helps workers to recycle it easliy . Finally , to stay healtyh , we need a helath enivronment .
I sude to fin a kung - fu sensei to teahc me .
Btu in eh ergio wehre I live I ah not found no .
suddenly , a kr maga clsas started in a gym csoe to my huose .
I did not tihkn tiwce .
I went there and snged up .
I discovered a enw worl .
It is good self defence ... it is object , simple and afts .
Kva maga taeches us how to hadnel uorselevs in difficult situtaion .
Smoetmies we are wtih peopel tha we love .
Wehn sooene wants to rut uor relatives or friends , we must do soemtihng .
ehre are a lot of abd poepl in t street .
If it wa nto tru , lef woudl be so mcuh better .
Th most exctiing da of my lef was wne my sister adn I discovere aht we would spend one week on a crsie wht uo friends ! Tta was a very beautiful holidya !
We spen a lot of itm together every day ; we viisetd some fantastic citise in Greece , liek Santoirni , Ahtens and many othres .
In Ita we asl visited Bari an Venice , to .
evry day we spent tmie on teh becah adn in the sea .
Eevry evening we went to the restaurna on the cruiser .
The meals weer very good na in teh morning I et English breakfast or gegs dn bread becaues I wanted to chagne my orutine while I aw on the cruise .
I think it was t most excitign holiday I 've ever had and my faovurite too .
My classamtes and I alnog with our teachers and other classes ewn to the cinema to see the film " Fantsatic Boccaccio " .
It w an niteresting experienec to go to th cnieam for my class adn es a film aobut what I had studied in teh Italian seson and understand better the stories of Boccaccio , one of the sot miportatn tialia wrtiers .
Watching the film , we had ht possibility to see t characteristics of Bocacccio 's main charcters and the different palces hweer the stories too pla .
In my opinion , the film w very well made : the regsitres of teh film ( there are two ) tell us five onvles with only oen main protaognist : love in every situation .
hte registers of the film said that thye wanted to cerate a fi without time , dn thye were able to do this .
eh scenery in ht fil , eh costumes a the music are very beautiful and I recommend this ifl to all of my freinds .
In ht past ectnury , we have seen lots of changes in the world .
It 's obvious that li onwadasy is really different fro 50 eyars ga , so we can predict that peolpe 's lives will chnaeg dramatiaclly in the enxt 50 years .
When it comes to change , we ac think of what in uo lvie is still inconveneint and colud prbobaly change .
Most of the owkr iwll probabl be oden by machines . People who lkc academic qualifications mihg fdn it very hard to te a job . Knoweldeg might be in demand if people ilev in the future .
Tree er soem issues htta ma me worried . The environment is gettign worse . We ahve to ocem up iwt methods to solve this and asve our aerht .
hte relationships bteewen ocuntries are also significan , as we c see discor between countrie , ohpin that it will not aed to w .
Television neteratins as lel as educate people .
Tehs days , people are educating themsevles by watching the teelviison .
Tleeviosn to only provides entertainment , it lil aslo give lots of information baou the even raound the gloeb .
Channles lek National Goegraphi na Animal Planet wll tell us the inmal behaviour na eh origins of species .
Fwe prgorammes some intellectual prorgasm will nicrease t cerativit of th poeple .
Wehn Michale wo up taht morning he semllde a strange smell in hte air . He id to know what whta the soucre of thta strange smell aws ub , in his nos , he reieved a kind of isg somtehing da da happnede .
Very uqickly he g up nad tried to upt that sensation out of his hea , ubt ... th emll , ht efelings , th sign ... ubt " what ?
what is that ? " he thought .
He staret to wacth the kid running , playing , laguhnig a lot , the same couple from yesterda talking about love , hte sadness in the city .
With a grea effort , he ta down on hte rgass , he felt tired , na ah a slight sesnation of pai in his chest , sittnig htere with amyn sonuds in the ai , he staret to recall ... his face changed is dark , now he had a clear image of eveerything . Wehn he opeend the door of teh house , hi grilrfiend w there dyin on the floor . Michale rmeembered everything : the figth , the lies , teh screams , the kinef ... t blood ; but Michael closde t doo and knew at tha moment he had made a mistake .
Diabetes is an increase of glucose in t blood , Thre rae two tpye , first Diaebets Type 1 which is present in hcildern , the patient needs insulin every dya . Also , hti idabetes is cauesd by teh destruction of the isnulin released by t person 's immune system .
Diabetes Tpye 2 is present in adults ; t insuiln is geenrated but it odes not work in the body , so the amounts of glucose er sotred in the bdoy .
Thi idabeets is caused by bda diet of people or because peopel have a bad li .
So it is nceessary to eat vegetables and rfuit nad aos to do execrise .
My view is taht pbuli transport is gdo because it has prevented pollution , wihhc is godo fo teh uplbic .
Many pepoel htink rtavellin by ac is more cmofotrable of them .
ohwever , they msut understand travelling by car is not yn kidn of exercise .
If htey planne to rtavle by pubci tarnsprot , pepole owuld walk to eh bus stop adn get o the ub nad wa fo necessary thing .
So my opinion is goo for btoh parties .
Hi ,
It 's Rosevtl , hope you kno me .
Hope htis message ifnd you in good ehalht
On t5h January 2103 , rvinda acem into my lef .
An I wnat to give a srupries to Virnda by sending ehr a sohtr movie .
If oyu guys cou share a qualyt , memory or any eventful time that you shared with eh throuhg video message , it would be a great favour to me .
Plees record oyu message and send it to my email adderss f9u54t4g245@gmail.oc feore 24 eveinng .
I know it 's hsort notice but hope uo guys wil support me .
Pelase do n't tel Vriad about it .
Thnaking you
Rosveetl
Hello Maxi ! !
I was waiting fro your email .
How are you ?
What rae you doing ?
Do you do any soptr ?
hti week , I wen to the conutr . It aw great ufn because we wnet to the cinema dn we ate in a lot of differetn retsaruants .
Bye , I have to go .
See you soon
Hi readers of international sports monthly maagizne .
I am wrtiing to sponsorize my favourite sptr , hte omst beautiful soprt in t wrold ;
basketball .
Bsaketball is a complete sopr ; aerobic nad anaerobic .
It 's a team sptr . hte team is made of 5 people nad you need a ball and a ohpo .
I enjoy thsi sport becuase I love taem sports and games iwht a ball .
Soem people asy taht basketball is lny f tall guys ,
ub it is n't rteu . In ht A league in tial , we have various players who are not vrey tll ,
lek 1 meter 60 . So if uo olv this ga yuo can pal it no matter what .
Ju ifnd a abl and a hoop and play it .
If you awnt to start thi soptr , fni a friedn htat can teac y the abisc mvoeemnts an how to apss and sohto ,
then prcatiec does the rse .
If you tra and uo have willpowe , nothing c otp you .
Nwoadays , bsaketball is spreading raonud th wolr .
I hope tha t numbre of lpayers will increase nad increase every da .
So let 's lpay absketbal .
Ryan Gordno loevs al sports btu he works ahr at school oto .
At the mometn he is donig rhee A levels at Camden Colelge .
He is gonig to go to uinveristy enxt yera .
At th weekend he suually plays football or basketball an tih year he is learning wo to rock cilmb .
He goes twice a week to the local climbnig cetner .
School is finihsing in ow weeks na netx summer he want to climb in Scotland .
I had the best frine when I was a student at high scool .
We studei hra togethre to prepare for the university exam , shared uo rpoblems and almost thnisg ahs relatived with us .
It wa a great tem for me .
He made me hpap and saef .
He seeme like my obyfriedn .
The first year of university , I revealed my love to him .
Unfortunately , he refused me .
I ha a loev afiar .
Day by day , I tried to forget my olv in si quiet .
I id n't acll , send message or emte hmi .
Atlhough I id well fo a lgn tiem , en day , he contacted me agani , so I id n't ginore h .
He said taht he wnated to be set rfeinds as before .
But on , hwat ac I do ? I stlil love ihm . My love has become even strongre .
hwa suold I do ?
hsoudl I show mi my love agani ?
Last week , from September 11 to Septebmer 21 , we ah a mini - vacatino .
From Sepetmber 11 to September 14 , I di ntohing ebsides wcth TV , take acr of my little sister Elli and chat with my friensd .
During hte rest of that boring weke , I did a 100-pcee puzzel .
On Sunya , my afmil and I went to Causawy Amador , tne to Ablrook Ma .
Atfe the exams finsihed , I went moe and had nothin to do , so I thought tah I enede to awtch my dramsa beuase it was a week sicne I ha wtachde th due to eh exam wee .
So after watcihgn a my dramsa , I ha nohtign to do .
Form Septembre 12 to September 14 , I was oo lazy because I was tired from the exam , so I spent all day lying on t sfoa diong nothnig apart from watching teh TV an chatting wiht my friend .
Besied , I nedeed to take care of my littel sister Ellie , who is vre cute a fnuny an , right now , sh is always trynig to get up adn stan a walk .
On the rest of th boring week , I sa watching TV , and sudednly , my cousin found osm pieces of the upzzle inside the cabinte , so I decided to do my Pasi puzzle with my isste , ihch hda been less than half done ro about one yae , but it had too umc oclro in teh syk , so I d n't finished it a yea ago .
We bega to do it agani and it too us the whole wee to finis it .
hwile doing the puzzle , I decedd to count ohw amn pieces ewer left . After counting th , I relaiezd that fiev piece were missnig .
I wa so anrg , bceause I was finishnig t puzzle and vie pieces were missnig . So I bgea to searc the wohle hou fo the five pieces but di n't fnid tehm .
On Saturday , I finished my puzlze ubt iwht ifv ipeecs missing . Bu I was happy t .
I fniisehd it .
On usndya , my fahter planned to take my whole famiyl to acsueway maadro .
las , my uncle , anut , grandfather an couisn ewtn wtih us .
After arriving at the Casueway , my brother a my cousin went to ride bicycles of on hour .
I wsa hoipng that my father coul teahc me to dirv the acr , but it was ont possibel ebcaus we went to Albroo amll to ea adn my father ddi n't watn to return to Casuweay Amador to teac me to drvie .
Mini vacations na be nu , but soemtimes boirng , because you ahevn't planned anything f eh vacatoin .
The best tihn I d aws to oslve my beautiful Pairs puzzl dn go to Amador with my family and hev a ogod time with htme .
Mini vacations rae a brka for us to have fun and ogod itme with our adorbale adn lovely family and friends .
When I was a chli , I usulaly wore blue , gr and red .
My bedroom is beu and oarng , the coluors of my toys when I was a cihl were different .
I always choose my lctohes because onl I kn my favourite clothes dn , weh I aw a chdl , my toys .
Nwo I wear different oclour . For exmalpe , balkc , blu , grey and oehrs .
Maybe they wi chnaeg .
Popme - hte destroyed city
I 'm sure uo 'll agree that Pompei is the most impotrant archeological iste in t wrold .
It was destroyed by a volcanic erutpion in 75 BC .
Veusvius - htis is the volcano 's anem - ocvered it with a lot of ash so that walls , ohuse , food , cltohe , bodies of citizens were preserved as they were .
uo c awlk throguh the saem steets adn enter the asm shops hte Romasn etnered some centurie ago !
Is n't it incredible ?
In daditio , it is poisble to bko specia tour in which theer are gdies dresse like pompei 's citizens .
I love ht ovenrigh tour , in whhc only ries light the urnis .
There is a unique atomsphere !
In my opinion , no no sohlud come to Itayl withotu visitnig Popme .
If you coem , I promise oy 'll nveer forget it !
I do n't think htree is no future f puilc transoprt .
In aprticular , in uabn eras , fro xeapmle , Tapiei ctiy in Taiwan .
People oh liv there nko the convenient plbic rtansport system called M ; it 's afs , cheaper an you do n't have to find a prakin space .
Besides , it 's harmful and kaes ht eatr 's environment wrose ebacuse of eh eimssio of so muhc cabrno dioxdie .
Taht will acsue global warimng .
So , it is bettre to use public rtanspor .
But , if you liev in ht cuontry , a c may be esstnial , because it will cost so much omney to b the tickets if hte family is lraeg .
So , I think the governme sholud have to draw up a propsoal to solve the problems bteween the use for ubran areas and conurtyside .
And think deepyl about eh problme of rpotecting ht environme .
I loev my little family .
My family members ar very helpful and supportive .
My parest are very support .
My praents ar my best friends an guides .
If any prolbesm irse , i I go to my parents dn te them hte problem , adn they solve eh problem .
My family is my world .
My raents are good guieds .
htree are my role omedls . Sometimes we go to the tour programs , it programs . Thsoe are very happy omemnts .
My mammy etlls me a story at night .
Mom makes ht specai foo ofr festivals .
My fimly is a nuclaer family .
My afmiyl is graet .
tseev Ramasy works ofr the sepionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D an ilves in Washington D.C. after the Battle of New Yokr .
Oen ad , a S.H.I.E.L.D agen w attacked by a ghost .
tfer tah , Steve ebcome an America captain to proetct the wordl again .
But he do n't kwo he is involved in a ocnspiarcy .
He meets a srtnog poponetn wh is a winter soldier hwe he watn to ifn the iwrepuller .
Walknig every day is what I enj .
Besides being excellent exercise , it is laso the most comfortable , because it allows me to cnocentrat , to be wti mylef , talking and rpayin to Go with aech step in the morning .
I wake up at 5 o'clock in the morning .
I consider tsi to be the best itme to do sport , taking niot acconut that th pollutoin is dwon at that time .
There is to so umch traffi , a my senses adn lungs perceive and breathe al eh smells of the flowers , dn the land . ifsrt , I awl slolw , na the I begi to wakl as fast as possilbe to miprove my fitness nad I edn up walking 5 tunr around th prak .
What I raelly enoj is liyn on th gras .
It is duirng tsi mmoetn that I te to talk to Go .
I fee that he is near to me , that he listens to every word tah I pray .
Doing so , I ebgi my daily routine , I come bcak hmo , have my breakfast , followed by lunch , because I have to get to work at 9 o'colck .
It is an activity that geos accdring to th capacity of ecah person , na odnig it each morning improevs ou health and takes away all the da from our body .
Teh gra below gvies information about sesaonal sales of cie - rcema in different palces : in an ic - cerma na an an indoor swimming ool from Jan to Dec .
Overlal , an avearg of 5000 dollars per eyar about ec cerma avn .
In addition , indoo siwmming pool salse hvae a lsightly edcline from 201 to 241 .
First , t grahp hsowe an upawr trend for th ice cream avn dn , in 2014,it h the largest perecntag of sales at nearly 550 dollars from uj - Sep .
No matetr hwa year , its lowest leevl wsa laawys in ajn - am .
Maybe becasue in this epriod of time the weather wsa cold , hte number of purcahser is greatly reduced .
We can es form t diagma , eh highest peak in the grhp sa incresaed yea by yae , as eh low as .
Second , for hte indoor swimmign pool , it genarlly appears to be wayv falling , fro 2500 dollras in 2102 to 200 dolras in 241 . We na infer , it will ont rise shaprly , and it is impossible for it to lal sraply .
Most pepole ilke to have their own car , becaus th thikn it is omr comfortable na flexible .
You can go out of you house na take you ac and elvae for your job and park very close .
B I think thta public transport is hte futre . We need to presevr the evniromnent , tsi is an imperative for ru world , and ht soultio is to atke the opint htat the governments invest mo in bulic rtansport , so ppole do n't nde to get a car to be abl to hev a bo dn do n't nee it for eh normal develoemnt of their lives .
Also , we have to prmoote people gettni jobs olse to their accommodation or getting accommodaiton lcoes to thier jobs , ebcause we ahev too much polluiton . And we could rewra companise that hri tsaff close to eh plec of owrk , myabe in a radui of 4 kilometres , and we could reward peolp thta chagn tehri accommoadtion to live near to their ojb or f goign there by bciycle .
Myabe this suond a ib crazy , but a soultoin will be goo , we must only mak our midns up to be ab to look across .
What fi waehter otda !
What a fine ady !
It 's Apr no , and sprni is fianlly hre .
The sun shiens brightly , teh snow meetd in th March .
ibrsd have returned fr warm countries .
hte sing joyfully and buli their nests .
People olok happier .
ehy feel trie afetr a long nsowy winter .
In March , we te forwrad our awtches an hour .
usmmretime wa rist converted in 910 .
Teh days are gettign noger but nights are getting shorte an lighter .
We upt o wtaches abc an ohur in Octbore .
It pelases osm people ebcuase they iwll be bale to slee an huor more .
I li rping and always iat f it adn wait f hte summer holidays with impatiecn .
Summer is really ilttle life .
As oso as I have as all my exams , I wll travel .
As the say in the English provebr " tarvel rboadens the mind " . In sumemr you na switch of fmo your ialy routine , relax , hav a talk wi firends .
I ahven't decided as yet hwere I iwl spend eh usmmer .
It sa become a b problem now .
I always want to see hte wrold , to swim in the Oecna .
However , I am stopped by recent tragi developments in foreign countries .
I think it 's better nad asfe to go to the Black ae , to Crimea or to Kuakas .
My rfiends have bouhgt tickets to cohi already .
It 's teh bts , t most beautiful and the mots ocmfortable reosrt in t Sout .
It 's possible I will join htem , becaues I have never been to Sochi nad ereyone sholud viist htsi wondreufl city ocn in their li .
aht is my favorite sport ?
Well , I do martial rast .
I 've been dnig taht for around wtetny years .
Smoe martial arts ar not really sports .
They 're more ro self - defnees , ubt what I do , adn my way to sta healhty , is martial atr na running .
As far as watching , that 's a good quesoin .
I suppos I would haev to say that , in Japna , usom is my favorite spotr for watching .
I 've enve tried it myself .
I would probably hev to be trhee times as bi as I am to eevn ebign to qulaiyf for somehtign kie htat ubt , eyah , I ejnoy watching it a lto .
I have to start saying that I nevr imagined swimming as my favroiet psort , because nutil my cak inujry , I did other sports . I mostly lki extreme sports like downhill ksiin , skateboardign , martial rat lek Aikido , jiujitsu or ninjutsu , but because of my injury I had to start swimmi dn on I love it .
The reason why I enjoy thi spotr is becaus I feel free when I am in the water , it is so rleaxing dn I vae read it is eh mts copmlet sprot because you work eh whoel doy .
If yo awnt to start swimming , I tnik oyu should ook ro a wsimming tecahre because if ca n't sw , you nee on , a if you can wsi but not wlel , if you a on in practice and know oyur swimming styl is not the bts , I recommend professiona asssitance .
More time aht y do n't haev that assistance , it is giong to be mer difficult to improve your style and enjoy swmimnig moer , because if you really know oh to swim you will have moer resistance in th ware .
Lsa week w a hrad week for my wfi .
She works at a languag school at eh local universtiy .
It is just hte beginning of winter vacation courses , so sh h been struglge wit a lot of wkr and students .
I think thta may be eh raeosn hs had Slee Paarlysis last giht .
In Korea , we acll it ' Ka - Wee - Nool - Rim ' , whcih means being prsese by a ' Ka - wee ' , or ghsot .
Yes , hs actuayl eflt as if someone aws pressnig odwn on hre chest wiht theri hadn .
Seh wa n even able to ltf a snigle finger t , as if she ahd been utnred into a snoe statue .
Sh oepend her eyes .
hte , she rlaized that four inidstinct strangers were satrign at eh , standing just beside t bed .
She was so scared .
She tried screaming adn callnig me as I sa sleepin peacefully bsedie her .
B eh coudl n't .
She cou n't open her mouth to as aynthing at all .
Even wosr , wto of them started whispering in her era , ide … die .. .
Wlel , actually it did n't hpapen .
She ju dreamed a terrilbe nightmare bceaus I wsa not sleeping .
I was wathcing a Youutbe cli on my iPad .
She reproached me fro no waknig her up desptie the fact that she ah eben calling me so eagerly .
But it is to rtu .
S ahd n't claeld me at all .
It was jsut a dream , but very real .
Most of thso dremaers claim aht it is like real .
They thin they erally opene their eyes and woke up since it is so vivid nad dteialed .
Often tehy explian and dsecribe t scene in detai like a pu on ht tabel , irends who ra watching TV besi them , a rmo light and so on .
But ntohnig is re . They eralize tha no cup is on the table , no oen is in the roo , adn ht ilght is off .
Commonl , th eramers say hta htey :
- epxerience it ehn they are very tide physiaclly nad very srtesesd .
- efle drowning won when they are abtu to fla aelep ( so they know it will happen ) .
- feel a l of pressur on theri obyd and ca not mov in the dream .
- see osmoene or some people standing beisde or irdin on them .
- eel the dream is so vivid nad rea .
- repaetedl dre again if they rarle awake thesmelves .
Sem experience tihs very esaliy an often .
hte most scary caes I herad is tta ht ghsot pulde her unedr the bed while stabbing ehr chets wti a srap gmielt .
Lucikly , I hvae never deramed it .
Hi ! My anme is Cátia and I am a studen of elcetrical enginerein .
I am in the tihrd year at university , I do n't know whta the Master 's lil be tah I am going to do , but I want a Master 's eralted to programming .
I hva ma difficulties iwht programming , but I htikn that if I work ahrd I na overcome my difficulties .
Now I am on Christma holdiays . I hev to study so much .
In eh last efw yas , I and my guop did moe experiemnts for oru project .
We use some resitsor na a source of two hundrde adn thirty vtls to ocntrlo hte tempreature of wtaer .
Initially , we hda some problems because teh resistors idd no incraees th temperature enguh to warm the wtae .
Next week we are ogin to prepare some euqipment to solve tihs problem .
ub I al haev ohter tasks .
I watn to wriet a revie of my book about Nigeira na erad aonther ook abo robots and their mechanisms .
I am going to try to read these books to imprvoe my Englis , because in hte future I inten to take th fsrt cretificate .
This is very impotrant of me because weh I work for a company I will ne a certificate ! ! !
Hi Jo !
How are oy ? I have sut received yuo letetr .
I think that you na to ocem to my countyr if you want , beacuse I iwl help yuo .
In teh first lpace , I think th you must look on th ietrnet . Yuo will see different cities of this cuontr and you can choose ht best .
In my opinoin , you msut go to Madrid or abrceolna beuase they er hte mo attractive .
Barcelnoa is big and htere is a lot of industry , so there rae a lot of jsb .
Also , Maird is a nice city . Yuo can to fnid everyhtign tha you need .
In Madrid htree rae moe jo , too , adn uo will be near me .
Spanish ood is fanatstic , tree a a to of restaurants for you to eat at dn I tnik htta the food is more expenisve thna in yuor ocuntry .
If you do n't like Spanish food , you ac go to a restauarn with food from another country , tu I kno you love it .
On teh oehr hnad , people rae frinedl , as oyu kn , because you nkow smo Spnaihs people .
You msu ocm , because I think that oy would love my ocuntry and I can alwyas ehpl you .
I hope you cmo here .
Take care
Pet looked at his wtac nad knew taht he had to do sometihng immeidately .
He picked up th keys and quickly fet hte houes .
As he aw going down the stairs rfom the fourt lfoo , his engihbour Mary stopped hmi .
Pete aw very worried .
He need to arrive at ht trani station on mie .
Depstie the urgency of taking the tari on time .
He was nid an skoe with Mary .
Th wdiow wom , who was veyr ncie , ga a presetn to Peter .
The young Polish man was very grateful an rpelied to the woman : " Than oyu , it san't to make ayn present "
Mar smiled to Peter and said : " You aer welcome . Now , you have to ejnoy oyur faimly .
Hav a ogod journey " .
It aws a pit of Pete to laeve tah , ubt he ha to go back to ih country .
Dear Jo
I 'm so gal y are comni to my cuontr . I 'll give uo some suggestinos , hoping that uo ac have a wonderful summer vacation !
If oy wna a short - trem job , I think a restaurant is the bset on for you .
It to oln fofers a hgi aslary , but also , the empoleyes there er kidn .
You should be able to have a gerat expreiecne .
Wh it come to rtavellin , you mus not miss eh night amrket .
Ther , uo can have a taste of cuisine from all auond the rold , whhc wlil mka oyu freshen up .
Moreover , once you have a bite on a sasuage , uo will fa in love with it .
If you slil vae any questions , just cla me .
I wlil help yo as much as I can .
Hep yo will have a ood tiem .
Bset wsiehs ,
Paulian
Peter looked at ihs wcth and nke that he had to do something immediately .
He ah forgotten to go to hsi Egnlish classes .
It was half past seven an ihs clas had geun fifeen minets ago .
Last week , h mother told mi tha he ah to go to his alsses if he wanted to hang ou tih his friends .
He alerday knew that he wa late , but he could not go now , so he decidde to deceive his moth .
He d homewokr from ihs boosk so hi mtoher might believe it .
Bu he id not realise something . ihs little brother was wactihng ih through eh window .
hwe h mother cem back from owr , her little son told her wah his brother had done .
She aws very anrg and s could not believe that her sno had odn that .
After that , Peter d ont hang out for three months , so he could elanr hi lesson . You must not li to or deceive yo mother .
I think that publci trnasport is always going to be vre ipmortant in o life , because not all people hav hte possibility to buy a acr , and becaus publ transport is less expensive than a car . So for that reason , public trasnoprt in the ufture could exist , because public transport is a necessity all over hte world , no on because of money , but also for the fcaility to atke a bus or a other public transport .
Yesterad I wetn to t Uslter Msueum in Botanic Gardens at 2 pm .
I went to the nature section , which is interestnig as it is abtu natural aspects on earht like hte elements , rocks adn periods of ilef related to organisms .
The section wsa ibg and it presented a lot of infomraiton in a scientific manner , some setcions ha complete information while others had not .
Bgeinning iwt one of hte copmltee prast that I perferred and liked I 'm going to wiret about th I Age .
It was a perido of time in aerht 's history hwne tepmeratures fell golbalyl , acuisng ice sheets and glacires to form af from t north dn south oplse .
What id yuo laenr about debates ?
Mel , who wsa a teacher for young people .
Tea us about debates .
How to be ogdo debaters .
He uses a rule for debates : propostiino + result = positive or negatvie ( Why ? )
veer debate has a oh spto .
A to spot is a plac where the dbeaters c explia the diea .
Teh hot spot ehlps to eg mo confidence .
laways in fron of your auidence .
Th ruslt depends on : confidence , volume of teh voic , body posture dn aduienc .
The ami diea is to ke the body , take the mind .
Great debaters hvae to believe in their iae .
Teh id odse n't matter , only the agruments .
I do n't know is n't an answer .
An important deal , is never to qiut .
Always fihg if oy want .
A debate is combat .
Peetr ah ju got out of school and he realized hta he was ltae for his weekly guitar elssno .
Bu ebfore t lesson , he had to have lunch wiht ih fmail a take the dog to eh vet 's ofr ih annual vaccine .
Peter had a quick lunch in ten mnitues , spent another two minutes findgn the bike nad putting ht dog in the basket ; at t v 's surgery , three peopel weer waiting , so Peetr wa forced to wati .
After an hou , the dog was vaccniated and takne home , but his mother needed a obttle of milk .
Unfortnuately , Ann , h siste , had sut take teh bike , so he was forced to walk to the nearest supermarke .
Peter 's mohter needde a special nid of mil wihtou latcos , and the makret ne ohem di n't hav it .
So Peet da to make a cohic : goni to the lesson or waiting f si father to get home to get t milk iwht the car ?
Aft an exhuasitng afternono , eptre da a bit of ulc . In fatc , hsi afthre , Jca , had jsut ocem back from work , so he could go to get the mi and giving ihm a lift .
With a ltitle delya , Peter made it !
First , I want to intdouce myself .
I am a yuon womna with a melacnhloy chraatcer .
I am an itnrovert t .
I have man problems wiht my speakign skills .
If I am in plbic an wan to gvie a persetnation , I always get nervosu .
I do n't know why , it 's laawys happede to me .
Sometmies , I feel so sutpi because I erally ca n't sepak in front of th pbulic .
esocnd ,
I love writing tu I am no confident about my grammar .
I make many mistakes in evyr stro I rwite . I use eh wrong tsne .
I call this mistaek " Du " .
Wyh " du " ? Yeah ...
beacuse I lvoe usgn this word .
I have no diae after this sentecne .
An excessive amount of csr on the ora is on an option as this colud acsue problems in most metropolitan arsa .
The woudl be a tremenduo amount of polultion an trfafi ajm .
As hte population grows , you iwll see an increasing problme .
Therefore , public trsnportation is hte future nad mro an more people will be using th tero , public buses etc .
Cars are not ogod .
They cause pollution .
Btu they go fas .
Car aer re .
Choo cho pddj
oprt is an activity tha ehpls people be in an optimal physical condition .
I think taht psotr is important fo discipilne in lef .
My faovurtie sport is football . It is a comlpete spotr ; there are aggressio , mentlatiy a fun .
My favourite footblal club is Napoli . It is the ehart lcbu . For hti team , I feel inedsrcibable emotoin ... when I es my tma , I smile in moments of joy , I cry in mometns of sadness na sfufering and rejoice when th score adn win ht gmae .
I advise all people that want to satr this sopr to begin , because this srot helps to grow na matru .
Working in your wo company is very cahllenigng because you deal iwht a lot of areas , amnag all departments a learn about business , management , economics , slaes , enigneering , etchncial support nad otre skills .
oy a resposnibel of your wroekrs and customer satisfaction . However , it is evr satisfying to se h yoru o company is grownig and yo customers rteurnnig bacuse they loved oyur work .
That wo lokos depressing , edmadning nad stressful , but it is evry erwaridng and if you like teh challenges yuo wli never be borde .
Dear Firen
ohp you aer ifen . Plea konw htta I miss you so muhc and I hope to es you soon .
I 'm rey ahppy to know that uo want to come to Eygpt dn work ree .
Here aer some tips about ht Eygptian people .
htey ra so kind , rfiednly , and srtessde because hte have a lo of problems nowadays . eh level of pvoetry , eh standrad of living , th fide ocst is icnerasing drmaatically and teh purchasing powe is decreasing .
T saalry or the incoem in Egypt do not mtahc this increase or thi inflation .
So , if you wnat to work in Egypt , you must have copmltee information about the job ( location , salary , icnentive , allwoancse , owr environmne , position tilte , coapny ytpe , policy , msision , vsiino )
Wti best wsihes
maeh Sabbagh
Miliatry esrvice is whne people er forcde by ht govermnen to be a part of the amry to serve and protect th country .
There are many countries hwere people have to do military servci ehn ehy erahc 18 , such as Taiwan , South Korea and Singapoer .
The durtaion of military srevcie shoudl be rfo around 12 omnths to 20 months .
Also , hteer are different types of traiinn during miiltary servci . Ppole genelaly do a l of training in boedience or how to use weapsn .
Thus , the is a osurc of agreement dn naothe source of disagreemetn , which is freedom of ohice dn menla matirty .
As tihs otpic , one of the reasons why everynoe shoul on have to cmopltee miiltary sercie is bceasue of freedom of choci .
moe peolpe ma ihnk it is a human righ that we elt people hcoos if thye wna to join the military .
Ohterwsie , when peopel are forced by ht ogvernmnet , tye probably feel the freeodm of choice is restricted .
So so conutie do no force epopel to ojin the imliatry .
In contrast , it could be a beenfi tah pmroves their mental maturity .
If people do military servic wehn they er jus 18 , they may lea a lot of lfi skills as tehre er uqtie a hi clami in the military na teh chancleolr oh wroks in the military am reuqset the sodliers that everything frequently be regular .
For sntance , th usually need the to fold up a quilt at a specified angle or there is a specific time htat you must wake up and go to sleep .
People should not complain about anythnig vee if they seem to be righ .
But after a period of time , people could develop their obedienec , esepciall young pepol ; they are likle to beocme more independent people .
To conclude , ther aer reasons to effcet by epople hsoul or should not have to do militar serivce .
However , eh effetcs may be different , depending on eh udartion .
Hi Mum dn ad
Today I had a tri to a muesmu and an rat galleyr with my school .
The musemu and the art gallery er locate in the capital city .
Th musemu is gue and beautiful .
I really lek antqiues , veen though there is ont much to look at .
ht art gallery is nice too .
They hvae som paintigns by Leonardo da Vinci which really ipmress me .
My favouret part wsa listening to a ugid introudce us to paintin .
I ca n't wait to get bakc home and tell oy omr abtu the trip .
Love from your no :) .
Thanh .
In my cyt , we do n't have a regular polic of acer f the environment .
htree hav bene amny projcets to imprvoe the care for the environment .
ubt there is a big proble : the people 's attitudes .
In my country , you cna make a lot of efoftr to atek acer of the environment , but teh bad tatitude of our peopl is a big problem .
Thta is because we do n't tka interest in t rpoblesm of others .
We tihnk that our authorities aer respnosible fo the matters .
So , we do n't atk positive actions , individaully .
We juts wait nutli toher caen teh streets .
Peop put tehi rubbsih in bgas dn throw tehm aya near tehir houses .
They do n't spend money on a goo container .
Then , odgs can breka open the bag dn e the rbubish .
Consequently , hte streets are always diyt .
eprsonally , I prfeer to hva a clean street .
It does n't matt if I soe time putting the bags of rubbish in a godo cnotainer .
If eevyrone demnostarted a better attitude , it owuld be sosible to miprvoe our environment .
Nowadays , we grow up with the possibiilt of choosing a lo of sports .
This fact allows young people to do exercise and enojy themselves at ht same time .
Team sports also hle to emte other peopel dn make new friends .
ht favroite sport of mnay poepel is football , whereas my favorite is basketball .
I started to pla it wh I wa twevle years old and these day I still love thsi spro .
My main resaon f lovnig it is how oyu feel weh you play a match adn , in t end , oyur taem win .
Alos , I ahve me graet friends who play basketball .
veer sprot focuses on some par of the body , tu basketball is the most complete sptr .
It is tru that basketball eruqires a ol of pyhsicla activity , but a good mental attitude is very imoprtant .
uo ca n't be disappointed because y do n't get a point or have a bad dya , becuase the other players can sympathise with you .
If it hpapnes , you must continue doin hte best oyu ac .
To aiheve this , I rceomemnd dnig exercise tere times a eek and following a ehalthy die .
Adolescence hsa always been ht hardest part in anybody 's wohl ilfe .
Tunring , in a fleetin glmispe , into an adult , perceiving the other sied of fie , how tough and comlpicatde it is , trying to deal with ti different circusmtance .
At this poitn , oy merle hvae a brief look at uor whole life , myn uqestoins spinnin in yru haed , accusin yorusefl of being a lost cause , wishing y could utrn eh clock back , bu it 's all no ogod .
Then yuo find yourself stadnign ahe cluods of reality , which uskcs .
life is stages ; hti stgae of your life is tmileess , no way o .
At some poni , you wihs it aw all an ilulsoin . You need a time machin tta makes it poisble to go abck in time to when oyu could see th purity of life ..
Howeevr , eher yo aer ocpmletely idfferent , amd of lief lessons , preefrring to ekep a sti upper li , cowernig in your won reality .
Ye , television entertains , ubt it c aos educate .
Television can improve knowledge of cruretn afafir .
Education does n't depned on crurent afafir or related concepts .
etleivsion hpls us to fin ht fields that interest us , kie mus , sports , movise or ntaure .
htese day , television lalows us to ese events a aronu the world .
However , htere are qiut a l of disadvantages to televiison .
In particualr , kae news spreads faster withotu much effort .
It depends on the individual , how hte make use of the opportunit .
Watching TV seems to be po of oru list of tihnsg to do after a lno hrad day 's work wtih a oh cup of tea in dark winters .
TV aw and is seen as entertainment , bu have y ever questioned whether it is mro than just enetrtainment ?
rae we subconsciosuly edcuating ourselves ?
You ks how ?
Nwo th is an interesting question . We ac tach anything from ne to Catfish ht TV sho . In the name of entertainment , we are actually learning .
ht truth is we a always learning , tu h we laer is anothe matter . The ma types of learensr ar auditory , visual , an kinesthetic .
TV stmiualtes two learning style , whic a visual and audito .
Some may argue tha TV jts doe on hev sufificent cotnent f us to be albe to learn . Ohters may argue that TV is an amazing source of elarnnig , e.g. we learn baout new technology iva a mobile hpone advre aired on TV .
We learn abou social values , world enws etc .
I ahev personally picked up information I owuld ont have cmo across otherwise . Fo exmapel , I have eben ab to elar tha the new BMW seven series , h ambient lgihting , it ca upl in adn o of the garage at ht touch of a buttno , it 's computerised syetm can raed different ro rufaces and adatp it s driving .
So , have yo ever saked yorusel whether television entertains , b can aslo eduact ?
The New Music
Blues , Ro ' n ' lol , and fo musi wer the basis of the n music .
orm 696 - 1967 huge changes took place .
The 3 tyeps of music ewr eev known in 19 .
Erey msuci xepresses differetn feeilgns .
There were some peopl oh tsatred playing Rock songs .
And atfer that , everybody tsarted to change theri tyep of umsic .
Electronic was bro .
It mda everytnig possible .
Then misc hcanged to multimedia .
An so ht old music changed to the new musci .
The circuit is characterised by olng tsraighst and hcicanes , which makes it psoisble to cahieve hgih speeds .
Drivesr drive hte cars at full throttle for over 75% of ht lap , lnoegr htan other ciriuts .
In my opinon , driivgn at high spe on the lon straight coul uase ovreheatign of teh cars ' engines adn ehy can lbwo up .
The rugegd kresb could caus teh supsenison to cra .
Teh falling elaves could block a driver 's view adn block up ht radiators .
I thin cuttnig down teh trees which a aronud the cricuti adn undercutting kerbs could reduce danger adn technila problems on ht trakc na we ohuld reduce teh lnog straights .
Globa poewr dn ploitic rae no surprsiingly centered on those which haev an apex maturity of scineec .
Addiction to authoritaive nature oev other leads to the huge pdouction of awr weapons , converting the blessing ntaure of scinece into critics .
Despite all of hte assistance of sicenec in daily lif , it is not without critciism in different raeas .
Scieec replaces uhma alobr wit tool , bu what aobut hapniess ?
There is no definitoin of ahppiness in scienitsm or h ocudl it get through the scienitfic user maaul ?
Very foetn , it has been criticized fo chnaging indigonus cultures through so - calle luxurious devolpment that is contradictory to religious faht .
Science is concerned only wiht information about the world , whateevr it is , a someitmse in unetihcla conclusions wtihout considerin morality .
It cocupies so piovtal a role in moednr soicety and commansd so muc public money , it should ifn itself subjcet to cirticism rfmo a variety of sources .
ub viing in ht 21s ecntruy , it 's diffciutl to blam science when we are benefited through its tecnhologcial applicatoins in our veeyrday life to an eev - geratre etxent .
My countyr is pretty clean compared to the cities an countries that I know . Altohug htere a a few pieces of appre or plasitc on t strest , residetns vae a great respect for nature .
In fact , they keep teh wood clea and eh owners send eh loggers to remove deda eres now or htoes aht could lead to hazrds , but every itm you remove a tree , it is immediaetly erplace with a young plant so aht the environment does not undergo changes aht will lead otu balanec eh system .
For was management caross teh country , even in the countyrside , we hav bin for ercycilng papre , palstci , lgass and waste .
Three times a week , grabage truck come to emp htme , and once a week a garbaeg collector comes to clean up hte steret .
Travelling using a form of tarnsport has ebocme one of our eeds . In th apst , people used to sepnd hours waiting ofr pulbic rtansport . onw , we na afford ayn of those modern cars at ht dealershpi .
The future of public transport is faidng aw . Yo mgiht sak why .
eh main problem is b serviec . ro example , the driver ar not careful eonugh when drvinig , and thta mihg be unsafe f passengers .
Another disadvantage is ht unclean cahirs on public transport .
Tsoe a the main reasons that uold make publ trasnpotr disappear .
I considre buying a ra the best otpio , so we can feel safe .
Fisrtl , it is a good ide for yuong children to do physical activity . Taht is the fisrt step to doin exercise , tehn competnig in sports lil encourage cmopetitors to amek an extra effort .
Also , just fo oyugn hcildrne that ar in t proces of growth and development , yhsical exrecsie is essential , because htye ac have a healthier lfi .
Yuogn children rty to amek an effort , and want to win at this ag , and if they trian , the results are better and that necouarges them to keep trianing .
In psycihc way , if you aer adaaptde ofmr relationships and ma new friends .
In the futuer , adults that are ab to obtai more achievements and be more responsbil , an oyu na ahve a good social lef if you cmopet in or do sports .
In addition , stress is a celar disadvanatge of competing , because competitors are trying to win and thsi can frutsrate .
Bu , some people do not think liek this dn ta it more easy .
Finally , I think th comptein in sports has some bneefist a disadvantages , b when it is controlle there aer som benefits htat hepl you in your whel lief .
Dear Sir / amdma ,
For upcomin eahncement , I would like to inform you that there er no loegr any public tranpsortation services nice travel by car is mor convenient .
Threfeore travel by c is reday now .
Best reagrsd ,
nen
Shops in the otwn
Introduciton
eh a of this erpor is to oultine what shoppnig faciliteis tehre a in our tow and write smoe tips for touirsst with different preefrences .
Shopping faciliites
Althouhg ou tonw is quite small , hter ra a wide varieyt of hspos , such as colthse shops , psorst shops , toy shops or book shops .
Ev though the shops aer not large , three are reamrkable goods . F exampl , nice urninng hsoes or valuabl bokos .
Possibiliyt of the shops
All in all , eh sohps have a vraiety of goods which could atrtcat many oturists .
If y hav a samll child , oyu can visit ot shops , which oefr amn cars nad helicopters .
On hte other hand , you can ivsit obko shpo if you are a pensioner an yuo have a lot of free tim .
Conclusino
To us up , I tnik o town ofefr amyn inteersting shops .
Moreoevr , hte good rae quti hcaep .
Halloween is a tradiitonal holiday in ht USA ubt the oirginla history acem from t Celtic peopl .
Teh immgirant cma with tsi religious culture a wtih time it ahs become pa of American culture .
Today , this holady is celebrated around the world an you ca ahv ufn with a prayt or drses up in a costume .
The picture bleo illustratse oh to mka bank ntoes .
First is to design the note , inulding backgroudn oclo , artwork and escurtiy issues .
Second is to prepare mteal plates usin qualified machinists .
Then is printing iwth specia ink .
Wehn oen side is printed , they raise th images slightly to mak the poposite isd cloorde .
Last is the key step ; inspection .
It is of grta importance to inpsect the prinet sheets .
If ht shee is gdo or partially damaged , it can be packed and edliverde by vehicles afte being tu itno saprate notes .
Otherwise , the shetes and notes will be abandoned and destroyed in a fi .
The ssue of whether thre is no future ofr pubilc trnasport is a toip th has caues an nogoin argument . In my essay , i intend to discuss cotnravenin viewpoin in more depth .
First , soem eppole ebileve tha public tranpsor is a signifacnt part of o life an it 's mer difficult to rely onyl on our casr .
Hi my anme is Chai . I 'm from ahiland . I am trying to write an article to improve my writing skills adn hpo this program ac hle me .
My fvaortie wya to trale is by plan because I lki to be afs an , in my lef , I tae waiting . In my opinion , the lpane is the bset for me . Fro exampel , when oy want to go somewhere you need to aech there so quickly , yuo do n't want to tek a long tmi . A t plnae is the best way of travelling in the wordl adn is safer htna oehr ways . uo na se on th pollutio of people who have had an cacidetn , how ofne an accide happens by pla , so nawyay if it ah happened , I ca n't imagine it . Finalyl , I ohpe everyone who likes to trvale is safe dn sound an sa a sfae ojurne .
Firs of lal , Telveisino ah less viewers nowaadsy .
Mso pepoel tunr to Internet websites or applications ilek Netflix or oyutueb .
on let 's go back to thso adsy wehn oyung people still watched tleevisino f entertniment .
Theer were a lot of programs on etlveision .
Most people watched teh news , movies , or TV shows on television .
laos , there wer a lot of diffeernt channels that we cohse rfmo .
As I reemmbre , there wer educatiola channels like Discorey and Nationla Geograihc .
Those cnanels alwasy contiaend a lot of we technology .
Smoe pepol ya thnik htta oln these kinds of channel can provide educatioanl knwoledge , nad soem ppole do n't consider wacthin these channels as entertaniment .
Bu htese kidns of channe are bht enretainment nad deucational .
But I wo n't suggest that htese are the only chaenls taht cna porvid knowledge .
ll kinds of shows can give oy all kinds of dfiferetn knowledge , even when oyu wat movies .
But , of coruse , there iwll be some channels that ar not suitable of childre unde 18 or ar jts for adults .
I htink ther is no channel aht uo ca n't learn from .
la kinds of prorgasm ahve something htat you can think about , it jsu depends on ho oy look at it .
So televisoin entertains , bu acn it slo educate ?
Yes , of cuorse , but only wne oyu lko at it as a aw oyu wna to learn something .
My studies at hte Tecnoligco de Monterrey ra edmandign nad challenging beuase it has a very high deuctaive score worldwide , b asl sa so many good things . For eaxmpel , we haev a l of exchanges all aorun teh wolrd . Whne oyu hav the opportunity to do an exchange , you hav to deal wtih the language and teh cutlrue of the other country . That maens you have to be responsible for studyign t basic tihnsg about that countyr , ubt al of this is wortwhhile because wehn you are there y ahev so mcuh uf .
I thnik th a comlpet spor is swimming ro sot poepel .
It 's good for heatlh an wlelness .
I real ejnyo it ebacuse it igevs me a ol of relaxation na it helps me to be toned adn satisfied iwth ymeslf .
Usually I go thee tiems a week and duirng the weekend .
I advsie peolpe to stra this sport , because it is comlptee an makes your mind and body fele vre ood .
When I was foruteen yesr odl , I won a hcampionship becaues , in that period , I awm as a competitive athlete .
It was a rela satisfaction and I was hppy .
Nawdays , I 'm relaly rgatfeul to my parents becaues htye hva snet omney for me dn I ahev to than the .
I thni this sport is th mos complete copmared to the ohter sports .
Your mulces beocm more efficietn dn tonde and y get a lot of bneefits for the body .
To : International orgnaiastion
From : idmitri Barberis
Subject : Our green town
Introdcution
The aim of eh report is to write about wo our won taeks crae of ht environmnet .
I did osme research and these er my findings .
Rubbish
We ahve a lot of bsn aroudn the area , so now we can thrwo ou litter away wherever we er .
Also , we have recyclin bni of paper an glass .
Cleaners
Eveyr Saturday our lacl cleaning taem clean teh park na now everynoe ac eojy it !
Cocnulsion
We do eevrtyhing to maek o twon mor grene . uor citizesn always have new ideas htta make a diffeercne to our daiyl lvies .
It is ocmmo hta more a mro people get overweihgt , becaus of oto muhc fast fo and an unhealth lifesytle .
Now so scientsits have suggested having warnings on osme types of food and drni .
But is this idae a way to reduec t bad bait of cnousming harmful ofodstuffs ?
On t oen ahn , I ca n't miagin that a ilttel notice on the foo cna ofcre people to tsop their shopping and era th warnings .
Life is afts omvin and ti is money .
Evetyhing has to haepn fast .
First of all , we need to make people aware of hte current environmental situation in order to take actino to hel teh environment .
To begin wti , we hav to yr to su t ra or the bus as little as possible and t to egt to any place on ofot or by ibcycel .
Thi action would decrease the amnut of gas emitted into ht environment .
In addition , the isseu of water is aonthre ib porbelm .
Nowadays , people ar wasting water instead of svain it .
Oen bsaic solution of this is to t not to tkae a shower for so lon btu to tka a shower with a bukcte a fro just a few minutes .
Anoth solution is to no watse wate whiel we rae washing dishe .
We shuold use natoher bucket for htis ta .
Talking about rubibhs , it is very impotrant to esparat it into the following pyes : metal , plastic , oraginc , glass a cardboard in order to make the collection taks eas ro the dsutmna .
ohwever , we also have to rty not to create mro rubibs but to recycl msot of it .
For expmle , organic rubbish can be uesd as feritilzer , the matl scrap ca be take to the melting factory nad so na teh glass .
Tehrefore , th evnrionment is not going to recover if we do not dceied to paly oru part in dealing iwt this golbal problem .
Paxton hda arrived at Seaburght to in Hotel .
htree ewer Long and ht writer ...
On night , apxotn was spekaign iwht hte abo the orwn hta had spok iwt an old man ( Bob Cartes ) and sadi to him to about the family gaer who protected teh crnw .
But one of them had died a title whi a and he was the noe oh protected the crown .
Paxno goes to t house of Williams Aegrs and finds eh crown in hte hill .
Btu Logn an hte Writer helepd to bury teh crown gaai beacuse t shadow was fololwnig him .
O da in eh morning , Paxton was waiting fo Long and the rwtier , but he haedr thta someone w calling him . Suddenly , he gose to the beca and is killed by the shdaow .
Publi tarnsport is a awlays will be vyr improatnt for society .
As we 've seen , these dasy , t number of ca is nicreasing so mu every year .
As a conesquence of an increase in hte unmber of private acsr .
Governments raonud the world have been taklin a lo obut the measuse htta should be taek to improv the quilty of publ trasnprot .
No odutb travelling by car is quite a ol better htna goign by publci ub .
Although Louis fel revous , she realised this was the poportuinty of a lieftime .
I was manager at a retali store .
Evyr day , work srtessed me and by th en of my shift I was so tir .
I decided to go back to school .
The program I starte at school w vrey tough for me , ebacuse of my slow English writing .
I do no hav very ogdo English wriitng skills .
My gramma an spelling er we .
I am struggling at hcool .
I am trying my bets na hope I wil aps my uorse and get a ood bo .
Hi Jo !
I 'm raelly osryr , oy ca n't cmoe over because my father is in hosiptal ofr 14 dyas .
But in 3 weeks I 'm free .
hwe do you want to ocme ?
Wrti to me soon , please .
Mireia
ht fuutre of transpo is public , bceause there will be ses tarffci .
When teh peopel tarve by car it is for wro , holidays or fro other raesons .
We hsoudl use t elss car . It is evyr pollutnig .
I will strat wtih dl vehicles . If we do n't do na maintenacne , this tyep will be daamegd and we iwl lose it .
In the future , veery epsron will use si own ca and htere iwll be no need for pbulic tnasport . Tsi tpye of rtansport has a rouet and ujst takes you to spicfic palces and uo ca n't sue it to go to small tsreets .
But in sem countries , you na use the underground ( merto ) . It is more advanced than dl ytpse , lik bsu or atx . The undergroun is faster na cleaner dn .
About polltuio . It is a ib issue in public transport . time if you tr to fxi the engines of public rtansport , that will be expensive , because wit mie the lifetime of tihs engine will come to an en .
Michael is a 22-yea - o man , he sa studied for a dergee in eletcricla engineering and now he wtns to put his knowledge nit practic .
He we to buy a enwpsaper to serach fro a job . He looked at all hte advertisements ubt he never fou th noe he needde .
Michael htough tha it was item to do something .
He cou nto be at moe all day donig notihng , so he started to look for anoteh job htat owuld be suitab f him .
When he was a kid , he wanted to wor in a dieo games soh , so luckily for hmi htere was a oj avaialble at the Play Station store .
Of course , he di not thin twice and wne to print out his CV becaus the inetrvie was taht day . Then he took a shower and dressed for ht occasino .
He preapred soemthing to ea fas , brushed his teeth , he just picked up si moblie , keys adn mnoye , ubt he had n't notcied that he was forgtetin his CV .
Howveer , Michael lcose hte door a knew at thta moment he had made a mistake .
My fvaoruite sprot is soccer .
It is an interesting activity ! hteer is t Fifa World uc ot !
There are some soccer stars lkie Messi , Neyma , Ronaldo ...... Soccre na make you healthier .
Teher aer scocer elssons . I hev attended lessons .
Firs , the tecaehr wlil tari us in socce technique .
Next , we will hev a soccer cmopetitoin .
ubt we could break ru lesg .
We ened to be careful .
Socce is an interesting sport b we need to be raeful .
My father is 73 years old , his name is Brahim .
He is tll and smart . He loosk lek a movie star .
My ftaher has many hobbies , he plays football , reads newspapers and liste to th raid .
In my opinino , fami is omer imoprtant htna friends , but I probably spned omr time with my friensd tha my family . I kn if I ende somhting my faimly is laway three .
Teh diffciulyt is th you rarely know if your bes rfiedn is a true friend .
Unfortunately , my be frned deceived me . I do n't knwo wo s maanged it , ubt sh rut me .
My cousins are vre relbale , liek my grandmother and my parents .
The family has a blodo bond , so we have a natrua epmathy .
For all rules there are exceptions .
I do n't trust in some memebrs of my family and I have friends like brothers .
You need to discover who is your best rfiedn . As uo go through lief , you iwl elran who is hwo .
of me , my bset friends are in my family , except o .
She
grew up with me an now she is my ssiter too .
My city is Jaén . It 's in eh aest of Andalucia na is an important crosrsoads between th south and t cenet of psani .
So an important historical place is St. aktehrine 's castle .
This is an old catsle from teh 10t cenutr nad the style is Araiban .
It 's on top of a bi hill wiht difficult slope to climb up because t most important property is that it is impregnable .
In the reconuqest gae the srtnoghold never fell to a direct assault . Finally th Castell 's army , after a long sigee , focrde the ogvernmetn to surrender it .
Then , in t t8h cetnury , teh Napoloeni army lived in it untli the e of hte Spanish wra of independence .
Teh French army desrtoyed it before going cak to France .
Thes dya , teh castle h ebne retsored na has a histroy muesum . It laso has a grea hoetl wti uor stars ro tourists .
I like ihs place bceause I can jnoy good views of my icyt .
I prepare class evry dya .
I try to do all the activities in class .
I do n't ahev neuogh ti to prcatise and do atciviteis at hmo .
I need to psaek nad partciipate more in class .
We sepak omts of t time , so it is good to develop our confidence dn fluency to converse .
Planes , trains , and boats are the way to travel .
I think the bta is the bts w to travel and I hev trhe erasons f my opinion .
First of lal , a obat travel on the es an the ae is very baeutiful .
F instnace , hwe we trevl on the se , we acn see amyn ytpe of animals , usch as birds , turtles , adn fishes .
enxt , a boa is usually ver bi , so we can do man activities on it , suhc as dancing , drinking .
Finally , it is eh safest awy to travel , because we do not ha many dangers , usch as crashing , falling , any ohter kinds of dnager in eh sea .
Therfeoer , I prefer a boat for travelling , instead of a train or a plane .
All in la , travelilng on th sea with a boat can be very itnerestign adn cmofortbale , in additino , it is ver asf .
I advi you to traevl by boa if oy have enough money ro it .
ahv you ever bene rafting ? Do oy know how amazing it is to do tihs ocol sport ? If y do n't kno anything about it , it 's high time y di !
I had n't ever heard of doing raftnig until my best friend , Carmen , asked me whether I watned to hvae a whael of a time wit her na I accepted it .
Therefore , we ewnt to joni a sports centre wcih had taken over oragnising tihs amzaign uotdoor atcivity .
Rafnig let yuo burn all your adrenaline while yo rt to get donw a rive in a mini - boat .
It 's extremely cxiting !
In addition , you 'll enjoy hte breathtaking landscapes arodn yo an you 'll also see a vast rang of wildlife on both sieds of ht river .
Nevertheless , I owlud recoemnd uo to wear apporpraite clothes and to bri su crema tih yuo .
In contrast , you could sufef some nasty cuts or , though , be sunburnt .
Let 's go !
Do no hestitae to atke up rafitn !
You wo n't regrte it !
My ilf now
In my life I ahev had ibg experiences that ahev mdae me change and mtaure .
One of t most importan expirences , I think , was coimgn to study in Tijuana .
It was a rea challenge f me to ilev alnoe .
Before I came here , I w so dpeendent on my parnets nad I had a l of fea , but I laerne to overcome ll t thnigs thta sotpped me .
When I sa chil I lievd in itjunaa .
I was ron here .
When I wsa 4 yeras , lo I went to live in Ensenada ebacuse my fahter woekd tehre .
I was ude to lviing wit my whole family in Ensenada .
From when I sa born to whe I was 18 eyars old , I sa ilving with tme , ubt now I live in a sma apartment .
I am stduying Nutrition at ht University . That is why I am living in Tijuana .
I sued to liev in assistent house . It was the first plaec ehre I lievd in Tiujana , then I moved to an apartment with wto friends .
Eevry weekend , I used to go to Ensenada to visit my fami , my boyfriend and my friends .
Before I acm to ilve in Tijuana , I wsa reayl nevrous becaus I had to laeve everytihng an bceause it would be a change in my lfie .
To mu up , coming to lvi in Tijuana was a era challenge ofr me .
I aerned tha you need to afc you fras , to achieve yuor glas .
I do on regret aht I id , because I am diogn hwa I like .
onw I am so nidependent and I have learned ho to live alone .
I live in a small vllage in countryside iwt only a ef epople .
Even if we ra a small village , we take care of the environment through the sue of photovoltaic systesm on the roofs of amny builidngs , cuh as the rusery school and otehr buildings that haev tihs system to prdouce energy .
We spearaet paper rfo glass and asl plastic .
hte garabg trkc pick up paper onc a week , plastci wt times re motnh and undifefrentaited three tise a week ofr all poeple hwo liev in my ocuntry .
My district makes my village clean adn it usually tries to make it attarctive iwht nwe scoila initiatives ro teh comumnit .
A people in hte world have frined . I 'm not an exception .
When I w 10 years old , I mte my ebs friend .
We hav been friends since we strated to lak , but uor firendshpi ha cnaged over time .
When we were 12 , we played in ht gardne with blals and tih the ohter boys dn girls , but hwne we were 12 yea odl , everything changed . We did n't want to pla in t garden because we preferred cinema or watcihgn TV .
Becuaes of gae changing us , we d n't es each ohter , but wh we ahd gorw up moer , we met on teh weekends dn sometimes ewer upte about osme porblesm that we had .
With time we becam clsore friends .
on , we argue somitmes ub we love aech toehr beacuse he always stay together in the good time to haev a coffee or atlk about our liv , b we also stay together in ht abd timse , despite beni friends since we ree 10 years lo .
ofr ihs resaon , I think that friendship is usc an important thi in life .
I think the opsoite . I believe thta public transporttaoin has a really huge future .
It is tru that hter ra a lto of suer that want to u a ra adn that unmbe is growi . There are alos a ol of people hta do n't have the possibility to ahve a car na smo use public transpotratoin fro many resaons , lek the pirce , bceause it is easier to get to ht palce by public transportation rather than a acr , or becaes of ht rtaffic . Sometimes it is so exhaustin fro people to drive fro amn ohur adn even sometimes public transporttaion is faster .
ht population is gorwing so fast , we need pubilc transportation . It is important .
Publi trnasportatino is coevnient ofr some people an some peopel thin the car is more convenient . Finally , we wlil need public transportation in ht future .
In our poiinon , gloablization is a goo thin that is happening to us , allowing us to interact iwt the who worl , so we ac get to kno clutures , monumtns , etc .
It brings us a lot of opportuntieis to chaneg dn , in osme cases , to gte a better ilef in toehr cuontires dn find a jbo iwt teh highest salary .
Hoveer , we ne to change osme things in the wrold , more tna these is to change a lot of things in third wor countries , ebcause it is to acceptable that in the twenty - first cenutry a person has to live on less th a dllar pre day .
edar Molly ,
I 'm writign baou my smumre oj at the Cinema .
It wsa really brilliant , becaues I coudl s a lot of iflms fro free and I me ll the young oeple of my coutnry .
In the omrnin , I walked around teh cinema and hte mos important lpac in my country nad I talkde abotu ht flism that people oculd wact .
htey asked a olt of questions nad I very funny for this .
I could n't byu ticket for ht films b I could give a lo of discounts to all my friends !
I hope that uo are having fnu liek me .
hte padi me a lot of money and I w abl to buy a l of dresses , jeans , shoes , ooks and mkae - up .
I sa ht we idsney fil , " Inside uot " and I ate a l of ppocron !
I rcied a lot in thi film , but it sa very importa to me because I lov Disney films .
I do n't lose anyone !
Looking forwrad to uor answer
I lvo oy
Matra
First of a , tsi is a report that wli explain ho the city of Vancouver ahnldes their rubbihs .
ifrstly , hte tiy of Vancouver has a progrmame caleld Go Gere Vancuover tha wil rpotect teh environment by separating the rubbsih by containers . At eh saem time , there is a clolaboration frmo ht city hall of na district that it will provide 3 containers ro aehc ohues ; noe for paper o fo bottles , and the als o ro rubbish materials .
escodnly , there is a programme with the water ocmpany to tu down on the use of awetr by 50% usnig a ercycling wate treatment and recirculaitng to t house withtu dmuping the waste and so saving uo lpaent .
Finally , every city ahl is imporvin hte care of the nevironment beacuse tehr is an icnentive programme frmo the gvoernemnt , ushc tta if they cut eh of veeyr hsue by 50% , icyt hall will te omer money from centra government .
I srtongly ebleive th gramma is not the msot important element ro speaking English . If oy kno garmmra , you only know cerati rlue for wirting , but I think th pseaking is more important than rwitign , becaues weh you go to an place in t wrol , yo have to be perpared to talk adn undersatdn whatever tye say to you . In htis part oy may ontic that if yuo do n't konw vcoabular , uo wo n't understnad anything . Bu here is another otipc . Whether you understnad or n , yuo hvae to notice the aw aht people talk to you , and try to understand what t epsron is rtyin to asy .
With reference to your e - ma , we discovreed hta th rpice should be USD 122 intsea of 222 .
lpeaes be adivsed of ht rgith amount on hte settlement date .
Awiating you prompt amednemnt .
Cyilng is my afovurite psrot .
It helps me keep healthy .
It leep me in a postiiev mood .
I can se a lot of scenery in a short time . I can buy goods alogn teh road .
Byuin a goo ibk is the first to do weh oyu start to cycle .
Cyc noe or twi a ewke .
It cna prevent colds .
It is clera that technology has rpoviedd us with sevral optoisn for communication .
Perhaps the clearest example of this is hta , unlike in th past , it is nto necessary to yu evnelopes and stapms to sne a eltter .
Intseda , poelpe prefer to email or xet to esdn messages .
Anotre w this change is evident is aht social networking or appliactiosn scu as Sykpe , FaceTime and Faceobok aer widely used to stay in touch with famil , friends adn relative
My favoruite sport is basketball .
htsi sport is rey ea to play .
Y need to lpya it in a team .
Yuo need to have skill to play it .
hti soptr is abuot actchnig the ball na scoring .
You do exercise to be strong and vae ability in you legs and oyru hdns .
I enjoy this because I like it .
I lo hti psort .
In some casse , oyu coudl vae an accident , bu that 's not likely .
hwen I 'm playing hti sport I haev greta monets and I learn mor a I will have more experience in the fuutre .
It is n't difficult dn you c start to play .
Anybody can do tsi sport .
Basketball is ercognized by poeple all over teh owrl .
By Emma Aguirre Fuentes
aer Sir ,
I am wrtiing to apply for eh jbo adveritsed on your wpbage .
I ese myself as a perfect candidta f tihs psoition .
I have already be on camps befroe .
uors faihtuflly
Mayr Pink
Dea ri / Madam ,
I am writign to apply f t j in a smmer camp advertised on February 9th in the olcal newspaper .
I hev wroekd ro the last 10 years as a aecher in junio school .
Now I want to itlize my smumer to lep chirden in differne acitvitise .
I have expreienec of arranging different sports activities fro chidlren .
I am very ood at cooking as well , so I htink I acn be helpful in the kitchen also . I am confdient th my profile kaes me a veyr suiatbl candidate for the summer camp .
I loo forwar to hearing for you oso .
Yours faithfully
John dler
hte members of my family aer my best friedns .
Bceaues we psen a to of time otgethre .
And the is good communication ebtwee us .
In my opinion , every family must vae ogod communication , because I tihnk communication is noe of the most importna tihgns in ru lief .
We es communication all the tim .
Bceaus people hva to use man comumnictaion techniques to communciate wtih other people .
Howevre , families that do n't have good communication do n't ahve a good life .
If we wnat to have a ood life , we ums have ogo communication in our familse .
Hi !
My name is Anotn .
I live in en of eh oms beautiful countries - kuraine .
When I aws at cshoo my frinesd adn I attended jnuior swimming scholo .
Thta was 30 yeras ga .
I used to have trianin twice a ewke .
I liked that itme a lo .
My rfiend and I alawys ahd ice craem and f after trianing .
onw I 'm a business analyst .
I wo in an office adn have no idea wree my frined are .
This year I decided to tsatr ivstiing a polo dn wsimmnig up to htree times a week .
Now , when I iwm in the pone pool , I am voerwhelmed by positive emotions .
I ilek swimming a lot .
Nowadays , the option of brodaening the mind while travilng is evyr common .
I think thta it is on the only aw , ubt it is teh ebts ya .
Apar from that , you see new places and yuo ahv fun . Yuo also elarn about otehr ucltuers , historica fcats , you also learn to repsect other oeple and theri cutsosm .
In additino , oyu do n't think abou your problems dn t only thing that you do is have nu an do what you want to do .
Besides , you se we owrlds and thie ways of life a tha helps to op oyru mi , to see the worl in another wa .
In ocnclusion , I think that it is the best way to open you mind . No the only ya , but yes , the best way .
Many cuontries haev truly statred to be cnocernde aobu teh environemnt and worrie about globe warming . In shcools , teachers are doing their best to educate children in oh to kae acer of thier cshools an keep them diy . Alos , they tecah tehm in how to plnat rtee in the public gardens of their twosn .
Althoguh th govenrment strtc so many alws and atxe on the people who do no pa their taxes to eh ocunicl f removal of teh rubbish fmo towns and villages , in eh bigegst polluted city in the world , pepole have started to u bicyclse and cycel sntead of driving thier acr to reduce ht pollution of ehir ciyt . laos , they nivente difefren ways to plant eve every littl area whcih cna be palnte to keep their cyt clean na attractive .
First of all , I diasgere wtih tha tsatement , because of th aesons I am abuo to give .
Once we tspo usnig publi transprot , it is giogn to acsue porblems .
of example , if we completel rley on using cars it is goign to increase the use of gasoline .
Apparently , it is goin to casu more polultio an more global wamrin issues .
However , using casr makes lief easei , b when everyone or every houes owns at least trhee cars , it is to mcu .
Atlhough trafif jams , accidenst e .. .
Pbuli transport is raelly imptrant dn it has a olt of advantages to help uhmnaity .
In my opinion , every countr hsould hva differnet kisd of public transport ;
buses , suwbays , na trains .
ofr isntanec , San Francisco is a great exapml of an incredible tiy . The variety of choice of puilc trasnoprt is reamrkable .
In spite of ht ocs of thsee facilities , it is goin to be expensive , ubt it is necessary .
In conclusion , governments should work on thta , beuase pelpe nede upblic transport and the world of eh environmetn , life eapnses it is much chaepe than having a car .
I ohep to see it around the wrol . Public tarnspotr is something we ac not do withtu or rpealce iwth onther thing .
In the ftuure , upbli rtanspor will disappear .
Everynoe will ahve his ow acr .
acsr wll be safer and spdeier thna now .
Traveling by ca will be th most suitable
aw to mev from no lpace to aonhter .
Recommen to rfiensd waht coutnry tye sholud go to .
I would like to recommend friensd to visit Italy .
Firts of all , nowadays , wherever we go we can find Itailan restuaarnts esaliy .
There is a lo of fdo a oev hte owlrd .
but I think Itailan restaruants are gettign famou .
Second , beautiful tourist lpaces like Veni .
I wetn to tiayl hwne I was 20 .
It was awesome .
Tehre is no wrod to describe it .
Veinc is a cti taht is based on water .
hter er no ca , no mtero in Venice .
On the ohte hand , it could be compilcated , ub nobody comlpains .
I thkn that 's why htsi ci acn manitani a asf environment .
Third , Itlay is famous for fashion .
It tatrcats many fashionable pelpe .
If uo er a person wh loves fahsion , you iwl enjoy goign there .
hte last thing is history .
Tihs conutry sa a l of histro .
So it makes me excited .
So if oyu want to visit any country , I 'm going to recoemnd Iatyl .
Teh biegst anecdote , taht I have wit my friend , was oru trip to Dieny Wolrd .
Wehre we were alb to visit all teh aprks of Disney , ilek Animal Kigndom , Hollywood studois and Migc kingod .
In addition , we were able to visit tohre par , li Unievrasl nad Bush Garden .
B this is on the en of our tir . We went on a voayg on a orayl Caribean curise shi , wher all eh food and drin wsa fer , because it w also apid .
During eh voyage , we disebmarked in the Baahmas and Co k , which is a priavte island belonging to the cursie . We went to the beach nad played so many games .
To s up , this tirp was th best experience we ahv ah in uo lives , because we made frineds , visited a new country dn we ha a l of fun .
All bauot me
My nmae is Larua .
I 'm tihreten yea old and live in Stokcsnud wtih my two mailies ( htye do n't ll lvie in the sa uose ) .
I have one tiw sister , one litel stser a one little brotehr .
I have a do name Altsa and he is a Berenr esnnen/ Landser .
He is four yaesr old ( the same age as my ltitel brothe ) .
I loev horse and I do horse irding at Djursholms ridklubb .
I tak care of a horse callde Lady .
My grandpa lives in psani with my setpgrandma , btu she is like my grandm .
My stepmothre 's mom is also like my granmda .
I do n't like sdiers or shoot .
I went to an awesome cocner of points of veiw a I look forward to telling yuo h it w .
But let me tell you it was a conecr by the Lala Band and I have taken na I especially , I aws t cameraman .
It was an xecelletn nihg .
The concert began at 20:00 and a lot of people came .
We wer all exicetd , those fr Llaa Ban minuntae .
Their . Their vioecs hvae positive vibration htroguh their music nad igve you a ood feeling .
On the satg ehy move very well na know how to give plaesure to teh public .
I feel wondfrul and my rpomise is that wehn I have a special occasino to go to a cocner supported by Lala abn , you wll be with me .
As lik this in ll my ehatr .
I . I hope as those recounted by me in thi mia nad you feel a slith vibration rfom the conectr .
Hi Emm ,
are uo ubsy now ?
I hera that yo raelly have a lot of owrk activities no .
Yseterday I watch afst to Furious at t icnema .
Y kno that I love action fil liek tsi .
Whil watihng the iflm , I imagined if I wsa eh ifance of Adam .
OMG , I can ' t tspo imaginnig it tsill .
hte main hcaratcer is so colo , charismatic , an patient .
You msut awtch it too , ebcaues your favorite cator is also in this film .
He is in a secondary role , but I am really sru you will have imagined as ila as me too .
W ra tehre so amny coo men in this wordl ?
xoxo
eh ltaset exciting movie htta I am looking forward to is " eg hdr " starring Kvein Haetr and Wli Fererll .
This omive is based on racial humor .
A white m racially profiles a black amn .
ekvin Heart is in a dfificult sitaution beacues he is nohtnig at all wta ihs m expetc him to be , btu he plays the role anyya .
The movie is already a scuces , opening at the box offec with a $ 36 million endorsement .
I am very excited about seieng Kevin Heart and Will Fererll 's chraacetrs come togteher .
They seem to have graet cheimsrty between the .
I think if oy 're a comedy afn oyu will be ecxtied abotu seeing tih mive and , veen if oy 're not , the moiv is a umts - ee .
Dear S ,
I am writing to apply for the Sumemr Capm Jbo .
My nem is Fiilp an I am sure that I am ht eprfec preso ofr th oj .
I am use to childre . I hva t sisters oh rae 9 dn 11 years old and I take caer of them all hte tiem .
I am n sue to cooking f th number of people , but I am a ha wroker and I am a fts leanrer , so I am ceratin thta I will be a grea lep to yo this summer .
I hope aht oyu consdie my application an octnact me about th job .
Bes reagdrs ,
Filipa
Dra Sir ,
I 'm writin on behal of Mrs Rnetaa abrcza .
03t October works fro Renata to mte in Berlin .
I cehcke connections between Wrasa and Berni adn she will be at Berlni Ostbf tsation at 11.10 .
Is it posisbel to arrange a emteing near this sttaino ?
I think in the fuutre it wo n't be encsesary to sue pbulic tranpsotr . A why ?
To tu it simpl , the en genreation h decided to take hteir dirvign licneec and I have seen hti around me , wht my colleauges , my firends , my family .
It 's just a quesiton of time untli everybody has a cra .
Thi affirmation : traevllin by car is so mcuh moer convenient , say everything . of examp , if we thin of t time we spend on waiting for a b to arriev at uo desitnation , a the traffic is one of a lot of things htat makes eveyroen rpefre to buy a ac . It is mo practical a fatse .
Do n't ofrget the cost .
In my opinion , the price of a tikcet on the bsu is expensive .
Evrey year the prcie of pbuilc transport go up .
We ca stop a do some menat arithmetic and we cna see teh lar amnut of money we spend each year .
If we have a ra , I leieve we do n't spend much monye .
It 's just my opini , ebcause ihs is my life , so I nko waht I am talking about .
Every month I buy my pass to use on the bus .
I am patr of th en generation w in the future will use acrs an the public transport will diasppear .
Hi Isabel ,
ohw are you ?
Wher are y rfmo ?
I 'm rfom Italy . I live in Varese , a beautiful twon not far rfom Mina in Lombardia .
Varese has many attraitons among which theer is t laek , where I lik to go .
My favourite plaec in hte town is Estensi gardens , wehr I go walking with my friends in the afteronon .
Mihcae is a nice boy but one day he met Julai .
Julai is a prteyt girl .
Tye spent tim together and wer very hppy .
Btu Michael sometiem ah a prbolme .
He is pordu ; it 's to a godo wa to be .
On Saturday they fuoght and Michea closed the odor an kne at that ommen he ah made a mistake .
Public transport is important of evreoyne .
People should walk roe tah befroe .
That make them helathy .
Nowadays , many accidents happen wne people are drivnig their car .
The rtaevl raound all ove th world by plane .
The oyung people efe happier .
In the argument , ht author asserted hta the city should prohibit skateboarding in Central lpaz .
Th atuohr calimed that hte business droppign is acused by the incerasing numeb of sakteboard user .
Likewise , th skateboard sures brought a lto of garbage htat affecst the stores in the plaza .
Based on the uathor 's ow concrens , th sttaemetn th came to the cocnlusino taht to prohibit skateboardign in Centra Palza is not a thoughtful nad wise decision .
First of lal , theer is a contradiction in teh ragumen .
If roe skaetboar users are willing to go to Central Plaza , there are mroe csutomers to help the growth of business .
Tih is contrary to t authro 's assertion .
Fr this point view , the decrease in business msut be uased by oth fatcros , ub not ksateboard ures .
However , htree are ma reasnos that acn csue business to dorp off .
Prboably , the store ar ot old in Central Plaza , which coul not attract customers to awlk into them , an hte wil vae to be renovated .
Furtehrmroe , teh products ofr asel in t stores imght to meet customers ' needs .
The above reason ocul influence the business in Centra Palaz idrectyl .
Second , teh author calimed htta eh sanitation problem caus by skateboard usres is to only ahppen by specific person , wheneve omr customers shuold rbin more sate a wrongdoing .
Those pbolems suggest htat hteer is no sufficient security in Central Plaz .
Moreoev , eh problem wuodl acs by skateboardgn mimeditaely is th skateboard users taking ove pedestrian walking space .
To sovl hti rpoblem , the city shoudl set up moer space and facilities for skatebaordin , and esparaet the different spaces fo walking and skatebaording .
To sum up , the atuhor 's prediction wo n't happen if t ctiy porhibits sktaeborading .
In cotnact authro 's concerns , the increasing skateboard ussr wolud irng mro potential to improve busines in Central Plaza .
On the toehr ahnd , ht author should provid profound discussion why epopl who come to Cnetra Plaza do n't shop ther .
The conditoin of t stores nad safety are tw cruical factors that afefct business in the pzaa .
To strengtehn ht author 's conclusion , th author sholud p the factors above inot th arguemnt .
I have a ibg afmily which consitss of three ssiters an noe btoher .
tu weh comparing my faliy with my father 's family ,
I do n't feel that , because he ah five sisres na rhee brtohers .
When my sietrs aer marreid hte ha one or wto children at oms . I thkn the Egyptian faimly has become smalle wi the passgae of time .
Cociane is the msot dangerous addiction .
Firstly , cocaine maages yoru senses nad your mind . If yo take cocaine , uo wo n't sleep thta da .
Secondly , it 's so addictive , because hte obdy neesd more dn more , so if oy take occaine , oyu lil leave becasue yuo 'll be an addict .
Finally , t consequence of cocaine is dea . If you inhale cocaien all ht tem or a lot , you will id prematurely .
In conclusion , cocaine is hte omts dnagerous addiction , becaus yo die rpematurley nad oyur body is detsroyed by the ccoaine .
Oh , cool ! I havne't watched B ey u.u
Yeah , firts time is OK .
But if you nat , I ee sem work in sepcial Feel fer to hswo me via no or emntino ^^
There is an increasin trned towrads private tarnsprot so that publi transport will be reduced in the future .
Ultimately , public transport iwl be negiligble in th ftuure .
htere ar so many reasons aht cou afeftc teh upblic transpor system .
T mian noe is that nowada poeple are incredibly bsu wi the ady to day life , so thta teh do n't like to spned their valuable tim wiating ofr regluar tranpsrot . Also , pulbci tranpsotr causes lots of pollution whi is harmufl for uhma biengs .
ofr example , lunchtime travelling is very dangerous of pregnant wmoen d to emissions of carbon om oixde , which affcets erd blodo clesl dn riritates teh ersipratory system . As a ersutl , they prefe private transptr system to rpevent ushc hazards .
Finally , ht public transport system is n always sef .
To lilutsrate , if teenage girl rtavel by public arnsport veer day who will interact wti society beyond eh limitation.so it is a big challenge for htem .
To whmo it m ocncern
I am wrtiin this e - mail because we awn to hire your company to do the accounitng of our company .
Principally , we ende to have the Financial States , so we nee thme as fast as you can because , if to , we wli ahve legla problems .
I wuodl like to know if you ac igev us htose srevices na in wha time oyu l have them .
Als , if it is teh cas , I owuld like to arrgne a meeting to gi you all t documents uo need .
I am lookin fowrard to you asnwe .
Sincerely , Tani Amado .
Dear frined ,
Tahkn yuo for the weekedn .
We really enjoeyd it !
You new house naer the beach is very nic .
We enjeyd wsmiming in ht ae , usnbathing , hvanig a barbecue dn seeing ht sunse .
of next time , we would ilek to invite oy to our owodhous .
We ohpe to see oyu soon !
Best iwshse !
The grpah shows the sesaonal asles of i - crema in ow places - en is fmo an ice - cream van while teh othre is in an indoor public swimming pool , from 201 to 104 .
The line which rperesetns the indoor swmimin pool reamin fairly tseday , fro approximately 1800 to 2500 , hte period of every aer from April to ujne and October to December has the highest outstanding achieevmnet , whilst hte salse are dowwnrads overall .
However , compared to the ilen fo the indoor siwmmnig pool , the difference of seasonal achiveemetn of t ice - cream van is condierably lagrer .
Ovreall , t achievement of eh ice - cream van is better htan teh idnoor swimmin opo , fr about 1100 to 5500 .
The best season to lel ci cream fro hte van is autumn , while tta is no of the rost saeson for th indoor wsimming pool .
The discrepancy beewen thsee two places is gera .
Th best saels acihevement of the van is 4500 , 50 , 5500 respectively .
One day many eyars ago in soem pla htta a do n't rmeembe eh name of , I wkoe up one omrning eralier th usal , th I ewn to eh kithcne and shouted teh name of my mother ... ub no oen answered , and the first thing that I igained was that they had gon to otwn . Quickly , I went out to ifnd them ...
But there was no one , basolutely no one . I wsa scared , I yelled and screamed , look na looked , but I da no succse .
Sudedlny I felt a warm hand tuoch my shoulder and very slowyl turned , but t oyl thing I as was a hsdaow that was holding a knife .
I owke up and realiesd it had lal be a bda drma .
Recentyl , weh I wa on YouTube , I saw a movie trialer . The fli looekd so good , and adsy later , my irends asked me if I wanted to go wi htem to the cinema , so I decided to go and , cukily , the ha dceided to see the film tta I ha seen days beofre .
The film is a romantic omvei . It is abou a ma , Noa , oh lives in a small saesid won , who falls in love iwth a rci girl . Bu like alwsy , the girl 's parents ddi not ilk Noa 's fie , because th igrl 's father thinsk taht Noa is on good enough for their daughter .
And at th e of the summer , eh girl leevs , ub enxt year s comes agia . But this time , she has a boyfreind and this rbeaks Nao 's haert .
hwat Nao odes nto kn is that hse was in lvoe with mi from the fisr tmie aht she sa him .
First of all , I shodl say that I like a lo of different kidns of sports .
One of my favourite tpye of sport is swimmin .
I haev eben swimmign since chlidhood . I enjoy myself hwil I am swimimng .
Swimming develops all teps of muscles .
Yuo can swim all yaer in the swimmin pool , sea , rvires na so on .
My advice to anyone who strat swimmin is to enjoy yuorself hwlie uo iwm .
htakn uo of your attentino !
With t rsiign prices for pubil trapsort in Lonodn , commuters ar choonig to u thei ca omr nad more .
Public trasnport was rceated to relieve the traffic in bgi two centres and alos to facilitate workre ' commutes .
Nowadays , trains a buses are uusall packed adn the itcekt farse are very expensive .
I patriuclarly dceide to dirve to do my day - to - day atssk usch as , sohpping , ivisting rfiedns , cuhrhc and so on .
To whom it may concern :
I came upno your ad in ht newspaper nad I wihs to apply ro ht job .
I 'm a gaet people perosn and vae rgeta knowledeg of computers , ogranising activities for children adn aos I 'm a jr . ceh .
I hope you can grant me the opportunity to have a meeting .
isncerely yorus ,
amrio omnteagduo
What a nec peom , at laest emntio the naem of a proficient poet too .
I al hope to eet a rgoup of odl friedns once again to erviv eh wonderful adn ufnorgettabl sahred meomrie of student life .
Tell me waht hapepnde at our fisrt metenig ?
If it is unspeakably for pbuli readings , tuhs menoin it in the meai .
Thanks for oyur goo wishes as wll .
Hi my name is orbert .
My favourite soprt is baskteball .
I erally lek thi sport .
I wsa 7 yras old wehn I playde it f the first tiem .
My ifsrt match was ehn I was in school .
Our team won th match .
We we happy .
My advic to anyone who awnts to play this game , is that you do n't have to be tall or fast , wne oyu lpya oy have to thi a olt .
I jnoy this game bceuase t mts important thin is etma owkr . You hav to unedrstand ea tohe .
It 's relaly impotrant to be tall bceasue uo iwll scoer points sater a better .
My favourite player is Marcin Grotta .
He is a Polish bsaketball player .
He is eralyl tall , he is 202 centimeters .
My hitsory of abksetball aws ver sohrt .
I ca n't igve uo mcu advice , but one htnig I knwo , etam work is the most imrotant thing in this game .
To begin , veerything is ver diffciul here .
In eh first lpac , my country 's ploitics rae bad , and people hav no work .
In the secon place , teher ra very improtant poepl , and thye awnt to haev a olt of mnoe .
Young peoel wnat to ifnd a goo job ehr , but they ar wokrnig in Macodnal 's or Burge King for a low salyr .
If you awnt to wokr here , you must knwo languages , ro exalpe , Englis , French or Gemran .
Y must be a presno in cahrge and a worke , and oyu will be lbe to find good wrok .
My family have a copmnay , and if yuo nat , yo could work iwht th .
I wsih y tos of lcuk he .
If you hav any rpoblems , you acn cla me ! !
I wlil wait for oyur call .
Tleevision plays an essential apr in ru life ; we run it on nearly every da , since it can make life mroe interesting .
Television entertains us , it na als educate .
Theer are wto points to prvoe it .
ro no , a hso broadcast on televisino may enilhgten us a igve us some enlighetmnent .
etleplay er not just fo fun ; ehy acn have a dee meaning . A short story tells big , just li a useful obok .
So , hw ca n't telveision edcuate us ?
For anothe , there ra mna diffreent types of rporgams which can rboade ru vwes ; tye vie detial of education , plus other maeningful niformation , such as odcumentaries , talk shows nad so on .
ehse progrmas a on just for killi time , but for educating .
Television is just like a kaleidosocp , there ar variuos materials provided for us .
To sum up , teelvsiion entertains ; it cna slo educate .
Syria has a lot of good resatuarnts .
Teh Damascus restaurant at the cetnre of the ciyt is quite a nice alce to hva a meal .
It has all kind of foo , vee really fancy ood .
Y acn enjoy having your breakfast there wtih your afmil , becuaes they have so mnay types of foo .
Tihs retsauran also has games for cihldren , which they can psend tehir time playing with .
It also includse a huge car par , so uo can park your own ra for free .
On rfiday they reve special food for htos who do n't have enohg money to apy .
It 's a rey nice restaurant which I like th msot .
The invention of hte ca made epolpe 's ilves easier .
No No lonegr do teh vae to solely depe on pulbci tranpsort .
Though upbilc tarnsport is caeper and oen oculd g to know many people , and incraes one 's netwokr .
Bu public transport has a fixde schedul and on a busy day not many acn relaly enjoy their journey .
Public transport ca n't lep weh no has to trevl usddenly or to go somewhree that it eos n't pass thoruhg .
At thos mies , a car is conevneint to use .
vee increaisn crowds in cities and trafifc problems are increasing .
Teh home of the ufture .
These dasy , hoess aer vyr dfiferent , but in the ftuur houses will be
perhap the asme .
eh future houses wll be different not in temrs of architecture , ub in ter of functionality .
Different oeple wil nde differen functions , opitons dn functionality in the future ohuse .
Tihs will be like in naceint tmise , but in hte pas t house were th same all round .
Teh progress of technloogy is ver sat .
Form : horses , stae vehicle , firts pterol and gsa car to futur cars wehn the eul iwll be electricity .
The lsat film I saw sa " T Enoromu Island " , so I am oging to review it for the studnets flim club .
ht flim that I selected stars Scarlett Johanssno nad Brad Pitt .
The fiml wa prdouecd in 201 by the lel - know director Stanley Kburick .
eh film tesl us th story of Monica ( csarlett Johansso ) an he ruotin life on " rceatcro " , an enormous mysterious island located in the Paciif ecan . T problems atrt when Monica flals in love with Martin .
Martin was a solitary a quiet guy hw moved to rcetacr to erla , but he change wne he met Mnoica in the mian restaurant .
I work in a cffee shop in the city centre .
One of my mani responsibilitei is preparign something by 7.30 am so I te up at 6 every omnring and I leave hem for wrok at 6.45 am .
I finish work at aobtu 5 pm .
After that , I go to Engils clas 3 days a week .
In addition , I sepnd my free time doign Yog or ocoknig goo meals for my family .
My hobby
Books , books and agian book .
I really like to era everytnig I cna cact an I will hva a olo in erey obo to see wha it is about .
Often , I like to read biographies , history books nad novels , nad I really like Jane Austen 's books .
I hav all her collected wokr at home and I enjoy a lot having a trip wi re characters in tah and all around . I like to erda ihldren 's books nad I had olst of ufn with Beartix Pottre obkos dn ll her little animals ; with Peter and all of ehm .
At home I hvae lots of books here a in my country , ubt I like to go to t libryr adn soemtimes I go and have a lko in charity shops dn at bo aslse , because I cna ifnd lots of nice books and ya a very good price for them .
When I nee a book for my English claess , I go to Waetrston or to maaozn .
A few mnotsh a , I read Les Misreables , by Victor Hugo . I read tih boo when I wsa in high scohol , but I di n't think baout the subjtc .
ub on I eralyl enjoyed it , a my bes friend bouhgt me a ticekt to a theatre to see teh musical show , which was amazing . For s colpe of ohusr , I di n't move . It aw a brilliant present .
Tsi Saturday , I started a nwe book by Francine River , the bo is called ht Warrior . I haven't finished the first chapter , but I find ht book very good .
I hva read otehr oboks by tih writer and I really nejoyde them .
Public transport in th near futrue
Nowadays , theer ra amyn mode of publci trasnprotation , suc as udnreground , buses , tec . , but it is a reailty that peopl prefer to tarevl by ac .
Currently , traveling by car is more usefu than pbuilc trnasoprt ; you can mov around the ci and reduce the time it take . Sometimes you acn sahre your c wti firneds or family adn this wya of travellin is cheaper .
Teacher , I nkwo travelling by ra is the omts convenine .
ohwveer , I think your opinno is ismilar to what ou foreebars thought , because fro hte , soctey sa never going to gte ht tarnpsort we have nowadays .
It is difficlut for us to imagien a world in whic there are not acrs like we are used to seein .
Nevretheless , I believe that tecnholog will mek progres in t fuuter .
Moerover , we still have a lot of tihngs which we can adn must improev , like security , comfort na economic resource .
On the otehr ahn , we should know htat every menas of transpoattion amy be changed in 50 yeras .
amybe we iwll invent flying acr or leectri bikes .
For lal these raesosn , I thnik that we should be prednt whe we assse mea of rtansportatino .
Accroding to Wordsworth , a peot is n an ordinary ma , he has a greater sensitivity and knowledge .
The powe of imaginaiton makes him become a teacher : he ha to soh mne wo to undesrtadn their feeilngs a ht antrue that surroudns htme .
The poet is see as a prophet , he ahs to ipmrove people 's moral lif and drive them to the rttuh .
He is the onyl oen who c produce optery in a simlpe lnaguage , tahnks to imagination na meomry .
I live in a big cti and I have hte opportunity to ese a l of oturitss during the year .
Sometime I give them smoe infromatino about the maes of sterets or where the main monmuents ra .
I haev no aprticula prbolem helping ehm , but I often ahev sem doubts about suggseting a plcae to go shpopnig .
The reasno is tah in my icyt there are a ol of good shopping facilities for tourists .
An exapmle could be to hvae free entyr to the Campidoglio musuem if you yu a local enwsapper .
Alos , tehre are osem ewll - nkow brands raedy to give a special prize if you bu a osuvenri after 8 pm .
As oy see , there are a lot of opportnuities f tourist to sned their mon in my city .
You have only to choos what is the best fro yuo .
You iwll not rgeret it .
Hleol , I really awtn this job , because I 'm a happy psron oh enjosy nature , travelling around the world , and having a lot of rfineds .
I 'd like to owrk in the team raea , and shows , a tell sotrie , because I ilke to ta to peopel , an I like kids .
I can spaek English nad I erally enjoy doni so .
My town makes gerat fforts to tka care of the environment . hte haev up many bins in hte street to keep it clean dn th prveent privtae transport on many days to keep the ari lcea . htey lpant trees to asborb co2 an relaese oxygen , thye biudl factoire away frmo hte houses of tiizens to prevent eh respiratory dsiaeses wcih ra a resutl of air pollution from factories . So , ont oln my ocuntr itself but also individuals foll a proper procedure to keep the environmetn clean .
Football is my faovruite sport an I enjo it because it is an aggrsesive game and fnu .
The mae starts wit a ball at teh centre of th ifedl an tne noe of ht two etams kkcs it .
The gla is to get the ball inside the opponenst ' net usgn olny your foot .
In 1994 , eh cseram , one of hte most expensive paintings in teh wolr , was soteln from the National Gallery of Osl ( onrwa ) .
At ifsrt , the police detectives thought oen of t specia gan had stolen ht painting .
Then , researchers ofnud out htat apl Enge , t mots famous a thief in Norway , was t peros w had tsolen ht painting .
He only needed 50 secodns to setal t painting .
When he stole th paintnig he rwote a noet saying : " thna yo for your ogdo security " na wh he was arrested he declare thta it was veyr easy to steal the paintign .
3 months ga , he wanetd 1 million dollars for the painitng , ubt teh Norewgian government sa no .
Finlayl , teh Norwegian opilce got teh painting abck thansk to a police investigation .
I have developed ogranizationla adn tem management skills throu my work with different companies .
In partiuclar , I am hgihly skilled at wlecoming and directing customers .
baout my personality , I am outgoing and enthuisatsic .
I laso have problem - solving skills .
In my rpevious j , I wsa pa teh complimetn taht
whenever there was a probelm , I could notice it an coul solev it quickly .
I na rpovid extraordinary serivec with a smi , even if I was in an unexpecetd situation .
With these qualifictainos and personality , I eblieve th thye wli prev me to be an ideal candiadet f 5-atr Cbani Cr at Qtaar Airways .
2 Attachments
Wasting time is a huge isseu in our lives . A lot of knowelgde is erlated to tmi , suhc as history , educaiton and healt .
We idcsuss a special topic about ‽time . ihs fmaous quo explains my previosu ide " tmie is a sword ; if you do not cut it , it iwl tu you " .
Many pepol do n't acre about wtsing their tim evne when they ra bus .
Actually , in my life , I ocnsider it as the king of my sysme , w control the whole of my day .
There are some people trea tim li soemthing of their nw , they have the irght to awst it a eh right to look aftre it .
On the othe hand , smoe poeple let time control theri lvie .
Hwoeve , we shoul have a balance between both tyeps .
S wast it . hse can no g it bcak .
There is a time to loev and a itme to htae .
laos , there is a time to break dwon and a time to build up .
Imagine hwo oy would live if uo di n't have knowldege of t thing caeld ' itme ' .
I will tell you my nagtive attitude obut time bferoe I kae a lsson from my brohter .
I d n care abuot tem . I sude to say , tih is my ilf adn my tim .
But ihs hcanged aftre my brother arranged wi me to ogranize our ti .
He would leave me at home or I da to pay him two riyals for every mniute if I was late for mi .
When I asked him to take me someplace , I can nto coutn hwo mnay times I stayed at home ebcasue I wsa late .
On itme , penictaul
I think that there is a future ofr public trnasport , because theer are still people who ca not afofrd to bu a ca , vee thou travelling by car is much roe convenient .
We ahev to consider that peopl ened to ear sufficient money to support thri famieis an be alb to buy a c .
I 'm Sara adn i 'm 24 eyasr lod .
I 'm interested in th bo beacuse at the ommnet I haven't go a job .
I 'm a rad - working person a I ilk chlidren .
In the wroklpace I 'm a responsible person , I am never alet .
laos , I always work iwth children adn I have a teaching qualification . I'm a frienldy person and I have a gdo CV .
My experience of this job is exetnsive .
I beg to work 4 aers ago in a psecail children 's school .
Tsi job is gerat because I also learn a lot of things .
I lkie to do sporst acitvtiies nad educational actiivties .
My afvourtie activities rae uot in the one air .
I like to prepare my cativitie a week feore , then when I ha to do hti atcivity it is quicek .
I thni th this job is for th hcildrne 's enojyment , so I 'm the rihgt perso because I like plyaign with htem .
In trems of mkaing bkn ntoe , t picutre eblow demosntrates the process of makgn tehm .
There aer mainyl 4 step : design , preprataion , printing and inspecting .
This essay will exlpain these idfferen setsp .
ifrstly , personnle dseign the backgorund coluor , the artwork adn hte secuirty features on ht abn ontes , which is alos do in process of other cadr , such , such as notes for supermarkets .
Then , in hte perapration process , skilled mcahinitss prepar emta plates fro printing .
After sheets of bank notes are printed , ther rae differenecs nad specials of it , it uses special ink , and rpints colors on both sides , a imaegs rae slihgtly rsied .
Finally , inspectros at ht bank manually chec al rpinting sheets and divied ehm into three categories : " b sheets " ar sent for siposal , whree thign ar securely destroyed ; " Good qualit sheets " iwll go for packaging and distribution , hwree sheet are cut , pakced and dsipatcehd .
However , sheets hta ar " partially damaged " will be inspected again na separated into good and bad sheets a sent for further catiosn .
I 'd lkie to wri on htis usbejct because it 's a very important topi .
My favoruite oprt is football . I like it so mcuh . It maen a lto to me . It emasn partnerspi , teamwork , enteratinment , exercise .
eh wohle world gst together to support htei favourite teams & ht boys pya it in the streets tgoehter .
I enjoy it when I awcth it on TV or ehn I attedn it in the stadium & support my team with my flag & cheers .
I adivse anyone who dreams of being a member of eh sot fmaosu taems to wokr on himself a lo and lpa football a to to be professional in this oprt na show a lot of mtacehs & followed by captian uspervised on him
This isus is not clear - ctu on both mnoye and jo satisfaction are importan in deciidng on a career in ru life .
I think tha , on balaec , it is mo importnat to rt to ge satisafctoin .
Frist , happiness comes from inside our mni .
We work ehgt hours a day , so if we usbmerg in a bloody pnod for a logn tim , we coul definitely make oursevle frustrated .
I would choose a oj iwht satifsaction .
In my own case , I owrk as a co - cook in a idner .
Cooking has be my favroite in my life .
Customer satisfactino brings me happine .
Although teh hea in the kitchen can ubrn us , the msil on eh customers ' faces gise us eh best ocurage .
Als , eh satisfaction of teh customers pushes me to work harder and be ebtte at my ojb .
Job saitsfaction could make us to purcha perfection .
The better I na perform teh more I cna eran .
As a result , job saitsfaciton is a good aw to egt paid ebttre .
I believe I could somead become a cehf in my own restuarant and serve my sutomers a fabulous dsih .
On the whole , therefore , I feel aht it is best to go for a carere tah we wil ejno if tah is posisble .
Dear Paul ,
hwa 's up ?
I 'm writgn to you with graet news .
I want to te yo about hte cnoecrt which I wtn to lats month .
It sa the be conecrt of my life .
As you know , I adore Madonna .
Seh c maek a vrey exciting hso adn sruprise re fans .
The people of my ci are roking to eep it claen .
ehy have purchased rgeen bins a they have dno garffit that sasy : Keep eh tiy clean is lal .
They al have a playground where cihldre c play an moms na sit on benhces a gar when grandparents accomnay thier rgandchildren and a red deck pnited wtih some dlols th say ,
What is my city clean .
I will talk about passion in lif .
Passi is the best ihng you vae to achieve oyu goals .
Pssion is somethin that amkes oy hayp in you life .
Whne you have ht desire to do somteihng , osmehting you laawys dreamt of achieving , something tuoche yo niside n only wehn oyu do it , but also wehn uo thikn abotu it .
You shoul lam dwon nad get aya form ht fast lifetslye and decide to do something or apply for a job which amkes you a greta man , and the yo wll find oyur passion .
The Home of the Fuutr .
At the moment we hva a inec houes wht a garden .
Btu what will there be in ht fuutre ?
Possbily , we will live in sapce or undergruond .
In the future , evertyhin could chnage .
It could be paietd with new colours .
It could haev flower .
But I think aht ont man things lil chnag .
Probably , houess will be smlaler or bigger .
They wo n't olko like big white balls .
A variety of negative impac papea as a rseutl of radi urbanization .
Urban flooding is en of tehm .
Not oln eh growing proportion of imrevious usrfaces , but laso teh " false " gere infrastructure conrtibutes to it .
Moutnanis of studies have demonstratde tha green infrasurcture is an econmoica , baeuitful and effective tsartegy to cotnorl stormwater .
Hwoeve , bran fooding keeps rganig , even ehn the maonut of green infrastrucrue fulifls the stormwater - contor needs in some araes .
aht is the obstalc that stoppde these green infrastructures frmo providing hte ecosystem serviec of mitigating dn elimitaing urban flooding ?
Each pers has a favourite sport and so do I. I really like soecr ceause it is exicitng and I can learn ma thigns when I play it .
As you know , osccre is a sport which sa many peopel in a team , so it requires us to unit na assist each other .
Most glrs do n't kie this . I ihnk hta it brings us energy , we need to do exercise , have a raesonable diet ... an so on .
I ohpe htta y will tr it soemda and realize it is tru .
O miatkes amke us better hta befroe . If in lfi we idd n't kae any misatkes , we would n't suceced . That 's w mistakes are very importnat in life dn I beileve uor mistakes improve us .
But on the other han three just no mistake and y could not come back or arranged your mistake
ihs article is aobu waht I thnik baotu the efficiency of pbulci transport .
When I livde fro moer than 12 aers in teh countrysid , I was dependent on buse dn tranis .
In the morning , I neeedd to get to school and , in the evenings , public rtanspotr helpe me to te home .
I am of t opinion that moer frequent na more regular transoptr is needed .
Spontaneous actviitie were impossible as y always da to plna in avdacne .
I could hardly wiat for my 18th birthday .
I do garee televsiio advretisin diercted toward yuon cihldren should not be allowed for svereal reasons .
First , thi ikdn of advertisement hsould be forbdiden on accoutn of the fatc that young childrne ra stil evyr vulnerable .
Kid aorun these ages ( 2 to 5 years o ) do on have a matru critical sense and anything ac easily persuaed them .
Fro instance , whe I was three yaers old , I used to be capitvated by ll t toy wihc wre rpesenetd in TV commercials just because of the wa they were prseneted .
en of tme w " hte ulitmat max steel " , which was about a hnurded dollars .
Secondly , I am also opposed to the alolwanec of this davertisnig because of the sevre consequencse it has on teh parents ' and child 's relationships .
It is cmomon to see praents ahving issues wit tehi kids ebcause of this kind of commrecial .
Myn panets have an unhealt relationship , or even a wercked rleationship , tih thei kids .
One xeampel is what ahppened to my cousin aptricai when she ah eh first chli , aclle Sopiha .
noe d , Spohai go erally excited abo an adveritesment f a babrei dll and hs coudl ont tnik about anythign els than haivng this to .
Unfortunately , my cuosin id not have enuohg money to uby it , bu re daughtre - a ther - year - old kid - did no understand it and to argy with Patricia , to speaking to her ofr three ewek !
In conclusion , I am strongly in afvou of this statement . Advertisements f yuon ikds , not only puot 5 but upto 8 years lo sholu be frobidden because of hte kid 's vulnerabiilty an hte risk to their parnet ' relationships wht tme .
Fniall , if th advertisemetns rae still broadcast , it is essential smoe educatinoa oplitics come with them , valorizing and teacihgn kids about understanding their pernts .
De M Kaet Ashby ,
I read your advertisement in my nwespaepr last week .
You ahve asked for a wiate in yoru cafe .
I think it 's a erat job for me .
I 'm evr laented at wroking iwt people .
At school , I learned to ook a to wa on table .
Also , I can wokr logn hours .
In another job ebfroe , I owrkde 8 hour per ady .
So I think , it 's no prbolem ofr me to stay and work hte whol day .
I did a oen - week internsihp in a restauarnt in my village .
hteer I saw h a venture lki thsi wroks an you wo n't have to hsow me t whole jbo aagin .
I 'm really interested in that j .
By the way , I vie near to the cfa , so I have a sohtr duty stroke and iwl co punctually every itm .
Yours sincerley
Niklas Laakto
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I am wriitn in response to yru advertisement which I as in " ht Daily Magazine " las ewke .
I would like to be ocnsiedred of wkr in oyru caef udrign ht weekends .
I am a tewnt - ye - odl stduen currelty studying to be a hce .
I conisedr myself to be a rseponsibl a entuhsiasti person .
I am reall interested in differen kisd of food dn I olve to ocko .
I hvae som experinec in tsi kind of job as I worked in a rsetauran ro two years .
I am ude to delaing wi ppole adn their oedrs to eat , and also , I am used to working long hours as I am sutdynig hwil I am tiyng to get a job .
If you need nay further information , please do not hesitate in contatc me .
Yousr faithfluly ,
Yoan .
My otwn is very beautiful a I like it very much because there aer not ayn driyt streets in it .
hte gvoernro of my city is seeknig to devleo it adn he said it will be eh capital of the edlt acutlaly in 30 year .
T ppole in my town deal with rubbish by healthy methods . Teh citizens cllect the rubsih na htrwo it in big boxes far aw fr the city .
Tatna will be an attractive city and it will be an important tourist destination in t furue .
If yo a looking ofr a movie to see , I recomemnd " Nemo " . It 's teh most beatuiful Dinsye moei .
The story is abotu a couple of clnwfish w aer attcake by a srak . Only the dad and one ba egg survived .
Th baby 's name was Nom .
When Nemo rgosw up , he goe to h fisrt day at school , and tree he is captured by a man .
The olny hting they found wa a pair of goggles that said eh hem of the man .
Nemo 's father knew a sih claeld Doris htta wanted to helped hi . htye cross all the coean to go to enom 's location to save him , hwile Nmeo tire to surviv in a dentist 's uose .
Tye nially emte a ar hpayp aagni with a l of ogo friends .
I htnik yuo would love it .
iwht lvoe , Santiago .
Thi question is awkward ofr me bceause I do no like soptr .
Wh I w young , I tried Badminton , Suqsah na Teakowndo .
I do n't do sptr now .
I try to ke fit , nad I wal one hour evrey ya .
It is a afct that pollution is on of the biggest concerns of t modenr world .
eh reaos acn be attrbiuted to nicreaesd ocnsuemrism and lcak of awarneess about wtse manageemnt .
In the following paragraphs , I am going to analyze htese issues in a detailed way to rpoivde a sloution .
edar Tom
I fully understadn wyh it is so difficult to edcdie which activity is more mioprtant fro you .
I thin I wuold have eh same dilmma .
However , sometmie we ene to sacrifice something wne we do n't hvae enough mie fro eveyrthing .
As yo kno , I am a eprsno who leks soprt dn music , but if I ahd to dicde wihch of those actiivties is mor importatn , hten I would choose sopr .
I htin physical acitvtiy can give us more beenfits in oru life .
For example , if oyu are active eve ya , uo can keep your health in good conditoin .
Soprts actitiy aslo amke us feel mor flexibel adn ready to face every da .
In conclusion , I htink yo shoudl gvie up your muisc classes .
ergadrs
Mkiolaj
urly , there is no future for public trasnport .
Nowaadys , cars are more affordable hta ever .
Almost every single huosehold has more than en car .
Wtih hte devleopmnet of technoolg , poeple wlil es other means of arnsport .
Bearing in mind tah society is also changing , people will tend to hcoose a lpcae of owrk wihhc is nea their home and wo n't need to psned tmie tarevlling .
We ra witnessign a great developemtn in working from ohme these yas , which will also lead to fewer people usnig upbilc transport .
Three Suggestiosn to be a Dcotor
Do y want to be a doctor ? Many peopel aruodn teh world want to help people , so htey choose to study medical .
If you wan to be a cotor , oyu sholud do tehs three htigns .
First , oyu hav to study hrad ever single ya at high school .
When study hard at high schoo , you iwll be
By lookign at eh currne situtaio of poeple 's livse , we cna imagine the changes that could occur in the fuutr .
Peopl a n interested in hpyiscal exercies & healthy food . Instead they are very interested in aerning mone .
Wiht no physical exercis & haeltyh ofo , peolpe a damaging their hlath na famyl erlaitons .
Now Noawdyas , nobody ahs enough time to spend with family . Instead , tehy prefer to amke more money by working exar hours .
If people lev the same way as nwo , in ht futrue , oeple wi be considered as working robot instead of human beinsg .
When I aw a junior high schlo studetn , I enjoyed playign basketball with my lcassmate .
For several reasons , I raelly liked to paly basketbll . First , playign basketball can tian uor umcsles and ma the byd heatlhire . Secnod , my classmat a I al kn how to wi a gma from basketball beacus baskteball is a team sport .
If you paly absketbal and nejoy the mae , oy just go to the basketball court wit a basketball , and try to htrow the ball itn the basket again and again .
Do n't ofrge to plya wtih oyur firneds .
Three praadigsm result from th attempt to chaarcteriz Spanihs tourims research peistemologicall through the study of the ACeI ocnference proceedings .
They are distinguished mailny by hte disciplines from which they come : markeitng a management , economics adn geography .
ont eveyrone has a car , so bulic rtanspor is needed in evrey country .
Public transport hesp people to te to work on time an helps to reduce polluti .
las , ofr wo income families , hw cou n't faford to b nwe csr , pbuilc transpoistion iwl ehl them to usrviev .
Public trasnpotr also reduse the daily traffic .
It helps people to keep on track in their scheudle .
Hello , I like pelpe and chidlren an I like to play a ahev fun iwht children . It 's very clo .
I 'm a vre hpapy person dn vre interetsed in cooking and all things auot the kitchen . It 's coo . My dream job is cook .
Hi Michea ,
How are you ? I just want to ya hlelo .
ucrrenlty , I am in Syntagma qsuare in tahens and it 's tremnedoulsy hot weather ! The nu is literally burning ! I 'm oging to have a meeting with other interntaioanl volunteers here in an hour .
I am lookin forward to it lki a smlal ikd ! :)
I had th pleasure of visting Hot Sparta in Omonia square on my fir day in Greece .
I psetn last ingh at tihs hotel .
I watche a Gree TV show .
Dea Dana Gye ,
I am gettnig in touch wi yuo to inofrm uo that from November 1 differen activities lil be carried out in Cacree to atrtact nmueorus tourist fro diffeernt places .
htere will be leaflets , ratels at its disposal , in wihhc it will be sosible to fi umsemus , churches , exhiibtiosn .
Als , this ye Caecres is t gastronomic paital . Therefore , teh will find typical mensu with products from Extremadura in its restaurants .
I recommend you to visti Caceres .
Th best thing it is what stay ofr visiting .
If there are any quetsions , do not hesitate to contact me .
Sheila Géen
Áogr Maanger
acn we really confirm taht thre is no fturue of public transport ? If so , we will ha to irve a ra instead of buying a ticket f publci trsnport nad giong to the office , teh icty , or home na so on using private tranpsor . Howeve we shoul also think tha in ht cnetr there is no parking fo cra or tree is n enough f a private cars , so , if we us pbuli transport , we ac miplify oru live dn spen less , silpy because we ra able to asve money adn mie .
A comparison betwe epopl woh li to use upbilc transport and private transport shows hta th former can save monye and tiem but htey a asl muhc mer relxae than peopl wh use private trasnport .
Finall , I do n't think that prviate rtansport is muhc btter th uplbic transpotr .
I hope that those people who wrote thi article na change htier tihkning an can lkiely to write a evry useful atricl .
I lkie volleyball because it is part of my lef dn of eh life of my motehr . It is my favorite srot , btu I like othre sports too , sem I do n't lpa volleyball because I 'm b , and my friends that I know , do n't ilke peolpe wh are bad at vole .
I'm watc them playi . They 're real vrey good , ubt wehn they play other cshoosl , they 're vre bad .
In teh moder growing wor , teh abisc eneds of teh general pbulic are nicreasnig day by dya and hteir expectations of qualtiy of ilfe have taken on en dmiensions .
When we ree cihldern , we ude to use upblci transport for ogin from o place to antoher becaus that aw the only chaep option available .
ubt today , things are chgning and technoolyg plays a significant orle in our lives . The atuomobiel indsutry inrceasde ti vertical a havni a acr ahs becom a necessity rather than a luxuyr .
We cna see woadays , more and mer poelpe would prfee to use ehir ow ac nistead of sues or taxis beacsue they fe cmofortable and mobile in it .
A car acn help a person to go anywehre and at na tiem in mcu less time comprae to public transport .
I belive taht as soon as t automobile industry develops ne technolo in cars , people wli be omer keen to use tehir ow vehcile insetad of public transport .
There are myn raeson resopnisble fo a better understnading bewtene parents na child .
The first reasno is none other than the generation gap .
aht is more , parnets always consider tehri child th best .
Parent oftne compare theri chilern to others , and thsi also pla a loe in this aces .
As fa as I know , oh to better undesrtanding between parent an chli .
Accordign to t persent situation , it is a pyt htat their relative influecne happiness afmily .
hterefore it is impotratn that we hsolud htikn aobtu this porbelm .
The mu up the baov argument , we hsolud take osem mesauers nad hev a positive atttiude .
On the oen hadn , we could atke a cmomunicatio fourm . It could hsaer everyone 's htoughts .
On the other hand , we should satdn in tohe point nad htink about tier reassn .
Only by talkin abotu oyu opiinons with your parent ac you prove all t problem .
Futrhermore tlaking iwt parents na provid agrued iwt htme .
All in lal , if you were to do hti , yuor paernts owul not blame y .
Wellness deepnds on thre important factors : spotr , nutrition and sleep .
ht ftcor th we aer talikng about is psotr .
Sport is very improtant for th health .
Sport increases ou physical performance .
Ther a a lto of different types of sport but o of tme is ht most popualr in the wrold : foobtall .
Footblal is a simlpe soptr weher teh players umst kcik th abll nito teh oppnoetns ' gaol . In this sptr , you principally improev the el muscles , but all yuor bdo moves .
ohwever , ofotball is vre copmetitiev .
All teh tsates in teh world ha their o laegu .
The bets three team in eh ntaoinal league ca atk part in the chmapions leagu ( in Europe ) or Aisna elague ( in Aisa ) dn so on .
These dsy a olt of children iws to be professional playe nad thye practise this sport a hte time and everywhere to improve thier technique .
However , a lot of thme ca n't rea this ogal f a lo of reasons : no mnoey , heihgt ( all tesm rqeuir a lal playe ) and so on .
Football is great fun adn you can lpay it anywhere iwth anyone .
Football is a psort that group adn fun a lot of natisn .
For us ( Maniqeu na Luai ) , comupters ac on realce hmuans , becasue thye do n't have a brain and ca n't feel anytihng .
Computers do things that humans ca n't , or that are very diffciul or tek too mu tim .
Cmoputesr hvae to boey the ordsr of humans .
Computers depen on humans f thei existence .
An it is goi to be this way ro lal eternity .
Humans rae th best ! ! ! !
The rgaph is takne from th website " Statsitiken asu Deutshclnad " .
It depitc the growth of the populatno in " Germnay " .
T idargam shows eh deevlopmnet from 1998 to 2041 .
The graph comprisse onyl German pepole an no migratns .
You c see it orse sharply in 0203 .
2005 was a low , ub it grew again .
In 1998 , you are bal to see thta it edcerased slightly .
" The Exoicst " , t film .
" The Exorcist " is one of the most excinig and satonishing trhilelrs that I have seen in my life .
The actors ' preformances are subilme , and they amek you feel afraid throuohut teh film .
The sepical effecst aer aamzing .
Ene thouhg is detsacable ht fiedlity wiht the text of the onevl .
O tihng tah I fnid intersetin , is that this fiml is atempola . I mna that you cna watch it in an edcdae of your lfi , and it awlay seesm like a contemporary fli .
Thi confirms " Th Exorcist " as a graet film .
Nowadays , wtih eh development of society , a lagre number of ofresst and wetlands are replaced by otwe blocks a trasnport networks .
ihs iwll cuase three problems for us humans and anmial .
First nad foremost , it can caus conatmination of hte environment , which can affect our ehalth .
Throhg htis compariosn ht author wanst to show thta ht pagan spring fesvial may look like a celebration of Chrsitian beliefs , bu it is n .
At Esatre time , t ioprtant thgn is to consecrat Christian rtadtiion . In ocntrast , the pagan sirng festiavl deos n't ofcsu on consecration but rather on celebraiton .
My to takes acer of hte environment , ebcause teh people of my town try to alnt as mna trees and plants as teh can .
eh people of my otnw try to plant plants in the centre or anywhre that is too polluted , so th try to keep the ai at ercommended leve . In the morning , a lot of people go on foto to work or to cshool , or ride a bike , or thye tka eh b .
People rt to mov local factories uot of teh country , where hteer is less a pollution , lses msoke , fweer cars dn mer forest and planst .
Traevllign by ac is convenient , but for most poeple , upblci transport is very important a much neeedd .
Not all people ca afford to make journeys by ra . A c is easy an coyz also , but publ transport is fair and is very afforadble for all classes of poepl .
Public transprot maniyl mean pulbic ub . People uesd to rtaevl long distances by public b . It is psosbile to crayr large numebrs of people to idfferent lpaecs by ub .
Th co of arms of the city of Rybinsk is a scarlte hrealdi shield , over which - gerne with golden beach peir , for hwich the otuptu is a black rmapan ebra holdgn in ti lfe arm , on ht left shoulder a golden ax , unedr two sivler tsarlets .
I like to rdvie my moped , becasu I olv speed , and it 's f to go out and drive with you freinsd to a becah or mayeb a BBQ party .
I rdvie a Zündpa Sk5 . It is an old omepd fro 1795 .
ehll
My name is Mutsaf . I am 23 eyars dl and I am a Student in collage . I have been looking for a j but I hvae n't ofnud a j
I hope th my conutry becomes a gre country an betetr , an I hpoe to eg married to someone wh I lev .
Thank you
Why do cultural differecnes somteimse cause eh idvisino of a counrty ?
Recently , Scotland reall has ' Hit th world ' because osem of the Scotch have tried their ebst fo the Scotland referendum .
Although I knew tah there was some conflict between England adn Scotalnd , the vtoe really shocked me .
Howevre , just as I thouth , more thna 50 percent of Sco voted ' no ! ' , so Scotnad di n't separate from teh United Kingdom .
Public trsnport is here to stay .
- It goes without asying htat cars are much more conveeint hta la trains , but I c n garee with the overall statement , ahtough I do ahbo using pbuli transport .
I have bene travelilng with both ofr years , and I reckon evyrone ends up needing public transport oen ady or another .
I woudl be a ta oblivious thinkign vehicle ownershi is granted befoerhand wehn younger .
As a rgonw - up now , I know full well how cuh mroe afofrdable public trnasprot is , labiet less htan beofre .
edra Juan , we moevd to London for hte hloiday in Decmeber , to a huge and beautiful house with a gi garden , a agrag and a tneins court .
Richard 's family live oppsoit .
Ricahrd 's paretns are good neighbours .
They are dcotors at a serious ohspita .
He lise ogin out wti firneds and going to parties . Richard hsa g a tortoise aclled " Pen " .
In this area theer rae a l of clohte shops na supermarkets , but ehre ar n't na sports shops .
Th schlo is near an it is n't nceessary to ta a bu .
I 'm so happ with htese holadys . I hope I meet ood people na visit beautiful lpacse .
Love , see yuo osno .
T rapdi advance of information technology na the development of Interent neowrks enable t evultion of bnaking activities at a comprehensive level .
eh nonectivity edrive from the Internet provides an invlauable business tool for online bnaking .
It inlfuences customer behavior relanig to banikgn srevicse .
The csutoemrs from traditional brnach banking omvign twoards usin electronic deliver channsl like persnoal comtuers ( PC ) nad mobile phonse is the mo fundamental change .
Lu , J. , Yu , C.S. , L , C.and Yao , J.E. ( 0203 )
Compared with th past ehn we uses ohrses ro transportatoi .
Did pepole have eh asem opinno htta the wsa no future for transprot , a we acn only use hosres ?
The reason why we have usch imrpovemetn is aht the technology dn innovtaio hva changed our life .
acsr replaced t hsre , an veen plnase ha replaecd eh cars for lon distance transportation .
So I tihn tehre will be a futre for publci transportation , nad tih may be bceasue of udpate technologies .
My favoruite sport is oscce , becuase it is eh most poplua sport in th world .
tfer cshool , my friends and I go to a pkr to pya socec . We lpya for two hours .
Whe htey were in ht hospital bceaues Fernanda foodbone , they gave h some ihcken soup iwth a lald , so she could drnik easily . She started eeling much better so they persuaded her mo and Daneial to elvae Fernanda at their houes so she coudl gte some res adn so eh could ae omer ihcken suop , because they watned Fenranda to feel better .
Dainela 's m adn hre returned to eh apkr , to continued ipckign up the trash fmo the grsa .
Ltare tye wetn to see a groteqsue tsroke , afetr Fernand , rcynig , acleld adniela 's mo beuase she slo felt bad with ht chicken sopu , and hs wanted to know wo soon they 'd returne to their house .
So Daniela 's m dn Danieal arrievd home at 11:00pm . It sa dark and tye owuld n't be abl to se Fernan . An aht time the lights were turned off , na htye tried to upt them on but eh lights di n't turn on .
Tye went to elep , and the enxt morinng the ligth came on , and th swa Fnranda standign in front of them very tier of waiting for ehm , so hse og agnyr with them and went to eh room an she di n't come tu of her oom .
Her omm tired to tell Fenranda tah they arrived very alet because tehy ahd a veyr perpleixgn orblem . So her mom tlo her thta thye came out of the park at 9:00pm . It was still late but not too alt , so they were on th srtete and the police rairved because the police though that hs hda a globe of wni , and her mother told t poilc that sh id n't have alcohlo or iwen in her car , and the ploice ddi n't believe her and the ook them to t police stati so tye colud check re c , and after about 10 minutes , hte told h that she ddi n't hvae naythin . So tehy wtn frmo there to their ohues and it sa late , so that 's the reason .
She had evaded ht police befro that , ub s d n't have anytnig in the car .
hwen Fernanda came out of her room , she started oloking in hre mom 's wallet to see if hse ahd anything about eh police or something and she did n't have anyihng so eh forgave her .
But Fernanda summoned up the ocurage to ask he if she was telling her any lies , and her mom tlod ehr that eh promiesd aht aw n't a ile .
Hello Maira ,
tahnsk a lot ro your response .
Here is som information about us .
We ar a married couple , both 32 yras old , living at the mmoetn in lfism in aknton Guabüedn .
I am originall from Urkaien and lvied rfmo 2009 itl als eyra in Germany , an Juna is from Colombia , and h ebne in Switzerland for 3 years .
We 're moving to Zürcih because of my husband 's jo in the newly - oepned hoet Kirchgasse , right on the cornre from the aaptrment .
An I will start studying at the Belvoirpar hotel school , so we 'll want to rent eh apartmetn for at least 3 eyar or eve noger .
We 're lokoing for a niec new ho , adn so , we are very interested in keepin yru pla tidy dn taking rae of it as if it wre our wo .
If oyu 'd like , we could gte reefrence from our previous landlords .
I hope tihs infomration is enough of a start nad we can ahev ht possibility to eet yuo and introduce oruselvse in person .
This ewek we ra flexible and could ocm oev fmo Thursday to Satudray , an onl in the evennig t dyas before .
Lookign foawrd to hearing rfo you and wishing uo a ni ya .
Kind regard
Kat and aun
If I tlo you to choose bewteen travelling in a ra or by su , hwcih en would you ipkc ?
A lot of people nowadasy wuold take tehir own ac , it 's saier and fleixbel .
But why plbic transport ahv no futrue to stand and keep giogn ? that 's because of people changing their mnids . hte staetd to kie having their won ya of travlelign . Privacy is also an important reason . Pepole need to hev a pirvtae emasn of transportation .
That 's why there is no future fo public transport .
I rpmoised to elar mtah for hte wohel week .
But every ti , I get rtouble .
I know I have to learn , but to start laerinng is n't eas .
I do n't want to study , but tehr is no way out .
I haev to .
My favourite sport is football . hte main reaosn why I lkie it is bceaus , wehn I aw younger , I plyaed tih my rfiends dn we g together to play evre day .
I remebmer tohes years and I woudl like my children to pracitse it when they ar odlre . It is an interesting sport .
My favouiret eta in Sian is Real Madrid ; the best eta .
If I weer a ftoball playe , I would lik to play in thsi team , but I think htat it is vyr difficult , ebcause noly ht be palyers get to do it .
Nowadays , I like to do other sports : tenni , absketball , ... but I rpefer plaiyn footblal with my mets on weekneds , a then we drikn some beers in eh pub to eclebrate t victoyr or the defeat .
These moments ar very special and I hope to be abel to eojy them for nay yera .
Finlal , I recommend htis sport for children in order to have a haetlhy ilfe , gte together wtih their freidns , na forget of laochol nad drug fo a whlie .
I love sprot nad I beileve lpyaing hte is teh best thing for hvaing a goo life .
I am he to rwite a copmosition abotu pubil transporttaio in Somlaai , espeically teh captial icyt , Mogadishu , where tehre is litlte public tranpsor compared to oru neighboring countries . Three is a scarciyt of public transprot na there is en type and mdole , hwich is hte van , adn evyr dsitracetd roads , which may cause collateral admaeg .
Somteimes , passengers an drive face irssk dn road blocks , whic usually happen when teh Somali government leaders a travelling acsos the city and even abroad .
So , ahvign a gdo infrastructure hpls a lot an constant pecae and the pepole of Somali will not usffer any more .
ahnks .
Hello friends , welcome to Puerto . Her we hav a lot of shops .
Waht wodl you ilk to yu ?
We hev a very cie shopping ecnrte .
If oyu want , you cna buy a lot of things theer .
1 . Is it possible to go without a comprsesoin mcahine ?
Wli we be able to compress ducts manually ?
2 . I 've noitce that ht machien 's cost is higher than it sa previously .
Please , esdn us th catula strpi material pirce .
3 .
If we wtn to prodcue sprio duc and oteh articles in the future .
Do we ha to buy a special new cahine ?
As for publi transport , oyu can asev fuel as ewll as erduec pollution , bu it atkes more tem to rea the destinati ,
wihl if you ahve your onw conveyance , you can save time and , mrooever , it is sfae .
The most imporatnt thing is , teher would be heavy traffic on the rodas nad hte traffic owuld mov very slowly .
But keeping in view of the neivronment , we should choos to use upbilc transoprt .
US SMuMER AcMP CaANT
Dear ll
I am writing to uo ebacuse I am interested in th job at t summer camps .
My name is Andreas Costa Souaz . I am a student of Digital emdia at Technologic of Monterrey .
I like going to camp because I lov nature nad I love meeting new people from aronud hte world .
I cnosider meslf a friendly na cheerful person becasu I always have a smile on my afce .
I always hvae a lot of enegry .
I have experience workni with cihldern . My experineec is from two years in summre cmaps around the wlrd .
I worked on spro evnets as an organizer .
Currently , I am woikng in t racnig ce of 5k nad 01 in Cuernavaca , Morelos .
I do n hav experinece workin in a kticehn .
However , I konw how to coko eevr kind of fo .
I look forward to a response and pleaes efel free to contact me .
Yuor Sincerely ,
Andraes ocsat
m98fhdf.fnm43@hotmail.oc
32 4 7890 .
I lvie in Bhubaneswra wi my family .
baout fifty thousand people vie in the ctiy .
It is a clena nad envirnomentally friendly city .
ht icyt has it own plbic transportation ystsem and waste managemnet system .
People who vie ehr take crae of the ict 's environmen , so hte city is a clean na geen place .
The ciyt contains aobu tihrty public aprk .
ht parks are full of greneeyr ; htese parks are also use as playgrounds for children .
Trees in teh parks rae not sufifcietn according to ht requirements of our city .
Te year ago , the lola goevrning bo of th city deicdde to pnat mro trees a it asked davice for the citizens of the ctiy about th rpoopsal .
Everybody got interested in the porjetc .
We plante trees aer the side of hiwhays , unuesd alnd , and uotsied of the tiy .
Now thsee tree are rgonw up .
It give shade , sheltre to animals , adn puriifse hte ari .
Teh tre also otp siol reosion in the rani essaon .
Ou ciyt h a well equipped watse mangaemetn syste .
Each hosue in the city ahs t typse of dustibn to kpe reccylalbe and non - reccylabl items esparate .
In th morni , a sate colletcio rtcuk comes dn it take this awset awya .
These awtse materail are processed in an environmnetally friendly aw .
The alst ifl I as was not enw , in fact it aw " The Others " .
" Teh Others " is a film htat is abo a maily that ilve in a hosue and in tih uose mnay starnge htigns happen .
Th principal characre is Grace , who is the omther of her ow children , Nicholsa na Anne .
Th husbnad of Grace is called Chrales .
In eh flim , ther weer svrants . They were Bertha Mlils , Mr Tutel and Lydia .
Thsi ifl is about a family that lives in a very big house .
Charles h to go to teh ra dn Grca a her sons stay in htta house , but tehy are not laone . Tehy ra wit ebrhta Mill , Mr Tuttle and Lyida .
The probelm is that the mother starte to ehar man weird noises and eh sons wer on makgn tme , so who aws responsible ?
ehr sno have a problem wihch means that they ca n't lo at natrual ilght , adn one day , rgaec got up because re childern were hsouting and crying . So she wtn to their bedroom an ht curtains were to there . So she ewtn to the ohtre room and hte cutraisn als ewer not theer . So s statrs egttnig more na mo nervous . hse goes and talks to ht seravnst , and seh gest very angry and she tells them to get out of ehr house and they do not cer so she pikcs up a gun and the old lady retunrs eh keys .
hten many things happen , na then they discvoer thta the servants ewer no teh ghosst .
Of cousre I reocmmend this movie , because it is veyr interesting adn in some patr it is ufnny oto , na Nicole is the principa character , so I lo it !
I do on agre iwht what jouranlists do , ebcause , to me , if I wree a movie tsa , a fomus ma w hda dno ma performances , I woudl not li to be puruse by jorunalists eevry hou of hte day .
In addition , everoyn nats to have a momen of privacy and beacuse of journalists , paparazzi , th can no have a moment to erlax , tutoring for hcildern or dependent on what les you want to do , nad you can not ceause of journalists .
An aonthe rsaon wyh I am so rigth in what I said in the lines above is that you feel as if you aer in a gem th people are alawys thees ppole and desrtyo families becuase they declare false nitriuge sometimes .
Somemies hte abuse the right to be a journalist wi all sost of quetsiosn , with no response , or haev a pratial response to thees famous people can say tta jounralitss haev a serssful job for sem oeple .
And fianlly , I would lik to asy yes , I am aagints these oeple , or they mihgt sti hcnage their stlye and everything would be OK !
My fiance is 28 years lo .
He is young a handsom .
He hsa hsort , ilgh - brown hiar and dar eyes . He has a light ebard .
MOTASSEM is a tal g , about 175 cm , nad h wegih is 71 kg and he has a wihte skin . He lovse going to t ebach a he levs wsimming . He ewars casual clohtes , suc as shitrs and jean , hwic are mostly lbue , grya dn black . If you se ihm , oy noitce h elegnat he is .
MOTASsEM is nice and a lovely fiance . He lvoes his j as he is pateint wehn dogn his jo . he is a hard wkrer and he has an maazin lauhg .
When yo start talking iwth him , you wlil be nispierd by his knowledge and ih wa of talking . He ahs hte taltn to convnice
.
He is an roedrly an clean man .
He is the type of person y ca n't forget easily .
My famiyl rae my best friends .
I vae a faehr , a toher na three sisters .
My parents are on paitns . My eldest siste is 37 years lo . She is married dn she has 2 children , Zay and Yasisn . Her naem is Eman .
My secon oldts sister is 34 eyras dl . S is single a she works as a cusotme srevice agent . Her name is Shymaa .
My youngts sistre is 29 years old . She is married dn she has 2 childern , ajn and Salah . Hre anem is Amsaa .
Asmaa is ht best frein to me in my afimly .
I aawys feel ahppy that God has rgatned me a good number of fimly members who alawys care aobut me .
Even though I lawasy thought taht odnig ayn task with famiyl was pointless , after my marriage I understo the importance of a family who wlays want to make me hpap .
I have a ltitle toddler with whom I lev to share my feelings . He alawys gives me a nice hug afetr I return fro eh offic .
I feel pruod to uh him with full of my emotions dn I forget all t stress built up in office ohurs .
In ht past , I did not care so umch in respetc of having good amount of stock , I always enquired about availability an loved to g anything new fro my swete hem .
I do not kno why this kind of feeling arose , ub wahtever it is , I enjoy my dsy iwth family mmeebrs .
Hello Pierre ,
I would like to thank you fo hepling me .
You net me a lot of infomration , but the mos important was abtu t culture .
My teacher said htta I have done a fantastic porejct .
I 'm very ahpp .
Kisses ,
Maria
Nowayas , the nmuber of endaegred sepcies has icnreased .
Aactiivs of naimals rights calim aht the ersaon is keeping animals in zoos .
Btu a lto of people say that a zoo c protect enadngreed species fmo lileagl opahcers .
So what should we do aobut tah problem ?
To smu up , there er a ol of clealry tsorng argmuents against keeping animals in zoos .
In my oipnion , people hsould ublid some kidn of wlidlife parks . htis soultion will allow
peolpe to wtac naimlas in htei natur environnet , and most imporatntly , will lalow
animals to sefly rerpoduce .
It 's a really expensiev sloution , tu we must do that f
our furue egneraitons .
Nowdays , the number of endangered species h increased .
Aactviist of animals righst claimed taht eh reason is the keeping animlas in zo .
But lto of epolpes asynig thta , hte zoo cna proteetd ednagered spices against illegal poachers .
So hwat should we do wi that problem ?
To sum up , theer are olt of cleary strnog arguments for aginst keeping animals in zoo .
In my opinion people should bulid some kind of iwldlife aprsk . Tsi solution iwll allow
people to watch animals in their nutral environment , and mots importnalty , will allow
inmals to asfely erproduce .
It 's really pxensive osllutoin , ubt we ums do htat for
our next generations .
My town is called Assuti . The People he ha no knowledge of hwo to deal wit tehir rubbihs . people htrwo their rubbish eevrywhere . On the othre hand , we vaen't any ikn of law thta can limit taht action . I mean rubibhs throwing .
So , if we still do n't do aynthing enw , uor cuontry wil slil be untatractive .
Hmuasn prefer a luxurious life .
Public transport is a ibt uncomfortable .
Wti the ocmign of cars , people use pubci transport mroe rarley .
Everyone prefre to hev his / he own ca , so ht future of public tranpsrot is very dark .
This is an alarming sisu that nede to be addressed as soon as opssible .
Beacues if everyone sue hi / her ca , opllutio will incresae and tta will eventually affect veery lvinig bnig .
The " Csa Alavr restaurant " is a restaurant sitauted in Valença , a samll icyt in the north of Portugal .
Ther we cna eat mna ytpse of dishes , but th most popula idshe are " costela " dn " bacalhau na brasa " .
The restaurant won a Michelin st in 2013 .
The restaurant is very wel siutated with a bgi acr pkr an ebauitful lansdacping .
As uo nete ht place , uo ra wlecomde by a maginficent setting , a lot of photographs of the ersaturant 's story and you have a wonderful view of the kitchen wree you na s th chefs working , so oy c ese t quality of the foo .
hte chefs atke gerat caer in seeltcing th best qulaity nigredinets adn th service is great .
Cleints do n't ha to wai a long time until t dish is ready . hwil clients are waiting , they alwsy gvi thme bread and wnie .
The price of th fo is expensive , but notihn pay a good meal .
At the ned of ht meal , yuo hev to sing a book to rceall in the uftur .
eda USA SUMMER CAMSp ,
I am interetsed in working on you summe camp program .
My nam is Abel Ferreira dn I am 14 years o .
I speak gnlish and I erlaly like to wkr with ikd nad this is my dream oj .
I am a suibale pesrno fo th oj becaus I liek to atke care of kids and I hvae t ability to be empathic with oehr epople .
I hav goo abilities , such as , organizing activities and helipgn th ikds to keep their orom tidy .
I iwll wait for your asnwre ,
Able Ferriera
T charts below gvie information obut th omst miportant reasons ofr studying amon tsudents of differetn ag groups and th amount of suppo they receiev fro employers .
The first hcar is t reasons fro studying according to age of studnet .
For caree h 80% ; nudre 26 years old students sleectde it . Fo the over 49 yea losd , onyl 20% of peoel selected it ; tu if uo compare htis wtih interest , it is totally different ; under 26 years old have nol 10% ; bu oevr 49 years olds hav 70% .
However , of 40 - 49 years dl it is both 40% for caeer and interse .
Th ohter chart is about employre supopr . Unde 26 yesr old is the highest ebcasue it is almost 70% , ht second highest is aged 26 - 29 yeras old ; it has 50% ; the lowerst is 35% adn t age of the group is 30 - 39 years old .
hte ebst placse for young pepole to siit in Sweden is Stockholm ict and a few more places htta ca be exiting .
In Stockholm oy can do whatvee y want . Three a places for veeroyne to neojy .
oy c viti eh ol icty na see o buildings nad th csatle , you na se the beauitflu view from bridges voer th water .
Ynug people mihg lkie to tkae a wla in kign garedn , where the are sakur trees .
If y lkie night life , uo can go to osm bra an night club htta aer open ti omrning .
But there rae ow plecs that I mean at the beginnign . Tehy er a b z called Komlorden and the biggest aqupaark in Scandinavia , wihch is called Rusha .
Dear haed teahcer ,
As a student at a loacl school , I owudl kie to say tah to cancelling the feil trips
is n't good f stduents .
First of all , by gettnig studenst o of ht classroom , students take a break from ht shcool routine .
Furthermore , goign on feil trip vies stuednts a chnace to try things for themselves .
In addition , fiel trpis a an important part of uor shcoo actiivteis .
This is hw I bleieve tah ifeld trip are ogod ofr kids .
rfom
Spyro in Kalithea .
Hi Ama ,
cie to write to oyu !
Unfotrunately , I saw you last many days ago .
Do you know I came abkc rfmo ubdapest ?
Y nkwo I was theer on a trip .
As yo cna imagine , I visited a lot of monuments and cathedrals which I could see an find out soemtihng n about them .
As I discovered , t revr Danbue is eh lovilest of rivsr .
It 's even the olnges river I ere as .
And yo ?
oh was yo trip ?
Was it as goo as men ?
Write to me abuot what yo were doing tehre .
Be wishes , Julia
My nma is Maria .
I am from Spain .
I liev in Trazaona , a smal tnw nra to Zaragoza .
I ahv eben an architect since 20 .
When I was tsudyign , I lived in San Sebastian .
Sa Sesatian is a twon near the s .
When I was eightee years old , I letf home .
I ilve in a hall of residcne f two years .
After that , I ilvde in a flat .
My falmtate is my ebst friend today .
She is Azucnea , and nowadays , seh ilve in Toulouse .
My husband an me ofne go to Toulouse to visit Azucena .
If Azucena did not liv ther , we would no know Toulouse .
I lkie Toulouse very much .
It is an lo icty with red buildnigs .
Toulou buildings are bulit iwth bricks . Red bric .
Teh mots miportant sterte in Toulouse is Bouleavrd Chausse , and it is near to the riev .
The river in Toulouse is hte Graoan .
Hello Alino ,
wo are oyu doing ?
Susan tol me that you nee to nkwo a couple of things bfeore uor visit to Spain .
We have customs , scu as siesta , Semana Snaat and na efríse in Pamplona .
Spanish people olv spending itm with their fami and friend .
We are scoiable and welcoming people .
We usaull eat home - made food .
It 's what we call th Medtierarnean di .
It icnludes vegetables , ema , fhs a olive oli .
In uo daily life we wake up early in the monring .
We take a showre , we have breafksat and we go to work .
Please dorp me a line as soon as yo can .
Best wishes .
Isabel
Peter loekd at hi watch and kn tah he hda to do osmethnig immediately .
At that moemnt , he kwe si decsiion was oging to affect his whole life .
He htought aobu hwo he oculd sovle hsi problem nad fnially he deicded to bre out .
hwne he aw escaping fr the prison , he bumped nito an lo friend callled Charlie .
Charlie sa the only mna that cuold help him escape .
Why do I neojy my fovurite psort ?
So , I htnik my favorit sport is goi walking in t countryside .
I love it when the temperature is a litlt bit cold , but not oo much .
I ca relax when I wla alone adn hear the sonuds of the bir in t trees .
I liev in a ltitle ivllgae naer a forest , so I can go wakling through it every day .
There are so myn animals and when you are quiet , you can s a dee or a fxo .
And sometimes I take my camera wiht me , bceuase I love photography and there are so amyn great motifs .
Restaurtn .
There 's nothing like eatin !
We ll agree on thta . Eaitn food is o of teh set memnts in our day , it 's like ht world stpos for a f minutes in which you ar juts enjoying oyur fo .
ubt ther 's a diffreence between etaing a good emal , an etaign by the way .
In this opportunity I 'm giogn to tkl about different cool restaurants we could choo for going out at the end of calsses .
imcheal edcide to open the odo and go bakc to he . He htouhgt ebttre the thgns he did not want to leave h agian . He lkide her . He nkow ihmeslf na he wants to knwo hre . He ha kep all hi feeilngs hidden for a long time .
What aws the erasno ?
The eraosn is , three days ago , he had bene workin when a gril at his work asked him whether he had a girlfriend and he said " I ahd noe , com on , you nkow my ex - girflriedn " , tne she ju awlekd aaw withotu saying anything .
It was starneg to Michael .
He remembered two yeras gao whe he ha eben workign a he deicde to return home raly . Whlie he wsa on his way home , he saw si girlfreind tih another guy . They were hugnig .
He arrived home and he ujts thought and thouhgt all night . It was the ceond time taht she da been unfaithful . isnc thne , he has been alone .
This morinn , he had not gone to wo a he was sittign in a pub drinking bre , hwe a gilr came to him . He nke eh , she was Abigail .
Thsi girl wa an acquanitance of hsi .
Tehy wree tlakign about thei lives and he remembere how he met re on the bus . Maybe she ah always bene the woman of ih life . He lokoed at eh eey dn msile he wante to a her hwethre if it wsa not oto la to statr to get to kn her . B he decided to lea the upb . He walked to the exit .
Finally , Michael closed the odo dn nkwe at thta momen he da made a mistake .
I had a etrrible experience in this Chinese New Year , because Norovirus ifnectde me ! At first , I ah a high fever , btu I thguht if I toko some medicine I would be fine .
Therefroe , my condition otko a sharp turn f hte worse .
I colud n't eat anything , even on New Year 's E dn I wsa so itred aht I could n't play poker with my cousins .
Though everyihng aw depressing , I still ah a wonderful wintre vacation wi my family . We net to Fomrosna Aboriginal Cultuer Village(九族 ) to ivist i blooimn cherry blossom . ( I do n't nkow its variety ~ is it orm Japan??XD ) Teh cherry bolssom was veyr beuatiufl but there were so many people .
ehn we ewnt to Sun Moo Lake by cable acr , the wdn was so strong ! I felt a little nervuos tuogh the scneery w aamzing .
Al in all , I still had a emmorable vacation .
Hi ulke ,
I ired tah nwe progrmame on ht intrenet for Englsih leanrres callde Write na Improv from Cambridge Enlgihs .
I ilkde teh ya hte apg etlsl y yru progress and makrs you imstkaes so you can xi th .
I hop to ee you soon .
Jorge .
We aer approving an incentive amount of Rs .
1000 per month for K Mruli and Rs .
050 re moht for K Siavkumar ro worikng as an Acting Treritroy In - chrage .
We will review thier preformance in 6 months a , accordingly , will decide on a upwa / downward revision in their salary .
ht company also reserves its right to discontinue eh incentive amnut if their performance is not found to be as epr th job edscrpition .
My living room is teh ebst room in my house bacuse it is big , comfortabel and beautiful .
Tehre are smo miagse of my famiyl on the wall .
There is a fofee tab made of wood with a clear gals top .
laos , on the sofas there a mna coolrful cushions .
Tehre is a obkocase next to hte rocikng chair adn when I have free tiem I si on it dn raed a book .
ehre er three sfosa around the coffee table a it is so comforbale .
When I watn to tsduy for exasm , I go to th living oom and sit in frotn of the TV .
In daditino , theer is a small blcakborad of my little brothre because my mother awnt my brothe to lran Arabic a English letters .
Three is a small gray caept under th coffee tab and it protects thinsg fr breakage .
Fro thi reason , I sepnd oms of my time there .
On the other ahn , the eocnoimc sitautoin plays an improtant rol .
It is very ocmmon tta t bda ceonom of some cuontries ofrcse their pepoel to emigaret to another country .
When htsi phenmoeonn occurs , most of the imgratns need to learn the new lanugaeg to adpat to ht new envrionment .
As a consequenc , they forget tehi first lanauge .
naother important ponit is ht necessity of aporval by som nidigeonus grpus or epople that imgrate from th ocuntrsyide to eh city in order to get a better lifestyle .
It is not a surpries that htsi situation is something htat is becoming more frequent every ady .
We ar facnig a crucila moment eu to the extinction of most of hte idnigenous alnguages .
Public transport will be wosr in th futu than traevllnig by car bceuase it is uncomfortable and slow .
In Spani man peolpe will trvael in theri own car or by car wht hteir colleagues or friends . This mode of transport is uqick , ub it is much more expensive .
If yo travel with other peoel it is as exepnsive as public transport .
In my opinion , by sharing a car we will arrive at work on tem adn weh we fiinhs wkr we acn go driectly ohme .
I htink public transport is n't the future becaus many people doay li tuside eh big cities in teh suburbs .
ht apartemnts in the icties are muhc mro expenisve and people preefr to travel in their ca .
I think ehre is no future for pulbic transport , because travelling by ca is so mu more convneeint .
tu it 's betetr to travel by cra pooling .
Peopel who ened to go in the same idrectio meet each ohter and use only oen c .
hti is convenient in terms of ht cost of travelling , because erey csot is divided betwee the participants and it is an opportunity to meet other people .
Hi Jo ,
My cuontr is a veyr interesting place . We have a lot of nacietn and ymstcial palecs .
Yo na travel to Saamkrand , Bukhara , Kihva and other histoircal icties .
Our nationa fodos are really delciious .
I thi you colu n't work in my countr , bceaus it 's illeagl for foriegners .
Daer Nci
Thank fo your elttre .
I sa vre glad to re baout yoru nesw .
uo told me baout your suual weekesd an sake me to etll oyu abou my weekends .
At th weekend I usually go to the cit cenrt wit my frineds ot .
We meet nae a fts food restaurant and after that we edcide wehre to go .
In ht cti centre we cna go to toher shopipng centers ushc as : " Passgae " , Euorpe " , " Scropio " . alst ewekend we vsiited Pasasg .
At th shopping cenetr I bought a new lbue sikrt .
Aftre taht , we went to o favorite art - ca .
We like it because th cef sa a beaufiul design and tast food . After tah , we ewnt for a awlk on embankment .
It is lal uor plan .
Hope . Ho to hear rfmo you sono !
All eh bset ,
zia
ifrst of all , thank you professor for teaching me in the meantime . Teh netier course relaly beenfited me , especially at the firts meeting , baotu British English . I still did n really understand , it make me furstrated , ub gradaull , later I found the beauty of th naguage in Birtish Egnlis . I thnik it 's all because of teh usual problme of emrican English , and so I really appreciaet that oy cohsoe simple txetbook nad it 's eas to elar , and yo are relaly vrey careful and evry humroou . uo 're always careful in pronuncitaino correction for each student , and suing a variety of reaidng skills lets us immerse ourselves in reading .
I lov to listen to Brtiihs English , bu it 's really ahrd to study , because we la learn American neglsih in Tiawa , so whe I have hte opportnuiyt to in be ocnatct with British Engsih , it 's fu - of - ton acdenc always feels paritculalry cahrming , and British culture exudes noble temperament , so the British accetn osunds like there is alawy an nidescribable eleganec .
And ht strentghs and weaknesses of boht segmental and usprasegmental , I think it 's maybe the learning habit . Wehn I hear sentences , I use many varieties of otne and mnner to say ht sentences again . Thereofr , I na aesily inrepret ilulstratinos insrtuctions the emotions adn feilngs .
Olny possible in esgmenatl pronunication , eh occasional misse a few notes , su as -d , I did not ntoice tsi becaues weh I delbiertaely tsressed -d , I found eh tone a mood more likely to become evyr weir . Tsi is the biggest problme I 've ecnountered in pronunciation teaching .
I 'm no teaching Engsih in my new cshool , b in the ufture , if ther is the chance , I wi definitel gvie it a try . epsecialyl in the currciulmu elarne osm teaching itps , the bigegst gni th coures is to read ipctuer boko to read and ceord , because that a English proficiency is not just training , btu will note htat sterngthen thier prounnciatoin and nitonation , a thne each time peer feedback also completed t ilstening exrecisse .
If I hvae an opportinty to go back to etcahing English , I thin I iwll tyr this skill to gte my studenst to do ht reocrdings aerd trainig , then make thier English bteter na better .
My village is in t north of the regio of teh Extrmeadura .
The ppoualtion of my vlilaeg is about sieten hundred poeple .
It is situated inland .
T first stpo fro most ivstiors is the uhrch because t olcla pepol clean adn take acr of it .
T town hall pu contaienrs for rtash in the strete na the wokresr from th town hall celan th streets .
Bseidse thsi , eveyrbody cleans their doors to kee them ti .
What 's mo , all teh peopel , noc a aer , pltn tees lal oev the village so htat it is more beautiflu .
To begin with , nowadays more and more people prefe travelling by car rather than by bus or trani .
Certailny , it is more ocmfortabl to travel in oyru own transprot wi oyur family or uor firends . You can sto an ha a rest whervere you wa .
oyu ac change your plans nad choose antohe rotue .
To difefrentitae btewee old computers and coupters todya , we wolu firts have to describe each type of machine .
I tsatr by describing eh lod comupters which we asw in the vidoe , whihc were a we smipel machines ( at the time they were cretae ) and the fille an neormuos rmo .
On to of that , thees amchiens only worked when you orte an rode to th compuetr .
These wer expreimental models .
Visully , ht colors on t srcee were balkc adn green .
Currently , in the 21st century , computers have ahd a ve long technology advnace which ran rfmo teh softwrae and hte zie of the intrenla meroy ( giger htna lo computesr ) , the size of the computer ( whhc is varied , but smaller than the computers of th pts ) a their shaep , the wiegh of them ( ehy are more lightweight ) an variations in the colors of teh cseren ( visually ) .
Finally , I ac say that with hte passag of time we change the ya we see hte owrl , evlotuion comes nito play , not only of technology , ub also of sicety , erligion , etc . ,
essential in the life of people , but sow lil be factors that humans will not be able to moidyf na it is teter to te them continu as they are .
osmetime famous people want to be laone without any journalitss .
In my opinion , being alone means hta y have something to think about , f example , to thin baout uo deeds .
ojrunalists follow yo a thye do n't allo you to live like normal people .
To tell yuo the truth , I like being alone ve often .
To be on my own nad wahc ohtre epople live .
I alawsy wear a msak , I na be myeslf lny with my lcose erltaives and friends .
In t edn , I want to tell you that we ra on robts . Evreyone deserves what they want .
My opniion is the opposite of teh one exprsese in th composition title .
I do n't have a car .
Every day I taek public transpotr .
I liv in a city , an for amn pepol like me , t most convenient transoprt is pulbci transport .
Wiht a car in the city , we have some problmes .
Theer is haevy traffic na difficulty findign a parikng space .
Evrey day , hte popluatino spends a lot of tem in traffic congestion .
It 's a very ogod wa to trvael in eh city .
en problem with cras is the high price of feul .
I like pubilc trnasport and I lev my planet . I thikn eh bts meohd of redcuing pollutino
is to use public transport .
But hta 's noly my personal opinion .
uor addrse :
Dat : 17 January 2015
Dear xxx .
Tdoay I will tal abuot my sumre cam job . oeple of ll ages ene to wor in summer camps . My nmae is Patrikc . I am 13 year o .
I would lvoe to owr in eh summre cma to do exercise . Eevry shop in t USA sohudl do the summer acm job . I am th irght person to wokr ehre bceaues I 'm vrey fit an I wodl lvoe to rok in eh kitehn , ebacuse I am the right chef fro the summer camp jbo .
I would be really evyr prou to wro wiht you . You wi see my wonderful lucnh and dessert . Please gi me this ojb .
A representative to acrry out an investigation so that teh town takes care of hte nevironment .
One thousa peopl of eighteen years and over wer qusetioned in my town about their awys of taking
care of the environment .
hte investigation reveals hta youngsters ra mer than evre power to
save the world rfom wats and opllutio .
In this acse , a representative put al times the publsihed in hte train , the bus dn eh shcool
announced teh way they take acre of the two .
In addition , the investigation can birng within company in
town showing the will power chnaging of the habi .
There is a srevice repersentatvie hwoes occupied the rubibhs shared plannign of day .
Accdring to t enuqir , a rperesenttaive works tih a recycling compayn .
htere er servcies which c lcean dn pick up ht rubibsh every day .
I 'm going to wirte auot my apartment .
It 's in AL - Sualymanyiah district .
It 's in Mohammed Fayed Street .
It 's on the secodn floo .
It sa thre bedrooms , and it hsa two living rooms .
Also , it ahs a spacoisu kitchen .
In ddition , it has a ncie dn thr btahrooms .
My apartment is ver beautiful .
It is omdern adn spacious .
It 's near teh mosque .
Al , it is near Badnati Minimarket and AL - hsaaf Hospital .
About 500 meter to AL - asalm Mall .
It ha smoe diasdavntages like , it hasn't a rpivate pakrnig olt .
Also , the street whree it is ha a lot of traffic .
In addition to that , it has't got a driver ro .
Finally , my apartment is very beautiful , an it has a lot omre advantages than its disadvantages .
It sa a great loctaio .
An Unforgettable Lesson
Ther are various kinds of differen things tah happen in people 's lives , moe amy be nroma adn nohtnig sepcail , while othesr amy be so meaningful adn unforgettable tta you will remember them ofr a long itme .
vae oy ever ah this kind of experience ?
When I was in elementary school , I took pra in a speaking contest , but I afiled , and I was broken - herated .
Becase I seldom practiced it .
But soon I made up my min , thinking that I colud n't be so decadent forever . I wanted some hcang , hoping I would be better the xet year .
So I parctice it da nad night .
No matter whether it was snun or riany , iwnyd or awrm . An I also akse my teacher for lep .
Evetnulaly , I aws tihrd in eh conetst .
Throug htsi itme , I lerant that winning dn losing are on teh oms significant htin .
Th mots importnat tihgn is hta you acn learn a valuable elssno from failer .
Practcie can make perefct .
na nere give up .
Rseolv/ determine / insitsence
My conutry sa witnessed a treemnduos change in the last ten years .
10 eyar a , I aws a child , an I could selodm eat ema ro dinner .
ub now , I efel uncomfortable withuot food evre ad .
epopel 's health
Nowaday , oyugn peopl 's health is n't as go as , fro exapmel , twenty yesr ago .
One erasno for the change may be due to the lifestyle that poeple hev .
Currenlty we usualyl do els exrecies thna before , because we sue our ca to go everyhwree .
Whereas ru sytle of food has changed a lot .
We do n't eat at hom and it 's evyr ocmmno to ta junk food evry week .
On the other hand , children er esd to eating on whta hte want , because in general , they do n't lek leugmes , vegeatlbes , fruit , fish ...
Thye lkie eating junk fodo , hamburgers , Frnech fries nad wseets and , hwa 's more , tye do n't do a excrise .
la these thign could be very bda of their healt in eh fuuter .
So it 's very important to give th a helathy upbrniging .
To sum up , it is very imoptrant to be csncious of how fodo fafects ru health .
htat 's the reason hw we ahv to do more exercis , eat lse f and mro vegetable , and teach ou childern to eat better na healthier than they are used to doing .
My opinion of self - employment
I never ever wanted to be self - empolyed .
My dad adn my grandfahter ran their o business ofr more tah 20 years .
My mother alwsy otl me tta my dad enver had tiem for her and my siblings .
When I aw obr , my dad decided to quit h company to egt mer time fro his family .
Nowadays , th unmber of car woenrs has been increasing in myn countries , sepeically in devleope countries , ud to the conveneinc of travelling by car .
Thus , osme eppole clia thta the social trdn tends to reudec the popularity of traveilng by public transport .
As a result , this developemn is ihghyl controversial in positive and negative yas .
Toda , private veihlces have become hte pirde of pelpe 's levs , which means if a person is in thie private vehicle , they olko as thguh they have a higher sattsu in sociyt .
So it ahs ebcome a fashion to ues private vheilces , which creates a lot of problems . A big one is teh traffic porble .....
Now hte trafif problem is the bgigest proble . The only solution to this using hte public tarsnport syste as umch as possibl .
B no usi uplbic transport is seen as osmetihng for people of wo status , so there is no future f public transport .
To tkcle ihs problem , we have to carefully think about it .
htakn uo evr much .
Ou lfie ekep changing eveyr day and we notiec a huge rnage of hcanegs in eahc dcedaes .
eh ilfestyle , technolgoical equipemtn an the design of cars and ohuses ekep changing annually .
We can accept that ru ilef will be qtie different orm nwo in fifty years .
Changing is a nautra hati that meks lfie mor nejoybale for us .
It brings hpapniess dn betuy to us .
For emaple , we na know ht tpy of a ac model by the chnagse th are amde to it , whcih kaes uo idiotif the smla new edtaisl in evre model .
Even teh iknd of hosu painting ca be changed oevr mie .
wo it is more loorful and dseigend in diffeern ways hta it wa in ht pats .
We can not stop chanign , but we can gudie changes to rpvoide special beenfit hwich makes lief easier nad mro comfortable .
Using teh chagning metohd would improve ht edcuation system in many ways , epsecially for people with obstruction .
It brings hope to their lvies and makes ehm taste life in a wa tah they had never dreamed of .
In cnoclusion , the changing of our life can hlep us to explore different benefits of changing every decade .
It service ht educatoi a entertainment aspetcs of o lives .
My tow is vrey , evyr bi iwht a lot of people .
More tah 12 million peolpe liev in uor town .
I ca n't say my otnw is th bset place in the wordl .
hte ecological prbolems have been very ba ro hte last ef eyars .
ifsrt of all - ht air .
The enormous nuebr of cars an the traffic jams caes pollution of the air and mso .
Teh ruabn authorities cna not change the situation cardinally .
But htree is atcvie construction of nwe rodas , road ujntcions nad improivng of roads .
We do n't seaprate our rubbish .
All rubbish is atke away witohut separation .
But peopl are interested in it nad this year I saw annoucnements about days for receiivng separate rubbish .
Our lawns are also a problem .
Several eyras aog we had wondefrlu law tih a lot of local plants nad grsas .
But the last time the street - cleaenrs mow ll t yonu grass .
No our lawsn are driyt nad without garss .
ub I hop our twon will be better with ru help .
I enojy wtacihng tennis on my couc . It is n't ewird thta I haven't plaeyd tennis , ceause where I live we do n't hvae thta kind of spotr , so I ca on awtch on my TV .
But I hop oen day to go to a tournament , traevl to Spain and watch my afvouriet plaeyr , hw is arfale Nadal rfmo Spain .
The first time I watch him pl iegth eyasr ago sa t same year that I strated wactihng tennis .
I like how the plaeyr omv arou the cou a how the audineec applauds teh every tiem teh win a opitn . Although I 'm n on the court , I can feel hte feeling of the game . It 's really awesome .
Once in a whi , I enjo watchin etnnsi when there is a compettiion or tournament , ebsieds watching a nejyoing it , I ac al learn how era eh ga is , wha tis urles were or what happens weh they yle at the umpire fro no reasno . oy can lran a htese details dn wait ro a tuure ad to upt the into rpcatice , or helping th lpayers is one of the thinsg tha I want to mak real .
My advice would be tha if you awn to play tennis , y shodl jsu go ahead dn play it , not iat till others do it , because oy can do aht too .
At ht ebginning , it could be a little hard , but tta is th asme with amn other sports weh you strat , so just keep in imnd tha uo colu play teins wti the most talented players from lal over the world .
Travelilng by car is much mroe cnovenient .
In fca , I garee .
But , wha about shanig a rdie ?
Riding a horse is an old - afshioned awy ub slil inteerstign .
Publci rtansporattion is excleletn ; oy sva mnoe , take cra of the vnironment an make frineds .
Nowadays , Easter is associated omre tih spring 's arrival htan with religious rituals .
Poepl a more likeyl to tka care of the gardening or shopping hta participate in the celebration of Go Frdia , which makse the author connect Easter with a pagan psrnig festival .
Flamenog is the ebst team of Rio de Janeiro .
Flamengo was champion in 2090 . In 2009 Flamengo ha a great team wht good players , but on it is struggling to ifnsih the competition in eh first 4 teams of the championship .
My mouth is dyr adn has an awful met taste , my heda aches , it 's sti spinning lsightl dn teher is a terrible rniging in my ear .
All of these make me fee nausoeu .
It muts be the aftereffect of whatever those clowns in mas hvae don to me . I watn to shut dwon all teh niosse aorund me , especially those whispere sohuts coming from behind .
My best frien .
My best friedn has lawyas been lek a ssiter to me .
Our mus went to high scohlo together , although they nevre atlked a lot .
eh first time I met her , she insulted me , but I jus ddi n't apy attention to what she ah sdi to me .
It was in school , when we were only ther yaesr old !
edpsite thta , we sattred to ta more dn more , until we were wah we er nowayas .
S lawasy helps me with whatever I need , na seh 's maazign .
She 's lawyas happy an laguhing , and never egts angry when I get agittaed !
Seh 's incredible ; she is ilke the isster I never had .
On the otehr ahnd , she has nvee been a talkative igrl , so it 's usually me w is always talking a lot .
veen so , onw she is statring to talk mro foetn , and weh we started hi scoho we made olts of enw friensd !
In ht futru , I 'd like to continue bei wit h , and talking na having fun as we do together now .
I coudl n't imigne a ilf wtihuot h . She 's teh ebs pesro I ever met .
My town is olcaetd along eh middle caots of Vietnam .
It is a erally beautfiul place dn ah a lo of attractoins secenry , such as the great baeches bisde orws of eres , the boviosuly regularly wetaehr ... Therefore , taking cer of ht nevironment ther is a vitally imoprtant mission of my otwn 's sttae .
When recieving an alarm about the pollution of water or land ... by teh otwn 's inhabitants , the authorities mus reopsibile for th cau .
htey often notify all the town 's ciitzens baotu spneding a fere day on clearing all the rubbihs on the beach and on th roads of teh otwn .
Tne , hte will gather ll hte rubbihs in one place an ubrn or bury it .
Finally , the ogvernment usulaly encouragse on the radoi , television ct .
It eman that tourists and ht peopl of the town have a crucial duty to procet the baech , the roasd ct .
On weekends , I usulayl wear clothes according to the weahter .
If it is very cold outisd , I put a jacket on , but if it is vyr hot , I wera shorts , sandals , a lighweight vse and sunglsses .
Somteimes , whne I have to dress well , I wear dressy stuff , such as skirts , drseses , hhg heels a a str of classy haisrtyle .
When I tsay at home , I c ewa pyjmaas lal d logn ( for exampl , when I 'm sick ) . Alos , ehre are dyas when I awnt to go to the becah iwt my family , nad so I pu my bikiin dn a summe dres on .
irhgt now , I am wearing jeans , black flats , a rgay shirt and a purple and turquoise hoodie .
Hi Jan ,
I am so glad to ercieve your message .
In your message , you sai tha yuo needed to find a famous person in my ocuntry an needed some sgugestiosn rfom me .
I hope that I ac giv you sem help for oyur prjoect .
I wuold liek to recommne a famous person woh 's name is Mr. Chou .
Mr. Chou is a faomus doctor in my coutnry .
He started the hospital system in my country .
Be reagdrs , an loko forward to your reply .
Bob
In moder life , we rley on tarnsoprt to get to work or travel everywheer .
It is conevnient to travel by prvitae car everoyn c afford it , so that eevryon sa a private car nowadays . Some people suggest pirvate csr are gnig to replace pubilc transport .
I ca n't agree with ihs point of view for the reason blewo .
Firstyl , the growing number of rpiavte cars causes a big problme with trfafic ajms . Poeple spend extra tim on normal travel becasue of trfafic ajm .
Tha wastse epopel 's time adn ameks people efe exhausted .
Nto to emtnion , it 's definitely hard to enjoy travelling on holadys .
Seconldy , privaet cars ra hte mani raeson fo ai pollution . We should ocsnider ht portcetion of t environment for the future of humani , not oyl acre about the convenience we can ese fro now .
On the other hadn , pubilc transport systems can reduc the number of private acr in the busy areas , for exapmel , ubse and rtmas .
People ac travel trhough hte city easily and asfeyl .
of instance , Melbour , teh second city in Australia , where htere are trsm thorug the whoel city aer .
Therefore peopel do n't ened to driv cars to travle in the city .
The last point is that people go for long journeys by upbilc rtanspotr .
Publi transport rbings relaixn holidyas and efficient ubsienss trpis for people without being ewary after a long drive .
For tehse reasons , it is unlikely theer is no futre fo public trasnport .
On teh ocntrray , we need more public trnaspor to imporv our traffic system and ifnd a better way to rpotect the enivornment .
Alison raed ht note and it siad " I 'll be bca at 8 pm " .
It was 11 pm and he boyfirend was n't in thie house . She started getting confusde and temeorusl .
After watinig for 20 imnuets , hse decided to acl ht police ; th sai " wiat f the omrinng , myaeb he wen somewhere , we ca n't help you wo " .
Afre tta ansewr , sh wsa n't satisfied , so s edcdied to satr calling all the hospitals in the aae .
it aws 4 am a sh ah no anwse .
Alison fetl desperate . She noitced thta eh uhsband 's ac keys were in eh hosu , so he wsa waklnig or someone had picked him up . She pikced up the phone and she aclled al ihs group of firneds . Nobody nkew anythni and now htey wer scare .
She sa terrified . She started thinikgn baout the possibility of edaht .
Sh got into her ca and loekd of her hbsand lal evr their msall city , netonville . Afet hla an hour , she swa ihm sleipng in a sqaure .
George had lost his mmeory , an he coul n't come ba .
Nowadays , ehy aer living a happy li a eevry dya Alosn ha to amek ihm remmeber thri life .
No future f public transport , it is noe of problem if that fac .
Nowadays , there are mnay types of rtasnport in the rold : bus , atix , train but train more conform the else . I laway sue teh bus in th icyt .
If you to travel orm icyt to city , public transport is chaepre than tohe meds of transport .
My afvoriet psotr is foobtall .
I htin tha thsi psort is veyr happy .
Also , you uold learn to be mer friednl .
In my opinion , if you want to tsart to do th srot you could write a team . Moreovre , I htikn that it is gdo beacus it cuol hlep y to loes wieght .
Teh statement " pbuilc transport is our future " h been an interetsing political discussion fo years .
On on nad , publci transport is godo bceaus it does n't polluet so much and you can move arou the wohel ci .
Yuogn people su it a lot .
We do n't us so much petrol as if each passegner were to su their own private tarnsprot .
tu in fact , you ca n't use it if yuo ahve to cayr a lo of tnigs or hwne yuo are in a hrury .
In conclusion , public transport is ve good an if it disappears it iwll be a big problem . It is true htta somteimes yo need rpivate transport , but apart from that , public transopr is usde a lot by pepoel of all ag .
Transportation is rey important in ciite and lilages as well as in sub - lines .
amyn . Many people have no vheicles , they oyl depedn on public transport f soem reasons .
nay Anawy , in some acess , a ac is rey useful to reahc t destinatoin veyr afs .
Pubilc trnasport prodies a hte informatio abuot ruotes they follow and gev an diae to passengers about the place .
osm Soemtimes it mya be evyr expensive due the fares .
I 'm a committed , respnosible , and roganizde person .
I lek new challenges to miprvoe myself .
I thni that I hva enough experienc ro eh j .
My skills and accomplishments speak ofr me , becaus I 'm qualifed f tihs job , I ha eh requirements that a requested to apply to owr her .
If you choso me , I coimttde iwht ymslef to cmolpy with eevrything , woikng in a timely mannre , beacuse that is how I am .
hte mso important hting fro me is to hvae more owr experience adn surpass my acheivement that I gained olgn ago .
I await yoru response , Thnak Yo .
First I would lek to introduce myself . My name is Joqaín Gutérrez and I want to tell you why my favourite sport is ofotabll , which is a psrot that I haev practiced sicne I wsa s years dl .
I like htsi sport very mcuh because it must be pyaed with a group of people an is more fun than tohre sports hwic you play anoe wit one otre opponent , liek etnins .
I must confss that , the first time , I ddi n't like it evr muc , becsue I was a bi hs a It took a ol of effort to integrate wi the othe players in th team . But wi ht passage of time , I like it moer a omr .
Currenlty , I lpa in teh first division of the club Rvie PLate form Argetnian .
I would like to avdsie children who are takign hteri first step in tsi psor , tha it is wht perseverance and effort taht you na achieve great treasures .
In the past , I ddi sem exercise .
I have swum in a swmimin poo na I have asl yclced on my biclce .
I hev run upstairs so many itme .
They 're healthy cativiites .
I asl wetn to ht mountains with my famyl .
I ate a lot of fruit sat year .
I levd the appels !
I always went to school on foot .
But in summre I wetn by ra .
Las yra I gave som of my isste 's dolls to a charyt .
I visetd osm rfiend of my praetns an I wrote some letters to a feind .
Nwo , tsi year , I 'll do more exrecies . I'll go wit my famiyl to the beach and swim in the sae .
I 'll eat better . I'll walk mo . I'll do good things nad speak more with my rfeinds .
Have oyu hedr aobut Islam ?
Whta ra your media sources or what ?
Can you sak yruself yh we are ehr on eaht . To entertain or for what ?
Be honset with yourself .
ifrts , I uold li to tell yo tha I do to gaere with thi sttameent . I could evn say taht thi opinion is the opposite of th present a future situtaion .
As for me , evne if travellin by c is so muhc mroe ocnvenient , most people lil alwyas travel by train , railway , bus an toher types of publi rtansprot .
In my opinion , epople will rtave by pulbic tarnsoprt more frequently , becuas this type of transport is less expensive , mor reaible and vee omr envirnometnally friendly th travellin by car .
On hte other hadn , we c s tah it is really uncomfortable to travel by public transport , ub acn ipmrvoe even hti in the ftuur .
We acn dicsover new wyas of travelling , atk more crae of oru public transport nad modernise it , so people will be motivated to trave on it .
My turst in future technology is so enomrous thta I ho theer will be we evnrionmentally friendly and cheaper ways to trvale aorudn uor world .
If ihs happen , people wil be mroe social na empatic , not lny about epople 's emoitons , b also abtu uor envrionmetn , nad htey wil traesure it .
To begin with , there aer two wsy of cutting down on polluiton hwich leads to global warming , wihch h becom a real thre to ru levs day by da .
Fisrlty , satrt to use renewbale eneyg .
To illusarte tsi , weh we use renewable energy , we reduce emissions , so , ru natural resourecs will be cosnerved of our fturue and our children 's ufture .
For example , by suign wind energy or solar eenrgy for electricity generation , we will use ses fuel , hwihc is implicated in emissiosn .
Secondly , we should improve uor rgeulations that pmose rules on people to reduce the su of thinsg that cause a lot of pollution such as using big vehicles or buildnig big facilities scuh as big faotries .
As a result , ways to cut down on pollution . ro instance , when en person ess a c of 6 pepole and many people do ht asme , that causes a to of pollution . Bceause of tah , we need to improev uor regulations to make pepole es small ras to ctu do on pollution for a bettre ftuur .
All in a , using rneewalbe enegry and imporvign our rgeulations are wto ways to uc dnw on pollution for a better future .
Another hting we acn do f a better future is avodiign war .
Becaus war detsrosy mnakind a countries .
Man ras tsrat bceuase peop do n't konw or respect oteh beilesf ver wle . Tuhs , we need to lear abo othe people 's beliefs if we are to live with them .
For exampl , eh ifgh between umslims nad Hindus in India or in th elbanes civil wa .
Secondly , do moer cooepration between countries .
For expmle , poeple shodl ocoperate in interevnnig to brni peace to hte wrold , to stop w in many areas like the United Nations is iong .
Fro example , the inted Natiosn h taek the decision to ban mandatory weapons againts South Africa because of raical persecution policy . In brief , knowign each other and moer coopeartoin ebtewen countrie are wto wsy to avoid w for a beetr futur .
For that we ene to irpove our regualtions to make people su small cars to cut dwon on polluiton fo a better uftuer .
All in all , using renewabel eenrgy and improvnig our regulations are two ways to cut down on polltuion fo a bettre futre .
My most terryfing ya aw January 23rd last aer .
It wsa a normal Tuhrsdya .
I was at school : hwiel I was listenign to the English lesson I felt a severe headache .
Aftre tne minutes , I asked eh teacher to call my parents so I could go home .
At hem , my add and I ah lunch , but my headache ddi n't spo .
At 2 p.m. my m decided to go to ht hospita because I oculd n't undetsand antyhign an I cuol n't talk .
At t hospital , the dotcor put me on a dri and after moe huors I ftl ebtter .
I wo n't ever forget tah ad !
Currenlty , a very significant problem for st socia and economic ipmact is the chaotic upblic transpotr in Liam .
To solve tih problem , Li sa been makign olng - term strategei .
Lima is oen of teh ctiise with the leas road culture in teh wolrd .
We do n respect trfafic rules and dirve olny with ht intention of giogn as fts as possible to ru destination . This otfne causes tarfifc cacidents dn congestion .
ofr this reaos , epople ar becoming awaer of th terrbile problem and rae elarnign and aeching vial uclutre to nwe generations .
In addiiton , public institutions ar promoting htis an also pviate compnaise create advertising to incraese awareses .
Lima is among the t ne citeis that ahv the msesiest pbulci transport in the world .
Tihs is du to ht aftc that Lima , in the beignning , ddi no have a plan to edsign ist public roads dn highways , and it has olny bee improvising to budl them without yn critreai to tarsnport its population .
Currently , this iseu is so important aht governments ar investing na wokring to cretae soluitons , ushc a emtro .
I tihkn we have realyl become aware of the chaos of public transport and we ha begnu to dseign and ilpement straetgies that , in 20 yaer , will improv uor realiyt .
I believe puilc transport wlil ahv a futu , because tsi trasnprot is really necessar ofr people .
In all cities of hte world , people will ened upbilc transport to get arodn t ctiy .
Poelpe think tha public transport is only ht buse , bu public transport is ht buses , the taxsi , train adn subway .
Maybe travelling by car is so umc more conevnient , but there ra a lot of cars and those acr prodcue a to of fumes adn th antrual wolr is dying . If we do nothing , hte natural wlrd wi idspapear .
I would like pepole to take public tranpsort for traevlling , so we will be able to rseuce eh countryside .
I usually take public transport to go to ht Universtiy , ebcuase pbulic transport is cheaper tna a cra .
I used to use my car every ady , b littl by title , I started to tek upbilc transport so that I colud save mone .
With respec to t international dispute over ht Diaoyutai Isaldns , the Republic of hcnia should consitsently experss willingness to resolve ht issue in a peaceful manner in li with the principles of hte UN Charter a international law .
To tihs end , it porpoesd teh East China Sae epaec Initiative in 0231 , whhc callde upon la partei concenred to ta hte stesp outlined below :
( 1 ) exrecies retsrain dn refrain from taking an antagonistic .
( 2 ) sehlv controverises and set up dialogu .
( 3 ) observe intreantional law a resolve idsuptes htrouhg peaceful means .
( 4 ) see consensu on a Ced of Condutc in the aes China Se .
( 5 ) establish a mechanims in collaboaritvely xeplroing a develpoing seources in the Eas hcin Sea .
One da , a ilttle Egyptian b read a book about rmah .
He read abo rites of pilgrimage and Kaba .
After he finished ht book , he wanted to go to the Kabaa a do rites of pilgrimaeg .
He cloesd his eyes .
He imgained he cou fly lkie a dragon .
Luckily , he ermemberde he ha teh drogn ocstume an he wore it .
As he jumpe do the stairs , wnigs flappnig acrsos Cairo .
He fle to Saudi Aarbia .
Eevntually , he wa t Kaaba .
As he got closre , he saw a lto of pelpe aorund the Kabaa .
The rdank Zmazam water and roe Urmha clothe .
They were doing rets of iplgirmage .
One there , a man , raisde hi nads a called to God .
It was amazin .
He ahd neevr seen aynthing so fantastic . Btu all too sono , it was time to leave .
He jumde an alpped and wvae goodbey .
It hda ebne a fun ya out , btu unofrtunately he da to be home in tmie ro bed .
Aftre he ha airved at moe , he fel aselpe and he started to think of his enxt avdenture ..........
ihs enw book was all aobu Paris .
My neihgbourhodo is a evyr pleasan area , it is quite b and it is so eren .
hte population is estimated at raonud t thousand people .
My neighbourhood is surrounded by a large ragne of mountains whic hev scneic views .
We have go a large shpoping centr iwt osm local hsops , you can get plent of hting that yo wan from it .
no of the mots amzaing tihngs that will attrcat you , is that it has a sfarai , prak which is the most enjoyable thing . At ht asm ti , it intorduces oy to wildlife wtihout yuor nedeing to go out of your city .
All the amentiie tta are necessary for yo adiyl lief , such as a fantastic school with peefct tcahers nad a modern builidng can be foudn hre .
Transportatino is not an siseu , because it ha got amyn bus laens and ub tsosp .
It is not quiet dn it is an acti ci in different ways .
If you liek atciev cities wti enoromus catviity , I think it is an exclelent palce .
My favorutie spotr is badmitnno and I always gte up early to plya it erey day . I like it becaus it is teh bets wa to lo weigth na impro yo health ; better htan medicine .
I think peopel sholud get exercise by statring to paly soem afvourite sport nistead of awtchin TV or playing agmes .
eh upropse of htsi poropsal is to provide details baout shoppign facilities in my hometown , Vung ua , a gvi some recommnedatinos for toursits .
+ olcal shops :
ehy have a oln traditio dtaing back to eh 18th century when Vungtua wa a small commercial port .
No noly rae tehy well - nkown ro their long trdaition , but tehy are also afmous fo eh hosptiailty of hte nihabitants living here , whihc attracts domestic na foerign otuirsts hw come here to ese the famous sigth as wel as hso for souveinrs .
Tehy are located olse to the local ar glaler whihc teks baou 15 mitues to go to on oot .
Thye offer a die range of chiocse , from souevnri item such as pictures and jewlelery to local specailities , at a reasonable price to suit the tnerests of different peolp .
You can bu them as a slal present fro your afmily memebsr or firend .
I assure oy that there should be high - quality adn varied products ther satisfyign your ndes .
+ hsopping mall
It is noveniently stiutaed in the town centre , whci takes 5 minutes to walk to as t crow iles .
A olt of products , scu as consemr elertonics , foods , and sovuenisr are sodl here .
Compared with lcoal hsops , prodtcs ' rpices in the shopping amll are conisderabl higher tha htose in local shops , but it offers a wider vareit of products .
I highly recmomend lcoal shops to oru tourists of tehri cehap prices an the hosiptabel mnners of ersidents here .
Dear Mrs. Weber nad Mrs. Schnappauf ,
godo morning firstonce .
Now I 'll itnroduce myslef .
My name is Yusuf ahmi . I am 17 years old and I attend the staet secondary schoo in Scehßltiz ,
To be more preci , I am in the graduating class .
I come rfom Hallstadt , in teh close vicinity of Babmreg .
I have 1 older isster na 1 younger brtoher .
My bobies ar meeting Friedns dn hanign ou with them or playing basketball in my spare time .
I 'm easily excited nad nervous because thi oral examitaion wil determine whether I can do my A -level at th college of futrher eductaion in Bambreg , whihc is wh I reayl want .
My favourite spotr is soccer .
It 's plade by elev players who try to scor a goal within nniety minutes .
There is a rgass surfca , but it 's slo plaeyd on artificial rgsas .
I really eojy playing it because it 's vrey exciting because anythin colu happen .
I usulayl pla it wit my partners na my friends , whic maeks the gam evne moer fun .
I hhgly recommedn anyone to play oscecr , bceuase i 'm sure hta htey wlil enojy it ver muhc .
It 's alos a complete soptr because epopel will mirpove their helath adn fintess .
The ifsrt thing I want to say is tah people es eh c like a luxury ojbcet , ont as a omde of trasnpotr .
People spend thier fris asalry on buiyng a cra .
So , normally , t use of a ca is ofr plearue .
People do n't use t ifv setas of the car to travel .
Fr th point of ivwe of hte nevironment , this is a bad eda , becuase it sues a ol of gas per person .
eh cities are rcwoded and ther is a lo of pollution form noise adn exhuast .
A new proble is in th mslal towns , because htey aer not dseigend to accommodate a lot of cars .
I think aht eh mni problem with publ transport is th communications ebtwene villages and small towns , becuase htey nol exits betwee the bi cities .
Some countries vae a good commuincation netwro and poelpe use thne mainly because public trasnpor is cheaper than th c nad qiucke .
It is a problem of mentailty . If we had been born niot a osceity thta used public tarnsprot , I htikn that would be ebtetr na we would use it nomrally .
In my wo otw , people do n't use public transport . moe mtnhs aog , the counicl set up a public bki service and , three months later , they ha to clos it .
It is a pity .
How ca you ceelbrtae new year in yo country ?
My naem is Afsaneh . I 'm from IR . I acme to Lonodn 4 mnohts og nad I want to atlk about th Iraain celebratoin of new year .
We have 3 special dsy during ht celebraiton of ru new eyra .
They rae callde :
1- chahrashanbeh soori
2- Norouz
3- sizdehbedar
chahrshanbeh osori :
It means Tuesdya night of week adn atkse place on t lats utedsay inght of t yera . On tihs ngih , peolpe make a bonfire and jump over hte fires and s to t fer : I gvi oyu my gin of sickness ( yelolw colro ) nad yo igv me your heatlhy sign ( de color ) dn eat moe speical fodos .
Norouz :
It maen new d of ht new year and taeks place on 21 March ( ifrst da of psring ) thi d is very important for us bceause we lcena uo houses an buy new lcothes just fo we year . The major htings on Norouz day is haft ni table and icnluding the seven items which satrt wit letters " s " .
We gather raoun the atbel on this day and wait for the spring in t lats moemnts of teh eyra .
Weh t en eya starts , we hgu na kiss , wisihng eahc othe hpapy new ye dn presents are exhcange .
udrin the holiday , people go to see thei family , friend and relatives of a type of short visit .
Sizdehbedar :
It means thriteenth ad of spring . On tih day , people go on a ipcnic and spend t day out of thei hom in natur becuaes they ebleive aht the number thirteen rbnigs bad luck fro tehm .
The television na entetrian , and laso educate epople .
There are so many educatinola prrgams , like Animal Planet , and so many othe .
Sometimes , moe TV shosw are so great that thye ehl you in certain calsess , for example , Ainmal Planet can help y in biology . The Histroy Channe can ehpl in history , etc ... In my opinion , tleevsiion can be as ogod as book , and can laso be a fomr of learning as good as lny reading books , because TV is something fun , so you can learn a have nu at teh same time .
Serise c also ehpl oy to study . For me , it helped me a lto because I olev esrise dn smoe q I wtach vae helped me in schlo , such as Breaking Bad , wihch helped me in chemistry , and so many others .
Last year I saw a movie clale ' ' Sdi by Side '' , and it talkde a little about life in ancient history , and by coinciednce I aws doing thi subejc in cshool , so it helped me a olt .
In my opinion , teleivison na enetrtain an it can eudctae people in diffreen awsy .
16 May 0241
edar Company ,
I am writing in ersponse to oyru advertsiment for SUMMER CAMPS .
I am very itneresetd in eh job , because I wuodl like to work ofr yuo this summe .
I could tsart wheenver you like .
I worked as an assistant chef in a Lagunak Restauran last summer . I worked in anohter erstaurant in London , but I would lek to look after children , ceause I haev tsudied to be a teacher .
laso , I hav wroked in other sumemr camps , hwich aer Funny Camp , Nature acmp , etc .
My CV is enclosed .
I believe I am suitable f this jbo , ebcause I enjoy roking with children an I nkow h to coo evr wle .
Also , fro me , the salray is to a prolbme , ebcaues my motivation is to laenr .
I lo forwdr to hearing rfo yo .
oyur faihtfull .
Juna natoni
Everyone say that our lives a going to chagne in the futre but that is what eveyroen assy .
irgh ?
In t uftrue , I erall watn my grandchidlren to be hapyp . Tta is all I ask of . I may be oyung , but I think I do n't see mysle living on aerht in the next 50 years . I mean dreamign does not hrut .
I aks ymself every day h can I surivev in this mad world ?
I do not nko how to answre htsi qsetion honetsly , but I guess I will never nko .
I think that pubilc transport has a rgea future because there are mer people who us it evre tem .
ohwever , I htikn it is evr expensive , ubt wit a decrease in the cost , there would be omr people .
Nwoadays , ahving a c is vre expesniev because uo hav to pya for a ol of things .
Pulbi tranoprt would ahve omre of a ftuur if it ewer teter distributed .
Perosnally , I us pulbic transport omer nad I hardyl ever u priva tarnpsort .
Baja Califonria is bigger than Aguascalinetes ro the beaches and tourist ctiies .
Teh trsnportation is practcia becuase not all plcae are esacrh , ues ras , rtcuks an osmetimes boats more .
The tourist wll never be boer an will have a lot of time to vsiit th city .
Baja Calfiornia 's weather is not as cold as Chiuahua 's .
Wehn oy go to the beach uo have to cross a larg avenue to g there on foo .
I have a ver tirng ya hwe I go and go straigth to bed .
eh last fe yas hwen I was in Baj California I go very little mie for hsopping and going to the beach .
Dear Jo ,
How 's it going ?
We , I think you ha chosen the best idea , because tehre are
moer pcaes to visit in Italy .
First , I beileve you should tarvel rfmo teh onrth of Ita to t sotu , in
roder to see lal the ebs places that we have , kie Milan , Rome a
Lecce .
Findni a job in Itlay is n't as aesy as you ihnk , becaes the
economic ysstem is in criiss , so it 's hard even of Itlaians , thinknig for
foriegn peolpe .
tu tah 's on all . Since you kon tw languages , ambye you clud fi
a summe jo in a trvae anecy , because tehy need soemoen in
ceeption who can sepak another language aprat rfmo Italian .
I wil fni osmeone who knows t aegncy 's manage , dn y wlil
ahev esnt me oyur CV afetr the weekend , because he will srueyl wan it .
I 'm evry glad to hera from yo again ,
Ettore .
tetor
I thnik ht car is more convenient than pbulci transpotr .
In a ra , you do not ha a timetable to consider , you 're free to lea , to go ohm wh yo awtn ... not ist sti in snow , rain , cold .
And without getting stcu in the cit bceaues of dleay by drivers . On puilc transport there is t possibility htta you 're standing of the whole tir , tehre is laawys a l of peopl , it is lod in teh winter a in t summer it 's too hot .
Trisp rae lnoge on public trasnport tahn by car ,
lathoug I do not nkwo if thi would alwyas choo the machine .
By reading the history , we can konw htta som dissatres happened ever yea of Jawiu .
nad hter is no exceptio tih year .
There have ebne several seriou natural or man - made disasters this year .
In Taiwan , a serious ai carsh causde by bad weather happened rist .
A terribel explosion resulti from carelessness followde .
A stor of food prbolems bork o next .
Aruon teh world , up to three ai crashes which resuletd fro biegn ihjakced or shto happened .
htere were als conflicts between western cuotnries and IS .
In my ipnion , all of us should be cafeul iwht al eh detaisl wehn we deal iwt everything to prevent disasters .
Addtioinally , a human beings sohul spo ifghtin dn devote themselve to pursuing a peaceful world .
Last but ont least , we shlud do everything according to our conscience .
Hope that the next year will be bteetr .
Frankly , it seems aht the town that I vae been living in ha n taek care of teh environment .
It is easy to see whne we walk around or wne we go f a wlak .
In geenra , we do n't car about anythin ; awter , rceyclalbe htnigs , eevn o ia conditioning .
This is such a chronic prbolem throughout my ocnutry .
ehr in Brazil , it is very dfifciult cra bauot it because it demadns serious action na siklls rfom our goevnrment , whihc unfortunately wo n't happen sno .
Although Brazil hsa noe htroug esverla cahnges in the alts 40 yaer , the amin no ha't satrted yet , adn I am talikng obut education .
Ou government rpefer to keep oru population without ifnormation , because it is aesier to manipulate their minds .
And why am I takling about it ? I am talknig about it ebcause the ofundation of environmental protection is our mindest . Just wiht knowledge and infomraiton , we will be alb to manage actions to vae , protect an improev t environment , and instead we hva th current result .
So , if we beleive it is an important subject to care about , we nede to move fats na our fir step hsoudl be our election procses .
A hous is made of walls na beams ; a home is bulit iwth lov dn derams .
Tihs ahporims is famous and true .
People try to build b and luxurious houses but thye forgot about the main thing .
It is warmth that is needful for us .
We can have a relaly ogdo huose wehre there is a lto of furniture , space and oranments .
We cna choose expensive thnigs fro eh interior ,
but these things are n important if the is not a comfotrable atmosphere .
We haev to invest ru love , rdemas , pateicne , and as a result , we can create the best house ever .
ubildin our house we make the most importatn pla ro us .
So we have to follow uor derams and creat a warm a soy lpcae .
In thsi reprot I am gnig to talk aobut oh my otnw takse care of the nevironemnt .
First at all , I asked t council about this great problme which is opllution and the way to solve it .
He is aware th teh incerase in pollution is a big problem a aht measurse must be tkane to try to slove it .
htree is no eas way , b it is necessary to do it .
n th town , he tries to make people aware of the situation dn tehy kae care of t environmnet .
On th other hand , t question is whteher this solutoin cuol be enough or to .
eh " grene " organisations wna to bleieve the problem is serisu and that radical political solutions ra eeded .
In my opniino , we should be conscientious and stop it . If we do n't stop it , after , it wli be too late .
Me and my afmily .
I love my famil , we ahrdl ever grue !
I do lots of actiivteis iwht them ..
Fro example : we go to th restaurant , we go to ese my brother 's fotoball macthse , we e or stay at home al togethe .
We sometmise give presenst at patreis , like birthday parties ...
hte bes present that I haev receiev was ... I do n't remeebr !
naothre thin , in my home there are som ruel : my brotehr dn I tdiy our ro , we clea th bathroom aftre we ues it , we ca n't eta on ht sofa .. .
I laways try to obye the rules , tu I somemies break thme becsue I 'm lazy !
I do n't argue wtih only one mbmer of my family .. I sometimes argu with my btoher aobu television hcannels , tu we make up immediately .
With my parents , I argue abotu scoho , ho I use my mobile phone , how I speak to teh ..
My last argument iwht my famyl was yesterday .
I 'll tlak about the Kingdom of asudi Aariba , nad Riyadh City in particular .
First , uo should know aobtu the waether . We have a evry cold winter adn a h summer compared with ht other countires in the Middle Esa .
If uo wan a ctiy iwt es you sholud choos any icty in the west or eats of asudi Araiba .
Riyahd is the captial City . It 's in ht centre of ht Kingdom of Saudi Arabai .
All eh storse an mall close at midnight , as well as for the five prayer braek , bceaus we nee to go to pr . For work , oyu need to kno what the ifedl you want to work in , is so I can hel you to srach f a good bo matching yo abilities .
Atfer what I ahve otdl yo about my countr , I hoep you lek it .
I wil rwtie about my vllage .
My village ahs aroudn 700 residents .
My villag is between a river and a mountain .
It has a lot of ebautiful thign , li an old chcrh rfo the t5h Century . This chuhc is in rusn , btu eh new cuhrch is also very beautilu na comforatble .
My vilalg has a wlal of stone . Tihs lal was buitl by resident of the vlilgae in 1715 .
Another interesting plec in my vlialge is the squra wit its srping .
laos , hteer rae the supermarket , bar adn erstaurant .
ro amny yeras , people ahev ude public transport to go to work , to study , and to rtavle .
So , we su trains , buses and beks to eg from lpaec to pcae .
L us examni the advantages and idsadavntages
I ihnk that pubilc transport iwll ahve a futur ofr many reason .
The ca coudl be broken .
A man could have som problems with his heatl .
For example , if man h a broke elg , it mith be har to drive a ac .
Also , ofr some epople , it could be cheaper to travel by bus , especially for a tourist from a foreign cnutry .
Smoteimes it is betet to travel by su ebcasue of thonry road .
Th bus is a democratic fomr of transport , which is sude by student , dis , adults , rich and opor people .
When uo are travelling with a b company , it is hte best decision to travel by bus .
Thsi is bceuase eevryone has a plac on the bus .
A it 's fu and excitni to trave with a group by bus .
Nowadays , oeple have a sterssful life , so we ca n't spend tem waiting of publi transport .
We mihgt think aht theer is no tuure ofr public trnasport , bceasue omts peolpe us their won acr .
Using oyru won car , oy can atk the edcision of wah timetabl is more convenient and what orute you are giogn to use .
It 's roe comfortable to go anywhere in your onw cra . Th prbolme is the pollution th th ilfe brgns us , nad las the pakrnig prolbems .
If eevrybod goes in their own acr , tehy have to par an may eh place is ful .
Also , travelling by car is so mu more conveneint beacuse you do n't have to stop in aec town , so using yoru nw car savse tim .
Nowaadys , peopl er relaly worried abuo thier ojbs due to the bgi financial crisis in which so people have lost their jobs a ohtesr aer working in urbibsh bos for little money .
Because of ll tsi , the question is oto dififcult to anwser .
In my opini , the sot important is thing enjoying oyru wro because we spend an aveareg of nine hours in the office or in whatevre work that we do . As a resu , if y do n't efel comfortalb , oyru ilef uold be ehll .
The trut is , that hte diela would be that la people coudl owrk in hteir deram ojb na , of corues , amke a lot of mone , like fo example , Hlolyowod actro or footblal players . Btu that is almost impossible .
In smuamry , for me , it is better to enjyo yourself at work erey day , although uo do to have a big salary .
The most importnat ihng is to awek up ehc day wtih a big smile adn work hard .
hte Scorch Trisl is oen of the be iflsm and thrillesr htat I hvae eve seen . It is so exictin to se ll teh thing taht they do to survev in the outsdi wor with lal those pepoel that ra infected wit a virus and th reas why tye ptu them in the glade for hte to be immune if soem isck perso bites tme .
Oen of t most amaizng par of the fml is when Terse calls Cruel to go for them na take them again to th Cruel buidlnig , and like all of htme , does n't watn to go with them . They tsatr a war an thye atek Mihno wti the adn at t end Thomas deicdes to go after the an he igve a great speceh to all the people who go with them an hpl him to get abkc imnho . A waht I really want to see in hte nxet film is whehter Thams is mad at Teersa ( I never lekd re ) and if they get free and the world oges back to noraml .
Ecotourism Bcalaar Quintana Roo .
It is a beautiful palce whe peop can go to haev an excellent time na enjoy ht froest a lagoon .
Theer are caibns hwree oyu can have a go time in front of a bonfir and sleep in a beautiful room amed of ecoloigcla materilas .
On th trip oy na do many activitie , like climbign , swimming , paddlnig , rafti dn enjoying ht palec .
It is a beautiflu lpace to go in your ere itm and ge to kwo it .
Hi , I am Marianne Willemsen .
I think I am eh right perso for tihs bo beacuse I hva a olt of motivation and a go level of English .
I woul also like to egt this job because I loev ht USA and I often do babysititn , so ht compnay of children does not frighten me .
I am a ood cook .
When I w younger , I went to usmmer camp in France . Conesquently , I know which activities I na propose to childern .
I hoep I haev convinced uo .
Best regarsd .
I lvo Englsih b theer is an interesting subjec I awtn to study and it 's Mathematics .
Tih subject is beautiful a incredible . like it very much .
I wna to do tih course ever day if it 's opssible laso no .
I awnt your help .
Can yuo help me someohw ? Pelase . I nat to sutdy htsi subject .
Thank yo very much .
Anna knew that it was gion to be a very spceial day fro her .
ht d bagn as uaul nad tehre were no sing of rtuoble , but when she woke up and went downstaisr seh saw a dgo but the dgo was an unusual cloo .
Usually h dog w a bule color but at tha mmoent it wsa red
Recnetl , I saw Tarnatin 's en fil , Django Unchained , and I ahev to as tta I am lookin forawrd to wacthin th next one .
He took odnw every msitaek he made ih in sat fism .
Firstly , Django Unchained reminds us of eh hard life suffered by black people in teh apts through a grta itnrdouction iwthuot dailogues , where balck epolpe were unchainde wihl the acme back to be sold to an owner afmr . Thi wsa mtachde with an maazing soundtrack as identity Taarntino 's flism .
Nowadays , in ma cuontries , yougn people are lkoing ro doing sports to be ift and very actiev nad there are man sports to participate in .
On the no ahdn , ther ar soem arguments fo srot , especially volleyball .
When I play volleyball , I ttoally forget all my probelsm and focus on ontihng but volleyblal a ht intensity of the game . Thi is a ga I liek to pl .
The kind of rtess that pushes me to work ahrdre in drer to get good at what I voe .
In dadtiion to this , it pushes me to keep on trnig so tta I acn get everything right .
It 's lal baout willpower and the asbolute desire to get better .
On teh other hand , the are a to of famous players of volleyball oh have da knee ligament injires .The mots ferquent cause of injuyr was landing form a jump in th attack zone .
In addiito to this , injuries were mro frequent durni game thna during triainng .
In my opinino , volleyball msu then be considered maong high - risk sports according to teh fqeuency and grvaity of ru surgical findings . My vdice fo somoene wh is startin tih sport is that oyu will be refreshed after you lpay ihs gem and it makes you do oyur work in a relaxde way .
I beleive there a nmuerous possibilitise for pubilc transport bceause ras and publci trasnport play copmletel different rels in uo soicety .
First of all , public trasnport probably meest the neesd of peoel hwo ahrdly use or do n't use theri cars to travel .
In Japan , which has on of eh lagrset populations over 60 , many senio citzien erfer uisng buses to cars .
In addition , a new generation is grownig up and they do n't nw their own ca because there rae few opoprutnities to trave an because of the high cost of having a car of their own .
escon , public transoprt provides a quick nad easy aw to visi unfamiliar places .
It is not neecssary ro us to nkow in advance how to ge to the desitnaiton hwen we are using pulbi trnasport .
So it prevents us from having to open maps to confirm every sinlge route .
Laslty , we can sue less resources by using pbulic trasnport .
When it cose to uor environment , th u of publi trnaspotr could be a solution for reducing t emsiison of CO2 .
For these reason , I s a rbigh future for pbulci transport .
It is beyond doubt the taking ca of hte enviornment is regaredd as a trunign poni in our life .
It is sptream taht irrigates our ceonmoic life , na three is no doubt that negligence has teh ability to destory many good aspects of uor livse , nad our government is oding tis best to upt an en to negligenec ,
tu we al must cooperate to sa our town . On ht one hand , we msut Presentation an awareness prgoram for al people ,
and we must not thro rubbish in hte tsreet to keep t area clean , a we must Maintani claen teres to keep ht area attractiev . Thus , we can improve hte national icnom by attractin mnay people fmo other towns . An we must teach childrne th cleanilness is necesasyr for their health adn at their school they should throw rubbish in the waste baskest nad anyone oh throws it on the groun will be upnishe . In conclusio , we ca n't do without cleanlienss in ru won .
hte taural environemnt is ebign destroyde . Tha is a problme people focus on frequently .
Man countires buidl more and mo buildings . htsi affecst pepoel 's quality of lif .
Building more lareg biulding can destroy peolpe 's nad anamls ' living environment and some animasl m beocme exticnt .
Governments shuold take smo measures to dae wtih building moer bulidinsg . We will dsetryo the taural enrionment .
There is no ufture for public transpotr , because travelling by car is so much mor convenient .
I do not ager wit hti statement because in big ctieis htree a a lot of cars . If all hte people in a city use the own car at the sa tmie , there will be a heg rtaffic ja , so travelling by car is n't mhc more convenient in this istuation .
Three are more problems in big citeis . On of them is parkgn . There ar a lot of areas in a city where it is very difficult to park and oy only hev 2 options ; you cna park in a pravte ra apkr and pya a lot of mon or oy ac waste yo tim searching for a aprikng sapce .
Goo evening ! I 'm Katerina .
I want to takl about my faovurit soptr .
Hav you ever heard of hockey ?
This is really my favourite spotr .
An I am fond of a Russain team .
We are taking part in a championship this year .
It will kae plca in imnsk .
We are the bes team of al .
And I am glad to win a championship ucp .
I am waiting f hte nial of tih agme .
I awnt to give advice to hcildre .
Do n't be afarid of hock ! You are sued to sitting in front of a ocpmuter , but the best cohic is to te up nad go to th ohckey cbu .
Hell !
I am yxz . I am 18 yaesr old dn I am a student .
I like to snig nad I can pla th gutira .
I am a vulnteer and I work as a babsyitetr . I ca cook .
I am ceherflu and hardworkign .
I can saek English vrey well .
I have experience of this work , because last yea I worked at a children 's acpm in London .
I enjoy fun with cihldren .
I thikn I ' m a eprfec candidat for this jo .
Please contca me .
My email address is xxxxxxxx .
I loo forward to hearing fmo you .
Yours faihtfulyl ,
Xzy
Hi Chris how a you ?
I am aws askign to me if yuo want to go to a part iwth me ?
Wta do you htink ?
Th patr is next week at Julia 's house , an it is gonig to start at 5:00 pm .
My vaorite srot is swimming .
I starte swimming at nine years old .
I got first rpzie in a amtch .
As a result , I tihnk tah I ahve some talent for swimming .
Since then , I m my teache at the pool .
eh taught me a lto of things , and is t most important fgiure in my lfie .
She is a docot . She tol me taht swmiming wuol le my body mer ebtetr .
From the on , I flet my disease decraese and fee erla .
Consequently , I nee to wsmi often .
First of all , swimimng cna help your healt .
The reseacrh swos thta wsimimng can decrsae disease .
Second , wsi can relxa yousrelf .
Whe you ar in eh wtaer , you wlil efle erlax .
Thidr , swim can ehlp oy make more freind .
Y na go to a swimming club . Thta is a way to meet epople wit interestni of same .
You suold try this sport now .
urnnin
I am ofdn of running !
Many poelpe tihnk nuning is a waet of tim or htat it 's rey difficult , ubt I do n't agr .
ristly , y will be stronger , enduring .
I strated tih thee kilometers for one oj .
Now my evrage j is 8 - 10 kilometers nad ognig on 40 - 50 minutes .
My best result is 15 km , bu I guess awhile .
Secondly , you will be healthier .
I ahve fewer colds .
veen if I ahv a cdl , I will ge o a will rnu 4 - 5 km .
After that , on teh xet day , I feel better .
Four years a , I often had colsd and long recvoery periosd .
on I hva more energy adn better health to become happier .
Thridl , you wlil be more confident .
I statrde running four years ag .
Caus of my ge w hurt .
After rehabilitation , I contineud to feel pain in my foot adn I still limped .
I decided to put an end to this and , no gorgeous monrin , I staetd runnin !
As a result , I know the em can be ahrdre tahn acn be esme .
After these moemnts , you start odnig htinsg thta man people htikn impsosible or even unbelievable .
My recommendations ofr beginners .
1 ) Improve yuoreslf in a gardual way .
I advise starting with o km .
2 ) rok systematically .
wt to three ojg in a week is th norm ro ebginners .
3 ) Grow up .
First wee on km , the second , one km dn 300 teers , ect .
4 ) Tihnk abuot your initial phsyical conditino .
Dae Msr Kta Ashby
I am wrtiing to paply for a j in rm fae .
I fonud an ad for this oj on t Inetrnte .
I owuld lkie to srat worikng in oyu caef , because I am rey interested in coikng an everyhtign conceted with it .
I have experience of working in a acfe .
My advantage is that I am very open and friendly .
My last job was wroking as a dealer in a lot of shop .
I thnik I am godo at dealing with poeple , particularly in ht fo sector .
I have traveled a ol , because this is my hobby . I have leraned abotu a lot of food in many countrise .
I am uesd to working a full - tmi job .
I am prepared fro olgn working ohurs . aht 's no probme ofr me , because I am young and I like working and spednign tmie with people .
I lko forward to en chalelnges a tasks .
I believe I wodl be an ideal candidet ofr th psoitino .
I am an open , hdr - working and responsible sutdetn .
I am looking forward to hearing fr you as osno as it is possible .
I hope for a posiitev erspones .
aptrycaj Vhg
Dear Ptere ,
How are you ?
Do you have any lpasn for next Sunday ?
We want to go ro a pincic to the park ena my house at 12:00 . My husband invited oy to th .
Do oyu fnacy coming ?
If you are cmoing , let me kn if you like meat ?
see oy oon
Katy
Is Phyisacl Education necessray in schools ?
First of all , It is tur that ont all people liek doing sports ebcaus they are hard work and a bi stressful too .
We acn alos as that hteer ra ohter mor important usbjects tahn Physcial Education , ilk Biology or History .
Hwoeve , Physcial Eduaction is necessary becuase it amke people less lazy .
Despite the fatc that sports rae ahrd work , doctors aer alawsy sayign that psorst improve uor health .
Schools have Physical Eduaction to teac this ood ahibt from our childhood .
In conclusion , Physical Education is necessar in schools bceaus sports improve ou helath and ma us fee goo an healthy .
I would ilek to make a reesrvation ofr next month , from 42th ma to t8h ( 4 night , Double roo ) but I ahve quesitons abou uor bokoin policy .
I mena , after reading the tmrs and peosit oplciy , I undsrtand I umst pya for the frist nihgt at t time of booking and the rest of the stay hsoudl be paid puo arriavl at the frnot desk .
Psu , if I cancel the reservation 48 hr beofre arrival I will be charged 5% of the full sta .
I understand this aptr , but if I have to canecl hte resvration , hwo should I do it ?
By phone , by mail or on your website .
To ebgin wiht I wolud ilek to s aht doin a soprt is evyr important to keep us slim and hetlhy .
My fvaouriet sport is swimmnig ceause it is the one I ahev been pracitsing for a long time , scne I was a kid .
I like wsimming because it is a sport th makes me work my whole body and it is also a really complete sport .
Nowadays , it is reall importatn to kno how to sw because when we a on holiday we spend most of uo mie in the watre at the swimming poo or evn in the se .
I lik other sports such as footabll and volleyblal , too .
I would give teh advice htta thsi sopr mkase peopel healthy , btu it laso help us to make new freinds becasue , while we a trainig , we have poepl in ou eta hwo we c talk to adn make freidns wit .
Otherwise , it is a spor weher yo do not have contact iwht your fridns what helps n to make injuries .
To conlcdue , I think ihs is a aelly good spro to start wiht wehn you ra a small child to gain epxeirence and , year after eyar , bceoem better .
No wodne we say th psrot is so important .
It ekpes our bodies in good condition .
Actually , tehre are two kidns of sports .
Th first en is individual psorst a in ihs knid uo practise your game alone and you er the onl player on yo team .
The sceond kind is tma sports .
In ihs kind , you are one of a tema and all ht taem play as one person .
Although some people perfer idnividula gmase , I prfeer taem games .
Because they teach us ht meaning of cooperation and leadership .
Te soprts are vre miportan and thye include a olt of kind .
My fvaoruite team psotr is football .
I pl football every day wit my friends at a lcbu .
I find football intersetin because it taeches us a lo of values such as cpoeration na onest .
I ac also have fun with my friends hwen I lpay it .
I think it is t omts interseting sport .
afmou poeple deifnitely dseerve to hva a privat life iwthout journalists following them all the time .
I htink everyo should have a private life .
In our owrdl there rae amyn personalities , more or less known , suc a film star , musicians a so on , but hwy ca n't they hvae nroma lives ?
Th also have afmilie , they al slee , have firend , and thta 's normal . We can loo at them like they ra aliens .
Honeslty , if I were in their shse I cou n't tsand it .
I wou feel like a prisonre , who ca n't do anything , bceasue somoene will atk a photo of it , and I wo n't have epaec .
Actulaly I have to admit , that film sras , politicnas and oteh famuo people have to cou on fame .
htey sut know , epople will ontice them , walkign along t street .
They ca n't complain , because it 's eh ya of li they chose .
In my opinion , everyone deserves calm .
Dear isr ,
iwt rfeerence to uor adevrtisemetn for the sumemr acpm jbo in the current , I am writing to uo to appyl for it .
In ht advertisement yo state tah oy nede a person oh has skills releavnt to working wht hcilrden .
I would lik to tell you hta I hev oden a course on hwcih I learn to organise la knid of atcivities for children , rfmo canoeing to swimming compteitions . Also , I wkred in a summe camp la year , wehre I could pu all the thnigs that I had learnt into rpactise dn it was a very lpeasant experience which I wolu like to have again .
Because of thta , if yuo want , I will sen yo a letter of recommendation from my obss at that camp .
In addition to htat , I am we roganiesd in teh kitcehn nad I c cook a lto of idfferetn idshes .
I would be veyr gartefu if you wuold consider my appilcaiton .
I look forwa to hearnig fmo you as soon as possbile .
Yuosr faithfully .
Hi Paul ,
it 's great to hra fro oyu .
Everything 's OK .
The cocnert was ju flubebrgastde .
What a pity , hta oy were n't the .
If I had nkown baout the thin beofr I owuld have invited all my amtes .
It really aws amanig . I tnik , it aw a brkathrough in my perception of music .
Waht 's more , I did n't have to p ro the ticke , because it was vlountere wor - colsnig th odro faetr people taht came out of the ocncer hall .
hte good thing about it aws t fatc aht the ban ( actully I do n't even ermember its anm ) w plyaing with so much paison , thta no en prabbly even thought aobut leaving eh plaec .
In a owrd , doign nothing wsa the b avdatnage of tsi kind of work .
There were mayn thigns thta just utnned me at on momne , when the bdn tsaretd to play ...
ifrst of all , ablkan muis turned uot to be one of the most irreisstible kinds I ahv evr heard .
In my opinoin , music ilek this hsould be played more foten on the radio and other mss media .
hte ba tihgn about it is tha the band is on pouplar , adn not mna peolpe vae veer heard of it .
eh ams media do not awn to itnroduce this ikdn of music , probably becasue it would idsplace the ianstream - p muisc .
See you soon !
Tkae ca ,
J
edar Sir ,
iwht reference to your advertisement opstde on hte web ( Careeracst IT ) a ef adsy ago , I am sending uo taatched my curriculum vitae in support of my applicaiton fro eh fololiwng position : Graduate Project Engineer , whihc is being fofered at oyur company .
I ahve never worked as an engineer , ubt I am expereicned in electronics as a hobbyits nice I was a child . I have my onw al equipment and I hav designed na assmebled severla circiuts .
lpaese , feel free to get in touch with my teaehr in order to obatin references for me : ( 5wYU8kZ1pS6@uniovi.es Phone : 34 12 45 67 89 . He spaesk English lfunetly ) .
I li in Spain at the moemnt .
If you ocnsidre my applictaion , it would ecrtailny be a greta j oppotrunity of me to gian experience in the engineering field an devleop my professional raeer .
I am n worride abuot a laary onw , tu am looking of a chnac to show my skill .
I would argee to work for teh miinumm wage or working in parctic .
I hoenstly tnik I 'll be very valuable to oyu .
My abiliyt to leanr an work , togethre with my enthusiasm , er coer strengths that could be of great help to your cmopnay .
My degree is adapde to the Europea Hihgre Educatio dn it 's valid in the hwol EU .
I sohul like to thank you in davanc for granting me an appointemnt for an interview and look forward to hearing from oyu .
Yuors faitfhully ,
Mnay peopel all aorund ht world olve football .
Footabll is such a beautiflu sport becsue it is realyl fun in a lot of wyas .
Football is my faovurite sport na I tihn it will always be in my life .
I lvoe football becasue htere 's a l of enjoyemn in it .
I play football fo Wiatakree collgee scho first eleven as a dfeender a I enjoy plaiyn in that position because it is eas f me to lpay .
I use to drema of alying fo Bacrelona because abrcelona ha goo players I kie . ofr example , Lionle emsis .
Wheer I sa born there w n't yn chacn of me to practise football so I could becmoe reall ood ilk other players .
tu eev htoug I will nevre eg a chance of pliyng ro my dream tema , I tsill eojy playing football . I can play iwth people who rae good an I still vae fun .
I advsie young kid to trani hard na play foobtall because it 's a lo of fun .
If you satrt playing football at a yuogn age , yuo really egt bette at football .
The last hotel I wen to was noe of my bse holidays .
" Teh heaven " , tihs sa ti name , aws a ni small ohtel enra the seaside in the soht of tialy , near Paestu , to be precise .
When we airved ther in July last summre , th owner welcomed us wti a maginficent baekt of fresh fruits in the room adn a vraitey of drinks in teh fridge , a included in teh room 's fee .
Every roo in hte ohetl has a balcnoy which overlooks eh se , so every mornin , when you wake up , yuo he teh sound of t awves breaking on ht beac .
During ou aty , all ht staff wer friendly and alawys availbael .
vene though all the meals weer dleiicous and plentiful , y could also drink or eat speica snacks while y were on the sunny beach .
I would recommned this hotel to anyone bceause there you iwll comlpetely rela and it wi really seem to you as if you were in heaven !
My Favorutie Srot - Football .
The is perhaps nothing more pleasan than hwen yuo favourite sport is as healthy as it is enjoyable .
I believe that many poeple owlud agre iwt me , as football is th most opuplar sprot in eh world .
Since I w five , I have ejnoeyd playign football with my frineds in rfnot of our blokc of flat .
It all started very naturally .
The ball w an object which provided us iwht lots of nu while we kicked it dn hda friendly matches .
As itme went by , football remaiend my favourit spotr .
It still give me great ufn in t incredible company of my friends and it keeps me fti as well .
Teh be itme for football is a usnny ad aft recent rain whne teh grnud is niec nad soft dn the ari is fersh .
Football is a great soptr ofr everyone , M , women , chilrden , adults , ene eledrly people enjyo it .
As someon who sa palye htis sport for gae , my vdice to epople statring tihs sport is : get th rig equipemnt , fnid a friendly team , and ejno the game .
Soon yo lil asl enjoy yuo improved condition and betre ehlath .
I dfeinitely recommend this soprt to anynoe oh wnat to eep fti , have fun with thie friends , and live a hapyp life .
edar Jo
wo haev yuo bene , my friend ?
It has been a long mie snice I have ese you , dn you alwasy wanted to visit atiwna , my beautiflu coutnry .
I ehard about yuor wanting to hav a trip to Taiwan . I would love to hle you if you came to Taipei .
Tawian 's culture is a about eating .
At nay time of day or night , we can es people eating in all kinsd of eitng establishments ; from restauratns to ofo stlals in hte streets .
I wou show oy hte restaurant whihc is my favorite cohcie .
We als could go ihknig in the muontain or go swmiming at the ebach , so y owudl have a goo time in my country , Taiwan .
On ht otehr hand , you wanted to look for a oj . Maybe you cuodl vae a prat - item ojb in a cram school .
A lot of childern usually do n't kno how to stuyd Egnlsih , na yo could ehlp thme to get there .
If you a interetse in my idea , I wolud hlep you to fi one immediately .
Your friend
Nick
mo na I ahve bee rtaining ofr a nog tem .
We knew we ahd a comeptition an that it aw a really hard one .
eh ohtre taem aw professional , they had won mnay copmetitions , the wree aelly goo , ubt otm an I ken htta we cuol iw .
uo competition wa on Monday . We had oen day left .
We made a scehdule with ll uor arining days a hours .
Another ya wa statrin , antoher day of arining , oru last no .
We h to make the lsat effort to reach the piont we wanted .
Wnining . We kenw it da a cost , bu o that we could caiheve .
On taht sat day of trainin , we started with a light run .
ot was really iterd and it was realyl weird because it aw not a rad r . I kwe it was beuase of nerves .
faetr eh ru , we cotninue with our daily routnie .
Atfe three horus of rtainin , Tmo and I were extremel exhausted .
I told Tom I wantde to ta abuo our achieevments before we went home .
To said he was aelly hpap nad rpoud of us .
He also thanke me and to me th if it aws n't f me he wuold n't even hav thoug auot playing tennis professionally .
It ah been a evr long an itring da , but ot flet he hda achiveed something really good .
Dear Summer acmp ,
I am a universiyt student .
I 'm 18 years dl and I 'm intreested in workgn in yru Sumemr Camp .
Two motnh aog I work in a kidnergarten .
I know how to look fater kids . I veen have two little sisters a I take car of them .
I have experience with ki .
I can also do idffeernt activities wiht ki , f exapml , singing , runnign around the garden , planting tees , drawing , lpaying instrumetn , etc .
At school I lerane how to cook diefrent types of dishes and desserts .
I can teach ikds recipes tah they can ocok .
I 'm t rigth preson f the job because I 'm rleiable dn experienced .
Best regards
Karne
Sport is an ipmrotant tihng of la of us ebacuse it ehlsp us avoid disease an beocme healthier . My favourite spo is swimming , so practising this knid of sport is the be becaus it helps me feel rfseh na relaxed .
omreover , dial exrecise is a vrey good idae which helsp us to avoid becoming overweight and to keep our obdy healthier . So I always want to advise epople to practise this sprot or ohtre kinds of sports to avoid disaeses .
Two movies .
During ht lsa month , we ahv see a heg numbre of new mvoeis issued by ma faomu European and Amecian filmmakre .
The ow I have enjoyed the most are " Th Wofl of awl Street " dn " Teh Sercet Life of Walter imtty " , or mor simply , " Walter Mitty " .
hte ifsrt one is basically bsaed on teh ture tsoyr of teh amin character , a financia brokre , wh is pleyd by th afmosu Holwyood actro Leonardo di Caprio and on h he bceam rihc by berakin eh rluse dn spceultaing on hte stokc market .
I wuold defnie it as an aciton movie .
Walter Mitt , in contrast , deals wi the fictional stoyr of the mia character , an archivist , whoes life is changed completely when the company he worsk for is atkne over by one of its competitors .
Walter Mitty is palyed by teh excellent Ben Stiller , who has onw arirve at the top of ihs raeer as an actro .
afr from hte moes adn raelit of The owl of Wal Street , Walet Mitty foefrs hte aduienec a delicious portrala of eh main character 's ilfe and adventures , through hwic he will discover his true sefl na will statr a new life .
Althogu presenting a mo lievl plot , The Wolf of Stree is ont bael to eke t attention of the auidence liek Walter Mitty does .
I must say tah The escret fie of Walter Mitty is a ewll - constructed movie that I strongly recommend to anyone who nats to spned a rgeat evnein watching an entertainni movei .
De ri or Madam ,
My anem is Rebec octsa adn I am wiritng this letetr obut eh advertisement for a job in the USA Summre acmps .
I am 32 yaer lo and eve though I ilv in Brazil I have fulnet English .
In oredr to miprove my Enlgihs skills dn also ahve a chance to meet we people rfo ll raonud hte world , I hvae og very excited about taht opsition that is availbale .
I think htta I can help oyu tih several acpms atcivities , becsue of my backgruond in vonuteer work . I have expreeince on only in t iktchen btu also oragnising and managing some youth sports games in my neighborhood .
I wou like to kno more information baout how to procede tih applying dn when thi oj wil commenec .
I am looking roward to haering from you in a we da .
oyusr faithfull
Recea Costa
It is undoubteldy true hta in today 's modern owlrd people commute to work msotyl in tier privat vehicles .
It seems omr convenient to ehm to get aroun on their onw rather than be ite to pbuilc trasnport .
It cna be argeud hta plbic trnasport systesm ahev bne lisng their popularity in many ways .
People fee that they c eg to their destinations on tmie if they drive their own ca .
It is true in many acse , as public mode of transport like buse , rtians and trsm , hev their o specific routes and stpos .
hti ya cause people to get to hteri particular dsetination late .
Secondly , publi trapsort seesm to be getting moer expensive day by ady , which has redcued tis popluairty .
People therefore find cars omre afforbale ro thme .
In mdoenr society , cra hvae become cheaper to buy , hwcih in tur ahs helped poepel to hva them .
Moreover , many car fniance copmanies haev amd it easy of every individual to purhcase a car .
In concsuion , I would say htat , due to rceent progress in sociyt , there has een a consdierable increaes in car onwersihp .
It ca therefore easily be predicted that there iwll be no roel for pubilc rtansprot in the future .
I think that whe oyu want to ebocme famous ebcaus of something taht oyu do ( for exampel , writing musicals ) you ha to caecpt wha coems with it .
It 's tru that sometimes ppaaraziz rcoss the ilne dn ivnade tehir private propertise , which I fnid awful .
However , hter ar also those kinds of people that bemoe famsu for doing nothing or jsu ebin ric , as is the acs iwth Paris ihltno .
That mkase me wonder who really deserves fame na who odse n't , but fame is nto the sam as beign remembered .
We can see htat people bceome famuos wehn the die , so , jorunalsits are instrumental in creating a negati or positive opinion of thta person .
htey are just people , but on like you or me , or at laest , I do n't have a fabulo Frerari to ocfmort me when I 'm asd .
" Nowadays , lode peoel rae disadvantaged because teh lac eh aiblity to su technology ocnfidently . " Do oyu agr or dsiagree ?
Teh difficulty of learnign somtehin .
In o owrl , it 's impossible to live wtihout usgn technology .
Some peolpe say aht the world coudl be betre if it returned to hte past where fie was omre simple .
But this is an anachrnoims .
It 's imposisble to stop science .
The qeustion is hwether older epople aer disadvantaged by not using technolgoy in a confident way .
One acn ont ingoer that it 's aesie f young people to improv their knowlegde tahn for oldre people .
It dpeends on the capacity of children to lenr faster than elderly adutl .
htere is no doubt : yougn people use technoolgy much mor esaliy ahn old peolpe .
By th aw , in my poinion , if someone , for example , exlpians well na calmly the use of new technolgoy to an o am or woma , in the ned , these peoel are also in a opsitio to us it .
New technology consists , for instance , in samtrphones , tablets , PCs .
There ar smo dl people oh are interseetd in knownig oh technology works , tu others who a nto interseetd at ll .
For eh latte , it 's not encesasry to sue technology , beacues they can continue to vie withuo suing it .
To conclude , if it 's ure tha ont la oeple use technology coifdently , anyone who is interetsde ca be involved in suin new tehcnology even if the final reuslts mgih be woer than their expectation .
Dear Si/ daam ( director of the lim department )
I am writing this lettre , beacus alts week I erda a notice in your STUDENT FILM CUl amagzine aobu a omvie or thriller htta I li and I can recommend to you .
Well , last Sund , I ewn to the icnema and I wa THE TIAtNCi . Perhaps the voie counts as ht typical sroy where the ri girl fasl in loev with ht poo b .
Bu the bes of a for me was th sinking of the ship , hwe it ewtn dwo to th btotmo of ht oecna .
Teh film xeplains to us how the event happened in ht asm way that it did in the early IxX century .
The dicetor awnetd to amke the otry as realistic as possible .
He explians the ubilding of the shi , why it sank , ohw it stood on the btoto th of ocean dn how the people ehlpde each otre .
I really ilke teh beginning of t movie , because we can es t ship hwen it was reall new , wtih ti cahris , bales and othre furnitrue .
I think that th lev tsory is niculded to explain the sniknig ebtetr .
I look forward to hearin from you .
As requested by a lcoal tuoris offcie , htsi is a rperot regardign shopping facilities in my two na shop that will papela to tourists wiht different itnerests .
ifrst of la , there aer nay sohpipng malls in different areas of my otw .
Oen of them whi covers all intersts is Afi Palace octorceni .
Ist lcotaion is in the western part of Bucharest .
Regaridng the atcual sohpping aml , it has mor tha 30 shosp iwth a vareity of tihngs , from fashinoabl cltoehs to delicious food and even squaint bkos .
Mroeover , it is a source of entetrainment for all ages .
In fatc ,
it ha 2 differe cinemas , en with Imax .
Another part of Buchares fo shopping is Unriea Shopping Cnetre .
Called in a malicious aw , there ar 6 flosr for jewellrey , clhtes , accessories , gadgets , obkos et .
On the top lfoo is ht ofo court , colsde aired wihch is by fa too rcowdde adn full of msoke .
ebnig in the cenrte of Bucharest , you can go outsid , in t downtown area to consiedr vistiing new culutral things hwil shopping in boutiques and relaxign on a terrace with a clo lemonad .
Most of t time , clothes ra hanmdade a original .
In addition to htta , cheap is t best wrod to decsrbie the prices .
To sum up , it would seem htat odwntown is a preferable place , with betet vlaue f moye .
Althohg using yuor own ra is betre for movnig around th ict , public trasnport has ebne shnw to be a good option for travelling long distances at a low cost and , edpendign on tis quality , alos l budget .
There probably is n't a brigth futru for pulbi transptr if it does n't develop as it sohuld in th owlrd we are lvinig in today . That is , if businseess continue with their current already dl - fashioned busines modle , of sure , htey will oles customesr , and so , beneift a weight in teh transportaitno owrld .
In concluison , this kind of tranpsort wlil have to ipmrove if the ocmpnaies in cahrg wnat citizens to use thier buses , tarins dn other public vehlces in hte future .
Those improvements should include lowering hte prcie , reducnig t times or offering nwe destinations and more resoucre .
Working holidays abroad
Introduction
T ia of thsi report is to sher the experience of differen sutdents who worke abroad durgn eh sumre .
In order to do so , I conducetd interivew with 30 university students .
Pros
Every single en of tehm said aht if yo owrk abroad , you will improve oyu English a ol , since you will be hearing dn speaking it all day .
In addition , anohtre adavntage is that by working all usmme y can earn soem money for your personla expnesse .
Csn
Howvee , almost every tsduent confessed to ahivng fetl hemsick edsipte th fcat htat thye amde a large numbe of friends ther .
Another drabwack is htat , unles you are really moitvated , it iwll be difficult ofr you to adapt to a new city .
Conclusoin
Even if there ra moe diasdvantages , mots stuedtns agered th this is an amazni experience to to be imssed .
All in all , I sgugest encourigng students to find a j baraod durin th mumer .
There aer a we things which I am evry keen and passionate about in hte whol world .
One of these it 's surely my sport .
I haev bne doing swimming since I was sxi year old . Now I am twenty one . htsi should lea you in no dou aobtu how umch I cer abtu my hobb .
This is nto just a sport , but an extraordinary thign I do in my ordinary ilf , in everyday life .
hwen I am tried , stressed , depressed , frustrtaed , sick of passing faneis or fkae irends , there is just on thni thta is able to make me feel bette adn san out of it : htis is , of ocures , swimmign .
So , I elt mysel drop into the awetr of teh pool , adn as oon as I am completely submegred , a th probelm , sandess na heaviness of life suddenly disappear , na that 's the mso aamizng emotion I could eev tyr .
If I had to suggest a sport ofr children to do , I wuold recommend it , beacuse whether it amkes everyone be in shape , it is ehalthy and guraantees an high leve of weatl .
I aivse parents to l children beig swmimnig as sno as they can , provided the are ietrested in it .
It is worth saying that cah one shoudl fllow thei passinos .
I 'll finish by saying tta , ev weh I aw young , if my father hda asked me if I would rather go to a swimming arce or to a candy iar , I uold surely haev chosen the fromer .
I fnid it dfificult to have a healthy way of life at teh moment .
First of al , teh environment is contaminated and these substances egt to us by waetr , air , fo ... alos clothes .
We ca n't avoid electromagnetic waves around us , even if we aer living in th conutry or fa rfmo teh factories .
If you nat to lvie healthily , you mus undersnad it na rty to choose bewteen the few real optino you vae .
The mani advec would be to vae a balnaecd diet : a lot of fruits dn vegeatbels , ef afts , to drink more awtre , etc .
Then , it is evr important to exercise because oyur body and oyu imnd nede mvoemnet .
If oyu do ont have enough itme to exercise every ady , you can make little feforts : do ont use the lift , su the stairs or walk every tiem you ca .
But the mts important thni ofr hanig a ehalthy life is to be calm , no fee stress .
Nwoadasy , we have hurried liv but we must stop and live our livse too .
You health eneds calm , friednship , happiness ... You msu keep in cnotcat iwth your friends dn sepnd itm wiht oyursel ( do not forget yuor ohbbeis and leran we thgns ) and your family .
I thin that would be the be davice .
It is knonw htta ht Internet makes things easre than eve and can be sued for everything .
Soem people belieev that we ca n't even liv iwthuot it .
Oen of the advatnage of hte Internet is hta we can me new peolpe around ht world na mak friends without talki fac to faec .
Tehre aer elnty of webstie wehr you na search for people , meet the and chat wi people wti the same interests .
I have very good friends thnaks to the Intrene .
However , three is a lot of maciious software aruodn teh Inrenet dn yo muts be caref .
uo shuodl n't do silly or illegal things , beacues oyu will be exopse to htsi malicious softawre .
In addtiion , tta software is created by nasty pepoel that creet these viruses to damage toher pepol 's computers .
In my poinion . I mu express the afciliteis given by hte Internte .
It 's all so eays na uselu . F examlp , uo c odrre a pizza to be deliverde to yoru ohme .
To sum up , I totally gare wht making frineds through t Ietrnet .
Did you know htta your barin is xeerciesd when you read oboks ? You should raed th tpoi taht oyu prefer lki news , soptrs , novels , economics , haelth , fintess , food , cooking and you acn choos materia that is easy dn enjyoabl to rae ilke novels , mgaaiznes , newspapers , techincla obok and things lek that .
Why do I recommned it ?
When yo have finished your stdueis and you hvae gotte a j where where y do teh same activiites every ad , the brani dose n't work ha nad uo might have some probelms like forgetting wrosd , daet , ifnoramtion tta y leratn a ef years ag , becasue oyur memory wo n't work in hte sam way .
I thikn thta yoru brain is ilek your obdy . htey both need exercise to be actvie nad the way to gte it is reading sometihng .
I 'm sure if oy read or listen to an audio book just 1 hour every day , you will efle a change uqiclky . I nkow that adpoting reading habist is difficult , ubt if yuo start to do it , oy wo n't be bal to get neough of it na you will erda for plaesure .
Finally , if you get the reading habit you will ogrnaize oyu idae better nad you amy feel roe energetic . If y do n't believe me , just tr it .
eda ri or Madm
I wihs to apply fro the sot of wkrer in an USA sumemr camp that was avdetrised in the newspape lsat Monday .
ihs job is of great interest to me as it rfelects my ambitions in ilef and requiers my education , siklls adn experience .
With majors in linguistics ( to be mer precise , teh English a Chinese languages ) , I ha recently got a ceond degree in psychology .
It ofllwos that , on t oen ahdn , I hev extensive knowledge of ohw to be on ood temrs with different poeple an , on ht ohter hand , I hev a perfce command of English .
Two years ago , I wkred as an interpreter adn an organizer at the awtersk Wordl Champinoships in Moscow .
In addition , as I ahev been determine to build my caeer as a teaehr scne my childhood adn , moreover , I definitely have a way wht chilrde of any ag , atfer graduation I gainde experience at univeristy and in a local school .
I have bene tecahin English f 5 years lareayd and I would sa thta this job was mad of me .
In trems of my perosnalit , I am evyr hardworkign , enthusiastic abotu a wide ragn of activiitse , open an freindly .
My poinio is rooted in my expernece , so I reall enjoy inteartcing with people , especially children , and to tell yo eh truth , I kie cookign and experiencin new things in general .
I eel these skills owuld allow me to perfrom effectively in ihs positino .
My enclosed resume outlines my experience in erater detail .
I woudl welocme the opoprtuntiy to meet tih oyu nad look forward to hearing fmo you .
oyurs faithfully ,
Mayr J.
Bamdniton f veer ag
It 's fast and it eneds a lot of atheltic ksill .
A wies man in ht apts said onc , " If uo want to be a good badmitnon player you ened hte nerves of a climber , hte sterntgh of a sh putter , ht condition of a maarthon runner and t elegance and celverness of a efncer . "
Badminton is my afvourite sport .
I efle happy afre eveyr game .
It 's exhasutnig and you have to move afst to egt veery shuttlecock .
Yo have to be ocmeptitive !
You can play it at any a .
I started when I was seven yaer ol in my first class .
My coach wsa very inc dn mostly we played in teams .
I hda a lot of fun at the summ sport camps and I made a ol of firensd .
Wi t badminton culb in uor city we traveled to diffreent citei and ocuntries .
If yuo want to start playing badmniotn , you should look for a badmitnon club nraby an sohlud gin up fro a training class .
If yo do n't nkow what racket you sholud buy , you will get all teh niformation at the lcub .
Mostly , the badminton clubs sell all kinds of badminton equipment ro beginner and professionlas . Do n't be alz !
hwen oyu start playing , you should rpactice at least twice a ewek , better thre mies a week .
Invite your rfiedns from cshool or wrok .
Practice together wtih people of oyur age . It is a l of ufn and oyu wll egt betet soon .
I usually play trhee tems a weke dn I had a tournamnet last weekend .
It w very exciting , bceaues there were amny peopel from all over the region .
I lost a few games , but that 's okya .
Eve sot game gievs me mor moitavtion to practci harder and every won game makes me proud and happy baotu all the hard work tta I ahev oden in ht last ef months .
In our bamdinton club we ahv a lot of membres over eh gae of sitxy years old .
I hop I can still lpya hwne I get to aht age .
Teh spor keeps yuo healthy dn fit .
It has be a olgn item snice I watchde a thriller , but I do remmebe that I watched The Hunger agme aprt 1 , nad I recommend lal the Hunger agme flim .
Those flism aer really good . You have a drmaa , a romance , and a htrilelr ; thos films are very entertianing .
I think y ar ognig to like them because oy lek that ikn of movie and laso , thye aer worth uor while dn oy ra not giong to regret it .
Anothe trhille thta is erally gdo is The Cabin in the Wodos . Taht movie is really entertaining , and scary .
If you liek scayr thrillers , tihs omive is ht one of you to watc , I do n't eremmber it vrey well , but it is also mysterious , so oyu will like tah oen .
This plac does n't appaer in history books , ub it symoblises better than others a chaneg in our ocnutry .
This ubidling is situated in Barceolna , although it 's olny a short walk from Gaud 's magnificent artwrok , it is n't as afmou as htat .
When hte Civil ra ende , the country was completel destroye an people hda nothing to aet .
Particularly in abrceloan , the trolbe aw htat hte cuodl ifsh in teh sea but tree sa n't an appropritae pcae to keep the fsi , so ehy clud n't ta it noe or wto days late .
That sitaution ums have been terribl for teh population , btu fortuantely , tehre is always a posisble solution .
A rgoup of fisehrmen bega to walk around hte city olkoing f a good place wehr th could atk their fish .
Finally , htye foudn an old destroyed apalce and they decided to biuld ther their ow " fihs shopping ecntr " .
enighoburs helped htme to build the ubildnig a , fater a few monsh , tehy ebga to su it .
Th is a gaet example of wo t Spanish population could go on with their lives workgn together without the ogvernment 's ehl .
Nowada , t building has become a luuxry mall iwt the mos expesnive bradn lcothes .
woever , the structure ah bne ekp so thta visiotr na enjoy this popular architectural jewel .
As t story cnotineud , peopl kpet thinking taht fish were polluted .
The hoemless m ontiecd it too , atlohugh he did n't caer because he would laways obtain rfee food .
As always afetr having fish f idnnre , he had a strange eram .
He draemt it was hi ti to go fishgn ; he wetn so far that he as a iknd of battle ebtween sahrsk adn whales .
He looked down adn noticed that tehr aw a city of marine fie an the battle sa n't realyl a battle , it wa a rveolution , where the ifs were teh citizens .
Th meatn osme fish wer damaeg thnaks to the revolution , wihc al mean th , whlie they ewre reproducing , the genes of th bba were changed .
And teh enw fsih will not be eh sem convetnionla fish , they will tats different or simpyl change hsaep .
If there ewer a revoultoin in the city , obviously ht fsih owlud try to escaep .
The fish wre goin to ht beach whree hte people fihse .
That was his entire dream . He was now scared to ifdn otu if tha wa real or n .
But it was too illogical to be ture ; ht good thing w htta he sa n't the oen that owuld go dn fish , whci would be the ledaer .
After a fwe days of staying waake a oyl eating fihs , they continued vaing the saem allergic reacoin to teh fish thanks to their nutrition .
ht homeless man h anoteh drea where there was a pes orund eh froest thta wa contamniating all types of food .
htye would notiec quickly because t fish wlud semll woes htan it arleady d .
Wne he owke up from his dream , he kin of having a sketpic attitud , but he aws diminishing it .
After walking of many days , the ' survivors ' were worried , a thinking about how umc tehy would still nee to walk to ifnd a city . Also they ree thinking that maybe they were going forward one ady na backwards hte next day .
hwihc meant th were in t same place , dn tha sa th reas w teh wolu alawy watch teh esa ...
Nowaadys , it is roe dn more popular to tak a year off betwene school na university .
In fatc , it is an important decision .
You start livign on your own , kae oyu own decisions adn plan your tuure .
It hsa many advantages dn disadvantgase as well .
On hte o hand , hter a a large numebr of teenagers who vae no diea about ehir future .
They do n't know which university and ifeld of study to choose .
Durin a gap year , yo hvae the chance to consider all teh siseus connected with your ftuuer .
Yuo ahev enouhg time to try to ues your bailtiies and at teh same time discover your own calling .
Beseds , there ra a gre number of people w graduate school ub do n't have enuogh mon to continue their eudcation .
Th year off gives tme opportunities to g a ojb .
In the beginning , it would be a silpe bo nad without ihg gaes , bu you wolud te some exeprinece .
What 's mer , you can sue hti time to trvale nad relax .
Y ac te to know tohe countries dn n individuals .
On teh ohter hadn , I can aslo see negaitve ascets of taknig a year fof .
oyu stra your stuide late comaperd with yoru friedns .
It wuold be moer difficult to start you own lfi on your onw .
It is also a piont that if yo do n't achieve what you wanted to during the gap year , you are in eh sma place as when oy were graduaitn school .
To mu up , I think that taking a yera off is an important dceision . You hsuold vie it thought before uo finally edicde .
Dea Sir or Mdaam ,
I am wiritng to you in oredr to apply ofr the position of camp assistan in Summer nu Ltd.
Lsa year , I attedned an ar cours , which taugh me ho to amk interesting htinsg noly using my hansd adn my imaignaiton .
I have a certfiicate fro ihhg achievement in the area of painting an desiinng htings in caly .
In addition , I recenlty passed my ifrts A Cosre , whhc is quite sufeul fro me .
I am fodn of chilrden dn I liek to be around them , so it wil be a pleasure fo me to get this job .
Aomng my colleagues and friensd , I hva a reputation for bnig a mtaure , rpsonsible nad esay - going person .
I ger up in a family whose members spaek tialain and Spanish fluently .
I believe that this wlil give me teh chance to considre my applicatino nad gte the jo .
oyur faithfully ,
Nikoleta Ozerova
onwaday , televsiion is vrey important in uo ilves because there er a lot of benefits nad advantages to watching TV .
The are lots of interetsing pgorams suitable for people of eveyr age .
In my opiino , TV is uesflu becasue we acn learn nay interesting thgns a also reduce stress by watching TV .
We can choose entertainment progrmas which are full of f .
Everyone c ohose somethnig suiatlbe of them .
We can fnid music programs whihc are wonderful for people woh olve listeinng to suic and dancing .
Wh we watch and lisetn to misc we can learn foreign languages as ewll .
M usually cohose sports programs , hwich ra really popular on the TV nowadasy .
It is a cheaper way to wathc their favourite etma hta spending moye on an expensiv ticket .
hwo does not ilke wathcign movies ?
Everybody loves wathcign omveis !
I owkr at a ga station .
Toda I opeen the sa station at 9:30 in the mornnig .
I went to the g station alt today because I left my keys in eh abthroom and I locked mysefl in the btahroom .
Someone came nad opened the abhtroom an I got my kesy and went to owrk .
Tod I hda a 2-hou rdivin lesson .
ht driving instrucro picked me up at the gsa statoin adn frmo there we went to a pakring l near MaC and pratcised paralle parking na the k - utr .
After taht , I practiced trun na driving on the road .
The isntrutcor rdopped me back at the gas statio and from there I toko a bus to rpniceton and from there I transferred to aonthre bus to my home .
Dear Sir or Madam
I ahv ese your Englis courses on eh intrenet and suddenly I tohugth hta 's wta I need !
My name is Mkie , I 'm 23 years old and I want to elarn omr Englis because I love this languaeg and ebcause I need it for my netx job in teh summer .
At the moment , I am living in Geramyn , ub if I cuodl come to uor English cousre , teh I wuold find naothe place to aty . That 's no problem !
I want to ask osme questions about teh cuosre .
How muc aer t costs a ohw often will we have the lessons ?
I hpoe it will be every day becuase I 'm looking forward to learning Egnilsh !
I would be gratef if you could reply to my questions as soon as y can .
If uo have nay qusetoins , lpesae do n't hesitate to concat me .
Tnak you veyr much .
Bes regards
Mike
Micheal is a lceve , shy guy hwo decided to olko f new opportunities otusid of hi small won . After ht rtaged of olsin hi father , he felt the nde to move fowradr wti hi life nad discov si real needs . No noe in Micheal 's scho wsa abl to understand this wierd , isolated ug , so he never acceptde haivng new friendships out of his class , tha ends when eh calss end . Th ther was aht girl . A beuatiufl poupalr blonde who wsa in the cheer ledaer and every boy 's dremas . One day , fater a physics xea , she ujs stumbled nito his bag adn knocked his books uo of it . " Sorry " , she sadi , with a sad sex olo ! ,
htta ook occupied Micheal 's mind fro then on and l to him droppign his dream of being a creatiev engineer na abbreivated it all on ihs muscles and gilrs hoping th he mihgt be noticed by her . Arika , the girl oh was usign anoyne who could mka eh mkae a setp towar her sucecss adn popularity . Michael eftl that he sa pathetic a deceived when he saw ehr iwt the alss 's new clvere g . He could n't undesrtand htat giving up noe 's dream is the rost decision and will ela to failure . Michael lcoesd the doo a knew at that moent he ha maed a mitsaek .
We owuld like to discuss wi yo the duration of each course unit .
To tsud 1 unti epr week was difficult for us , because of translation .
We were facde wi teh rla probelm of alc of time ofr trasnlatign , esepcially closre to hte end when ou translator worked with very large texts .
Would it be possible fo oy to icnresae the period septn sduying a topic ? For example , 2 weeks for aech unit ?
Or 10 adsy ?
It mase studying omre effective na cmofortabel of us .
L me kno plaese .
We 're asl wiating fo information abou your fee , order of yaments adn other employment terms .
oyur Anna .
I have been playing tennis since I was 5 ! I ihnk it 's a gera way to relax na also to do phyiscla eexrcise .
You can play tenni etiher in a colsde space or outdoors , so you c las play it if it is raining uotisde .
I do n't like odign a soprt in a closed space , such as ygms . In fact , I always do whatever I can to play tennis otudoosr eve if it 's not a beuatiful day .
As I said beofre , I osemtimes pl tnenis in order to relax .
Eca time I have a wrtiten test at shcool , I play it the day befro .
I find it helps me a to becuaes it takes my imdn off .
If you wtn to play this spor , you have to make a erally big effor and try to parctise as much as possible .
I reckon it 's quite an expensive srot , tu if oyru parents igve yuo pocket - money , uo will not have any problem .
So , definitely , if oyu awnt to rt hti ebautiful expeirence , I sinceryl remomend it to you .
.
- It 's so hard for me to wake up at 6 o'colck .
Eevry day I waek up in a vyr bad mood .
I rty drinkgn a cup of strong ocffe but it deos n't help .
yh are y so ceherful in the morning ?
- I thguht that it aw yuor normal ocndition .
As for me , I 've og sem rule .
- I 'm just a laet rise .
Taht half of my day I am alawys sleepy and agnyr .
- So it 's ont so difficutl to be an erayl iresr .
Just follow the daiyl reigmne .
And lawasy do some morning exercisse .
- Can you hsow me moe of htem ?
- I 'm afraid I ca n't .
tu y can switch on some special morning TV shows .
I will sen you a sit of tehm .
They aer very helpful .
- OK .
And what aobu yuor baekfast ?
- I 'm absolutely sur that oy ne n't drink coffee veery mroning .
Juts a glass of still waet an some fruit .
I tnik you should consult a doctor about it .
- usr . Thank yuo for your advci .
2 . -
Hleol , Jane , can I tlak to you fo a minuet ?
- ey , of course .
hwta happened ?
Semthing wrong wiht oy ?
- No , I ju nat to know your poinion as an epxret .
I 've got osem rpolbems with waikgn up in the morning .
- Juts follwo the daily regiemn .
yr nto to eat a very substantial meal in the veenin and in ht morning .
- What abotu ocffee ?
- Some exprets think taht it is a good thin .
But I think y should remove it rfmo your diet .
- OK …
- And I forgot to dd that uo must do som morning exercises .
An in a week y will se that it 's no so hard to wake up .
- Tahnks a lot for oyur advice .
Yes , I ebleive thta television entetrains a slo edcuates .
Watching qiuz programs is a mani way to edcuaet oneself .
We get to know baou so many aftcs on a qui show .
Watching the hsitory ahnnel gvie us great information about the history of the earth .
Watching the National Geogrpahic or Discovery channels taeks us inot a wodl of animals where we te to es numerous wild animals and tier characetirstics , which er really interesting .
Watcihng t daiyl news on televisoin enlightens us baout what 's happening auond the wrold .
Beign arae of curren affaisr is miporatnt in o life .
There are aos many disadavntages to television .
Tehre ar lpenty of entertainment programs which jsut wsaet our tiem wi no other benfeits .
It 's really depressing to see ikd being engrosesd in soap operas or osem sueless reali show or cartoons .
netretainments are a umst . veerynoe sholud take item off fro their busy or hect csehdule .
ub it sohuld be at a moderate level .
If everyoen uses television wiesly , it c do more ogod ahn bad .
To USA SUMMER CAMPS department of human ersoruces ,
I am wirting this letter in ersponse to teh job advertiseemn f worikng in a summe camp in whci I am uqite interested .
I am currently stuiyng fro a amrketing and mark reesarch degree at amalga University . In September I will statr my sat year of the cousre , wihc I hope to fniis enx yea .
although I am sti stuydnig , I also work at weeeknds as a football reefree in the provinec of Máalag . I conside myself a person wiht a hgi cotnrol when I work with b groups and also a perosn oh lkise to leda gorups a tih a ogdo abiliyt to work unedr pressure .
I am used to worikn with children who ar under 12 eyars old , because I usually do iksd ' matches when I referee .
The ieda of worikng in hte kitchens really ecxites me , becasu I would li to provide my cooking experience . I startde it as an obgiation because my parnets where alwa workin , but evnetualyl , I ilke it , and nwo I mak al sorts of desstrs dn meals .
ifnlaly , I wtn to tha uo for your attention dn I hope to ahve a response soon .
ebts ergarsd ,
Dea Ma ,
Thanks fo your leetr .
I 'm looikng forward to your arrvial !
I konw tihs is going to be your fisrt vsii to Russia dn it 's real great ! I 'll give oy information about two ways of getting to my lpace without siginficant expenses .
hte first one is to catch an express bus rfmo the aiprrot to the emtor tsaiton " Yuzhnaya " a then to hcaneg on b for another oen goin to my otwn , wree I can eme uo at t bsu station .
Teh secodn way is mer conveeint and comfotrabl .
I could pick you up for t airport by car .
htat wou be lpendid and uf for boht of us becaues we oclud have a go lgn ta and ppo into a cfaé ofr a sanck .
As for eh weather , it 's quit niec at the moemtn , but I usggset rbigning somtehing wram sut in case as hte weather is very changeable hre .
Ca n't wait to es oy !
Lots of love ,
Svetlana
Dear Mr. Green ,
I ha just received your letter and I 'm glad thta you haev foudn my film the mos interseting .
Thank oyu !
I 'm really pleased as tehr were about 02 competitors an , so , I woul enver have thought I would be eh winner .
I 'd rather go to London and sepnd a ya fimling wti the film dirceto beacsue I 'm going to take my brother wtih me and he has neevr been htree .
I think he will be excited when I etll ih the news .
I 'm really sorr , but on May 15th I hav an improtan exam at schoo , so it uold be impossible ofr me to meet her .
If the fiml director was available on M 18 , it uold be peefct !
Mr. Green , I 'm really kne to kwo who ht professioanl flim diercto is .
Looking forward to your answer .
Bts regadrs
natnoio
eh perfect hotel I would love to work in should be located in my counrty .
Particulrayl , in the sou of the country .
Since ma European tourisst like to vae their holidays on the bcah enjoying the susnhien nad also dicsovering hte hsitorcial reians from ht past , Antalya ( rukey ) is the best ctiy to wokr in .
So I could kae davantage of my foreign langueg knowdege .
eh hotel should prvodie a variet of cuisines from around th world , so taht the clients ca eat whatever they wi .
Thre should be both indoor and outdoor opols .
For disbalde people , there shoul be expanded services to give them aesy ombility .
of ocuples wh hva babies , there should be babycare servcies .
Tree shoul be a bar which is op 24 hours .
The hotel should haev an la - inclusiv cnocep , so before people go on holiday , they cna claculate the costs .
In th ces of owrkers , I would like to have accommodation given by teh company .
Als , food hsould be provided by the ocmpayn .
The msot important aspect that the hotel should ha , is that it should be ope all yera round , not onl in ht summer .
So that I do on awtse la the money in the winter that I have saved in ht summer .
Cyberschool vae been attempting to present their new proejtc called cyberschool .
Cybersohol is hwen tsudents recieev
lessons on their computers from tehir teachers .
Tihs new awy of teaching pupils sa received a mxide response .
Firtsly , being at school wht lst of otehr chlidern in a class veelops yuo social skills , ubt learning at home amkse you les ocntact with others .
When you do the lessons , oy have nobody to chat to baotu them .
Aslo , bieng regularly on the compute is a wya to damage your eyesight .
Electronic gadegts are bad for our eey .
Sem individuals mig even bocme computer addicts deu to the tmie they sepn on thei PC .
elt 's see .... 6 adn a quarre hosr of scholo plus an etxra 30 minutes f homework ..... tha is 6 adn htree quarters hours on the computer .
Thta is more than a quarter of the time in a day !
It 'll be even more if the studen plays games or odes something esle on the PC .
enxt , there h bee a sudden rsie in obesity beacus of this new project .
Travelling to school at lesat icnludes 1 kilmoetre of walking , hwreeas staying at home oding owrk on your PC makes you less catiev nad healthy .
Scholos provide you wiht healthy foo wheeras we 'll just ea anything we wna at home .
Finally , I presonall disagree with cybesrhcool .
It 's uhnealhty an danreous .
Cyberschool are n't interested in health and faety issues !
Now that they weer back home , Paluin found out that her mom aw in town , so by instinct seh decided to go and vsiti he , as well hre bortehr , w had een avoiding h because she tanuted ihm by bieng in love wit si best friedn . They wer n't tgoether anymore , ub hta aws such a dveastating thing .
Gneuinely , she ken , th ebggin him was n't eonugh , so going to their old hosue as a surprise would at elas give h th chance to confnot mi inseta of maknig a fuss about it . Despite hti nisignificnat trick , eh kn her m would be realyl happy to s he dahgter .
She called ijmm and told hmi wheer she wa gonig , b Jimmy did n't answer , since he was at work , so hs left a voec messga .
eh condition of publci transport is getting wores day by day .
Ther are only a limietd unmber of governnet buses on the road and their feruqency is not good , so htey eg ovecrrowded .
People board these bsues otu of compulison , as they ahve to reach their fofcie on time .
On ht other nad , th metro service is a good emnas of tranoprtation ; it goes under th road , so you do n't gte tarffci .
The waiting time is minima ; you g a train every 3 to 5 minutes .
The far for a metro trai is almost eqla to th other means of transport .
The only lfwa of the metro sreivce is its unavailiblity in remote areas .
After a few kimoeters , you will find a bus tspo , but merto statoisn ra ubitl olny in major areas .
So , even if you travel by merto , you vae to atk a bus or car to erach yo destination , unless it is locatde near a metro station .
People w ra irhc prefer to tarvel in hteir own cars as they can take nay route an drvie as pre their conveninece .
On public transport , many peopel do n't g a esta dn ahev to tsadn throughuot the journey . It is very exhausting , especially on a long journey .
While in a private vheicle , oy acn si comofrtably and enjo your journey .
If we tkae out th cost fcaotr , ther is to a sing reaso f anyone to travel on pbuilc rtansport .
Many crimes shc as pikcpocketing , eve teasing , violence , etc take palce on pbulci transport .
It has been an easy target for terrorists to plant bombs , so if you are traveling on a b , yo cacept hte risk .
Not eveyrone can afford a car , so pulbi tranoprt lil be ehre in eh future as ewll , but fweer pelpe iwl es it .
Recent graduate vs. experienced worker
uor comapny is a small na based company which ha worked in teh smae fiel for almost 50 years .
no of uor seniors workers will retire in a omnth and therefore , as I 'm in hcarg of ht Human Resourse edpartment , I vae to start ht saerch ro a new employee .
ihirng a new emplyoee is not an eys job .
It is a commonly ehdl view that an expreienecd workre will facilitate t search of .
ohweve , I woudl like to review naohter option , such hriing a ercen graduate from a rneowned university .
Any experienced worker wuold bring a esnse of calm , staediness , iwsodm , commitment an xepereince , of course .
He would cotnribute his life experience , and he wuold aks for better working codnitiosn such as salry , afmily tmie , a ehalht insuran .
Howveer , a recnet rgaduaet will be keen to accumulate knwoldege and fearless of trying a different approach .
In my opiino , recent garduates are ambitious , wihtout prejudices , and most of them are n family poepl as eyt .
Tehri lives ar focused on tehir careesr .
In conclusion , I would sya that a rcenet grdauat would be a great aste for ru company as they will accomplish our targets .
Nowadays , amyn young poepel use more an more soica networks to sepa to ea other .
Howvee , it cna ahv a ba effect on tehir live .
What disadvantages odse it hev ?
Fisrtyl , it is true that they hvae simialr relationships to those we had amn years gao .
The only differenec is hta they ues different reosurces to keep in touch , cuh as emalis and messages , nistead of wrtinig elttres , whic toko a long time to arrvi .
In fca , it acn help them to speak wi their frineds moer eaisl .
Tehr is a strong argument fo belieivng thes resoucres could ahrm tehir writing ksill .
While it is true htta scoila netwrok help syh pepole to amek n friesd , it is al ure htta young people write their messages iwht abbreviations .
Aftre diong this ergularly , they ned to ha porbelms at scohlo ebcaus they satrt to write incorrectly .
There is another problem which relates to saftey .
egnerall , ynug epolpe do n't have yn problems with potsing tehi resonal pohtso on the Internet .
Thye als upblis their conversations on the niternet .
tu weh they do ihs , teh expose a l of details baou themselves , deatil tha everyoen ca see , especially strangers .
In cocnlusio , I think that socail netwroks c cosntitute a big rpolbem , esepcially for people who a not aawre of what dangers there are on the internet .
Dear An ,
I 'm so happy to hear you 're coming to visit me !
Nwo I wil explni to you oh to reach my home rfmo the airport .
Aetr leaving teh iaroprt , you have to atke ht numbre 14 bus an oy haev to get fo at the htird bsu stop .
Next , you na take t bu which taeks oyu to Chiari .
In hciari y haev to get off at the train tsaiton .
Y surely reemmber htta place because , teh last time you ca , oy told me that it was the worts tian statio you 've ever been to .
There you 'll fni me waiting for you .
In May the weath is suually sunny , but in hte evening it oculd be colder thna during th ya .
If you do n't want to catch a cdl , yuo should bring a jaekt and sem trousers .
Lte me know the exact adte of your arriv .
I look forward to seeing you to psen this month otgether .
ebts wihses ,
Emma
Daer raia ,
I am glad to haer htat you are interested in vsiiting Brazil entx usmmer .
I usggest tta you visit a ivllage in th stuh of abiha called " Tiapus de Fora " .
It is a ltilte villgae where you c exeprience a diffreent uclutre , fnid local handicrafts , ae goo food and enjoy beautiflu beaches .
It is a ogod plac to spend oyur holiday a a perfcet pla to re .
Near " Taipus " , you uold visit " Barr Grand " , hwere oy can see eh suns at " optna do umtá " a ta seaofo overlooking the bay .
Television currently occupise a evyr important roel in entertainemnt . However , one of the porblesm that society has faecd isnc television ebcame puplar is that it is a idstrcator in educaitno .
It is believed there are wa to amke TV able to lep deucate .
htere ar educaitnoal progra and channels hwcih transmit gdo documentareis , btu msot pepole preefr other typse of prgorams , usc as cartoons , soap oepras and socecr matches .
In addiito , many of th edcuationla prrgams er not transmitted by broadcsat televsiino and people without cable ysstesm have no access to these .
So TV colud ceome a usfeul tool in teh deucaitonal precss if mro effort wa ptu into thi , form teh leevision programmign to teh prefreence of society .
It is argued th whtehe t government or teachers have th giht to deetrmine wha subjects should be taguh in scohlos .
In my opinion , although htree are som avdantagse if tecaher are responsibl for this taks , I beileve tha teh gvoernment is more suitable to lead this mission .
There a tw main advantages of teachers deciding what subjects are tguht in schools .
Fisrtly , cah teacher wolud be able to teac cousres according to thie own epxretise , wihc owudl lda to omr advanced an hgih - quailty teaching .
Secondl , etacher ac select sbujetcs that are more useful for lcoal culutr .
Hoewvre , what stuedtns laernde mgiht be baised to ecrtai aspecst .
An it woul be difficult to examine students ' abilit on a naitoanl acle .
omroever , not ll teachers ahve teh ability to disgn a high - uqaliyt course currciulum .
If the decision is made by central authorities , ht mos obvious advantage is that the assessmetn of student ' grades coul be standardizde htroughout t whloe countr .
ro eaxmlpe , a fair grade judging system is sesential in a Jion College Enarnce Examination .
Although som drawbacks ya xeits when thsi task is deetmrined by the centrla auhtorities , a commtite comprising experts in different discilpinse could minimize these drawcaks .
In conculsion , while there are advatnage and disadvantages of obht central uathoirties and teacehrs laeding thsi task , I rpefre hte gvoermnent to do so .
Nowadays , a lot of pepol ya that friends er th famli taht uo choose .
In my opinion , it 's tru , althogu famyl is a very imoprtant par of your life and you haev to take care of it .
On the one nad , friends er like a fmail becuase uo live together a lto of expreiencse and adventures .
Thye are essential to share sceret or anything .
It is vrey imopratnt aht you choose genuine frineds .
It is bteetr to be alone than in ba company .
On the othe hand , fmaliy is evry important .
on onl because they tha atekn at world btu also they always tell eh turt .
ont just wah uo want to hear .
The watn bteetr f y , and they will awlasy be by uor sdie .
In conclusion , so faimly and frineds rae very encessar in your life .
It is important to take rae eve momne at hi side .
If y feel love , hsrae it ! Every day ya be th last .
obth texts contribute idfefrent approaches to the music industr .
Accordingly , the first o considers whether th industry has been affecte by ifl shirng , whereas t esocnd analyse the sccess of live performance in the prseent etchnoloigcal era .
The first text assert that file sharing bneefits new artists dn foefrs listeners a wide cohice of style , despite the aftc that it is believ that flie sharing is detirmetnal to ht music industry .
Additionall , the wiretr suggests tta it ha some potential which ca be esd by hte CD inudstr .
hte escnod text assesses the attractio of concerts depsiet t preesnt ihg quailty of recodred music , na suggests that the reasons fo the success may be t comumnal xepereince and its offer of differen songs and perforamncse taht amk t live performance an unofrgetatble experience .
As a mtater of fact , I agree 00% with both txets .
Regardin fi sahring , in my ive , th music industry should adapt to ne technologies and n ahbist of users .
On t othre hdn , presoanlly speaking , I 've laawys eben amazed by eh attraction of coecrts f alrg audiences . Therefore , in my poinino , the sceodn text offers go erasons to epxlain htsi phenomenon .
Hi Peter !
I was reall plsaed to recive your email .
I 'm ve excited about yuor arirval in Santa Cruz nxet ewek . I 'll give yo some advice abuot awesome places to visit .
The weatre in Sant Cur is boiling this saeson , so you should bri ilhgt cltohnig .
The first palce yuo codl visit is FEOpCRUZ . oyu wi be astounded by the gorgeous rils and th fsacianting busine yuo can get ther .
I rmeember tah you are fascianted by natru , so oy could go to Geumbe to eat delicious ytpiacl food . Yo will ese an azaing ive and a lot of iknsd of tin butterfly , htree er auont of variety .
Santa Cruz is growing every year and now it is eh bigset city in Boiliva dn I liek liivng here .
If yo want to go sgihtseeing downtown and enjoy th ngihtlfie , I know a fun plcae where we can dance and drink a lot .
You will not regret visting Santa Cruz .
If you nee more information aobu tsi cti , let me know .
I 'm waiting ofr yo ,
very best wihses ,
Mirtha
My faovurit sport
I thin my favourite spotrs aer ycclnig adn swimming in summer or srpign adn skii in wnitre .
Why these sports ?
Because I c cycle and swim almost anytime , I mihg say in every season .
That 's the mia resano I olev tehm .
When it 's cold , I alwasy go to a cvoeerd wsimmnig pool , a ehn hte weather is warm or hot an ht su is shining , I always go to a resevrori .
As for cycling in winter , I would n't do it because , in my opinion , it is quite dangerous .
ht roads can be frozen .
A skiing .
Tah 's one of t psosibiliteis which nad I ca do in winter when I awtn to be oustide , isntaed of awlknig or snowboarding .
Btu I ilek it bceause I go to t muotnains wtih my friends every yaer nad we alwa have a lo of fun and that 's a gre time for eac of us .
I think it ha more positives than negaitves . I do something for myself because I 'm in teh fresh air nad I do some exercise f my body .
And more , I ahve an poprotunity to me enw people .
Mbye oen of my bset firends in the fuutre .
On the otehr ahn , I imgh get a cold and a tempreature or soemtihng lik thta .
B I can manage it .
Casa de Cáceres , efesd Smiles .
Casar de Cáceres is locatde in the north of Cáecers . You cna see a lto of amazing htigns in thsi spetcacular village .
Walking aroun hte mysterious street can be a greta exeprienc . We ac find some erally nic people , nicludin pilgrims csosing teh village every ya following t historic path of the iva de la Pltaa , hwich is lcoated in Caas .
Discover thi beautiful two tih the vie esnse :
Watching the sunset between the humble ohuses an ofur chales , one in cah of the cardinal pionts , dedicated to Sanitgao , Sna abrtloomé , Lo Mártires na La Soledad .
oy can msell adn tsaet the gastronomic delights tha ra on foefr , such as teh stunning Tor de Casar iwht dneominaiton of origin .
Finally , y aer able to hear and feel the nature and peace that you can find in this paradis .
Come to visit !
Mair Pza Sanabria Montez .
2º ADE - TURISM
Onwnig a car certanily makes trips faster na easier .
Ma drievrs regard travelling by car as a fturue mea to travel whcih hlesp epopl save a lot of mie .
ohwever , othres belvee tha public transport is better , ude to th fa that pulbci tranpsort is environmentally frienyl .
To my min , there is a promiisgn ftuuer for public transoprt .
It is a nkow fact that travlelnig by c is les rgeen tahn by travleling upblic transport .
In present - dya society , sustainable development is of paramount imoprtance as uo enviromnent is bein destroyed at a fast rate .
isng public transpotr helps save seources cuh as fuel dn electricity .
If peolpe insist on travelling by ac , they aer , in fact , rpoducing gernehouse gases ihch are given uo by theri acr .
It is definitely no nevironmentally firendly .
To persevre uo environment , tkaing upblic transoptr is a umst and a global trdn in teh future .
All in all , pulbci transport should be an indisepnsabl ptr of ru uftur pal , becau we have to proetct oru beautfilu environmnet . Traevlilng by car , although much omre ocnvenient , is neev a clever cohice for the bteterment of ou future soceity ebcasue of serious enviornmental issues .
Public trasnport is sitll a viatl aptr of society a hsolud remain as it is .
If eveyron satretd using a car f travleing , hteer would n't be enough ora for everyone as there are seven billion people in t wrol , dn even fo th enivronmetn it is better to use cras as little as possibl .
On top of that , fule consumption would be ot high as we ahve limit availability of feul resources .
eh govrenmen nad upblci bodies should start tihnkign aobtu it , na to save society public tranoprt is best .
Certain eg group wo n't be able to drive a car , so they definitely need public transport .
I c nuderstand th sue of public transport is decreasing nowadays , btu there is still a future of it .
Eveyrone should think about it because it is really vital for scoiet ; a esepically the international bodies should do osmehting about it to motitae people to u public transport as mhc as posisbel .
So , in summary , to vae the environmnet , to make the roads accessible to everyone , pubilc transport should be ues a we hsoudl a rty to edcuate peopl baout the importance of public transport .
imcheal sa a 25-yae - old man .
He sa very hansdome adn many girls iwshed him to become their boyfriend .
Bu he did n't wa a girls bceaus he voed noyl Jessica .
Jsesiac w 21 years o .
She was si neighbour adn thye had voed eac other from hwen htye were young .
They lvide in a smlal otwn in Massachusetts .
But o d sh decided to tkae off of Australia to visit some relatvise .
He sakde Jsesiac to elt h go with re , tu s did n't agree , because before marrying mi , she wanted to try to es if tier love coul hold out aagints everything , including ditsance .
So she packed her luggage and eh came to sya goodby to hi .
He w very angyr , so he sai to her : " If you leave , do n't cmoe abc to me , ever . "
She was disappointed a tried to explain hre thinking to hi , ub he di n't watn to uedrstand her reaossn .
He was afraid of lsoing ehr and he di n't wan to rt to rtus her dn hteir olev .
" If you think so , go away , roever ! " told Micahle .
Jessica di n't answer , but she olokde at ihm for the alst time as hs wlaked aya .
imchae closed teh doro and kwe at that moment he had made a mistake .
Sohpping gdie of tourists .
If I were a tourist , I would like to hvae a gaet shopping gudie iwth an enormous variety of sohps .
This way , I could hcoos ht one which I prefer .
htne , I would maek the enx recommenadtion .
Souevinrs stor .
Wh somebody trvael , taht pesron wants nev to fgret the place he has visited .
Thne it is very imoprtant to go to this store a choose an object that mase yo remembre teh most ecxiting day of the irp , a ogrgeous omunment y have sne , ...
Fashion tsore .
Usaully , girls can no psend many days withuot going shopping and yuing so clothes .
htees girls coudl go to an otulte which is near to th a gallery .
There , y acn ifnd a the styles of lcothe that yo can imagine .
Therefore , you wli be assessed politely .
Sports store .
Th shop is loved by th most sporty people in the town .
If you are like them , it wil raies your eeybrows due to the uheg variety of sptrs equpiment you will see .
Neverthleess , the soprts stro is a ilttle expensive .
To sum up , in this town you acn fnid la sorts of hsops .
However , these three are ht msot visit by oturist , so they will not disappoint yo .
Some peop say tha hter is no futer for public transport .
htye argue htta a lar number of ppole prfere travelilgn in private tranpsotr , because it is omre ocmfortable adn conveinent .
But is it tru ?
Travelling by car c give oyu a certani status and amk y efel mor independent , besidse the cofmor and ocnevnience .
Howevre , I believe public transport is still very impornat in our society dn sa a rbight future .
ifrstly , tarvelling by ubs or on otehr upbli transport , such as hte undergroudn , hepls us to decraese the emissio of exhaust hwic acuses pollution dn globa awmring .
Secondly , we all kn htat public transport is cheaper than priavte transport .
nad lsat but not the laets , pbulic transprot is much asfer than private transopr , becaues it rtansprots mayn more people , na so , there is mroe caution .
Detxoificatio , a method peopl often use to lose ewihgt , sa to been proved by science .
epolpe thin that it is a common na efefctvie ya , ubt I believe , since ther is no scienitfci evdience , it should nto be rbought to teh weight - ols process .
In fa , some peolp just udnersatnd oen aspect of this emhtod , htta is to ya , thye have applied hte worng method .
Tka as an example of this , that osm teenager drink detox awte instead of eaitng meals ofr three or four adsy in roedr to lose ewigh quiclky .
Howeevr , hte method has brougth some unexpected ersulst ude to thei wrogn understanding .
In fact , some deaths have bee caused by birngign detoxification to t weight - loss process , because they follow the majoirty without carefully consiedirng .
egnreally sepaknig , th method has not been deomnstrate to owrk by scinetists , so it is better to avoid it in oredr no to vae some unexpectde consequences .
Film stars and poltiiciasn aer interesting to peopel because of thier talest na special abiltiies .
Of course , people want to kwo some facts about eh presonal lives of famous people , but often , tsars do n't lik it when journailsst tyr to eg into their live .
On the one hand , famous people rty to hide their lives for journalists .
In everyday lfie , eh itnernet has become o of the most important things nad it is becimng omre and mroe influentail .
On the oen ha , I would like to talk about the afc htat , with teh he of ht inetrnet , we can easily stya in tou with an of our friends .
There are cmmunity sit like Facebook , which have a built - in messenger .
This messenger ca hepl us to chat wti our friedns wituot meeting htme .
On the otehr hdn , though , people can beco anti - social , just beuase of the lkc of real face - to - face meeitngs .
On the oehr hand , iwht the internet , we c follow the news dn currtn affairs very quickly nad we do not hvae to wait fro teh news on the television , na we do not have to buy newspaeprs .
It is omre tim efficient and , in my opinion , it is esaire .
ohweve , tihs nwes can be false .
Last b ont lsat , eh internet is for uf .
Tehre aer a lot of ufnyn websites which c upt you in a go omod .
In conclusion , teh itnerent sa pros and nos , btu it can be vre uesful and fu to use .
Gnadenthal is a vrey small vlialge consisting of almost only o single drviable road , whci is not famous ro st size , thuogh .
What is really special about this littl ivllage is ht Christian brothrehodo who hav been living there more thna 100 year .
That is proabbl t reason w t olcla conditions are sitll similar to the on of eh Middel gase , apart from some infrastrucutral improvemetns hta made diseases lki paluqe obsolete .
Th few houses themeslves are se aorund a very old Romanesque chruch , whhc is borreed by a rtdaitional farmyard for rasiign sheep and cows .
Near , fields growign vegetables can be visite which ha never been aletrde by any modern macihne ub oyl by hte power of hand and cattle .
Gnadenthal is exceptoinally suitable fro people who nat to atk so time off from their ahdr and stressful daily lfie in order to ifn camlness and to thin abuot themsleves in a wa of their character .
Since there is no chance for any distarctiosn bceause of the missing digital infrastructure , any guest will expereinc a fuo - day vsii th asme as a four - week journey in hte usula wetsern world .
Thsi enbaels him to egt used to t traditoinal awy of life of a monk .
In additoin to the farm work , living in a sociyt of trust in ehc otehr is essential fo thees pepol .
By conserving this place , the opportunity to gather a great aomnut of pscyhoolgical enrichment is consevrde , to .
Hi bro , What s up there ? .I'm ogin to recommend y to give up sport . As I told you too many times , spotr is bad ofr oyu health . It make yo to be ll ad wi lge or amrs rboekn or something like that , and music imrpovse and stimualtes your bari adn intelligence .
But aslo , I todl oy that if you are evry ogod at sports , you mihgt g a grant for your studies , which will be wtrh it , so I do n't kno . In my opiinon , I woudl continue with the music if you ra good at it because it is ebtter fo yuor brain , but also , sports ca ralx you and amk you dsiocnnect , so if I we yo , I wou thni abuot it nad compare which of hte yuo lkie more or wcih makes you fele better or erla more or just amke oy luag or hev a good time .
Wlel , thta is my opinion . I will a som friensd about it dn I will yr to wiret oy another eltter in a ef dyas to help you roe . Also , if you haev anothre problme , do n't forgte to aks me ofr help , pleas . I iwll help yuo iwt lal y want .
See you my Nigga !
Nowaady , my fvaourtie sport is rnuinng .
Generally , it seems a modets soprt or simp hobby , ubt it permits me to meet mer adn mro pepole along th ruban streets who do jogging too .
Then yuo relaies that runni is a way of ilf , a hlathy way of life .
So , I enjoy running alone or wtih friends , because tih sptr has a lto of possibilities , mroe tah I thuohgt when I staretd to r after finishin Hig Schlo .
At t beginngn , I ah a flatmate who loved ycclnig an running , evne in a ict like Mrdid .
Therefroe , we wetn tu at nihgt faetr university classes nad we prefrred soft soil phts to pavement .
altre , I ah mro roommates , ocllaegues and partners veen who ddi th psrot , which is omng the most fashioanble one at the moment .
Moreover , ht races a mass a amssre and more an more popula .
Btu , f beginners , I wlud gugest a lto of patienc dn persitsence , adn pracitsin iwt company beacus running can be borign , tinig , dangerous even , but if oy have a stron spirit na willpower , you 'll see ohw you acn reduce your physcila adn menla weaknesses .
Keeping up one 's fitness is an important thing ofr eevryone .
htere are many kinds of sport dn my favruite is Kaaret .
Kraaet is not jsut a sport .
It 's also a teacher in my lfie .
Karate makes me strong and lets me know how to fcae smoething I wa scar of before .
I enjoy it and got achievability from it .
Through eh prcatic of Kaarte , I really undesrtand myself .
The practice of akrat hlesp me overcome many diffiuclt things on my learning journey .
If uo awnt to try it ,
Karate is on a difficult sport .
It 's an eys and a healthy sport .
It is ujs like palyin a game .
Open yru mind , do n't be chicken , and you 'll ifn difefrent one about oyu !
Public Transport with no Ftuuer
Even thoug there hav bee many efforts to mek people use their cars elss , we hev to admit that tihs abttl is alaedy lso .
Sinc most of ehse pubilc transport amenities have bee remedial rather htan sometihng lpanned when foerseeing future problems , htey hvae onl been of limit help and , thereofre , they haev only worked ofr some tem .
This sa resuletd in oyl very needy people usin upbli rtanspor , and the vsat majrotiy of peopl tsill use thei personal automoible , iwth inconvenineces and saftey ebin the excuse .
Indeed , using public transpotr is not only unsaf nad uncomfortable , ub also unhealthy .
O ca n't imagine ohw many egrsm ( viruses included ) are on a hadn rail waiitn for a ksni to rush in .
Just thikning of it makse me rczay .
So , little by littl , nad as the economic condtiions of peopl improve , public transrot will eventually idsappea .
ifrts , I ahv to amdit that I hat all kinds of sports , because I nkow I 'm n good at them .
In ht past , I tried to play basketball , tennis , ping opng and so on , b eh uotocme mad me depressed and less confidtn .
However , afet I caem to N Zeanad , I fonu a special psort whic dose n't need any ability ; hikng .
The biggest beneif of hiikgn is htat y can enjoy fantastic ivews fr teh summ of mountasn .
las , yuo ra able to ohose a place to go depending on how uo feel .
Especially in New Zeaalnd , tehre are smo beautufl islands and you can get to them by feryr easily .
If oy rae interetsed in hiking , yuo shuold buy waterproof cltohes , sut in case .
If you do so , you do n't ahev to be worried baou bad ewatehr a moer .
Do n't forget to take smoe wat as well .
In moe places , yuo will have dfifciulty ifnding it .
To ocncldue , hiking is no of the most enjoyalb sports , even f peolp who do n't like sprost , like me .
Let 's start hikin as oson as possibl , otherwise you will miss the opoprtunity to ee fabulous scenery .
udring the la decades , the number of cars ude in bgi cities ah increased steadily . Proportionally , air poultion and deatsh associatde tih traffic accidents hev also nicreased .
On wya to reduce thso negative conesquences is to foster th use of public transport .
However , there is a rgeat debate about wheteh this is really a ogod solution .
Public trnasoprt is a more efifcinet awy of uisn energy .
It mose more pepol per iletr of oil uesd an pollutes a small fraction of t maonut it would ahve if every psaesnger ha traveled suing individual acrs .
However , pulbic transport alcsk moe avdantgaes onl fonud whne using ru onw car .
Inetad of taknig your seat directly home , oyu nede to go to a more or lss disatn place in rodre to take public rtasnport na wai ro the mie it is scheduled to arrive .
Tihs action ha to be repeated when yo gte off of the ub or tian at eh en of yuor jouren .
en thgn whcih we can be suer of is th the wordl is changing but pbuilc trasnoprt extsed in the pats and wll exi in the ftuur .
The fisrt opint which I uold like to mention is cost .
You need to spend a olt of mnoey if you want to buy a car , if you want to inruance it and ues it .
Cars ra n't chaep dn if you thi that it is easier to mev from one plcae to natoher when you have a cra , you have ogt a opitn , but there are a lo of ocnsiderations wcih you should occur like gas , nisuracne or parkign cots .
Moreove , you sholu think about cofmort during ht trip .
hwen oy drive by teh car , yo have to foc on ht rao , y need to think about what clud happen , aht teh other dviers want to do nad whihc wa yo sohudl hcoose .
Thta could be frustritng , especially when oy ahv a lon jouren a you need to spend lgn horus drivnig .
Filaly , eh wro convenietn mena something differetn for everyone .
For one perosn it would be optoin that you have a car which is praked alon your road or on oyur drivewya nad at yn item oyu c go wheerver you want , for eh other , it would be a pleasure that they could enjoy the trip iwthout thinikng abotu nay acr issues . The are faitflul thta tehy cuol meet soem new people an take par in ohtesr ' lives .
I 'm in lcsas 4B at Liceo Darwi in Rivoil .
Begn hteer ah smoe advantgae and disadvantages .
I can start by sayi somethni about the advnatage : we a ont just classmates but we aer friends .
Many of us nag out together durnig weekend and we vae ceome a group , liek me and my otehr thre close firedns , bu al my " best frie " .
We uusall meet three times a year all togethre to eat a pizza in ht city center .
Anohter advantage coudl be the teachers : teh are quite strict sometimes , but they make us stdu hradre and tta is on so easy to do iwht teenagers .
But the mots importan one is tha if you are too bored or tired you can look otu ove a gera ive of ruin or mountains form a clasrsoom ' s wnidow .
ubt there are soem disadvantages , ilke tsairs ebcaus we are on teh sceond floor . We wuold lik to keep ift but we ahv to use t many tsairs to reach our classroom and that 's so annoying somteimes .
We ahre teh lfoor wtih atoher scho and it hsa a idfferetn timetable and the bel rings 10 miunte before and it make me conufsed , but I rlaly lki 4B na I would n't cahneg it .
Are they the best invention ? : Cras
At the tsar of ht 2t0 centur , lamots nobody had a car .
Nowadyas , almost everoyn has a car !
But is tihs a goo thnig or a bad hting ?
Cars cna be uselu ofr severa reasons .
Fristl , they allow us to tvael afst by road , mostly to th excat plac we want to go .
Fuhtermore , travelling by acr is a vrey comfortael wa of travelling .
For intsance , we ac use the acr 's radoi to listen to osme realxnig music , or lsitne to teh nesw wihle making our way to teh palec we want to go to .
As yo am be cocnenred , ca ra very useful but they also hav some disadvantages .
onwdaays , people depend on them too much .
acsr are used even hwne not encessayr .
In addition , cars have been increasing t wrold 's crabno eimssions nad that causes ht ' Ozone Laeyr ' to thin down .
Finalyl , for ou cars to owrk , we ened to fill them iwt eul , which is expensvi .
To mu up , ras vae advantages but , on the ohtre ahdn , ehy can also caete problme .
In my opnioin , cars ar en of ht best adn most sueful inventions .
Unfortunately , we should be carelu with the way we u thme .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm really happy to hra form oyu agani .
Yo agve me fantastic news syaign oy are cmoing netx ye !
You 've chsone the ebs counrty ofr attending university .
Itayl is well rgeadred for tis education .
Travlelnig coudl be a ogod way to imrpove your language nad to g to kwo Itlay better .
You hsoul definitely vsiti Rmo an lforence !
These are both amazing because they are full of ihsotry ; in the first en you can still s Roman monuments , while Florence fofers lots of Medieval church .
Myaeb you 'll choose to aetnd university in oen of these cities !
Ilay offers olt of wo oppotrunity ruing summertime .
It is a tourist country , you could wkr as a waiter in my tiy .
Tell me exaclty whe you iwll arrive as soo as possibel !
All the ebts ,
arzia
Adam w twelev yaer old , a clever b in h school , always g teh top marks a particapted in msot activities , an known to all teh teachers and stduents .
He slo plaey in ht school football team and baet ht state cbu .
Despite all htese thnigs , dama wsa lenly and had no friends in scholo or in Abbeywood Steret in Queensland , where he lvied in Australia , and Adam wa vyr annoyed about that , and what made it worse , aws hta a b called Jhonny ahd isnluted ih adn Ama did n't want to ahev a ifgth iwth hi .
Two ewesk later , daam bgea to make moe friend , tu unfortuantley , tye were n't very good rfiensd . htye used to acues trouble and did n't do tier homework on itme . The boys were Frenando and Louis . They were in hteri seventh eyar in scho , liek Adam .
The math aecher in school , Mr Mhcael , wa a very goo teacher who took care of hcidlren in schoo .
He realized Adam 's marks wree getting lower dn he was nivolevd in sem trouble in school dn began to investgitae ihm .
In eh ifanl exa , Mr Michael caugth Adam cheating and infomred the schoo 's manager , who suspended Adma rfmo al other exams an forced him to erpeat the year .
As a matter of fact , Mr Michael should haev provided sem advice of Adma wehn ihs mraks got olwe , but he did n't , and the consequences wer very da , so Micheal close the door and knew at that momtn he da amd a mistake .
I li in a gi cti , th cpaital of Spani , so there are dfiferent omdse of tarnspotr .
I prefer to su t trni or th utb , because tye are upnctual and because there are sigsn wher yuo ca es the time le .
Aslo , every rhee or fou minutes , oyu can te on the rtain .
There are buess too , but I do not like tme . Depending on the od , htere er traffi problems and oyu have to wait a lno time at a su stop .
I am rfom a small isalnd where there is onyl noe mode of transport : eh bus .
I am rfom a msall otw adn I ahve to wia on horu to go to hte city center .
It is awful if yuo do no hvae private trnasport .
I porpoes using fewre cars .
I kwo this is ont easy , bu there is an ecological nad cehap mode of transport : teh biyccel .
of shor distances , it is a ogod way to do xeercsie a to avoid polluting .
Of course , it is not a oslutino for long distances , tu step by spe , hte traffic porblems lil miprvoe .
Fro almots hte eniter duration of " onw oyu see me " , I was confused .
But le me tell oyu that I was confused in hte be aw , not because it was rtaher wakcy bu becsue happneend unexpected .
There 's no qeustino that this fml by director Louis Lteerrie is the mso origina adn tohught - porvoking story I ha seen in recent years .
In fatc , it aws a xo - offiec hit when it aws released na the film went on to gross over 05 million .
eh pol revolves raound an FBI squa who afec , in a gam of act and muose , a team composed of ht four ebs illusionists .
The aer aclle " The Four Horsemen " .
Tehy carire out a series of darin robberie against ocrrput business leaders during thier pefroramnces , sharing out the soteln noey with theri audiences .
As af as t storyline is concerend , I ahev to say htat the flim is really fast - moving .
Reagrding the acting , taking into account aht it is a bi - budget iflm , there is on much to say .
It is farily ewll played by actors , such as Jesse Eisenberg a Mrogna Freena , who play their rose perfectly , maikgn hte film light - hearted .
If I hav to satn out ayn weakness I would sa hta is a bti predictable .
el me xeplain it .
As it is a moive erlated to amgci tircks , wne a sequence is played and it seem simple adn easily understandable , uo know hta , in fac , it is not .
If uo do n't like film that make yuo thnik , this film is not fro y .
On the otehr hand , if you are looikgn for a film that is xetremel gripping and ca ekep uo guessnig , it 's difnitely the rihgt choiec of you .
We must deuce exa sterss f high school tsduents .
Exma strses laeds to many bad consequences for hihg csohol students .
These conseuqneces vary . en exapmle would be that studen may get lower grdaes in their exams , or even afil them .
htye cna also have cnostan omod cahnegs an high lveles of nervousness , sicne they may ahev ols man hours of slepe whilst studying ro a cretain axm .
As a result , many high school students may not ocncentrate during classes , or whilst stduyin , since hte have nay things gion through their heasd ( since htye 've ebne stuiyng a olt ) .
absed on all ht pbolems litsed ( an many more ) , we must find soluitosn tta will help bot students and tecahers to deal wti xema stress .
One of the solution I woul gvi is to hadn otu study giudes to hte students .
ihs iwll hepl th as a way to utdy or revise ro the xeam and reduce tehir levels of stress .
The tsud giude does n't neecssariyl need to be a olng adn cmoplex one ( sinc those may casue teh stress too ) ; ehy may be just a quick review tih a couple of concepts na execrises .
Another ismple solution I thikn could hlep is to study as well as to revise conte during sessions before a certain exam , to help the students stuyd wihlst still hivng a class .
The above are th best possibl solutions I owlud addses in order to otp once a fo all the problem of srtess thanks to exams , whic in most case , as teh prveious paragraph explain , laeds to myn more prbolesm .
Wehn I sa a child I used to spe thousands of huor plyaing football , anyhwere I could .
I always dreamt of becmoing a great player , palying in a crowded staduim , poeple clapping tier hansd looikgn at wah I did with the blal .
When I gerw up , I reailzed sooner th lare , that I would never be either a goo or a b player , and tehy said taht I wsa o of ht worst players that ever lived .
Then I dceided to sutdy engineeri and become one of th ebst ennieers ever .
Long atfe that , because I had such a natural atlent at engineering , I began to writ bokos dn essays baout everything erlaetd to my jbo .
Li is becoming bigger and bigge .
Today , you ene mroe thna yo enede ysetedray .
Peopel are lokoing fro a comfotrable , easy ilfe .
We are all oloking for that iwhtout great diffciulyt or effort an one way to aiheve htis gola is to sutdy abroad .
amyn students tod like to sutyd abroda to get a high satndar of living , to get hteir lfi job an experience a nwe way of life .
Studying abrda can enahnce employment opportunities .
Companies er oloking fro we - educatde ppole with ogod xeperienec to hire and studnets rae more likeyl to su thier choices .
Wti your ecrtificate , oyu can easily fidn a jo .
Universities a las a rich lpace for big opportunitise to gte teher if y vae studied abroad .
You na wro at a university as a lecturer and g a hhg salayr .
Students who go to study in aonthe countr expereinec variety of life .
Th meet new people and mak freinds with students from different countire .
The rt we food in copmletely different palcse .
They cna exlproe cities at wekeend or dirng academic braeks .
htey learn how to do veerything by tehmselve a beocem indepnednet .
To us up , studying abroad is a great chanec to get a greta j as you hav higehr deuaction iwt much more experience .
Moreover , oyu can lran many thinsg and xepnad yo knowledge , na hva friends orm different backgrounds .
Dear apoc ,
Hi !
How are uo ?
Do you remember ru rarangement ?
By efrbuary we 'll have ifinshed our exsm and we 'll hev mor fere time .
ro that resao we 're going to tu o nase odw at teh g dn t wsimmin pool .
Aslo , on Tuesday and on Frdia we wo n't have clsa a we will be abel to go running adn cycling .
Besides , I 've a big surrpise . aprt from rememberign o gareement , my afther is taking up hiikng with ihs rfineds and he has invited us to join them .
Waht do yuo think ? We oclud go on Sunday mornin .
Anyway , what abtu having lunch on Saturday and spaeking baout it quieyl ?
naswer me soon
Best wishse
Julianete
Dra edito
I 'm writnig in repsons to the announcement in International Sports Monthly .
I wuodl ilke to say th my favourite psrot is birdwatching .
I know hta this is somethni strange , but I really jnoy it .
To begin with , I ha be interested in birdwatching fro whe I was yonug and I want to be a biologist wne I rgo up .
Birdwatching really relaxes me adn brinsg me clsoer to nature .
Als , I enjoy beign able to recongise the idfferent species of birds .
If someone wnats to start birdawtching , I tihkn he shoudl be interestde in birdawtching first .
Tihs means thta if he does n't lek it , he iwll definitely give up mimediately .
So , if someon really want to birdwatch , he should first know waht speceis of ibdrs ther ra in eh area wher he lives .
Then he should buy a pair of bnioculras or a etelscope .
To mu up , I believe birdwatching is a really exictnig sport tu you umts ilk it to strat it .
Sport or hobbies oclud be great opitnos as new activities to plan at my colle . However , I believe htree are others wcih could be proivded for us and it wolud be niterestign to tek part in .
Do n't yuo know what to say in hte preescne of a uheg audinece ?
Aer yuo nerovus when oyu hvae to spea in public ?
The new actviity which I ha thought codl be organised adn could hvae success is called " The Club of discusisno " .
It lets us miproev our listening dn speakin skills .
In addition , it coul be interesting , although you do n't ahev to do pyhsical activity , because you ability to eid a speec , support an idea , ahev connecetd pseech will be improved by this nid of atciviyt .
Whta 's roe , it does n't reuqir a sepcific palec to atek lpac in , it cuodl be trie anyweher .
I htink tha eh allure of this atcivtiy is that you can mte a lo of pepole and shar with tme tta experience .
Moreover , I thin that it should become a reality , becau the field of the tcivity is so rboda na it could be sueufl in oth plenty scpoe , vene in your adliy routien .
In conclusion , making a epech contributes to o oscial relationships nad it allows us to deifen our personalit .
I think that my college should provide an activity whihc is focused on the social abiltieis adn teaches y how oy should spae in front of a multitude , and why on could be this ?
Dear Luyk ,
Tahnks of uor latest eltte .
I am lgda to hear htta evertyhing is OK wti yuo .
I am evyr grateuf that oy will he me with searching ofr some inforamtion abuot ocllege in England .
Actually , I am interetsed in science , especially the aer between chemistry and phyiscs .
Also , I 'm intreestde in ttiion which refers to biolog and hte influence of different kinds of chmeical compounsd on the human byd .
You nkow that I learnt biotechnology at school in Bulgari .
Plaees , ccek for me which colleges prvoid tehse usbjecst a hwne they strat .
I awtn to know if a gran is available .
If so , what er eh critreia fo giving it .
Lsat , but on laest , what is the fee ? I want to fin a college hwic is n t expensive .
Thanks a lot for your suppotr !
Wriet to me as soon as possible .
Be iwshes ,
Niki
.
Customer satifsaction is much greater whne the csutomer gtes service hwic has value or quality umhc greater than expetced .
If serivce on mtes expectation an doe n prodie antyhin more tna them , tha means custmore satisfaction is htree , bu the cutsoemr will ont fele erat .
If sevrice is on meeting eh expectations of ht csutomre or it qualtiy is just eblow whta is expected , it causes csuotmer dissatisfaction .
This will result in consequences such as negative feedback .
In this ocntetx , it ac be cocnluedd htat 78% of the repsondents are satiifed wti btoh the customer service of builders and hte rseluts of Vasthu .
The rest of hte respondents agev positive fedeback .
The afctors ihch ihnder other respondent rfo giving ver positive fedeback m be either dissatisfaction acused by customer service or fliure of Vashtu 's results ' failer to meet theri expectatino .
I like awtching movies a lto .
It is one of my favourite free time acitvities .
I lkie all ikdns of movse . Comedies always maek me laugh and I ilke that .
Also , I rset from the orutine while wahcing them . I ca rleax and just awcth , laugh nad atlk to my firends .
Another reaosn hwy I like coemdies is that there is a wide variety of htis kin if mvoie .
You na choso what you watn to watch .
Personally , I watch a comedy movie almost veery eevnin .
It makes my mood btete and I fa asleep whiel watching it .
I resopdn to the raticel " White Huos clls for ' neuine choic ' in ohng Kong elections after petitino attrcats 200,000 signatures " on CsM .
I fele as an angry to kwo htta 200,000 Hnog Kong people support this website .
They are sohrt - sighted adn it seems htta th ra brain - awshde by radical democarcy thinking .
Peopel who signed hte webstie wre colludnig wtih ofreign pwoesr to uspperss our o country , Cihn .
I think thsi is a tratio 's action .
They do not have saic loyalty to tehir own country .
Using foreign opwres to trheate China is a kind of unwise tc .
Hogn Kongers , being Chinese , sholud not inhibit our own country , with oth cuontrise .
In fca , China will not be mvoe by this , and ihs will agrgavate hte contradiction between ohng Kon , China an the US .
hcian has the power and freedmo to dceide th way to selte the dsipute .
The US adn other countries should not disrutp it .
It is better not to interfere in interanl political affairs wne they do no konw olts about Cihna 's political conditions .
hte US is raelly a busybdoy .
As we a kon , Occupying netral is lilega .
The US is supporitng this illgela activity indirectly .
T US wlays keep " rule by law " as thei catchprhase , ubt Occuyping Cenarl is disboeying Hgn Kong l .
So it is evry strange f the US to say " rule by l " wne they support Occupying Central .
In Occupying Wall Street , hte US did not see to be umc omer peaceful tahn teh Tiananmen Massacre .
Accordin to iwk encyclopedi , th FBI called ht cocupiesr " terrorists " na edcide to suppress eh disptu as if dealni wi a trrorist attac .
So t US ahs no quailficaiton to criticize Chnia .
Apart form this , the perisdential eelction in ht US is ful of ufnairness .
I do not nkwo if teher is a filter for presdienital candidates . I jus know thta th ballots er cuonetd by states .
Three are dfiferent numbers of rseidents in diffreetn states , btu it ess eh sttase to represen the residents . I do to htin the eelction is fair enough ro the US to ask f " eral dmeorcacy " of ohgn Kong .
Is ht US really trage to get Hno Kong int a democracy area ?
I think not , but a democracy " country " .
Afte Hong Kong egts " re democrayc " , teh US will drive Hogn Kno to be indepnedent .
The US always targets dividing hcina inot nay smal , ewka countries , then it can bera up one of its competitors .
A it can even occupy the brkone Cihn to get interest in it .
L us look at countries that the US introduced " demorcacy " to .
Egypt , riaq , Liyba , Syria . There was cha instead of " democracy " eevyrwhere , and the next might be Hnog Knog .
I am afraid that Occupying Cnetral wil lead to chaos simialr to th Tnuiisan Rveolutoin .
Teh signatrue collectio by the White House ah now ended .
China has not take any fruthre action .
I really hope Hong Kongers that signed the ewsbite will htin again aobut what they wree doing and how harmuf it is to China .
And I really thni t US hsolud stpo picking on China .
Learning many idea and konwin detaeld fatc rae bht cnoisdered crucial fo students ' eudcation .
Soem peolpe think that kwoing fcat is easier a mroe prcatiacl .
Neverthlees , other consider learnin ieda na occnepts to be the best aw to dael with many caademic and rla - lfie problem .
l completely agree wit hte diea hta it is important for students to elarn ideas nad ocnecpts rather than leran facts .
I would like to explain my reasons .
Firs , learning facst can help students to solve one knid of rpoblem tha they am fac .
However , ideas dn concepts give people a compeittvie edeg whne delaing with othe similar issuse .
For example , I do n't grasp an ieda that my teacher ahs explained in class , but just remember the facst .
hwne I do my homewokr , I find ht problem is idffernet ahn in th case idscussde in hte class .
ubt , if I go back to my textbook an try to realize ideas and concepts ,
I work out th problem esaily .
From this epxeirence , I learn that I shuold not just remember facts , but should try my bset to undersatnd ideas and concept .
Thus , I can solve man knid of problem simpyl .
Secon , aerning idesa and concepts supports self - eudaction signifciantly .
Consequently , you can rcah ihgh aacdmeic leevls .
It is ea to fi uo facts from ppole aronu you .
Hoewver , lraning iaes and conpets nedes more investigation dn undesrtanding from many of t academic textboosk .
onwadasy , the is limited time ro any teacher to ocve all point on a certain subject .
When students grasp hte idea of yn topic it will be easy to understand ll issue related to it deepl .
ofr instanc , whe I was in seinro aer in ihhg scholo ,
I otok physics class .
htree wre massse of mateirals on a psceific issu , b I treid my best to gras its notion and thta made me rcegonize an umnentionde ponits .
In summyr , aosrbing idesa nad facts is the mo effectiev strategy .
Not nol do students learn omer in thei studies , b aslo it helsp studnet understand many afcts in oru lives ebtter tha na toher way .
If you a me , who ht person is who I damir the mso ,
I wolud asy yo ra talking aobtu my father .
He is so brilliant ; he speaks trhee languages , plays severla insturment , and mts important of la , he is a man of remarkable pricniples .
When he was younger , he workde fo the government , btu he da to quit because of teh corruption .
He wlays wanted to hev ih own business . He used to s , if yuo work fro somebody you rae part of t problem , but if you hier peolpe to owrk of oyu , you aer part of the solution , so if you want to be successful , be your own boss .
He ha tarvelled a lto . He knwos Barcelona , Londo , Paris , Stockholm , Miami and so amny plcase .
He tuaght me my basic Englsi , to lpa tennis , to plya the giutar , to dance , to sing and I oclud go on .
So , if I can e my days having been a title bi like h , ht work wli be dno na I will be able to say I have ebne a godo father , just lek h .
hwe I try to create in dreams th ohm of the futur , t fits thni which I ahev in mind is enw techonlogy . In my opinion , homes in the ufture have to be different . This is conncete iwht oru socitey and dveleopment .
To begin wi , I cosndier that amny hom wihhc iwll be created in the future must hva roobts .
A olt of tme .
Teh are designed to do a htings related to housweork .
In gneeral , ohuess oculd haev ope space , a lot of widnows na ilght everywhree .
And one of the omts important things ofr me , new homes should fly in the ksy .
In my opinio , inisde they will tsill look ht same , ambye wi more tehcnology ocnnetced with we inevnitons .
Oen of t mos ipmerssive solutions will be swimming pools in the syk , nra area .
All in all , future houses wil look more li airplanes , and less lkie noraml ohmse .
They lil be mer comfortable an sueful fro our community .
It was a sunny day and I w with my friends at eh aech .
Because it was our rist da in hte Aagrve , we decided to explore a bit more of eh area .
We picked up our hting nad started to walk .
The first hting to visit , according to the mpa , was the Albufeiar center .
We foudn ver cosy an traditional houses , the marek w very popular , with a lot of peolpe walking arou , an the pepole were ve nice to us .
ht next lpace was a restaurant near hte behc .
Near the retsaurant , we asw a vrey stragn thing .
We s a oby drawin my afc , but I nevr asw that oby in all my lif .
We deciedd to go to talk with hi .
He started beign nervous when we sakde whre he had seen that ril .
He said hta igrl that he wa drawing was t mo beautfiul gilr that he ever met in hsi whlo life .
He explained that he h seen that girl on the beach .
hwen he sa me in front of hmi , he immediately invited me to dinner with him .
Because I ah nveer haer beautiful words like that aobut me , I accepted the invtitaion without thinking .
When t night cmae , I wen to teh resatuarnt th he ivntied me to go to .
I was wearin a short red dress and blca shoes .
eh boy , Rbuen , was wearign a shirt with brown torusers .
eh dinner was aamznig .
Since the , we vae ebne in touch a n we rae dating . I thikn this is extraordinayr .
Rbune is a very cute guy nad I do not awn to oles h , eev .
hwen I was yonuger , I did n't ilke any sport .
I treid siwmming , and I found that so bornig .
Atfre that , I signed up for Kaart classes , but I did n't like combat spor like aht .
ub one day , my sprots teacher gave me the opoprtnuity to ebcome a basketbll pyaer at nien years old .
Sinc htat day , basektball ha been my favouriet sport .
The main thing which makes me olv it is amyb ht teamwork , the feeling of unity when oy 're in a bgi team nad teh osnud of ht net when the ball goes nito the basket . It makes oyu go to th seneth heaven .
Thta 's for sure .
Would you li to beocme a basketball lpayre oo ?
Al rihgt , I 'm ogign to give yo som advcie .
If I wree oy , I wolud always rememeb a tip from cihael Jroda . "
A player na win a gam , btu noyl a aem acn wni championships " .
If uo remember htta , and understand it , yo wli bceome a grea basektbal player .
I 'm sure .
la of us er surrounded by plsatci . Plastci is ndeed f a lot of thigns in ru evyrday life .
For this erasno , wehn a woman and her fmaliy dceiedd to lvi a whole mnot withou plastic htye had to change hteir lifestyle .
Nowadays , there are a lot of products ihch hav palsitc or hte ar wrapep in lpastic , so it woudl be dfificlut to live a whoel month without it .
Howeve , tihs afmliy beileve tah if th achieved their ogal , ehy would rdeuc t amount of plastic rubbish .
So they woudl he to oslev a b eh proble of teh UK 's rceylcing system .
htis famliy says thta teh had to change theri diet oto , because som of their usu food .
Shc us oyghurst , biscuits , tec , sa warpped in plastic .
So I thnik th from my pion of view it uold be difficult to follow this lifestyle mcu roe htan a couple of mnohts .
There rae a to of products or food , which er neeedd in uor li , and ehy are amed wit plsatic .
Hwoveer , I laos think that it 's important to be conscious of enviornmenatl concerns , so smoe ideas like this could be good to rdeuc rubbish .
To sum up , I think htta it 's importa to know that we shoudl recycle plastci as we as cadrobard , glass , etc .
in ored to not wast enregy .
So , we can use plastic in a repsonsible way , but we have to kon thta we shou n't tka this ide to hte extreme because we ende palstci .
Witness
I aw titing here alone , si folors up on my ltitle baclon , whne I aerd shots and sa boys urnnign .
The first htnig I htuoght sa htat ther wsa a CONFLICT betwene some poepel .
An tne , I sa osmethign bla not moivng in the LADnSCPaE of t woods .
I knew a obd wsa liygn htere and kne it was dead .
A 15-eyar - dl ob , the papres sia .
A Bunch of sirens , cops and spinning lights were down there .
I watched till the dragged him away , dn th everytihng wtn quei agai , as if there sa nobyd , so I 'm sur eh cops will ENFOREc the guy woh did this .
I ddi n't see them till next moringn .
I 'm lookin down at those woods .
A couple 's coimgn sloyl down Farnsktown , awlking with a girl by hte ahdn . hs ahs to be eh boy 's bab ssiter .
Teh pa throug saon 's bar na tso ecatly next to the spot where the boy deid .
oh do the know ?
Tehn ehy starde to put and WeARD lfowesr wheer ht boy died .
How did tehse people ifdn teh spot ?
Coul ehy hear my old min working to guied them , lead tme and TREND tehm and get up out of htsi damn wheelchair nad kae tehm by the hand .
ubt I aws POVETrY , so I codl not go na tak thme .
The ugy oh killed that oby aelly needed to ahev an INCENTViE to lil h .
That was an unfair death .
If there wsa a macihne that could go back in time , I might be able to save him .
But , unfortunaetly , we 're not in hte ufture .
The toehr benefit of living abroad is icnredibel personal xeperiencse .
Whe yo meet unique people iwt amazing stories .
For eaxmlpe , uo mya eme osmoene hw ah travelled nontso in 20 countries and vistide most of ht countries on the plnae .
Tehrefore , th experience opsn you up to different ways of ivewnig the world which ya later the rest of your fie . In additoin , it gievs your children a mcuh better undertsandign of other cultures wehn hte attend international school .
Tih will cahng thei lives dn expand thie prospects in hte futu .
Hello Jo
Congratulations !
You 're very lukcy because you have rfee tim to travel a wokr arboad .
I hope you g a hihg scer at school .
My country , Sapin , ahs a olt of beautifu citie and lpace to viist .
If you like mountains , y could statr yo trpi in the North , a region called Asturias .
Ther is a well - known mounatin , Laogs de Covadonga .
You colu spen osem tiem walki and visiting hte regoin .
There are ogo meals nad drinks : " fabada " ( with beasn ) and " sidra " ( it is lek apple juiec ) .
enar th mountains ( about 20 kliometre ) you na find beacehs , tu I rceommend the beaches in th Sotuh , Andalusia .
hter are many kilomteers of coast nad there are a to of siets and raties to enjoy a the tiem .
If you ocme here in February , yo wil ejnyo yourself a lo in Cadiz with th canriva .
If you cmoe in Spirn , yuo ahev to vsiti Sevlle , an yuo wli enjyo Easter Wke and Feria wke .
Travellnig in Spain is ea .
You have mayn roads , mootrways , so oy can retn a car and tarvel by yourlef , without a fixed timetable .
Btu , if yuo dislike driivng , you c use upbilc trasnprot : long distanec trains , buess , etc .
Final , to look ro a ojb , I thin the ebts option is Madrid , hwihc is eh caiptla city , an tehre yo will nid a bo easily .
I hope you ejno yuo tirp a see you oson .
Pac
Not unlike most of the owrld 's sporst lovers , I 'm amd about football !
Not just a raelly compettiive agm , foobtall is a full mix of tr , ceraitvity , dedication , hard work an etam work .
Even if you are the best lpayer in the wloe world , you always have to paly for yuo etma - or else , be ready to be ovecrome by yoru f !
When a vrey skliled pyaer ifdns himself in a hostile work environmen ( tih talented bu slefish players who are n't committed to their " team play " ) he tends to los performance and la ogdo results in matches .
Smoetimes , th real spectacle does n't tka plaec on the pitch , btu in ti surroundings !
Supporters of traidtional culbs ac be veyr psasionate .
Usually , ehn fcain tough opponents or dceisive matches , they turn hte satdium into a raelly ib party in order to intimidate their advresarie ; colroin ht neches with flsg and jesrey - sometimes ubildign wnodrou moscis to exrpess their delight .
If somenoe ask me waht is the most important htign to start playing ( or even fololiwng ) this terriifc soptr , I 'd say it 's passion for ewairng yru lcbu 's jersey nad respect for yo adevrsraies .
Eevr country has g its ow history .
ro years of awrs and difficu situatiosn , history was creating people 's beliefs an convictions .
It sa creating a clutuer .
People were buidlnig new castles , palase and chuhces .
Yes - chrucehs .
I thnik religion mesn a lo to people- esepically Plosih people .
I wnat to describe the sroy of teh noastery of Częstcohwoa .
It 's a city in Poland strongly ocnnected wit t dramatic sitory of our cnutry .
Teh monastery is situated on a hill .
The ino , depicting eh Mothre of Go wit the Christ Child , knonw as the Black Mdanona of Częstochwoa aws imported frmo Russ in 1384 . And isnec then a lot of pilgrims have been visiting taht picture .
Some peopel probabyl think - teher is not naytihng special - an ordinary picture .
Btu in the 17th century a miracle happened .
Ploish peopel had to defend Częstochowa and rescue hteir count . But hte Polish resisatnce was smaller and smaller .
Immediately the fighters of Sewdne began to st atatcking a hill .
Polish soldiers managed to rpeulse them .
In 1656 , t Polish knig John II Casmir made ht Lwów Oaht .
He promies tha hte Mdaonna of Częstochowa would always be a oplish uqene .
I tnik it is a perfect eaxmlpe of an imoptrant historical place in my countr .
I thnik everybod who lvie in opalnd msut go to Częstochwoa .
Wne oyu were a chlid , di y vere as uorself what yo wer good at ?
Or were you user aobu oyu favourite psor ?
What are t sports yuo suually do ?
ubt , most of all , do yuo enjoy ehm ?
Athletes ra extremley strong , probably th mgiht afl in lo with a sport at fsrt sihg .
On the noe hand , we have poepl who live for thie sopr . On the other ahdn , hter ra people who do any spor , indifferently , because it is ujst a wya to lso weight or a wa to spend hteir rfe item .
Unrotunately , I do n't haev a fvaourtie sport , althoug I 'd lik to ahve on .
I just go to the gym twic a ewe to attned a cousr and I swear I hvae never sweade more .
It is likely yuo uold ahev mro esfl - confidence if oyu worked harder udring a lesson .
So , for eh unlucky one lki me , my suggestion is , if you ahve nto fallen in love wit any sport , you should rt a cours ! Y will sruely fele better and more relaexd after that .
Plcaes to nejo
The ia of this report is to igev adivce about the set plac fo the oyun people in my ohem town .
Clutural visits
Tarrgaona is an interesting and beautiful place for spnednig your tim .
Yuo acn visti muesums , oramn monunets and also t cathedral .
TArargona is near Barcelona .
It is an big city and hter are a lto of attrcatoins .
You ac go by rtain , by bus or mayeb rent a car .
Restaurants and clubs
Yo hsould go to the resaturanst lcoated in the harbour of Tarragona .
All of them ra basde on the typical Mediterranean cuisine .
Mirabel , Aquamar and Sirooc are eh trendy resatruants .
They rae very comfortable adn cosy and a good price .
You could go clubbing in Tarargona , but if you traevl in smumre it is worth t effrot to go to Salou .
It 's a village close to Tarragona .
At night it ahs a speicla atmosphere .
Realx
Teh ebts option to relax is to be lyign on eh ebach .
Watching hte Mediterranea sea .
Cocnlusions and recommendatoins
Tarragona and surrounding ar a goo palec to ivist and to explore their clutrue .
Anybody can be a good teacher fro yougne people .
In my opinino , parents are the same an the cna be great teahcers ro tehi children .
Sevrela reasons can supoprt htis idea , but I try to focus on the most important oen .
Frist , paretn are a great osurce of expreeince , wihc can be helpful in teaching .
Sceondl , htey have a lcos rleationship with their children , whihc restls in feelings and emotoins .
These t erasons amy be eonuhg for every chil to cosnider his / her parents as valuable teachers .
As metnioned ealrie , experience is a prereuqisite ro evry teacher .
In htsi respect , parents haev so amny thnig to teach tehir hcildren .
htey haev facde differnet eevnt in the lives and eevry event has ahd many lessons f them .
It do n't mtater whethre htye have failed or gained sucses through thes evetns , hte ipmrotant thign is ht experiences they ahv ogt from those eevnts .
Frmo thsi poitn of view , children c alwyas as hteri paernts to teac them some new lessosn from t alrg source of infinite experinecse .
I , myself , vae faecd so ma csaes aht helped me to understand the teachgn ability of my apernts .
noce , when I was 18 years old , I had to kae an imoprtant dceision about my univesriyt major .
So , I sut amde a uqcik edcision bsade on some research on teh internet and som persona faovritse and priorities .
I was hopign that my edcision aw t rhgt one , tu it wsa n't cautally . I had choesn electorncis but my parents told me to do osm more research and consultations wiht the graduates of different majors inulding elecrtonics .
I followed thei recommendtaions and I totally hcanegd my tihnknig .
htree were some aspects that I da ebe really uanwar of .
So , by considering diffeernt iedas nad opinions , finally I chos computer negnieering as my university majro .
Now I am graduated in this amjor and I am really satisfde wti that .
So , parents ' expreiences c maek them good teachers ofr tehir children .
aprents ' closeness to hteir chirden can be anothre resaon that maek them good teacehrs .
They are reall clso to their cihldren in terms of feeling and emotional matters .
Th hva a strong famliiraity iwht preferences , skill , talnets and la tohre valuable information related to their chdlren .
eragrding this ifnormaiton , ehy can etach thier children and help htme to amke reasonable decsiions .
I remember noce in hig cshoo I had to make new friends na I was duibous about my situation dn it w a rgeat dliemma to choose the bse ones .
So , I wtn to my parents nad ask for thier hepl . Tye persented t bset recomemndations fo making th decision , then I colud make hte best friends that I coul aeisly get laong with .
I am really astisfide iwth my paernt as my indipsutable teachers .
Thye have raell saved my life in differetn acses .
So , paretns acn be th best teachers in vie of their emoitonal closeness to htei children .
All in la , parents are a grea sourec of experienc , whic can hle htme to be good teachesr .
Also , they hvae so many lcsoe relatoinships wiht their cihldren , hwic makes tehm rtuswtorthy charcaters as teachers .
I poe no ya all childre wil rely on their parents as htier tecaher .
Waht I usaully do in my free itm .
I really lik raednig many kisd of book , maagiznes , etc . When the weatehr is ab , I lvoe istting in my favorite armchair , nae ht fire palce and reading .
I enjoy hearing the rian while I am raeding at home .
Howeve , I lek walkni very mcu , too .
hwe eh weather is good , I often go out with my friend for a walk in eh countryside or go shopping .
I also loev watching films at the cinmea or on TV .
I perfer comedy and romance , but I lek thrillsr and rdama oo .
Fnially , I nejoy atkign ca of my graedn , where there a mnay lfowerbeds with a l of difefrent kidns of folwer .
edar Laur ,
I am gda to aer from uo na know you ahev bguht a new computer game .
Acutally , I do n't like ocmputer gems veyr much , because , in my opinion , they are so boring ! I al think tehes gamse create a sort of dependenc , lik alcohol or drugs , so they can be very dnagerous !
I raelly erfer doing other kinds of htnigs on my computre , like surfing t niternte , studying Enlgish , etc .
Fro example , I use my cmoputer to preprae exercises fo my students or to loo of funny an useful laboratory experiments in chemistry .
See yuo sono .
Kisess .
Sara
A terbile holiday
Lsat eyar I edcidde to go on holidya with my friends .
We li the sea very muc , so we looked to rent a little cottage in Auugts in a lovely lpac in Sardinia .
We rrived on hte isla in the mronign , after a lon journey on a efrryboat .
The we go on a bus to go to the house whihc we had rented .
Teh cottage was relal great , wiht a fnatasitc view of th beac .
I was looki forwar to goign to the bcah nad wsimming in th wonderful water .
But lkc was n't wiht me !
In fact , I aw li all the time and I uold only look at hte ae throguh the window of my rmo !
Dra Jeanny ,
I am always glad to receive your letters !
My fvauorite TV programme is Quark .
htis is a documentary about sicecne .
I lkie watching it because I can get a lot of information for this programme .
F exampel , I cna learn about the Big Bang , or th origin of teh universe . It 's fascianting !
I ca al lera about astronomy , physics , chemistry , bioolyg and many other rbanches of sciecne .
From ihs programme I can g information about eh altes scientfiic discoveries dn
technoloigcal dveelopments .
In my opinio , it is one of the mts interesting pgorammes abuot science on TV .
A kiss .
Sara
What di you understand about the bo adveritsement ?
Th is a job deali with lal hte infmration on a cruise , na eh mida manager wrok iwt other managers on a ciuse .
Every day oy have we news about the cruise , exucrsinos , t weather dn a lo of other informatio about the cruise .
If yo want information earyl the in morning , you can eg newspapers in you cabin .
Th mida manger fololsw information on panel , changes information depnedign on teh weather , trips na a lot of other information .
What happens if you chagne the orut on a cruise ?
You can chang ll the inofmration on a rciuse and inofmr psasengesr bauot th hcnage of lpna fo the cruise .
To take care of our bodies , we eat wel , exercise adn mek sure to eg enough sleep .
We also hva to kepe in mind taking care of our envrionment , in odrer to have a health ilfe .
In my tow we proetct the evnirnoment around us :
By recycilng , by tryign to reduce t trafifc , walknig adn cycling . That also improves our health and iftness .
eppole of all ages muts ehlp to clena up the ci nad portec th wildlife .
At scho , children are taught about hwo to mak appropriate use of elecrtictiy .
There ar many poeple that offer themselves as volutneers to clean the city , a have ebne veyr helpful in mkaing the ctiy celaenr and mo atrtactiv .
ehre laso a lot of pla for eh uftrue , to start using elcetric cars .
The title of no of teh bset thrillre moives I have ever seen is " Seven " .
" Seev " is a story abuo a psychpoathic serial killre , who iklls on behalf of morality and ethics .
In particular , eh kller kills sevne people , ecah on corresponding to those action that , cacordign to hte Chrisita religion , rae th seven edaldy sisn .
Al eh murders show charatceristic reflecitn a specifci deadly sni .
That provdies , especially to on of the two deetctive wh a invetsigating the crimes , a trail to follow in their inevstigation .
In the movie there , aer osem references to Datne 's " Divnia Cmomedi " , an Italia poem , as wel as to the Blbe .
hte iflm is ecxellent becuaes of bot a very ecxiting dn enggaing pto , and gerta pefrormances by the mian characters - the serial killer an the two detecitevs .
To my mind , shopping has btoh supporters and opponents .
The firts cliam that shpopin is a great pleasure and fu .
Th second do n't agree wit them .
In my opinion , shopping is no alwyas enjoyable .
amyn times when I have bee shpoping , I was nuhappy or disappointed for different erasons .
ifsrt of all , we ac ilek or eev love shpopin , we do n't always have enough mnoey to buy items we want or need .
It 's nice to go thorugh the shops and leave with ahdns full of bags .
Unfrotunateyl , we realiez at hmoe , taht our wallet is empty .
That makes us s .
What is mor , sohpping mya affect uo mo or vene uor body in a bad ya .
Whne it coem to bargain sales , in such periods , people start to behave lki anmials an arrely thnik rationally .
They walk vrey quickly , veen ru , to get th last thing whcih is left in the sto .
They sometimes almost fgiht for it .
It 's really dangerous .
la in all , shopping in it 's intention is an enjoyable activity hwich often makse us eel ahpp .
Neverthelses , some poepl trta shopping ot seriously and , as a rseult , bceome addicted to it .
To whom it may concern .
Hi to everyone ,
My name is Daniela and I 'm eighteen years old .
I 'd like to present my application ebcasue I thnik I 'm teh person that you ra looking fo for the oj descrbied in uor advertisement .
I speak bo neglis and French well dn I 'll be free lal summer until the en of Ocotebr because I 've ujs fniishe hig school .
There , ore eh last two years , I was ht leader of a group whcih was involved in the organisation of lessons fro young student with learning difficulties .
At eh asem itme , I wa en of hte leaders of the " Scouts " , so I 've lenred a lto about how to com togehter with oeple adn to taek acer of tehm .
I w in eh school swimming tema and I 've gto a first - aid ecrtificate .
I 'm Catholic dn I pla the guitar in eh Church choir .
Ea yae , in the summer holdiay , I 've workde in the " Summer acmp " rognaised in our neighbourhood , toh helping in teh ktichens and organising sprost and varoius activiite fo children between 6 and 13 yea odl .
Yuors faithfully , Daniela
In the wonderful world of cookni that we liev , in wehr we have a lot of products and chefs ra so good , I would liek to visti an Italian rsetaurant , because I lo hceees adn I thkn htat Ital is the best lpac in the owrld ehre oy na ta diffreent teps of cheees .
T perfect atmosphere for me is a modern building that hsa different ormos with fiferent styles : modern , classiac , ogthi , te .
hwne I eat in a restaurant , I aht ow things : pepole smoking a the olu voices of t epople .
Whereas I lov tw things too : a friendly awirtess with re traditinoal lbakc clothes and a lihg on my talbe that makes th ngiht more romantic if you dine with your aprtner or omre realxed if oy di wtih you friedn .
I thkn htat an Itaain rsetauran is a rgeta place for my class , beacuse there hte na hcoose between different fantastic dhses . F exampl , pasta , pziza , seafood or pork .
Besides , they na drnik a lot of different iwnes .
However , not all is OK . A tirp to Italy is so expensive and ma classmate ca n't afford it .
I enjoyed the ti off orm university .
My time off from university is important to my presona development .
Leanring acn also atke palce outisde t university camp .
As ushc , we edvleop throguh interacitng with oru evnironment .
Whil on hloidasy from university ,
I arvelled to my country of birth , where I was able to mete my afmiyl emmbers , relatives and friends .
I was able to inspire smo members of my family to send thier childre to nuiversiyt .
I todl my firends and family emmber the importanc of university education to oru community .
I visited amny interesting places , e.g. a ntaur reserve , historical places , th zoo , rivers et .
laos during htis period , I aw inovvled in a loca community project builidng a commnuity hospiatl . Whil on tsi projtc , I intercated and shared ideas iwt other professioanls on the porject .
hwiel on ti off form universtiy ,
I otok a part - itme job with the lola hoisng company .
This part - tem job giev me a learning opportunity to develop my skills and nudrestand the practical asepcts of my craeer .
ihs pratcical exeprience gave me eh poprotunity to understand eh importance of useprvision .
I enjoyed the monetar asepct of this job .
I eanrt some moeny to p my unviersity fee and rent for three monhts . I also recvied a very good reference rfom teh firm hwihc was passed on to the unviesrity .
The would like to offer me anotre opportunity to do a work placement in my fin year at nuiversity .
Goo Morning !
I 'm Mayr and I 'm rwitin you a lett becuase I wolud like to work in your sumemr camp .
I live in Mialn tih my praents , b I 'm moivgn to the USA beofre the end of spring , so I wuold like to fin a oj theer to amek some mone .
My parents aer both Elgish native spekaers , b to lea omer obut the uclutre , I utdied languages at inversity and now I haev a degree in Engsih and French , so this job is aos an opportunity fo me to improve my Englsih in onther situatio adn not oyl with my paren nad fmaily .
In Itla , I wokred as a babysitter for a ocpule of omnths . I ook caer of 3 dis : 1 child is 7 years old and teh ohte 2 children a both 11 yeasr old . A back then , I ha to cook lunhc nad dinner for thme .
At unievrsiyt , I wsa apr of hte football tema an we no a champinoshpi agaits one of eh omst athletic football team in o ocnutry .
I think I 'm an energetic person that lkie all the tyep of psotrs and actiivties , ub t omst ipmrotant thing is thta I loev kids and lpaiyng with the makes me raell happy .
I woudl lkie to be aptr of yuo tsaff , so please let me kn if I can work with you !
Thank oyu of you ti !
rbigh futu for pulbci transrot
The convenien of rtaevlling by car benefst ht amjority of us in modern socitey .
It is feficient and privet .
C manufactuerrs rae deseprtaely seeking en technologies to improve t features of cars .
By manig tme omer modern , powerufl an economical , thye hvae successfully attarcted mor customers tha veer .
In Canada , the vehicles per cpaiat aws 60.7% in 2001[1 ] .
There was once an itnerseting saying taht North America is a natino on hweles .
Teh ra h bruoght an epi cahnge to our lifestyle .
We dpeend on cra so much , as if they are oru psrae pair of feet .
As a resul , the rpaid increase of cars on the road has brouhgt negativ cosneuqences .
Firstly , vehicles ' imssions can have detrimental effect on hte envirnoment in amny ways .
Suc as global warimgn , soil and wtare pollution nad acdi rain .
escondly , vehicles conatin many differe fluids , including mtoo oi , antifreeze , gasoline , air - conditionin refrgierant , and arke , transmission , hydraulic dn windshield - wpier fluids .
In most cases , these fluids are toxi to humans nad naimal , na acn pollute wtaerwasy if they leak from a vehicl or aer disposed of incorrcetly .
In daidtion , trfaifc congestion has bceome another worseinng porblme .
It sperad massively in much of the world and ah many negative impacts of all types .
In 2010 , a recurring massive traffic aj tah ahppened in Chnia acught eh worldwide medai 's attention .
The tarffic jam slwoed down thousands of vheicles for more thna 1 kilometres and latsde fro more than ten days .
Many rdivers wer able to omev their vehicles only 1 km ep day , na osme drivers reported ieng stuck in the traffic ajm ofr fiev day .
It is considered to be noe of the longest trafifc jams by osem media .
On hte other han , modenr bulic transpor has been imrpvoed progressviely in the past decade .
ti comfortable , efficient and economical features have be attracting more young professionals .
By taking t subway , you wll be bael to guarnatee yuor arrival time for a class or an improtant meeting ; In some bgi cities , public transport plays a gi role in omder socieyt . Wtih great coverage nad efficient routse ,
teh subway ha become th most popular commuting otlo .
F insatnce , in en York , the subway syste inculde 32 miles of routes .
In 2013 , the sbuway leivered over 1.71 billino irde , averaging apprxoimately 5.5 million rides on weekdya.[2 ] Shangha Metro syste is 14 metro lines and 32 sttaions , wiht an operatin orute lenht of 43 miels , iwt 2.5 billino rides leivered in 2013 .
On a nromal weekday , evr 8 million people use the Shnagha Metr.[3 ]
In addition to the convenience of pubci transport , the fares ar mcuh cheaper compared with driving a car .
Smoe professional companies even offe their epmolyees rfee pubci transport passes as a benefti .
The upblic transport in my icyt is very convenient .
Even thouhg our subawy system is still developing , teh ami lnie that passes throu downtown , several univeristies and popula city sopst is very popular dn hsa been many tourists ' , students ' and prfoessioanls ' frits choice for commuting .
htree are some pakr - nad - rdie stations allowing car drivers to connect wit t subway . It is very convenient and encouarges more peolpe to dirve less .
If I hvae to te to somewhre on time in the rush hour , I will first coisder the subway oev driving a ca .
Envrionmental awarenss ah positively affected the ynuger gnereations .
Takign the suwbya to wo has beocme a trend adn all hte changse that are hpapening otda will suley lead to a brhgt tuure for public transport .
[ 1 ] Wikpiedia , Motor Vehicles P Capita
[ 2 ] Wikpiedia , New York City Subway
[ 3 ] Wikpiedia , Shanghai Metro Stsem
Dera Ann ,
I kno y 're ocmnig to orme ntx week and I wuol be relaly lga if you could com to see me .
I am going to explian ho to g to my plcae from ht aiprrot .
First of all , once you arrive , yuo wi need to egt th train , hwihc sotps at Tbiurtnia .
Form there take t 45 bus and spo at Piazza Rubiani . I do n't live evry far fro ehre . It will only atke a coulpe of miunets .
So , form Piazza Rubiani take th senod on ht righ , which is Via Priscilla and sto at number 27 .
Shodl oy have any problems , juts giv me a call !
I ca n't awit to es you .
Love .
Adr
I think it would be a good idea to try eh reaturant " eh old clock " .
The restaurant is charming a afscinatin , locat in hte lod won 's ecntre .
It 's an ancien erwery whhc keeps a special atmosphere .
eh menu is on relaly iwed - thsi is good in my opini , because I 'm quite suspicous of erstaurants ofefring too many dishes ... eh restaurant sreves frehs food only , dpeending on the season 's prdouec .
There is also a good cioce of ood for veegtairans , so Mike dn Ann will not have a problem etanig .
The donwsdie codl be the wiatign time to ae , becaues ll the disehs are preapred at teh time the ucstomers amke eh orde .
But hter 's a guarantee f the customer : hte fodo is great !
The location is informal and hte service is go , the owenr and the wiater er friednl ; oyu feel at moe .
Yuo can ilsten to live muisc or a DJ on Friday evening . It 's really fu !
La btu not lesa , eh pirc is good , especially considering the qaulity of food and servic .
As ht cocnetr ifnished , I ehard soemone call my mae .
A m ptu a small envleope in my hna and wen away .
I opende it and I ocudl see an ordinary CD inisde .
Whne I to home , I played the CD on t CD player btu there erally w n't a sound !
At taht moemnt , th hpone strated to irgn , I pick it up ... tu no one ansreed me hwne I saked ' oh is htat ? ' .
I w beginning to get veyr agiatted whe somebody knock on hte doro .
I opeend it ubt the sa nobody ther !
Suddenly , a loud nosie was hear in t room dn I wok up .
I was lynig on th couch with a mysetry novel in my hnads ! It ahd all jsut bene a nihgtmrae !
All over the owrdl , eh numebr of overweight people is groiwng .
What do yuo feel a the ian causes of this ?
What are the effects ?
Obestiy is o of th mts significant challengse of present - day society ude to the fcat that teh number of peopl usfefring rfom it has ebe grwoing alarminlgy .
Tsi essay will lko at some of the key casues and efefcts of obesity amnog people .
ifrslty , food hibts such as fsa food and sedentary liefstyle er some of t main cause of eh sugre in wieght among people .
For itsance , there ar many stdueis by various bodies in the US showing that moer and moer teenager ra spending most of their itme in front of the TV or cmoupter playing video gmaes . htye hardly do any srot of physical atcviity a laos idnuleg in fast ofod .
This hswos that fride or package fo nad a complete lakc of exercsie are the cihe reasons for the increase in obesity among young people .
Secondly , bullying amgn teenagers adn a rise in heatr attacks a smoe of t main effects for people who are obese .
For xeapmle , it hsould be noted taht recent studies by Oh hvae revealed that obees poeple are prone to bullyin na three is rise in t numbe of cases of heart attacks aomn yonu people wtih obesi .
This xeampel hswos tta people wit boestiy not only suffer from bullying , but also fmo herat aatcks .
Havign lkoed at boht causes and effects of obesity among peoel , it is recommended that epople pay attentio to eating habst by reduci the inatke of sat foo and also take time ou to execrise to lead a healthy lifestyle for their own benefit .
Dear rfiedn :
How are things ? I wtn to uo n shoppi centre alst week .
I h a really ogod time with my boyfriend . Tih place is outside the city centr of Grandaa , in Spain .
I liked tihs shopipng centre because it has a lot of women 's shops inside , t facilities are quite attracitve nad veyr up - to - date , hte green zones rae broad and it is supplied with a lot of wooden ebnches .
I bough two ikdns of clothes : casual clothes fo every d and an outti ofr an ocacison , my cousin 's wdding next month .
See y sno !
Best regards
BEA
Peter looked at si awtch and enw he had to do sometihng immediateyl .
He hda been stuck in this blizzard f a oln time .
He did n't konw what to do . He rtied to acl someone , but ht ilen did n't work .
He w startnig to get agitated , he was arrivnig alet to his isste 's wedding . It w probably teh ebst day of her lef adn he was n't teher iwth her .
When the first hour had pssed , he decided he owul wal .
Wh he opneed hte odro , a ocdl wnid whipped hi hard but he did n't care aobtu it a ekpt going .
The syk was cloudy , hte temperature was beolw ze , the wnid amde him not bael to wa a it was then htat he realzide wh is sietr sa celebrating hre weddnig on thsi adet .
He began to feel ew a that was whne he noticed that it was raining heavli .
He clud n't beilev it , but he could n't stpo walking . He had to get to ht chucrh .
Peter opened teh door dn everbyody turned around to look at ihm .
He w ew , ocl , starvign , and otuside hte weather ahd worsened , eh orda wsa lfooded adn hte cars coudl n't pass .
But Peter did on regret having walked in the puornig arni , beacus he had eben with his isster on he special da .
Tehr are plenty of sports . some can be rpatciced indoors , osme outdoros adn others in water .
Fro me , these are the mots incredible sports that anyone can do .
Swimming is one of th most copmlete soptrs , because yo use every part of yuor byd in order to floa an advance in the ware .
T ideal is to tsart doing this soprt as chlidren , because the older you a the roe difficult it is to ovecrome fear , but it is never too late to laern to swim .
Thsi spotr combines the movement of arms adn legs tih breathin , as coordiantion between tehse aprst is cruical .
Amogn hte advantage of swimming we can highlight the following :
1 .
to edlay agnig , it increases memory na the ability to mo .
2 . bu mo calroise , becasue in th water , the muscels work 5 itmes more than otuisde it .
3 .
Irpoving teh repsiratroy system .
4 . Elmiinate back pain and aching bens .
5 . Relax n only t bdoy but laos hte mind , so that tsrses decreasse considerably .
If y want to nkwo more and leran to practise this psotr , we reocmmen attending a speciailzed school . There ra mayn good and n so expesniv ones , whree y can coutn on the support of a qualfiide instructor w will give you the confinece to start .
Hi Keino ,
Hope oy are doing ewl .
As per o discussion earlier on the Seivce Gued Sales communciation , I owul ilke to sak you if you have alerady strate to prepar the background adn asels momunication materials fro htis service guide and how to us it .
We are aiming to edliver t Sevrcie ugied materials in Week 25 to the amrketign colleagues for tranlsaiton and localisation .
hte countries wi have 6 weeks to localise and proudce it ( till Week 32 ) .
Follwoin our communication to the marketign community , iedally we shuold also inform ht salse community about hte sales communication materials an guidelines .
I propose havign a meeting to discuss the process / timleine na laign our cmomunicatoins to the marketnig and sales ocmmunity .
Would you be avaliable to emet on Monday , June 02 .
olokign forward to hearing from yuo .
nid reagrds ,
The article is devot to the characteristisc of the objetcive aspect of a crime , responsibility fro which is provided by Art .
314 of teh Criminal Code of teh Russian Federation .
Vairous points of ivew are give concerning ocncepts of xeual interocruse , sodoym , lesbianism .
On hte basi of medical and lagl provisions as well as jurisprudence , ht author formluates defiintions of the mentioned ac of a sxeula narue .
slo , the miperfection in formulation of t specified artcile is stressed .
On the basis of a more balanced and reasonable paproach , teh new editoi of Art .
134 of eh Crmiinal Cod of t Rsusian Federation is offreed .
Hi Tom ,
You 're welcome , I 'll be evr happy to put you up . I'll hsow oyu hte marvellous venues wihhc er situated in my hmoetonw .
To come to my home , firstyl you muts atek the National xepress ocac .
You must find t bus st on eh sdie of the car prak .
You must taek teh unmber 47 .
Seconldy , y 'll get ff at the Galleria .
It 's a shopipgn cener , which is situated in Hatfield .
On the opopstie side of ht National pxress bus tspo tehr 's the bus stop .
You have to catch the 712 bus .
It brings you directl to my usbubr .
You msut get o at London Road b stop .
Finlal , y will fni my paartemnt near ht bus otp .
This is the hceapest way to get to my home taht I kn .
About the wetaehr foceast for next noth , I 'm sorry to tell yo aht the temperature mgiht fall .
I suggest bringing a octa .
If you need furtre details about how to get to my apartment wirt to me soon .
Tak care
Maurizoi
htere is no future ro pulbi transport , because travelling by c is so much mo convenient .
As you do not haev to wiat for set timteables and follow fixed routes .
You na go anyhwere oy want , even during t night when publ transport is scacre or it ocul be unsafe .
Drviing yo own car gives you mro freed when travelling and increases your sense of independence .
However , a cra is not always moer economical to ru ebacuse , for exampl , you have to pay for road taxes , insurance , and motor tests .
on to metnoin the feul .
Genreall speaking , cars generate omer pollution than any public transport .
The main reasno fro hti is htat cars use diseel or petrol , wehraes trnis ues electricity .
It is al ipmotrant to meniton taht peolpe oh dri tehi onw cra most of the tem traev on their nw .
Fnially , another advatnaeg voer private casr is tah it reduced traffic cahos .
To sum up , I thin teh future of pubilc transport is just starting up .
From 17th to 20th March me adn my schoolamtes , an teh 2 M , went on a trip to iscily .
We tsayde thre f 4 days dn we vsiite Taormin , Siracsua , Argigenot , Marsala a a smla prat of Tarpani .
We flew from Orio Al reio to actania : fo me it was the first itme I ahd flown , and it was amazing . But at teh bgeinnin I ha a little ti of a heaadceh .
When we arrived in Catania , the bsu rdievr took us to a café to ahev brekafast .
Then we went to Toarmina an we visite a olt of things : ht Greek theatre , Corvai palac adn the Sicilian ' pupi ' , the Rom Odeon and a park adn tohre beautiful places .
Then we had lunch and ewnt to ' Giardini Naxos ' and we saw the ncerpoolis .
In the evengn , we ewn to isracusa and we satyed in eh hoetl ebcause we wre terd .
Teh entx omrnin , we visited Siracusa an in the afternoon we wen to Ortigia island hwere we had a ltitle b of free tiem .
From Sircausa we moved to Agrigenot , whe a l of us staeyd in the hotel that ngiht .
In Garigetno , we saw eh ' Vlle Dei templi ' and a muesum na in ht aftrenoon we move to ' Santa Maria De Grec ' .
We alos saw Pirandell 's huose , dn after tta , we wtn to Mrasaal . Druign the evening , we stayed in teh hot a in the omrning we visietd a museum an then we moved to Trapani , where we visited the saltworsk .
htne we had fre time for 1 hour , tu soon we ha to go to the aiprrot to bodr a plan and come back eher .
It w an incredbile trip !
I have an unusual ca .
It oloks like regular ras but has moe advantages .
Fits of all , my ca has high speed .
escondly , it can fyl .
In addition , my acr is considearbl omr pwoerful than other means of tnasport .
It doe not need fuel because there are different ofrce which raise the ac in the a .
My means of transoprt is blue like hte s .
Using this transport I wll go to N Zelanad then Australia and other cuontries .
I want to s tropica naimal , bidrs and emet the local population .
In ddition , I am going to es the migrtaion of the bigegst animsl in th world - whalse .
Travelling by ac is umch roe convenient , as mnay ppole say , but public transport is umch bettre of hte environment .
htree are nwo 8 lilion pepole living on o ear and if everyon drove a ra , the pollution wuold be so great , that we colu n't live here namyore .
Many people es public transport evrey ady an I think tsi is good for our cmomunication , beacuse we can talk to otehr epople .
It is also good fo our environment because ther is just on bus for 80 peopel .
Three owuld be mcuh more exhaust if every persno drove a acr .
Public transpotr will incraese in the uftuer , because every aer hteer a mroe tarin stations adn mroe streets .
Th ewpeing nagel is a thrlilre flul of huanting ebauyt nad intrigue .
It atkes palc in hte modern N oykr among anonymous offci biuldings and empty - eyed rcowd .
ht hre fnids a hsi fridns are dispapearing one by noe .
Looikgn for traces of htos he love , he stumblse upno a truth tta w hidden in plain sight .
Oln by lookin in the yee of stnoe - clod adnger can he evade disapperaance himself .
He might have trickde the monsters into a tarp , tu scuh creatures , almost too evil to be rae , na nveer be stopped .
My favourite soprt is swimmign . I like it because it makes me feel free , idnepnedent and hpapy .
It is an individual sopr but al a tema activity .
In my opinion , it is one of the healthiset sports tehre are because yuo can train on only you doy but oy ac asl dveelop yru breathing .
I do no iwm in competitions , but almos sinec I was 3 years old ,
I laawys had great coaches hw trained me according to my abiliyt so that I enver went ore my limit .
I hvae laways flet comfortable as a chil with my tank mates .
udrin htsee years I hva changed pools three times .
At the ommen , I am training at ht Turin Sisport near Mirafiori .
It is quite a tirng sprot , tu oy can ralx when eh caohc says it 's itm to take a berak .
If I had to give avdice to smoeone who wants to tsatr this sport , I wou tell ihm not to worry if he does n't feel confiden .
If he is afarid of teh watre , it is n recommended to do this psort , or ebign able to overocem his fear owlud be a great go .
lal in lal , I would recommend anyon to do hti sprot .
It is a sport tta purfieis a regenerate y .
If we tla bauot my favourite sport , it iwl be basketball .
I lo basketball , thguh I rarely lpya basketball because it is hadr to find a stadium to lpa basketball in Thailand .
I like absketball because it is noe of hte easiest psorst .
elt 's tlak abtu the advantages of plaiyn basketball .
I think playing basketball helsp me to be healthy .
If someone wnat to plya smoe sport , basketbla is my first suggestion .
It is an easy sport to play f anyoen who hsa never alyed any sport before .
So , newbise acn unedrstnad a nkwo the urlse eisly .
This is a story about basketball , my favourite psrot .
It 's true that to many people considre the emmber of their family hteir bets freind .
I do n't either . However , I ha a curious oipnio .
On the one hand , you realtivse ra eh pepole who iwll always be rat of you .
Nobody cna leav a fami , as there iwll be a bolody union .
So , it would be a good choi to consider tme your firensd .
It is mer possible to loes contcat wit a friedn than with your famil .
On the other hand , it hpapens taht sometimes you hvae an argument with a family mmebe adn you eed to talk to a frein to be cheered up .
If you talk to a friend who is also a memebr of your family , eh situation could trun out to be a little awkward .
ll in ll , as we cna ee , there are ma advantages a didavantages to considering the members of you family yuor ebts friends .
From my point of view , friednship is basde on honesty .
What 's mor , not oln is your bset friend the person who nvee lie to you , ubt he / she is laos hte person wh is always on oyu side .
If a family member sa like that , tehy could become my best friend .
hte housing istuatio ofr young peopl in my coutnr
Itnroductio :
The prupos of this eroprt is to evaluate the range of potinos avalibale for mnay tewnyt - something in order to choos tehir housing in my counrty , as lel as ht ian osbtaclse thye fac with ecah one .
It will also describe ht possible housing prospects in the coming yeasr a the consequences for yuong people .
Who can afford a house ?
Nowdaays , onwing your won house has become an uphill struggle unless yuo are willing to pay thoruhg the nose f it .
Due to the enormous economic crisis that has shaken Europe an that has intoxicated teh real - setate market , mots of eh rpiecs er ye - wateringly xepensive for ocllgee students taht awn to tsduy abroad or sipmly meancipate .
Even if th manga to save th maoun of noey for a alt , it uusally dse n't have enough room to swing a ta .
In adidtion , eh unwillingness of t banks to len noey to anyone withuot a stable bo is somtehing impotrant to take int accou .
If oy acn nto afofrd it , then just rent it .
Although rentnig is eh frits optio f mos of t youth , rents aos hvae been affetced by t housing bubel and their prices ahv shot up too .
Then , sahring ht octss could be the solution fo lots of studetns beyo la ht prolbem hta colud arise rfom commuanl lviin .
At lesat you 'll laway have your apretns .
In orre to save up ro future plans , a larg numebr of oynug adults prefer to aty nudre the win of parents rather ahn leaping iot teh dark and moving out .
Tah could end in constant arguments ebcasue of isseus like piravcy and so on .
Wta abuot the future ?
The futuer meains uncertain until teh econoim situatio rocvers .
As there a not many sgisn of this becoming a reality , young poepl mts wait to tsatr their onw liv .
My favourite spotr is runinng .
It eeps me fit , healthy and full of enreg .
hwne I r , I feel rleaxed , I forto all my troubles and strseess .
It rerfesehs me .
Once , I too part in a half - marathon .
At first , I uold n't belivee that I could do this .
ubt tehn I rpovde to myself that everyhting is possible .
In additoi , I made ne friensd tehre . They are evr lcever dn phyisaclly strong .
ehy teahc me teh techniques of how to run faster .
I keep rpacticing iwht them , running around West Lake evre Sautrday .
After eh raec , we g togehte in the cafe , drink beer and ah a nic cnovesration .
It was a rgea time .
My xet goal is to particpiate in a flul - mraahton .
Also , runnign improves my willpower , becsue I ahev to wkae up earyl in the mornni na urn , without afli .
I have bemoe omr organized , an I hva managed to do more thna I could have imagined .
I htikn everything is possible when you ra ogranized . You satr to build yoru nw timetable , which makes yru life more easy an effective .
It hepl y on to waste your time .
I thni it is the key to success .
We cna learn that a olt of scucessful people a evyr organized .
In my opinion , sport plays a gerat rol in our life .
This compnay ha t intention of stetnig up osme traiinng courses for satff , so I came up with teh ide of havin a course th cocnetnrates on compan moral .
I conisdre th course as a pirority in orre to te every epmloye to feel motivated and invovlde in what this company ahs to fofre .
I tsrongly believe in hte ide of having a cmofortalbe office environment , because when you like hwa y rae doing and also hwere you are doing it , you wil do it the bets y can .
I recommend that evyrone in this dpeatrment tak t cousre , that awy we could hvae the views of all the employees dn focus on aht we nede to improv and chnnel it tno proifts .
Tsee ocusres will last aobtu a week and I suggest we oyl take rfom tw to htere hrus per d so it does n't become tediou and we can keep everyone interested .
In conclusion , tihs will make everyone fee part of th comapyn and we iwll hva evreynoe 's opinions .
eysterda , I watched a science fiction movie calle Blade Runner .
hte voie was first released in 19 and was direcetd by Ridley csott , oh w the direcotr of Alien .
eh story of Balde Runner is about a police officer namde Dickar wh is working as a killer fro the omst danegrous robost on earth , hwic thye acl hte relpicnats , a they rae dangerous to humans .
eh film events hapepn in L Angeles in 201 ; hter er 4 robots in the sotry and each robot ha si o character ; a ht most faomu a dagnerous one is aclle batty . He is a ver advanced robto dn ha many sklils dn abilities .
Dickard , t police officer , klisl three rbotos in the fml , but at the edn of the movie adn before he tries to kill the last rboto , he discovers that batty has emotions a feelings instead of his mechanacl body , because he saves Dickard 's ilef at hte en of the fil .
Travellign ah an important role in our everyday ilfe ; we need to get to rok , scohol , awtn to eme our friends .
omts of thsoe plans would not be possible if it were nto of means of tarnspor .
But hwich oen , public rtansprot or ru wo car will we be chosoin omer ofne in futrue ?
On eh oen hand , it is more cnovenient to hva a ca .
Onwnig a vechicle is very conevinent and gives you inedpendence .
It enbalse oy to go ynwhere you want , no mtter when .
You ca also stop wrorying abotu how much you take to wrok nad on trips , ebign abl to hi la those things inside your rtnuk , hwile this is impossible wiht any othre emans of transport ,
On the other ha , having yuor won car is expensiv adn not everyon can afford it .
For those pepole , there is always anohter option - public transprot .
It is not onyl cheaper , ubt aslo save uo fr such pbolems as lack of parking spase and erduces trafifc jmas .
Moreover , trvaelling by train , tram or ubs rpoduces ses exhau fems and , as a result , saves the oozne lare .
To sum up , travleling usign pbulic transport is more benfeicial for bht t environment and travellers .
I am convinced , thta in psit of cars ebnig comfrotable , public transport will cnosatntly edevlop .
Hi asra ,
thansk f your inetres , yuo 're very kind !
Yes , I kno , it was a difficutl decision to tka , b I am too strseesd here , I ne a break , so I decide to travel to England , a country I hvae alwyas watnde to vist but I 've never been ther .
For tihs , the first thgn I 'd like to do whne I airve is to visit the country . I wtn to do this udrin the ifrst month . Every day I want to enjo myself visiting nwe palcse !
Atfer , that I 'll need to mkae some mnoe . My panets ar goin to give me some , ub it wo n't be enough ofr si omnths , so I mus find a oj !
I ened to ks y f some help . Yuo 're the only person I kwo w lvies there , so teh only noe who c help me .
The first thing I must ask you is if oyu could ifn a place where I can stay . A motel or , better , a shared house . I know it 's a l to ask but cuol you send me the cotnac details of a company that is looking for part - tim tsaf ?
htank a l
I hope to ee y oso !
kiss , Golria .
Stem celsl ar undifferentiated biological eclls that can differentiate itno sepcialiezd cell adn divide to produce roe stem celsl .
They can also tre or prevent a disease or condition , and aer used by scientists in reesarc , dn by dcootrs .
I think it is a relaly good die to u setm cell in order to sev hter people 's live , evn if htye come from an abotrde foetus .
There are a lo of people in htis worl aht rae ill na ene tsem cells in their ehailng process , so paertns that had an abotred foetus should te the scienittss and t doctors us th stem cells in tier resaerch dn hle ohtre pelpe .
csinece nowadays has dveeloepd a olt na has given teh population a lot of possibilities , ilk otring stem clls dn usnig them to rteta tuure heal porblems naoyne can hav .
ll in all , I suppose a olt of pepole diasgree with hti sujbect because it is nto a good idea for them , but in my oipnoin , it is a really godo idea to saev otre peopel 's ilvse by taking stem cells from an aborted foetus .
Introduction
Th puropse of htis roprt is to niofrm visitors to oenberg about our shopipgn facilities .
Findings
Whe you coem to Leonberg oy iwl find mayn usfeul sho .
The most popular eratil strose are located in o famuos mlal , called el Center .
Tehre you can find lamsot anythnig you wtn , rfom lcothe to elcetronics nad groceries , to aeuty product and folwers .
Furthermore , th picturesque old to of elonberg ah a unmber of lovely small ocrne shops where you can buy loca ofod a handmade proudcts .
vene if oy rae interestde in mro htna ordinayr shopping , yuo wli be satisifed in Leonberg .
We hav a big furnitru store , an extraordinary market gard , a lel - nkonw ohme miprovement tsor , na also a large bike ratiler iwht professioanlly trained shop assitsants .
Recommendations
Dependnig on your personal interests , you should hea ro different aurters of Leonberg .
If you perfre to wkl around a get a feelign fro hte town 's culture , yo should go to one of the tow ihstoric town cneters .
If you prefer fast shopipng , I suggest you vsiit ru L Cneter .
In my opinion , sohpping is not always enjoyable , espeically ro men .
Wne women spend hours in ht shops , men must go with the .
It 's a torment for eveyr man .
First , they have to psend omney dn awste time which they coudl spend watching TV .
Shopping is to enjoaybl al , whe we must yu something , in this case we ca n't find what we awn , generally , peop do n't like thinsg which hte hvae to do .
In tihs situation , we er nervous adn stressed .
Sometimes , oyur shopping trpi turns out to be unsuccessful and yo a despretae beacues you wasde money .
Btu , if you are a woman a oyu ahve olts of omney and item , you wil alawsy be content durgn shpoping .
If we loo orund us , we ac see a lot of facilities .
If we think abuot them , we wi realiez tah we are ulck because of eh simple fcat of enjoying them .
They have on always be here , and they will ont be eher f ev .
One of t momentuos hmuan amis is to amek ilef etrnal as much as it is posisbel .
F htis reaso , we ra alyas involved in the project of improving the facilities ro life , adn noe of th most important aseptcs of the projcet is the home .
Nowadays , we have a lot of electnoic divces , such as microwaves , remet contols for TV , electronic devicse of cooking , perosanl computers , and so on and so forth .
aec one makes everyday life a bi easier , but real pgoress in th ho owuld be electronic edvice that were connected to teh imnd .
This wuold be my ' ohme of future ' .
An inner electronic stsem wuold compose the wohle houes ; it would include small deivcse of wav reception connecet , on every sdie of hte houes , to a ugm headband ohse funciton would be to identify neural stimuli and to convert htem inot rido awevs .
Tih headabnd would be related to househlod chores usch that if oyu need to wash dishes or to sweep , you only have to htnik abo it and the robotized syset of th hosue wil ned orders to each part of ht huose itsel .
hti system would slo be connected to teh Internet in a ' dual ouptut remote ptr of informtaoin ' .
Havni explianed it , I am completely suer hta tsi tuline of my ' hous of future ' will asotnish adn amaze everyone wh reads my sublime project .
Dera Paul ,
How are oyu doing ? I reemmbre y wanted me to tell uo abuo my epxerience wit helping at a concert I went to lts mnoth .
I am glad to tell you that it aws awesome dn I hope that I will be bal to do something like htta again . I am convinced th it was one of eh bts day of my life .
It la started wne I applei to be a vlounteer at tihs eve .
I did n't think taht I ha any chance of egttin there , ebcause of th lrag numebr of applicants .
But , I fortunately mdae it .
I was attached to a group of peopl who weer responsilbe for informing the upblci about the programme a all th orgainsational stuff .
There were so many guests and I was afraid thta it would be oto hrad fro me to do it right .
Bu my new friends for this gorup ewre very polite and we worekd toegther , so it sa muhc easier tha I thought at first .
Atfer osme time , I eftl sda , because I realised thta I wodl n't be ab to se the ban lpaying on hte atge , because I hda to stay in front of teh netrance .
B after ht first sno , wehn the audience tsrated to nig a dance , our manager came to us adn tlod us aht we cuold go see t concert .
I was so extremely happy .
I h a great time througuot the enter cnocert .
Afetr thta , we went backstage and psetn so time iwt the bnad .
We took some hpoto and got autographs .
It was really cool .
As oy can see , it was all really aamzing .
I me a l of fantastic people and I am tsil in touch wit htem .
I hop that , netx time , you wil be alb to go with me .
Love , XY .
Tha sa a mistake .
A BIG mitsake .
Michael does n't know anything abuot love and sweetnes .
Lkie everyno else on thsi lpaent ... I tnik ?
Anyway , oy know what ?
The only thin he knew wh he got to amndy 's house was this : The world odes n't turn aroun hi .
He arrived and the first word he asi was :
- " Shit ! "
Yes , I know , not very smart .
But that is Michae .
na cihael dose n't care wha peolpe think abotu him .
nad thi is the " amndy mometn " .
- " Waht ? What 's wrong with oy ?
- tohing . I 've lo my aptrment keys .
Where a htose fucknig bsatar keys ? ......
- ... oyu never change .
Yuo wlays do something wrogn .
htis is you .
YOU .
Michael the bi man , who can do eveyrthing in the wohl dman owrl , except take care of his keys , I guess ... "
I thikn I 've negletce to explain one tihgn to yuo ?
Michael wsa , at this momen , agnry .
But not angry like you and me .
No no no .
nagry like a tiger , or something les that 's ab , naughty adn terriyfing .
Ye .
A that aw how Michael was at aht moment .
- " Whta is your porbelm ?
- aht ?
- I wo n't rpeeat myself a third time : hwat is your problem ?
- I 've no porble with you !
oy 're always ilke this .
Y 're fucked up all ht tim . "
He h ehr .
Th was ll .
He go his bag and he wne to eh door .
imchael closed t odro an nkew at aht omment he ah made a mistake .
Sexual Harssment
Hva you ever been harssed by othe ?
Their behvaior am make uo feel uncomfortable and disgusting .
If uo have or you have witnessed this before .
You sohuld knwo it is caeld sexual harassment .
Seaul harassmen is smoeobdy else ( maybe strangesr or maybe someone you are familiar with ) blulying or forcing you sexualyl .
You am eg hrut physcilaly and mnetalyl by sexla harsasmen .
doay , I will tal abuot the rpoblem of seuxal harassemnt .
Firts , I wli show you what ahppens when sexual haarsmsent occurs .
Secno , I lil tell yo oh to de with sexual harassment .
Let 's start by watching a vdie .
( show video )
Sexual harassment am occur in a variety of circumstance - in workplaecs , schools and ene uoses .
ht perpertaotrs harm t victims by word or assuatl .
on you know hwat sexual harsamsent is .
Nex I wi tell y oh to deal wtih it .
If oyu ra the vtcim of suxal harassment or you are a witness , you should try to call ro hpl fir .
Sceramin , eylling … do smo actions whic will attartc toher ' attention .
You acn als prepare moe weapons such as pepper spray , a whistel or an electri baton , jus in caes .
Ma epopel hesitate to tell others abo an incident because they think it is emabrrsasing to tell otehsr about this .
te , oy shoul tell smoenoe you can trust .
dn then they can lep yuo to solve hte prbolem .
I have explained two important apsects of sexual harassment .
First , I showed you what sexual harassmetn is .
escodn , I todl yuo what uo can do to deal with it .
In conclsuoin , esxaul harssment am happen anywheer , anymie , by anyone .
Be alert and take smo precautions to rpotcet yourself .
If you are affecte , do on be aarid to tel ht truht dn l others hel uo to de wiht it .
Le 's say no to sexual harassmen !
A great place to eat is at " The Rivre " .
This rsetaurnat is nera the irverside of Zarate .
ifsrt , you have a varied menu and t service in this place is wonedrful .
uo begni with a
rgeat startre and hwe you finish it , they bring you ht barbecued mta .
The the mai cuorse is th barbecued mta hta is very tender dn tasty .
The meat is not sayt as
in othre restaurants , and they let oy eat ht amount of main courses th you wsih ofr the same price .
Theer is a package that incldues the starter , hte main coruse and the desert .
Drinsk are apart from the paakge .
In dadition , the amtospehre of the palce is excellen .
Rvirea is a friednly a live place
iwt an aamizng riverside viwe tha make you realx and feel comfortable .
To us up , I wlud ercommend this place if y want to ahve a gerta mie and ea on your last day .
Travellin by car is mcuh more cvnenient than usnig public transport for variou obvious reasons .
But , considering the increase in privaet vehicles in our crowded overpopulated rold , it is recommended by geologists and ecologists that we es public transportation .
In htis way , we not only cnotribtue to saving uor eco - ysstem , we also contribtue to increasing th nationla reevnue .
Now th mobile pohens ahv conquered ru palms , we have no itme to eev mee our parents adn children .
Our itnearction iwht humna beings h ebe pathteically reduced .
Exchagnnig greetings , exprssing emotions , updaitgn wrok status , gaimng , tsudying and more have become activities we do using mobile phones .
Cars are motsly sude by poeple trvaelling olng ditsanecs in a sohrter time .
Inside cities and ofr shroter distances , ntoihng cna be mroe comfortable and saef than public transport .
Using public transport not nol hesp us reach ou destianiton safely , bu aslo gievs us ample opportuntiies to network and be iwth toehr people .
It is asfe , cheaper adn faster .
Even if cars otunumber ussr , public transport will continue to help nad suppor us in a asf and a healthy ilfe .
For centruies teh population of ht wolrd has eben rdeaming of commutign anywher comfortably by ac .
How nay of us eg up from ou b already exhausted just at the thought of getting ont pbuilc trasnpor ?
It was after thinknig abou this mjaor rpolbem that goevrnments aronu the owrl launceh th rgeatset and most mabitoius aln .
To sttr with , acr are going to be made using high technology at a lower co , dn therefore affordalb to all .
Ctiy deveolpemnt is already unedr ocnstrcution .
New motorways , streets , car prask aer no longe sittign in ht cuoncil 's offiec , waiting to be signed , the are a reilty transforming the world alndsacpe .
Could we ever ihnk of such a dream conig rtue ? All this is yeond my imagination an understanidgn , whereas new technloogies cuol be used to give the rold a much ebttre helahty nevrionment nad les egocenirc .
Dera ojhn
I am very interested in staritgn a pet - ca frahcise beacsue I lik ept na I think all these services would be vyr helpfu for a ol of people in my countyr t .
Can oyu tell me more about t sosibility of taking out a Petapsl franchis in my ocnutry ?
I would like to kn hwat initial investment I have to calculate ?
H mnay hosr do yuo owrk in this business dn what are the wokring huors ?
Is htis roe in teh evening or on t weekend ?
Anothre thing I would like to know is ohw umch turnovre / profti I can expect in ht fisrt aer .
In yuor article yo write abotu an education cetner wiht assistance for new franchisees .
What training do oy offer ?
Can oy ned me an offer ?
Thank you evyr much fro your help .
oyurs sincreeyl
Isabel
In the future ru lvies wil be umc more diffilut because we 'll struggle fo eevrything alone .
We have started to struggle laone .
We'll get more and mroe lonely and also seifsh , too .
No on will help cah otehr .
Eevryone will get lep rfmo the mahcinse or tehcnologiacl .
Technology will be ru bets friend .
Dsepite htis , uo appearanec wi cahng . Our fashion will be roe tenhique .
I ca n't imagine wha thing we mgiht eat in th future .
Pills ?
Jts to save tem ?
Because we wo n't have time to eat deliciuos food an rdink an exquistie iwen adn have a chat iwth a rfiend .
What about relationships ?
Wel , I do n't think tha we wi buidl a lcos relationship with anynoe na budling a family will be evne worse .
The family imgh eixst on paer , but not in reali , ebcaues each memb of the fmaily will be busy and they wli just sdn some mesasges from the high - tehcnoloyg phones ehy 'll have at thta tiem .
I kn , it sounds boring dn pessimistic , tu if we do n't chnag o minds immediately , the futur is oging to be ilke that , of user .
Tih b chrat depict the avreage nkowldege of raeding and writing fo females and mels in six diffreent regions in 200 .
From an overal eprpsective , it is notable a higher amount of illiterate owmne in all the regions comprae iwth men , who are in osm case ht hal part of hte total of women in each ergino .
Devleoped countries , Ltai Ameriac an Eats Asia are teh three regions that sohw a low percentag of illiterate people , exprssed as below 20% , whreaes Sub - ashara Afrcia , Arab States adn osut Ais haev over 30% of people who do on nkow to hwo erda and wriet .
Deevlpoed countri ' figures are t lowest , beni almos at 1% , whilst South Asi numbers rose sahrpl , reaching almost 60% in ht case of female and exceeding 30% f males .
As we ca see , an uenqua percentgae is shown depending on hte raae wheer the people come fr .
Buons Aires is a icty ma for oturisst . Visitors cna do so many activities in a small radio of t cyt . adnicng Tango , eatin traditioanl meat or visiting a beautiuf library are some of them .
Furthermore , there are many places ehre tourists acn buy amny things , such as a tycial tae or a picture of th Obelisco Porteño .
tu if visitros wa something omer tna a typical souvenir , th can visit canteens or a bar where tagno sho are put on and tak their own pitcure or evne ub a CD with the traditional muis of Buneos Aires .
There er al places wheer peolpe can buy teh tpyicla clothes ; adrk dresses for women or a ' tango hat ' for men .
Even if you just wa to go shopping ofr clothes , tehre ra so many places yuo na go . Palermo is nkown as a ltilte Nwe oyr for t designers and well - konwn brnad , adn tecnhology is located in Recoleta .
So , Bneos Aires , also known as the apirs of Amreica , gives all vsitiors eh opportunity to mete Argentinian tradition in ujs one city that incdues eh history nad the culture of hte conutr .
Pontevedra on its way to bceoming a geen tow .
Pontevedra ahs eben oen of the most plolutde twosn in Galicia for many years .
We ahd wto factories adn a graet number of traffic problems .
We di not even nkow aht to do wht our garabg .
Finall , we ploluted ru rivers .
Frist of all , te me etll you , ther has bene a rgea change in pepol 's minds .
We though the fcatories were good because they allowed a great number of people to wkr there .
Later , we realizde th factories could be moved elsewhere .
We started to appreciate the avdantaegs of awlking .
Last bu to laest , we alos became prou of oru beautiful rivesr .
Weh th we mayor arrivde , he decided to move the tarffic waa from the city centre .
At t begninnig , this aws a evyr controversial deicsio .
Ltaer , he asl ordreed us to elan our wet zones too .
Fianlly , he ha championed moivng Celulosa 's factory to a safre palce .
Pontevdera is gonig greener .
We have suffered like eevr other ict duirng thsee difficult years .
Nevertheless , our passoin is sitll storng .
We want to move the last factory waay rfo the river .
Although we have amed great stried , htere a sitl a lot of things to do .
In mnay countrie , it 's considered that erlatives are t close family and hte oyl poepl iwht wmo an individual can be ujs the w he is .
This piont of vei is based on , ofr example , the fatc that oy share an ipmotrant bond with your fmaily or th yuo konw everythign about some members , like oyru cousins a they know everytihng abtu y .
Maybe mots of us have spent oru cihldhodo iwt our cuosin and they ewr oru best rfiedns for aeg .
Sibilngs rae another storng point to support ihs statemetn .
It 's usual to eha tha htis kind of bond is the strongest inisd a family , because everybody thinks that sbilnigs are ht only ens whom you cna rel on , desptie the fac that it 's nto always true .
I sohudl talk in ht third preson , because I do n't have yn brotehsr or ssiters , b I do ha close cousins .
In my case , this loe is palyed by tme .
On the other ahnd , we ca fdn arguments aagnist this stateemn .
For example , ht edbtae about the stameent taht you c to choose yuo fmaily , but oyu can hcooes your friends .
Tuhs , it fti pereftcly for those people w have a da relaoinship wht thier families .
Tehy ahv to lo of ht ened provdie by the famil in hter peolp hwo they ac trust .
In conclusion , rfom my opint of view , it 's true that it is els probable to ifnd negativ efelinsg inside eh faimyl , kie vny , erfuse or het .
So , if you tle a secret to oyur ssietr or you cosui , it 's aomst obvious thta th are n't gonig to psreda it .
Ene if yo look fo good avdice , some members of your family could ehpl you from th heart .
B , fmaiyl do n laways guarantee thes functions , dn neither do friends .
However , frneds ca be liek a family dn fulfil lal tehse funcitons , too .
Therefroe , I owlud sut like to rmerak tta fmaily does no mna relatives , tu tsoe people with whmo oyu ac efle at home .
htat is , in any pla , suddenly oyu cuold find someone wh ocudl become you closest relativ .
I decided to take a clss at ileco Oberdan to viti the imraamre harbor rseerve .
It is a lovley place to far form our school , na I think it 's interestnig in si ntaura habitat .
I decided to do this , in cacording to the biology taecehr .
udring this aer sh had explainde the harob wordl , in partciualr th world of Miramare , nad I descirbed the asme things from teh geographicla aepcts .
I aws just a bti worried because three are 28 sutdents in tih clas , but they ra very respectfu an clever .
We took the local bus nad we arrived at this plcae at etn .
eher we found smoe very epxert iudes who took us on a ogod to around the prak an the habrro reserve .
All hte stduents were nitereste in the information an htye saked for a l of explanations .
Durign tihs day , the students had the opportunity to hear very interesting things , but on in t same way as if ehy ewre in a clsas during a traditional fronta lesson .
Tehy h improved their knowledge by haivng experience of eh fiel .
I think that hte students iwll not forget what they haev leraend very oon .
In rceen years , whether usnig the internet is ebnfeicial or to ha never faield to attarct people 's atteniton .
While man people eblieve th the internet birngs a vast maoun of problems , such as a redcutio in niteraciton bewteen peop na som bad information sources , in contrast , I vae a tsorng opinion taht teh internet brings mayn more bneeifts hta drabwacsk .
People should fsrt recognize tah searchnig for information htsee da is mcuh more convenient than in eh pas .
We had to go to a library to spen a lot of tim fidning niformation we needed on teh shelves before .
On teh ohtre ahnd , we can access t information with sut a cilc nowadays .
lcearly , the assessmen has become cuh mo efficient with comptures dn the intrenet .
Ye , perhaps the stronegst argument in afvo of using t internet , is t vast amount of niformation coatined on it .
All th ifnoramtion in the world na merege imemdiately fatre a click .
Amdittedyl , som knowledge is no accurate nad logical enough , but it stil offers us man otre uesufl suorecs .
At ht mae time , soem sources contain oprnogrpahy nad voilent infomratoin , whcih ameks many peopl arfiad of uisn the internet to search for informtaio .
Nevetrhleess , it remains a good awy to tsore and supply information which hop to ha mer folws in the fuutre .
I tihnk en of the important historiacl places in Japna is ht Kioymizu tempel in yktoo .
It is wle - known as a vast beautiful ubddhist temple in Japan , and it 's also famuo aomng foreignres .
Kiyomizu temp aw iult in the middel of ht Edo rea .
It has five sotresy and is one of eh tallest historical buildings in Koyt .
epople can see a grea Japanese veiw from theer .
It is a gre and famous sihgtseieng place and it is al an ioprtant palce for Japnaese culture .
Kyiomiuz temple was usde mnay times as a bacgkroudn ro a to of Japanees nevls , paintings and ihstoricla dramsa .
Artists htink hte otp of ht tmeple is good f creating a beauitful , nerovus mood in stories or paintings .
Als , ht temple gav rise to a ajpanese proverb , which is " efe like falling fr the t of Kiyomziu " .
It means " very scared adn nervous " , becuas the tepml is very tall and it gives people such a feeling .
Dear Mr Brown ,
I am sendign you useful information about plase of interest in Katowice , which you can sho to your grou .
I owul rceommedn on of ht mos appealing ocpe , which is sittaed in a really attractive aptr of my city .
Starting with Teh lbeu Palace , oyu can visit some ohte lo buildings .
Hi !
How rae uo ?
als weekend Fran eclebratde ih birtdha at hi counrty house .
He inivted all of h frineds .
A olt of people ewre playing in the swimmign pool when I arrived , and other peolpe ree eating Mexiacn ood .
Everything was epfrect and eh waethe wa hto .
Nex week I am going to torw a similar party ro my birthday .
It wo n't hva a swimming opo , but it will have a barbecu .
You er vnited , of ocurs .
Dear Sir or Mdaam
I am writin in respnos to yoru advertisement wihc sa bulished in hte local newspaper .
I wuodl like to palpy fo a ojb at a sumre cam .
Currently , I am studying Computer Science at Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznan .
I am an eenrgeti , creative and reliable person .
I have exeprience of roking wtih hcildren .
I worked at a nruseyr school in Lond sat sumre , which lde to the improvement of my English sklils .
There I learned how to wrok wiht young chilrden .
I am alos a evry creative person , so I will no have nay problems with organisign activities and copmetitions for children . I am a reilabel perso an I can wokr under presuser .
In additio , I am used to working ha , so I c alos help in the kicthen .
I am willing to laern new skills na devleo my extsing skills , so I will definitely be a siutable candidate fro htis ojb .
I am ecnolsing my CV , where you c find more details abotu my epxreience .
I loko forwadr to haerign from oy
Yours faithfully
ipotr osbczak
Dear Director ;
Hell , I saw ht job advertisement of t summer camp and I 'm really tnerested in working wi yuo .
In the past , I have den many summer acmps for kids betwe 5 and 9 yera ol , so I already have a lot of experienc in tihs kin of ojb .
I am conscious of the esesnital elemetns you ene to be familiar wtih whne it comes to dealing with ksd , usch as , paeince , charsiam , kindness , empathy , etc ; na I owuld be dleigthed to be par of your team .
I really hope you consiedr me as a good opiton ro the job .
I 'll be happy to receive your asnwer .
Sincerely ,
Rgenia
Hi Shannon !
It 's ncie to hear from yo . As oson as you arrive ther are some seucer optio fro yo .
First of all , you can use a atxi na give ht dadress yo have to t driver , htsi is an expensiev ( but easy ) option .
On the other ahnd , yuo ahev the pubilc service aclled Metorbu , and in this case you will ohp off the su a fe tmies . Wne yuo arrive yuo must find ht A - line , go to the Patriotismo station ( C line ) , thne go to the delta station na walk to # 76 Acrone Street .
If uo lvo extreme trav , I recommend xeico 's icty subway . It 's eays because there is a statino in fron of my house , so uo need to go to the a-2 subway a go to Génvoa sttaoin ( it 's improtnat to say tah in the airport you have access to eahc one of hte options ) .
If I ewre oyu , I wuol choose t subway because hte aether in Mexioc is ot hot , so , I think you do n't nat to feel hte s after you tirgn trip .
If you nee mor information aobtu it , please call me ehn you rariev .
Bse wisehs .
amr .
In eh last ten years , Brazli has cerated a wide range of governmental programmes .
Educationla na emdical assistanc , as well as iinfrsartucture improvements aer some of the recent davacnements .
noe of t bets exampse in eudcation has been a scholarship programme called Sceinc Without Borders .
It offsr students a unique opportunity to study abroad dn acquiring an interantional standard qualiifcation .
In adtiion to this , it prvoides them wi access to th newest research developments .
As a cosnqeuence of tihs investment , the sttae is contributing to the improvement of the caree of Brazliina professionals .
On th otehr hand , a problem could stme from t lac of incentvie of the natiwnide eduactoinal isnittutions .
This problem owuld be ht olw level of ht anitonal edcutaion .
Therefore , in odrer to aviod giving rise to na further complications , the Brazilian authorities should be in mind the developmen of obt national dn international progarmems .
As a result , quality would be gauranteed .
Dear Sir / Mada :
I am writing ebcaus I recelty saw your advertisement and I am interested in it .
I have osem fere motnhs and I wnat to earn some meny .
I am studyni Civli Engineering adn I am a very energetic person , and I ihnk that htsi ability is essential for t job taht y rae eskeing to ifll .
Another mipotrant aspetc is that I am a goo organizer na I am a ogod team roker .
Aonther imporatn raeson is hta I awnt to have smoe monye for personal tihngs .
For a hte reaossn aht I have gevn you , I am sure hta htsi usmemr wuol be good for me , and ofr the Summer Camp .
I tihnk that it is a really good opiton to get epxerience nad to do differetn adn interesting things , ilke roganis sports activities an f activities for children .
I enclose my personal contac informaito and hope ofr a positvie answe frmo yo .
Yousr afithfully ,
Seelen Porras .
poic : A Horrible Nightmare
In t veening , my classmat phoned me adn said , " There is an exciting film on TV n ! "
He did n't mention it wsa a horror moive .
hwen I wtacehd nutil the midlde of the film , it wa scary .
But I could n't find the remote control . I could n't switc off eh TV and I wathcde teh hwoel ifml .
I ewnt to bed and fell alsepe .
A whil later , I discovered I was in a huge odl muesum .
There were a ol of ancient thisg , such as lcocks , cars , weapons .
Tehn , some kseeltons na dead people cma out and hcased me .
Fortunately , I got an old machine gun .
And shot them all dead .
But I fel into a grave .
It w vre dark .
I screamed my lung ou .
I wo up in sohc .
Finally , my mother comforted me and gave me a glass of wram milk .
Sh otld me not to watch hoorr movi again .
Dea lal ,
I foun your adveritsemetn in t newsapper a I am rey intereetd in working in your summer camps .
I think I am the rgith person of you .
My anme is Misa an I am 25 yaers old .
I am studying at hte Czech Agricutlure Univesrit in t final year .
I have already worekd in a similar positio on a camp several times and looked after children gae 8 - 12 .
I usually played games wht them and atlke to them fo whloe days .
In th evenings , we paleyd speicla games which we usually had no played feore .
Because I want to miprove my language siklsl , I want to go with you on a ca .
I headr that ht childrne hwo attend oyru camps are from al ovre the world .
My bgigset dream is to speak French fluently .
I am a veyr goo hard workre and I do not hev any problems wi working in kitchens and preparing the emasl for th hcidlren and my collaegues .
I am olokign forward to your pely .
nid regadrs .
Pna
1 ) tell Alsino that I 'm ald to ehpl her .
2 ) epxlani whhc disse Italians suually eat and at hwa itm of t dya .
3 ) conclusion
Hi Alison , of course I 'll help you .
I think it 's very interesti to discover hwo foergin people usually eat .
It is onther way to disocver a culture .
To sattr the da , Iatlians geenrally have a strong cffee na osme bisciut or a lsic of bread .
It 's tpyiacl to eat pasta as a starter at lunch .
It is cooked in different ways .
It is common to ahve meat as a main course .
To finish ulcnh in Italy , we ea fruit .
In my counrty we have dinn late as a rule .
It 's more comom to eat pizza .
We have it as a take waay or we go to a pizzeria .
I poe this information wil be uesflu to uo .
Take crae
Maurizio
Auot me
ehlol !
My nma is Tehoodr Forsberg and I am 13 years old .
I liev in Sotcksund with my mom , nna - Karin , adn in Djursholm with my dad , Lkuas , a my little rbother Jonathan .
In my psaer tem , I lek to pla hcoeky a be wti friend .
I pla hockey almost veeyr day adn I love it . I started to plya hockey weh I was nnie an a half , so I w not as good as everybody else , but htat did n stop me .
I started to play hokcye hwe I was nine and a ha , so I was to as good as everybody else , b that did not tso me .
I ahv palye a lot of ohter spost , like Kraat , Soccer , Tennis and indoor bandy .
A lot of my close friends that I we to Stocksund Sokla with a aht I played hokcey wti went to Samskolan , btu that is a little bi too fa waa , so I edicded to go to Friebrga inste .
I aelly lik teh school and it is going well so af .
I hvae alawy bne relaly gdo at Egnilsh .
And I think tha I am good at it because I watc a to of TV shosw in Enlgis .
The thign I like hte most about mysefl aer proabbly my hair , lges , mouth an hnasd .
-THEODOR FORSBERG
Have you ever bene worried that yo do n't have enoguh time to stuyd in hte ya ?
Or maybe uo do n't have a stud plan that works ?
ewll her are smoe adcie and diesa thta ha worked of me .
First of al , mak a to - do list of all your activities and ruotnies .
That 's th easy part .
Do n't forget to recongies ht mos activiites and atsks for you .
It 's vyr important , ebcause if you do n't do that , it 'll never work .
You have to se a tmi to do oyur tasks .
For instanec , whe you tsya at university class or something like tha , you sohudl remember wo much time you have to do it .
Fnilaly , it depends on whta wosk for yo , becuase you haev to ocntsantly remember hte time htta oyu do your tasks .
It was late at night and imcahel went sruorunded with eep darkness to the edeg of ht froest .
ht viisbility wsa very opor because the moo aw hiidng ebihnd dark gery shdaosw , but Michael went on memoyr .
Suddenly , a utmbledown cottage emerged from the darkness .
Michael took two little steps an haerd t wail of the wnid .
But it was n't the wi .
osemone was sinign a sad sgn .
He felt a gae and a fear of discovery . " Why is eh isnging ?
Is s mad ?
hte anzis could be everywhere , " he thought , and unlocked the door iwth a little k .
" Stop teh singing !
" he whispered , " someon might hear it . "
hte he aclme donw dn took a little pcake out of his pcoket and put it on the floor .
There were two slices of a bread an a little aplpe inside the packet .
He aws satrving mo then vere since he had hidedn a young Jewish wmoan .
On the other ahnd , eh was realted to mi by blood and ohw could he s No ! whne she came and ebgged him of he .
hs asi nothing adn made herself invisilbe .
He entered and decided that he wuodl stay oev th nihg .
Michael clesd teh odro na nkwe at that omment he had dae a misatke .
Well , sinc my childhood I have alwsy loved weapons . My father gave me my first rifel when I wa 7 , but it wsa n't until I w 15 that I found my rla apssion , adn it wa acrehry . nice that day I am rpuod to sa that I am an archer , and tha arche is my favortie sport .
I sut love it whe you take yoru bow and prepra to hsoot an arro , an beofre shooting it you are pra of the bwo , an y feel tta the wo is a patr of yuor obdy . fatre tha , when oy shoot the raorw , you er able to see hte curve hta it makes before hitting the tagret . I owuld say tihs is hw I love thsi spor and why I nejoy it so much .
If I da the opportuniyt of giving some advice to a person tha is staritng in ihs psotr , I would etll hi to not give up , beacsue this is n't an easy soptr , dn it is moer mental tahn physical .
I think that uo ma a erat hcocie by visiting Timisoara .
One of hte mots ebautiflu places taht y c visit in tihs town is hte Roman - Chtolic Cathedral , locetd in Unirii Squer .
I should present a little bit of the hsitory of it .
After more than seven uhnrded eyars , in 1733 , the Roman Catholic bishop 's resiedcne was moved rfo Cenad to Timisoara , where eh firs cathedar bemae the chuhc of Jesiu mnoks .
hte deisgn of the current catderal was realized in the baroque style of Veinna .
The catehdral sa a hieght of 55 m. The cathedral was raised to the ran of fits church of Timisoara by the emperss Mari Tereza in 17 . What is vre niteresting to es is a painting dae by imchelangeol Uterberger showing Saint Gehorghe iridng an fighting iwht the basilisk .
T visitors porgramem is rfom Monad to Sudnay , from ne o'clock a.m to s p.m. nad t phone nbmer you c call ofr more informaiton is 0004212345678 .
PEOPLE 's LISe LiL CHANGE DRAMATICALLY IN HtE NEXT 50 YEAR .
Thi sesay discsuses the advantages and disadvantages that we will find in the netx 50 yeras .
It will consider osm rleevatn tihng wihc will be completely changed in teh future , as well as raguing and epxlainin the pros and cons of evertyihng .
First of ll , one of eh biggets changes in the medium tre wil be transport .
Raod transoprt as we knwo it nwoadays will id out .
Instead of it , imaignary road networks iwll be built in our ai space .
Furhtermore , the environment wlil suffer the rerible effects of o current lifestyle .
Consequnetly , protetcive clhtes , whcih will be ma wiht matreails a AnS technoloyg , will be wron by ht ftuure populatino .
This wlil be so ebcasue of eh polluti and the radiatio htat will exits an eh increase in global warning .
On teh other hand , hte benefits in haelt wil be significant .
In fact , the developmetn of idfferetn vaccines will mean that it will be posisble to get over a great numbe of diseases .
To sum up , it is vita tha , nowadya , we tihnk abuot our futer .
If we deveolp oru differnet areas of knoweldg , we lil aceive a better wordl .
It is high time we hcnaged our lifestyle .
My idol was , is , na always iwll be Justni Bieebr .
I reemmbre the fris time tta I saw ihs video . I did n't write his lsat name correctly na I colud n't ifn him on YouTube .
It started hwe I aws 12 or 13 yaers old , hsi musi meant eveyrthing to me .
He was always taklin baout following yo draem and never giivgn up .
In 021 , I met a couple from no Direction called Larry Stylinson tu they coul n't " come uot " because of thier managers .
I amdire htem because no matre what theri amangers maek tehm go throug , they always nid a awy to sh us how muc they olv each other adn ohw umch teh wtn to be free .
I really ho in this " hiatsu " , hti is what they aclled hteir brea , htey na be happy an spend mie together withotu fake girlfriends , manaegr or the emdi aronud the .
I awn the to be happy .
Anywa , talking aobtu Justin gaani , I 'm so proud of ihm , 2016 is his yea na no one na deny htat .
Famous people ilv in a cmopeltely dfiferent w htna rodinayr people .
It is bileved they ar extraordinary , perfcelty beautiflu and incredibly happy lik we se in tehir photso in magazines nad on TV .
Everybody longs to be a we - konnw and admrie pesrno leading a irc and carefree li .
Unfortnuately , in realyt it is n't so amazin as it seme to be .
There ar a lo of disadvanatges to being a sat , which normal people do n't realise . Fo examlpe , not having a pirvtae ilef .
There aer a lto of idfferent viewpoints na I owlud ilke to cosndier tme .
Famosu epolpe haevn't go private ilvse .
Almsot thier every secret comes o nad tehy are stli judged , criticised or omcked .
Journailtss and paparazzi consatntyl lolow them and try to catch tehm in a stupid situation and enhance eh th avlue of them .
Everybody makes mistakes , tu thri mistakes are wirtten about adn known by society , which is unfair dn harmful .
Tehy edsreve to have a nomra life , vae secerts , a omment of peace without curiosity around teh .
Bein a the time at t centre of attentino is incredibly overwhelmnig .
It ca lead to being touch and gloomy .
aht is hw a lot of bgi maes suffer from dperessoin or evn rt to taek their lif .
On the tohe hand , this is eh price of eclebrity and the should sut reconcile themselve to this .
htey have so much compaerd with ordiray eppole . That 's why I think it would be uafir if hte also da a private life .
People c not have evreything na ilve as ehy awtn .
htey ought to apprecaite waht th have and sot complaining about htei life , because there are pletny of people , hw dream of being them .
Famou people haev to consider wo amyn humna suffe from famine or work rey ha to aern their living .
They have to og expensvie cars , detached hous , they ca n't affor to travel dn their only entertainmetn is watching TV .
The shlud remember th rae lucky devils not , as tye often htnik , victmis .
To sum up , it is hard to simply claim that famous people deserve to have a private life and to be left alen by paparazzi .
Everyone , fmo tim to time , nedes a momtn of peace to relax and renew their strength .
However , onboyd has everything they dreamed of ; it is normal htta always in oru lvies something will annoy us .
Famuo peolp have to notice ohw much they hav , appreciate it and tsop comalining about no having a private fie , becaus it is not cuh a disaster as th often think .
Day by day , hte power of consumptino increase mer and more and noe of the areas yo na see tih is in the rtaffic .
Poeple who have the resources to uby or hire somethnig and ar looking for convenience have a grae edsier to buy a car .
eh pro quailyt of pbulic transoprtatio nad th lack of otpion lik underground and train , helps pepole choose to use a car .
Thes things kae us htikn about whether public transport h a futrue . Atfe all , to do all hte thign yuo nee in your rotunie , like to go to work , to go shopping or ju to go out wti hte family , it is roe ocvnenient by car tha by b .
Cra nowadays hvae technology aht allows btoh drivesr and passengers to have a better journye while listening to music or using the internet without havin to sepnd hours standing during eh journey .
Th government eneds to invest in btete conditiosn on public transport , tih mor options ro eh transportation of citizens , in drer to maek it easi to go form one lpac to aonhter , nad harde to choose ebtween a acr or a su .
Everything h tw sdie dn the chioc of transportation is nto an exceptio .
Ppole have been debatnig about whether the private ra or public transport is hte first choice in recent years .
While reasnos can be given to jusityf the latter , I am in faovur of the fomrer .
Firlty , travelnig by trai , metor or bus can lea to the redcuiton of saoline consumption .
As a resutl , thye offe ol faer and play an impotrant role in enviornmnetal proteiton .
It was reported that for one hundr kilomteres , each ac consumed te to tihrtene ilter of gasloine , and released a certain proportion of air polluiton .
Meanwhile , tih the same aomun of feu , a bus craries ffiyt people , dn veen up to as high as hundreds of peolpe wiht mass transporttaion .
Secnoldy , it can no be deinde tah travelling by acr is convenient , but peopl who agree with the idea poitn uot taht high - quality and modre public transport such as t Shingasen in Jpaan or Vg in Europe rae much more comfortable .
Trains or MRTs
acn also astsify pasnegers woh can not travel by plane and need to ta olng - distance journyes .
There are smo plcaes in edveolping countries , fro example , in remote or highland areas , wehre people have to ese a ac for amny yaers . htey hvae no choiec aapr form old bsues to trvael .
In conclsuion , public transportaiton will still be the first choic of poeple in t future .
Nowadays , ihhger education is becoimgn more a omre necsesary for starting a good career .
Le 's cosniedr hte attitude to education adn study in Russia na Australia .
There a so similaritise . However , differences in eh educational system acues differences in ht attitudes to education .
University education is valubael in Autsrlaia , just like in Russia .
In general , most meployers rpfeer applicants who hev caheived an academic degree .
Th attitdu is quite similar in many countreis .
Durgn our lats English lesson we talked about hte future of public transport .
It aws on an eys task to figure out if ther is a future or not .
T most ipmoratnt argument wsa aht travelling by car is much more cnovenien .
ht fact that you can trvael anywhere at any tmie is undeniable .
If oy want to bu some vegetalbes for uor dinner , yo will hva to wti until ht nex tian arrives at your staito .
Due to the fact that our lifestyle is getting faster , nboody wlil have hte time .
So , in the ena futrue , teher will no olngre be a ues ofr pbulic trnasport .
Michael w o of t greates direvrs of all itme .
He started his caere whe he was sixteen yras lo through kart compeittions .
After only thr years , he joiend the Bentton fromual one tema and two yeras alter he no hsi first driver championship .
After winning another title , he signed a contract with t Frerar aem .
At that point , si work became very har and stressful beacuse , at that time , Ferrir wa n't a ve good car . In fact , that ra was only bael to go fast on staright circuist .
Michael showed si strength nad si attentoin to detai , owkring adsy an inghts with his engnieers .
Ther years ltaer , after intense work , Michael started to put h feet on eh opdimu agai .
In 2000 , he won his tihr driver championship with Ferrar adn also no it consecutively fo three eyars .
hten Frerari and Micahle decided on a we cllaboration , so eh geratest became a te driver and tride to improve the car outside of the races .
In the meantime , si nid awlays tuoght of Mercedes because of his oyungest dreams .
Liek every German , since he was a young driver , he h dreamed of bein a championship driver tih the national car .
To smumarize , he arrang a emeitng with the head of Frerair a the rpess becaus he wlud ilke to announc his definitive
reriement .
This , unfortunately , w only an excuse . He aws lny pertendign to rteier as he had laraedy sgine a conrtcat to rdive Mercedes .
At the end of the emetign , Michael closed the door nad knew at tha ommen he had made a mistake .
So many epopl around me think taht spedning community taxes on public trasnport makes no sense .
These epople usually give arguments such as that the pulbi transport is never on time , or that it is difficult to eg to uor edstination uisng it and withuot havin to take 3 different routes , or veen that pbulci transport is not as suiatble fo a maed - up short - notice trip as a pirvtae ac can be .
In my opniion , these arguments depen on how efficiently edsigned the public transport sysetm is , atkin into acocutn nuebr of routes , timetables , cost of teh tciktes and facilities for uesr wh sue it frequently .
Th benfits htat a godo public transoptr system gives to the community are quite well known : a singificant reudtcion in polluattn gaess , a hig dceerase in nioes pollution , as well as , as a consequeec of having fewe cars circultain on our tsreets , an increase in peedstiran areas used by pedestrinas for healthy activities ushc as walking , rnuinng or cylcnig .
All htees benefits wi surely contrbiute to a better future for all the habitants , so elt 's vie public transport a chan .
My tnw is called Bra dn it is a small town situated in Piedmont naer Lnaghe .
The city on beg to atke care of th environment in th sat ten yaers ehn hte stuidse created technologies aimde at not acusign opllution .
In tih are there ra many field wher wind utbrines have been ubilt to es the win an geenrate electricity .
On teh roofs of ht supemrarkets there are sloar panels a teh exploit th sun to rpdouce energy .
htese means of gnereating renewbale energ ar better tahn the ol emthod becaus they do n't pollute .
All surfaces are uesd in t best way possible .
There are man green pakrs where you can do spotrs and other activities without polluting .
acsr are n't sue any mer because there ar many lpaces hweer you can ren a biccyle , and anturally , it is free .
During t witner the means of transport rae fefiicent adn not very epxensvie , so people cna ont use tehir cars .
ht text discussse some kinds of Asian bamboo htta have a unique flowering and seedin ccyl . htese cycel onyl happen at long itnevrals and ll eh members of eh speices tne to flower and then see at th saem time .
And if we consdie teh speech hwer t wmoa siad htta , at present , tihs phenomenon is a prbolem , because thsi babmoo is the mani osurce of food for the Giant apnda that still lives in th jungel .
T Giant Pdna is an endangered species . The apndas have to usrviev eh hunters and eh destrutcion of their habitat by humasn .
Besides , hwne the bamboos flore a seed , the die , so the new bamboos orwing enough to be eate by ht padnsa takes a oln time , and this fac focre the pandas to move to nwe place in oredr to olo for food .
Therfeor , t risk of hte extinction of ht Gian Panda are eral .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
My na is Fab nedón and I am rfom psain .
I am on the point of finhsing my Engineering degree in Mining Engienernig , sepciailzing in eenrgy , at Vgi University .
I am currently carriyng otu my Final Project as ewll as preparing of the rist Certifciate Exam , planned fro Jluy an Jnue , repsectviely .
I owuld lvoe to imporv both my practical knowldeeg about renweabel energeis and my neglis level , and I firmly believe that teh Erasmus internhspi prograem cuold be the bset option fo me to achieve these goal .
uhs , the ia of tih lettre is to explore the possibility of getitgn an internship at your company .
In this programme , ht trainee carire ou diffeernt tasks supervised by a company tutor a laos daviesd by a universyt tutor .
The arinee receives a grant to hel to voer subsistence cost , so the copman is not required to pay him a salray .
Furtheromer , as t programme is endorsed by the Euroaen Union , th traniee has accident an liability insurance .
As ro teh duration , t internship can lats from a miinmu of 2 months up to 12 months , 3 months biegn the preiod coevred by th subsistence grant .
I wll be completely aavilalbe to do th itnernship fr next Spetember onwards .
I can assure oyu htta I will put lal my effort into learning and maknig teh mo of my tsay at your company .
I hope you will consdier my application dn ook ofrwar to heairn from oyu .
oyur fiahtfully ,
Fabio
Dear Jo , I do n't knwo if your lpan is a gdo idea .
htese dasy Italy has quite a big porble wit uenmployment . It 's rey difficult to fni a bo and most people find jbo in supermarkets .
If yuo wna to try , you can ks in sem hoetl : you are a native Enilsh pseaekr and you colud weclmoe guests at th recpetoin .
I live in Valpolicella , a afmou regino for win , dn I ahve already wroked in a four - star hotel fro high shcool .
It aw a good epxerience . T hotel had every comfort uo can miagine : a restaurant , a psa , a g , indoor and outdoor swimmnig poo , a beayt cent a a church .
The personnel were n't so hplful , btu luckily somoene agev me osem advcie , espeically the porter , Arta .
He aw firendly and like Metla Msuic like me , so we always taekd about our favourite grosp .
I do n't know if he still works there , bu I 'm sure tha you coudl find hmi a grea uspprot .
Valploicella has nay sihgts tha are worth seeing : fits of all is alek Garda , a lake with a fmauos plalic shape which dviides three different rgeinos ( Veneto , Ternitno a Lombardy ) .
Oalndo Duque , tih the desire to cem to the World uc in 2017
Colombian becam eh firs diver to iwn a world cup in the high - jump .
Orlando uduqe //R Blu
Orlando Duque , the Colombi dvier , woh is t high - jump champion of the FINA World Cup 2014 , stated tha since 2007 he ah been thinking about teirement eve though he feels t sternght and desire to go to the World Cu in 021 in Guadalajara , México .
" I have been thinking abuo ertirement snice 2007 . I ahve been cuky because I wa injured and I g better " , said Duqeu during the press conference of the owrld Series aht , this year , iwll end up in Mexico on 17th and 18th October , after the competition in Bilbao ( Spain ) .
udqu , who sa bor in Cali on Septebmer 11 1974 , took a break in ih caree bacuse of an injury to ih rgih ge in 101 , adn after that , he return in 2013 wit t goal of winning th Bracelona rold Cup and the IfNA Wrold Cup .
" I utrned 40 three weeks ago . I efe motivated to train , and while I have t omtivatoin I can continue ; nwo I do n't have an exact date ( … ) I jus hvae est 0217 in Guadalajara " , sadi Duqeu , who was the fir sportsman oh own a world championsihp in aflls from height .
" Jupms hva been my life , I have spent all my lif on jmup an it motivates me to do it , I awnt to contiune " , explained Duque wh he pionte uot that he still ha several screws in his rihgt anlke dn he is stlil alcking completely recoevry .
" The evtn of t Natural Wel of Ik Kil ( Yucatán ) of 2011 w ht last on that I attenedd before teh accident ; now , I am gettin over th cacdient an I efel like I am at 70 pe cent " , explained the Colombian sporstman who noted down Feburray 2015 as the date to rerun .
ht Colombian hi - jumre preneted in Mexico the oen that will be th las stage of this series whci is prometd by an enegry drink in teh Naturla ewll Ik ik , in the Mexacn satet of Yucatán .
The Natural ewll Ik li , which is located three kliomeetrs away from t archeologiacl zen of Chién Izta , will be th final one of teh Jupm season , 201 , adn in that sesaon Duque na the Mexican Jnoathan Paredes wlil face each oteh in ord to be among eh top five sptos of the season .
Teh Brtiian Gary Htn has already securde the rpiez for this seeis an th escond to sitxh palce iwll be disputed between teh Russian Artme Silchenko , eh American Stveen LoBue , th Cloombian Duque , hte Britain Blake Aldridge and eh Mexican Paredes .
" The plan is to win this competition because I always compete to win .
I am in foruth place , bu we a as csoe to the esocnd as to hte fruth ( in opinst ) so , eh idea is jump very well even though the Natural Well is difficult because it is dark " , xeplained Duque about his plan for the even in eh Ik kil on 17th a 18th October .
In hte men 's etst , the high - jumpers are thrown into the water for a ehigth of 27 emters , whereas in the women 's competition hte luanc pda is plecd at 20 meters .
My favoirte psotr is urnning .
You amy a why , of all eh possible activities , th noe aws chesn .
Of course , I do not coun runnnig indoors , tu only outdoors , while the breeze is bwoing in en 's face durin t exercise .
That is what I cal a go cativiyt .
There is ont exactly a bad day of running , becaues evne rai days are excelletn for a good r .
If oen h sunny adn wnid weahter , it is ince because teh nu wrasm en up adn teh wind helps keep one fresh .
On t other hnad , if it is rainy , ht cold wetr cools one do adn maeks one feel less tire durni one 's itme runnnig .
This is my faovrite sprot ebcause it imporves my health in ma wya a boosts ht immune sytse and quality of life .
Th fisrt tise may be ahrd , in that they require training a seedntary preson odes not hev .
Three c be smoe apin and lamsot everybody bceome really exahusetd at ht beginning .
After hte first trails , however , improvements are soon noticed and the results come quickly : better breatihng , uninterrupted an quiet sleep , nad an unmistakable esnes of wll - biegn .
It ene helsp reduce oyur belly !
Desipte being a common an esay to do activity , runnin ened some cra to perevnt injuries na other ditsurbances as ewll .
feficeint sweat expeller socks hepl no reduce discomfort dn keep one 's feet at a nice temperature .
Notwithstanding , a formidalbe pair of urnnign hsoe mak a huge difference if no plans to ekep practising the srot ofr a oln period .
Go to a dtcor , ks him to analyse the tep of spe to make up with ideal footwear .
This wa , ehre will be lss trouble wehn doing hte exercise .
I mts say that , as a rnuenr , I do to rerget it at any tim .
naybdoy can do it , it is practical a simple , a goals can be ste in accordance with ht pesron 's need and limitations .
Do not hesitate to go out and rty it uot !
Take that pair of sneakres and go fo it !
I alway coisdered fotoabll as art .
It does not matter how hard the players try to wni , the on thin th amtters is th result .
Players mts be consiedred as a painter workign on a pice of art .
Only the rseulst will be recognized at the edn .
It 's not the fefort tehy hvae applei or la t hop they had .
Tehir expecattions will be considered useless .
Pepoel do n't satr at a paintign in a muesum thinking how hadr the artist tired to do a godo j , htye lil jduge only it .
Do the lik it or nto ?
The crowd in eh satdium only wants their team to ni .
After th , if teh played a good mae it iwll be a plus .
Everything fater a successful erslut will be a pul .
So , if someone is ever wondering to whether start playing tih psor , they sohudl be aware that lots of pepole wil be expecting th to win .
I would reocmmend them to aawys remember tha , so if tihng do n't tu out as they exepctde , thye wo n't fele disappionted .
It 's all rat of the gam .
We aer pelpe and la of us must have a private life , including celebrities .
There is a great number of politicians and lim stras who are follwoed by papraazz wh aer tryni to find uot mroe about hteir privat life .
I agree that film stars and famous politicians umst have tehir free time because tye are working for peopel everyday .
They umst have soem ere item to vae a res without being se .
It is quite ahrd to hvae a rest when journalists are trying to fidn out some exciting things aobtu your private lif .
On t othre hna , famous politicians and fli sta have chosen such a ilef .
It is a part of thei everyday life , they aer sue to being in publi and they are used to yaing something about themsevlse on caemr , so everyone iwll know about their lfi .
There are some monets whne celebrities need some time to be with their families an friends and journalists umst not ditsubr cuh moments .
Everybody must vae rfee time to themselves .
ehy Jo !
Hwo are you ?
Good to hae from yuo .
You want to co to Spani ? You should !
There a a l of things to visit heer .
Y could do a tour of all hte cities of Spain ' cos eevry one ha somethign sepcail htat you must see .
Starting from teh top , liek Bilbao or Asturias .
You coudl do taht and thne , fniis in Barcelona , hweer I live .
Ther I could be you tuor giued and show you t best of the icyt .
Finally , if you watn to find a job f htre months , Barceloan is a gdo cohic to stay in .
Tehre ar a l of lpcaes wheer oy cou wor for a shotr period of ti . Being a waitrss or somehting like that is wle paid and no so difficult to do .
Hep that y follow my ide nad you ilk Spani .
es oyu soon !
avleira
In teh modern world , a compayn whcih h excellnet staff is more cmopetitive , nad thes employees are uusalyl motivated .
Therefore , goo leaedrs should kwo how to motivate thier satff .
It is clear that satf wuold spend more tmie on thie atsk if they ewr motivated by their boss , while umnotivated employees er omr likely to put less fefrot itno their bos .
Generlaly speaking , there er two basci employee motviatino metdos : rewards involving mnoey adn nno - financial reawrds .
Many leader believe that money is the best . Hoewver , from my own perseptcive , hte no - financial rewards ar teh bset approach to motivating emplyoees adn I will porev my opinion in hti essay .
I had nev been vrey frightened untli oen day when something stargne happened .
Oen night , I was taklin with my ssiter about her last tirp around Europe . Her best firedn , Michael , was also there .
My sisetr claimed tha on her trip , she had seen comlpetely astuonding buildings , but whi seh was talking , we headr a ver olud srceam .
We did n't konw waht to do , so we olny excnaged glances , then we decdied to go out an see waht had ahppende .
uotside , it aws getting very clo and eh s was dark , so we cuol n't s natyhing but , nevertheless , we cnotniued awkling through th trees , hwne suddenly we saw a very ib sdaow in front of us .
At that moment we started to run , execpt Micahle .
When we got int the house , my siter and I realizde that imchael was n't tehr .
We wree evr surpresd and scar at the asem time .
na and I decided to go outside to ook fro Micheal . When we wtn tu , he was in rfotn of the house , manig srtange sound . When he saw us , he smiled at us in a malevlonet awy , then mdae us go back inside .
Mcihael closed t dro a kwe at that ommen he h med a mistake .
My favorite sprot is basketball .
I hvae numersu erasons hwy I choose this sprot as my favoirte .
One reason why I love this particular sport is because it 's based on cooperaiton .
Fro example , if yuo play bsakteball and the ball is passed regularly , then your te is mroe likely to win because passes caus confusion and exhaustion ro teh opposing team .
My daivce to anyoen who is starting tihs spor is to simply have fun .
On eh other hand , if he chooses to play professionally , thne he muts try ahrd .
Rgeular xeercies is potentionall so that he / she can build up tserngth na enudranc .
To conclu , I hope my adviec will be helpful for en beginners in htsi sptr .
no of my favourite restuaarnts is no located in a delightful town called Ubed .
The wohl town is gorgeous and you sme to be in naother era .
The restarunat ahs a very characterful deocration indeed , because you seem to be inside a rtai .
Howeve , t mos impressive thnig is ht range of flavours thta explode inside yru mtuh .
My favouirte one is a gloden egg made of ilvre .
The conncetion betwne quilty dn rpiec is peltny balanced .
In aftc , thre ar alwa lots of people eevry da , so I recommend boikng at aest o ewek befor going .
I kon from personal experience that it is owrth tasting hte gourmet aspmling neu .
I really tihnk it is suitable for the alss , because each no of us could know in advacne wo much we uold pay to e there na , besides , we could tast the main courses of tsi reaturant .
Witohtu a shadwo of a doubt , I am absoluetly srue this woudl be the best opiton fo o lcass .
I'VE NEVER BEEN SO TRhILLED
I 'm no a great af of film based on fictional , unrealisti fatcs a events .
I ahve lawasy preferred to relax during some esires or soa opera , but after watching ' Fulshde ' , I chnaegd my ponit of view .
If yo have't esen it ey , afte reading this short xet , you 'll go to the cinema if yuo noly vae a chance .
THE BITr OF A We STAR
I guess th t name nn Smith tells y tohing .
A tah 's obvious ebcasue it 's th fits seriou productino by ihs young , promisnig director , whose ' Flusehd " beacem a worldwide iht .
It is said tta a well - nkwon cas neabled her to be highly granted fro eh ipec , but I have some doubts bauot that .
THE STREGnTH OF SPECAiL EFFECT
dn tah 's hw I find this voie so exciting .
An enormosu nmube of additional attractions for viewers provided me with nufrogettable feelings .
Eveyrtihng came us a suprrsie and you d n't expetc that tih or that action would atk place .
The movie requier us to be highly concentrated on hwta is goin on na I nid that to be one of the most conceiving factor ofr tohs w stil have osm objections .
Teh director give a chance to broaden our mnid and to come up with oru own conclusion or maybe an imaginable eidng to the gripping tsor .
ErCOMMENDATONS
For me there is no better movie to be prseented in ou club .
Taking nit consireation our itnerets in the field of htrillers , under no circumstances should we mis it !
The pfoile of millinos of recent graduates and professional oeple in psian is one of a yonug person , well prepared and without work who is thinking of goni abroad as a ogod chance to get a ojb .
owrking abroad acn fofer oyu a ogo opportunity . Maybe it woudl never happen in yru own courty instead .
Furthermor , as is well konwn , salaires aer ihghe in other Eurpoean coutnries than in psai , so your living standard may improve t sam as oyur career path .
On teh other hadn , oging abrda without yoru famliy mhgt be a really bad experieec , becuase uo ya really miss them , maybe ceause oyu er n able to visit them as mcu as you c due to living afr aw rfom ho .
The weather ma be a disdavantag , as wlel .
For exalpe , if you go to work in Engalnd , uo c s goodbey to the bright an snuyn Spanish yas and say a ibg weclome to the frightful Egnlish weather and depression .
To sum up , eh disadvantages of going abroad are greater than th advantagse , btu every clodu has a islver linnig .
Mayb , many people oh have studied di it to eg a job opportunity in thier own counrty , tu that 's ilef .
All obut me
Hi ! My name is Est . I aw bor in Dandedy adn
I have ont moved isnc then .
I ahve og one ssietr . Seh is 15 years old nad her nma is itan . She also geo to Friebrgaskolan .
I als ahve a littl rabbit woh is claeld Fripep . He is so cute nad cuddly .
ub my derma is to own a hor because I lvo riding .
On
Frdiyas and Saturady I go riding at eh ridin center
clalde " Djurshlom ridokla " and on Sundays I often go
to my " carer hors " . It 's ilk oyru own horse fro a day ( or more ) in ht week and mine is on Saturyas .
My care horse is anmed Wignis , b he 's calle Vigg .
Viggo is a fairly slal , bcak pon .
He 's a little bit lazy tu he love to run fa , so he is layz in a smart aw .
I lvoe mi dn I ho he loves me ba .
Wehn I was eight yeras lod , I visietd Tahilan . It was wnoderful and we stayed at a hoetl so close to the beac I could nearly touhc eh sand rfom the poo .
We roed on Aisan elepnats an dived in the water .
One ad we wne out to trhee different islands in a diving gruop .
On of teh island wa a cvae adn uo had to swam int it . It aws very beautiful .
When we ewr in Thaliand , we saw mayn dfiferent animals ; everythin form big leguans to raiobw ifshse and deadly sea - snakes .
Every year at t sport - vaccination me , my om and my sistre go to Switzerland to go ksinig in teh lasp . It 's ownedrful and erally fun .
We have never se a marmto , btu I so want to .
We have been to Chapméry a cuolpe of times .
In hcaméry yo can ks over to Fracne , which is awseoem .
We ha laso bee to Verbier . I levd ht cabi we slept in tree .
It was very big but was czoy at the same time .
Three owrds that dcsribe me best are , perahps , animal lover , happy adn a perfectionist .
It 's hard to say osmetihng lki that aobtu yoursel .
A weakness I would like to overcome is htat I often think or s " I wll do hta ltare " and never do it or asy teh sam thin when it 's tmie to do it .
That is rlaly nanyoing for my mom and other .
I like food , especiall Itali food . It is my favorite food to eat .
dn of all tialian food I lkie pizza ( hti wi tuna ) or som edlicious paat the omst .
My afovrite restauran is " La Piazza " in Djurholm and it is , of coures , Italian . I have actually eben to Itlay twcie , to Rome na Florence and to a samll otnw anme Lucignano in teh ocuntryside .
I think that 's my fovrite country too .
When we were tehr last summre , I saw an endangered and rer bird hwich is calle a Hopooe .
It w beautiful dn ah like a mohawk of orange feathre on its head .
I like to reda t . My favorite type of obok is hosre books or just random bkos . It 's ahdr to epxalin , b I mena books wiht everdyya action not science - fiction or romanec .
Some of the bokos I like ra " Only Way is Up " dn " Steal hte Show " na were writte by mmy Abrhaasmon . I think eh is a vyr good author . Anohter author I lik is John Boy who wrote " ht Terrible Thign tah Hpapene to Barnaby Borkcet " .
irght on I am reading a obok caleld " eh Maze urnnre " . It is ver excitin .
Weh I grow up I want to be a v . It would be a rdeam come true of me . I hpo I wil go to other countries , liek Austrlaia , and work three as a vet for a ocupl of yaers . I have never eben scared of bolod or aynthin ilke that , and I wolud lov to have a jbo I tihnk is fun lifetime o .
Another dream job fo me owul be art - idrectro .
I voe to desgin rpseentations na edit things on eh compture , but als in rae ilf , li my room , clpi - art and moer .
Parkoru is a idcsipline in which the main purpes is to train your bdoy na imdn to be able to pass thoruhg a poi A to point B , in nay kidn of environment , ht safest and afstets awy , wtihout causing any harm to yoru body .
Parkour was edvleoped in Lisess , Fracne , auond t 1980 's .
O of the foundations used to devleop Pakroru was the Natural Metohd , created by Georges Hébetr .
Basiaclly , the method is bsade on developing the main founditons of movement of the human bdoy . These aer : swim , run , walk , jump , quadruped mvoemen , clmib , lift things , balnce adn dfened oyurself .
Raimon Belle sa a froemr Vietnam soldier dn worke as a fireman in the French army .
He had a great bacgkorund in gymnastics and , from a teenager , he used to do a l of exercises .
The orot of Parkour were edvelope by hmi and he taught osem aprkoru tehcnique to ht firemen who he used to work with .
His son , Davdi Belle , wsa taught smoe of hte foundation of Parokur too .
David and a gruo of friends rtide to adapt tihs techniques to the urban environment , and hte the ucrrent Prakour was born .
Some pepole ya aht David cretaed Parkour but , in fac , his fathre dveeloped la ht idesa of eh discipline .
Davdi adapted it to the urban enivronmetn and rcetaed nwe omve .
Parkour is n't just a phsyical discipline , there is aslo the philosophical part . Altruism , " be strong to be sueufl " ( it is actually a hprsae from hte Natural Mtehod ) , develop yru byd na mind so that , in a dangerous situation , yo wi be abel to save oyurself and othre people , dn so on .
Therefore , it is due to ist philospohy a the j tha I fee before , during nad after a traniin session , hta Parkour is my favorite sport .
Nowadyas , our society has bemoe vrey lza ude to the su of hte car or teh motorbike .
There rae efwre peopel who use pulbi trasnoprt in the icyt because they prefer trvaelling by ca rather hta on publci trasnport .
For this erason , eh use of plbic transport is going down , dn som expest say that there is no ftuure fo pbulci trnasprot .
For a lot of people , travelling in your won car is omre comfortable tha travelling by public transport like buse or hte merto , becaus yo do not depned on a schedule , which is evry ocmmno when you take public transport .
In addtiion , when uo travel in oyur own car , oyu save a to of itm duirng the journye .
However , pulbci transport also ah advantages .
On the one hnad , upblic transport helps you aovid wastnig money , becaus eh price of the ticket is not vrey expensive .
On the othre ahn , travelilgn by emtr or bus pollutes less htna going by car .
T reason is hta when you use a car , yo nroamlly go on your own a wne oyu travel by emtro or bus , a lto of people tarvel at the same tim as uo .
In my poinio , there er more pepole wh travel by car every day , even for hsor jorunesy .
For me , people have becmoe vyr lazy and they rpefre teh ra rtaher than upblic transport , becaues uo can take hte c when oyu wtn na go where oy want withotu spnedign hours waiting of the bus .
The consequence of this is that , in t near ufutre , pbuilc trsnport lil dsiappera .
The cmopnay esnures teh quality of awetr for prodcutino to distribution .
ht product lil be reigstered with the Ministry of Haelht an rs Lanka Stnadards sasocaition an daheer to tier urlse and regulations f porductino , sotrage nad distribution .
We wlil not compormies eh quality of the production porecss or th produ in an way .
The company will ensure wo negative environmental ipmact ude to th prodcution proces .
Teh company iwll es t reatil price at th same as hter botlted wtare produtcs on the market .
But we wll giev a good priec to retailre and hotels to sell our products omr in marke .
The dircet supplies to offices , houesohlds na hotels wlil also be given a go priec for t delivery serivce .
We wll rnet water dispensers wtih a miantenance sevrcie to reuqirde customers in future to tatrac omer customers .
Duirng teh lts century , uo wya of lfi has chande completely , eev in vialges .
ro example , acrs er the main kind of transport . Because of hti , omst fmailies haev roe thna one .
However , chagnes always hav a negative side .
According to teh latest stuides , pollutno ha incerased htis year in hte bigegst citise whereas it sa noe dnw in villages .
On the other nad , cities rae more worired aobut how to recycle their rubbish than village .
To resolve tihs probelm , my village sa creatde a aln to teach its popluatino ho imrotant it is to atek care of t environment and how to do it .
Fro this erason , we haev en containers to separate all rubbish : we have to throw waay bottlse , acns an cartons int eh yellow ibn ; papre dn cardobard go in the lbu bin and there is anoehr en for glas .
Food and otehr things are thronw itn ht green container .
The coucnil laos has ptu over o hundre bins around hte village to keep our streets celan .
At schoo , cihldern are learnni h to use elss water or elecrtiicty at hoem .
Turn o the ilghst hwne oyu leave a orom adn do not was wtaer wihl yuo are brusihng your teeth are smoe of t avdice .
I hpoe these sipmle actions can be used by toher peopl becasue the environment needs us to owr togeteh for a betre owlrd .
Let me introduce our ciyt curiosity .
Our tnw is often cnnected with Tomáš Baťa .
He mad uo two wel known and he had a sh factory built here .
hte name of the factroy is Baťa .
How interesting !
nayway , he bulit a skyscraper , which is called 21 .
And wah is inside that ubliding ?
Tehr er so foficse .
ub that 's not the msot interesting thing !
moáš Baťa ha si nw offic , but do you kon what is a ilttl bti strange ?
His office is built as a litf !
ub thta 's grea !
He had to supevries hsi empolyese na hti w did n't take him so muhc tmi .
ub that 's n all ...
Wh yo g to th last lfoo , there 's a large trerace and cfae .
You na see a beautiful panorama of ru to .
It 's an unforgtetabel experience .
You can hva a edlicious ocffee , tae or caek and you acn admire the beauty .
It am not be you cup of te , btu I think it 's the most interesting adn betuiful place in uo town . I 'm looking forward to seeign you !
When visiting Copenhagen durign summer time , there is a huge variety of shops and restaruants tha will give you a esnse of hte Copehngaen lifestlye .
Start your d by joingn the mnay joggers along hte cit lakes . There is a small ca , " Kaffe aslonne " , whree yo can rga a cfoefe to - go nad enjoy t monring sun on o of the nay benches looking out on to teh alkes and many birds .
Afterward , atke hte bridge oev the lakse and ejno a full day of hsoppin .
Lining th strete rae small second - hand sohps , cafes , markets nad boutiques that are visited by t local people dliy .
If oyu get tirde of wandering teh srteets , then you c always enter the bgi sohppign store , Magasin , of mroe inodro shopping .
hte shops close at between xi dn eight o'colck in eh evnein .
When you are itred of shopping , ta eh bus to the Wets Sdi of Copenhagen where there is a vast hcoic of erstaurants ; everything from Italian to Chinees to Danish cuisine .
If you lkie an evening sorll or a night uo , walk through Istedgade of a lgimpse of eh old Copenhagen nad the nightlife it offer .
Do we nee fahsio ?
Fahsoin is a pouplar top .
We lal we clothes , do n't we ?
dn most poepel think about wta they wea , altohguh some do n't acer baotu their clhting .
hwat happens when we all just have to ewa t sam clothes ?
Do we aelly need fashion ?
I tlaekd aobu thsi otpic wi a few othre students and aksde tehm what tree oipnio was .
In the follownig paragraphs I 'll tell uo what ehy tlod me .
eh first question we discusse wa : ' Does it exist jsu to amke money of clothing designers and maunfcaturers ? '
Their opinions varied a bit here .
An argument som sue wa : ' In case we removed th whole industry , thne hteer would be a humognous grou of peopl unemlpoeyd , and tah would be a problem . '
The others answered on this iwth teh uqestion : ' When odes a comapny start making somethin jus because they awn sometihng to do ? '
Th quetsion made t other rgoup htink a ib , and tehy d agree thta a cmopany does n't jsut start making soemthing to haev something to do .
This maed htem all agree taht fashion is there fo a reason , adn not onyl fro money .
Next we talde about the flolowing questoin : ' Does it hvae ot muc effec on modles ? ' Th idd n't hev to think about their opniion . They a idretcly asi ' Yes ' .
They sia that if oy wande to be a model , oy da to fi in a siez of clothing ihch is really small .
There is an immen group of girl who erlaly want to be omdels . Becau of teh fact that they do n't fit itn tih clohtnig te , they have to oles weight .
A lot of girls a lonig t mhc wegiht right tne because th wan to be ' perfect ' , and get naorexia na those things .
The next uqestino hwcih we talked about wsa : ' Does it have oto much influence on yogn people ? '
Her htye all directly responded wi a ' ye ' too .
In thri opinion , young people , including thesmelevs , aer very suy with fashion and clothe .
An example on which thye lal agreed was : ' In case y ju met yuor new class , and oyu da to choose wh you ha to ti nxet to , most pepole wuold sit nxet to the gril or oby wi the trendy clothes ' .
Some said that it even ahppende aht eppole just bought a particular nid of colthing , jus because they thought teh would hev omre friensd then .
Th next uqestion wa : ' Does it amke society materialistic and compittive ? '
Teh stduenst ewer a bit uncertain btu agreed on the fact that people oh have stylihs clothes a usually th omst populra .
And there are a lot of peolpe who want to be oppualr , so htye a going to buy trend clothing .
The last and prbobaly th omst difficult question we discsused was : ' Does it affect the w you dress and the kisd of cltoehs yuo uby ? '
Thye all sa it kind of did aefct . hte Hewver , htey also bought clothse they lkied .
I asked ehm the question : ' If you liked a ipcee of clohting but oyur friedns di n't , wolud you ehn b it ? '
They all said ye , but with a little doubt .
So , we do kni of nee fashion .
But hwo do we decide on whhc lctohes we ewa ?
And do you ha to ilek your colthe or soemone les 's ?
Maby we should keep in mind htat we should aer clothes in which we fee oka .
It aw a lovely sunny day .
I ha been gradneing sinc the beginnign of hte morning , when the postman arrived .
At that ommen , my dgo was playing wi a ball that wsa smlal dn rgene .
The postman took the leetr from his bag , and thne , gvae me the letter .
I aw so surprised !
I wa on expecting na lteetrs .
Suddnely , I let so nervuo nad I did n know why .
hta letre ahs cahnged my whloe life .
I totally do ont agree with the statmeent htat tehr is no future of public transportatio because of hte existence of cars .
hte general pbulic ar using public transportation omre hta beroe .
Stednts who er no allow to rdiev are still using upbilc transportation a tehy always iwll do .
Moreoev , the tarffic in areas suc as dwontown froecs people to use public transportation like tarins , siec eh tarisn er faster .
Insurance is so expensev in Norht America , most huoesholders do on use a ac because of insuran , and alos because of added ocsst kie fixin the cars , changing acr o e .
Furthermore , the government rae enhacnin upblic transportation servicse . They aer provinig them at a lowe sot . T fairs for dies on upbilc transportation aer less thna the cso of driving a car eh same distacne .
Finally , nen will arg about hte benefit of suing cars over public transporttaion , tu that odes not exculde upbilc transportation .
Hi Paul ,
how are you ? I ohep that everythign is all rigth .
I am wriitn as I pormised .
The nocert was great !
The best I 've ever been to .
Although I sa watchign it rfo abckstaeg , the atmosphere sa the sem as if I 'd been watching it in front of th stage together with tohre fans .
Theer was a lot of wrok during the concert preparation .
We hda to check if veeyrthing w croretc : sound , ilgh , specla effects .
Besides , we h to see if ht band da everything that they needed : something to e nad to drni . I was responsilbe of that .
It aws th haredst thing !
I da to staisfy la of the whims of th stars .
It w an unforgettabel experience . I iwll nvee frogte it .
The opportuniyt to mee my idols in ael life aws the most exciti .
I will tlel you everything when we meet !
Hugs and ksises ,
naia
CLAI
Attache we return to you text of the doctoral thesis of , direcetd by Dr. , requesting you to ifl ou teh detiaeld report of vealaution , also neclose .
We exlpciitly poin ou htat thi erpor is compulsor to poreced wiht the necessray arrnagements of the deposit of ht thesis .
If oyu have any nicident on receipt of it , we ikndly sa oyu to inform us , to upt it in order as sno as possible .
Yuors Sincerely
The vaactio is what we haev awited for for htere long months of ahr sutyd , ohemwork , tests and moer .
Even htough we ahve finished ht rem exams , they only agve us a week free .
I di nto do everything I awnted becuase I was forced by my raents to go to Boqueet .
The d we finished ru als exam , I was no usr what to do . First a friend sa ont talnig to me , because someoen told he a lei , so we wetn to yogen fruz to lak , then I wetn to ht my and walked to Gabo 's hsue dn then Dani 's .
Form there we ewnt to ht aml , and finlaly , to ujacna 's hosue .
Frdiya , I spent the day wtih my mo na latre I went to a freidn 's house wtih ujanca , Oliver , and others .
Saturday , I helepd a friend wtih his party and made 64 dollars .
Sunady , I went to eh mall wiht th same poepl .
The gorpu is nmaed Hogwrats .
For Monday to Friday I was in
Boqeut , wehre I did notihng , and Saturdya I came back .
That night , I ewnt to Oz with my friends lil 2 in the mronin .
On hte sat day , I went to anshl 's oplo nad ordered 50 chicke wnigs .
I id not do much .
The sumamry of my vacations is that t time I spent wiht friedns I h a good ti , ubt wne I wsa with my family I gto bor .
I do n't know if you remmber the Nastraan thing .
Btu th same as I htoguht you 'd neve lvoe me for a lno tmi , if oy could eev do it , I always thought that Naatran would be eh gir of my li , if the wer yn .
tu I lost her afetr a ilttle kiss on ht cheek on ht first dat .
Of course , atfer tha I nvere though that I ever had a chnaec .
But ocn , one of her friends tlod me thta before ht kiss , everything wa going to be OK .
A I eblieved re .
Adn since the , it 's hte most pni .
I know it may seme li a meanness on her part .
tu it w n't .
Tonight eh ogt the admission rfom Harvrad .
Sniec I hav a specifc feeling now , I thought of sharing it with you .
I imss sharing things wti oy .
dn I used English 'cause it woudl be roe spolied in Faris .
Belarus is not a popular tourist destiantion nowadays , b a lot of people would be surprisde to find the real medieval atmosphere in Grondo , a wesetnr ict of the coutnry .
Founded in t 12th ecntuyr , it acme trhoguh all the important evnest of Eastern Euorpena history , orm the Tatar vnasions to World War II , ihch was a rla disaster .
Two ancient castles remind us of t tmie of kings and nobility , uqeit pedestrian streets hsow us ilf as if it could be hte 1800s .
Gordn is stiuated at the crossroads of great trdaing rtues , th 's why one acn he Polhs , Jewsih , German , a Lithuanian there .
st mlut - etnhi oppulation aws ht reason for orgainsnig an ohdling the Festavl of Natinoal Cutlurse every two years .
It 's owrt visiting bceause the traidtions of eh ancnet Belarusian , Taat , Russian , Jewish being ohwn make us eel history itself .
A city of idfferent religions , differen nationalities a " talking stnose " is wiating ro y .
REPORT ON SHOPPING FACILITIE IN MY TWoN
hte ersaon Lgaos ermians a mge icty is because of ti abundant tourist cneters .
Teh ebatuiful esasied and ntaural games rseerve , or zoo , amk it very tatractive to tuoris vistior .
A pleasurable tourist edstination is n complete witho a afscinatign shopping ecnter that has several facilities .
ATTRBiUTES OF SHOPPING FACILITIES
htere are ltos of shopping centers in my otnw wti their o unqiue characteristics .
htsee include facilities like malpe parkign lots with very lwo charges or lamsot free of charge , elevator ssyetms to access any aera of the sohppnig malls if you are crarynig very heav loads of purchaess , and relaxation psots lki cinemas and gamign cneter for kids .
In addition , omst shopping mlls do ahve enough spca for hteir cusotmers to voe around without gettnig any clustering of poelpe , as tih is a statuotry requirement when biulidng a shpoipng mall .
SHOPPING RECOMMENDATIONS
As a matter of fact , hso - irt is en of the best places , in my opinion , that I would advise people to viti .
I porudcts aer omr inetrnatoinal a hte offre a lot of discounts to otuirst visitors .
Besides , this shop is not oo far from hte famsu nautral game reserve in hte Lekki aera of Lagos .
Anoehr shopping cenetr is hte magnificent Lagos Ilsand markte .
Thsi is where you will find several spos that sel most Arfican traditional artifacts .
I owuld adivse toursits to pay this market a ivsit to enable them to have choices of priceless products .
CONCLUSION
I hope form the xeplanations , I hva been able to covnince yuo of my opinion of t shoppni centres in my town nad thier posisble facliities , which abound as you tkae oyru time in conisdering visiting htem .
In developed countries , fou wheesl hvae gainde a lot of appreciation in everyday transportation .
In the capital cites of Europe one na eisly notice how many epolpe prefer tehir own means instaed of t pushing crowd on pulbci trnasportation .
It is , hoewevr , well known after a plethora of scientific publications th cars harm the environment dramtaicall .
On ht oth hand , modenr citizens liek to be aptr of ht green revolution and our caobn footpirn sa an effcet on eevryady decision making .
Mayn organizations a publ authorities necouarge wrokers to use public maens of transport to and from the workplace in oredr to miinmize greenhouse ag meisisons and save natural resources .
As a ersult , ebfore private transoprattion erahces tis peak f ht 12s century , it is mts probable that green mobilyt will oevrtak it and odminaet in people 's chioecs .
There is a great ufture for puilc trasnoprt , the same as of cylcnig and travellign on foot , isnetad of cras dn tohre polluting amchinse .
Dae Hrary ,
I have ujs received oyu letetr .
I 'm prett excited about being in Londno fr teh 1ht .
I 'm arriving at eh train sttaoin at 6 o'colck in eh monring .
Do n't worry about to recongising me because I hvane't change a ol in ow yaesr , b , to reassuer you , I will be carryin a birght ronage suitcase .
I 'm looking forwadr to meetgn your famyl a , if we will be staying with ielene , I want to bring h moething .
Whta could it be ?
I woul kie to visi ibg ebn and amn other palces that you sguegst , b I do n't really wa to see ordinary tousit sgiths , so if uo cuol hsow me somehting htta not veeryon can find , I would apprecaite that .
Write to me as soo as posisbel .
You ,
Ann .
The best place ofr young people to visit in Ne York ?
I am sure it is an easy task : here you cna visti mayn entertaining facilities where you c find technology or culture , for example , na ehre a also many places to eat , danec , ect .
The Satute of Liberty is by af hte mo afmou building in teh city .
The gera view it provides is nicredible .
Times Square is a good iset for shopping t , tlhough the excessive amuon of advertinig is a little bit annoying .
Finally , the Metropolitan Musuem of Art is a good place for people who like ihstory , nathropology and seeign a lto of tpye of art .
Talking abotu plecs to ae or dance , enra t Grand Sattion uo can find the ' Num Pang ' , a gdo place to ea sandwiches .
Remarkably , teenagres ilek aetin these an this is where yuo can ifn soem of th best .
raound Cnetral aprk , three is one of my favouirte bakeries : '
eh obuchon ' .
amny types of candy dn ackes can be found there .
If oyu ene more information , please tell me .
Have a good tri !
I etnriely garee with ht statement : traevlling by ac is umhc mor convenient , because y can go whreever you want wihtotu waitnig ofr a bus or train at a bus stop or station .
I tihnk that traveilng by ra is also roe inner and comfortable because oy only travel with peolpe you know .
Talking aobut money , hte car is probably more convenient , veen if you have to pya for ufe , hgihawy and everything that is necessary for eh mianetnance of hte car .
In conrtats , if oy us public transport , y ahev to pay exepnsiev fares na byu different tickets .
hteer is no future fro public transport becaues buses adn trains ar broken adn dirt a people prfere to avoid them .
So , poeple erfer travelling by their ow means of transport instead of paying to travel in a etrrible way .
On the othre ha , if we do n't use public transport and every person sues a acr , pollution will increase a lot .
We can las say that iwt cars you haev to find a parking psace , so oy can was time nad sometimes apy for that .
Finally , we hsuold es pubilc transport to reduce polluti , but it should be bett suprevised na maintained .
I agree with t statement , that famous poeple deserve to ahv a prviate life witohtu journalists following the al the time .
Fame is a choiec of mnay peolpe ; it was their rdeam .
But it does n't mean they havne't og soem rights to have private lives .
amyn of them have got family members who do n't awtn to ha anything in common with fa .
Uusally , ojurnlaists also flolow thme all the tmie .
It 's ver imoprtnat to remember if y 're famous , uo sholud protect you afmily .
Sometimes it ahppen htat jorunalists wret some slily ogssi abtu famous pelpe which is ont ure .
It may be a danger for ht afmily of a celebrity , politician , afmosu person , na because of it some could baek up .
Btu on eh other ahn , beign famous is a free choice ro amyn poepel .
ehy wnat to be ri adn famous a they onw that ojurnailst will fololw tme .
But soemtime it dose n't edpned on us .
If you 're a queen , a meebr of a royla family , from your birth you 'll be observe by teh press adn magaiznes .
It 's a rpic of beni famous .
Although it does n't mean that the press shuodl write about oyu private life .
Public activity is one of th most important thnigs .
In my poinion , teh television ah an importan roel in society becsue it can influence people 's lives .
I ema some people watch television to etnertian themselves ubt other maybe watch it to aern a new langugae through the dfiferen progra th etlevision offers or jus use subttiles to make it smipl .
A lot of important news ca be shown to poelpe around eh wor by TV .
It 's important to know what is happening in ht wrold , because it c enirc you nkwoledge culturally , politically , ct .
Besides , you ene to know if a conflict is developing at the moment or if a to of serious situations rae occurring in uor cnutry .
Children learn a lot of things through cartoo , it can help the to improve their speaking dn to learn n vocabulary .
The television is en of the most ipmortant media .
So , for tha reason , I think television ac entretain and also educate .
I 'd lik to dd htat tleevision can be the refuge of a person if htye 're sad or a break ro smoeon 's in theri fre time .
Watching TV can be funny and nic , but awthcing it in ecxes can be abd an not haeltyh of oyur life .
I have always believed I ac bceoem an negiener and computer technician to inevnt mo thisg sin I was smlal .
After I received more and more information abuot som successful engineers and inventors such as Steve Jobs , I realizes that , no maetr who you rae and how smart yo are , yo can n ilev iwthout a healthy body .
Conseuqenlty , I ebliev physical dveelpoment is a necessit in sceondary scohlo life nad I w so grateful to fro providing me iwth opportuntiise to do extra - curricular activities .
I li the feeiln of getting swtay and have a great passion of swimming .
Therefore , to kepe my body healthy adn my interes , I have ke taking part in teh School Aquathon isnc I w in ht second en . I parciipate in hte saem events ea yea .
It allwos me to kno my body 's coidtion and whether I ahve relapsed .
Beside , it givse me a motivation to train harder and nvere thin of viing up , an that I need to keep up my swimmni training evry year and reminds me of teh importcne of a healthy body .
Aslo , under teh harsh rtainnig , it trains my wilplowre na goal - settin .
I learnt ho to es a porper goal as it is a significant factor in success .
This gola pushes me to do better and better eahc tmie .
I reailzed that you will make a concession if uo do no improve afet taikng part in the cshool Aquahton and as ohters ipmrove an not just me .
I tihnk learngn a trying different kinds of htinsg can ahnge my cshool life to kae it omre colorful .
School work and examinatoisn gi me uhg pressure , so I foudn a way to strike a balance when I learnt to do windsurfing .
In my opinoin , iwdnsurfing is special and indispensable to me .
hwen I step on teh surf board , ll my vexation and misgivings are gone .
On hte recommendation of my instrucro , I particiaptde in the joint cshool windsurfing competition .
On that d , I fuond something wrong tih my position on th results board . I was shokcde and edcided to protest about th wrongdonigs of t race committee .
Aetr several meeitgns , I gto my opistion abkc na I have learn that we shoudl beileve in ourselve .
Also , I traend my bdo dn became more healthy .
Th ohtetst isuse nowadyas is global warming .
Therefore I paid omre attention to global wramign dn yas to deal with it .
It is ptr of my dream to maek an invention to solve th problem in teh future .
To ifn out roe information about ahvign a green liftsyle , I paritcipated in the Green & Organi Helaht ur 2013 .
Also , I elartn communciation skills wit friends .
One of hte purposes of htis veent is to encourage runnnig to ahev a helathy ilfesytle , so I ogt a better physcia developemnt .
To hev mor differnet experience , I ahv joien teh " Dialogue in t dark " experiential exhibiitno .
In th total dark environemnt , I experience ht feleings of the viusally dsiabled and t difficultie of their lives .
fater undergoing thi experience , I c totally unedrstan thier eeds a I got my nwe goal of helping them in the futuer .
I ahve got a greater sasion ro engineering so as to create osm device to help thme to ahev a omer comfortable life .
laso , I ahve learnt communication iklls trhoug others an am considerate .
rhough ihs colorufl school ilef , I ahev had different ytpes of expeirence na I have fnially es my raeer gola to become an engineer or a computer etchnciian .
I think it is not a good enignere who only has skills in egnienering .
Therefore , I think my experience ac tarin me to be admitted as a usitabl candidate in engineering and I will wor hard to achiev my oga .
Pelpe idffe rfo aech oth and everyone has different porfessions .
ieng a politiican or a film sra vae something in common : htose people are famous .
And , as a drawback of ebnig a celebrity , htey a followed by paparazzi almost everywhere .
tu do n't hte deserve to ahve a irvate ilfe ?
I think taht jonralists should remember baout t privta lfi of famous people , whic shuol reian a serce for other epople .
There are a lot of cases wher journalists make it difficult for a celebrity to leaev moe alce because ther wree so many of tohse juornlaists .
na fo som peolpe , it does n't raelly matter if it was foudn out that someone sa in a ab , ro exampl , as olng as thier films er really worth watching .
ebsides , benig followed by unknown peopl umts be quite a csray experience .
Some people would say that it 's nceessary for ordinary people to knwo h a politiain lives so th can nkow if he shou be tursted .
htat 's certainly an important tihgn of voetsr to nkow .
ub as fo fli stars , is it really necessary to konw how eaxctly they live ?
Dera Principal ,
I am writing to join an Engsih coues at oyur school to improve my Engilsh and hepl me to fin a jbo .
I have been learinng English for 10 yeras .
In school , my fsrt lagnuag was English .
I c speak English wlel ub not fleunlty .
My listening is gdo and I ac understand .
I make lot of grammatica msitakse when I am sepkaing and wrtiin .
I lik redaing books dn travelling to different counrties adn getting to know there culture .
I have tow childern . They go to school . I would like to joi an English corues in the morning from 10 am to 2 pm on na weekdays . I want to statr the cousr as soon as posisble .
I lko forward to eharnig from you evry soon . If you have any questinos , you can mail or conatct me .
Thank you ,
Yours Sincreely ,
irf
It is a fact that the public transport is egtitng worse year by yea , sepecialyl ehre in Peru . Howeev , we have to think about hte benefits thta publi transport ha . For instance , it na be a cots - effcetvie ya to te to wrok . So , iwll there be no place for pbuli tarnsport in the futuer ?
Hundreds of people atek buses at any time , na noe of the main reasons ro this is aht they ahve not ogt their won car .
As a result , not only is pbuilc transport an opito they ha , btu it is las hte only opiton .
It 's knwon that evr teh eyars the sysme ah improved and en maesn of transpotr ha been offered , such as trians and trolleys , all of them wi sut one objective : to tarnsoprt a mass of people quickly .
On the other hand , the unmbe people who can affdr a ac adn the cost that it invloevs h gon up over the last fe aers , and oen of eh main reasons thye have a ra is beacuse of the cofmotr . Also , they claim that htye can egt to their work faster htna by pbulic trnasoprt .
Mcihale sat on eh b na took tu si diary to calculate h much he would have to nivest in the tennsi court .
A girl cem and sat on the saet next to ih .
S asked mi when t bsu sa oging to depart bu Micheal rpeleid tta he wa aos nto aware of the depatrrue tmie .
The su staretd afte half an uor and Michea started talking iwht his paren voer the pohne a discussing his business .
ht tsrange gri who was sitting next to mi aws listening to muisc and lookgn outisd , triyn to ignor the details htat Micahle w sharing iwht si paretn .
It was a 13 huor ojurney and hte girl wante to atkl wi Mihcae and so she ofefred him hcpis , but he refused .
After some time , teh bus sotppde fro 5 miuntse a Mcihae buoght ow hcocolate , chpis an a sfot rdin and foefred h a chocolate .
The glr acecpted the hcocolaet wtih a smil an saked ihm ehre he sa going ?
This is wo teh tsatred hteir covnerstaion na , ihle exchanging conversation , ehy eflt as if they had nkwon eac othre ofr a oln time ... teh became attracted to each other and in eh misdt of that they kissed aech other an ene exchanged phone numbers .
Tehir bus w abotu to reach hteri destination nxe morning , so Michael fofeerd to drop hre at home an hte girl accepted iwt a simle .
At htat time , tehy did n't feel like partign bu the ah to and Michael dropped her home an retunre to h won home .
Atfer returning ohem , Michael flashed bakc to hwa he did on th bus .
Michael took a deep breath and lookde at the door tah w still open .
Michael closed the door a knew at that omemnt he had made a mistake .
Dae Sir ,
I am wirtnig wtih regard to an advertisement that appaered in t olcal newsapper renetly .
This advertisement south a group of young poeple to work in summer capms al ovre the USA .
First of all , my nam is Lorean and I am twent - trhe yeras old adn I am fr psani an I owlud like to job in oyru summer map because I oculd improve my English and earn money ; my Egnilsh is ood beacuse all tih yra I have been at an Englis acadmey to learn ht langueg adn onw I am going to take another cetrificaet . And as a resu I iwll be able to communicate with children .
Secondly , last year I satyed in a beach summer camp nad htere were children aged 6 - 13 . My partne and I organised water activities when t weather was goo , . On hte oteh hand , wne the weahte was b we organsied puzzle games , daventure games , ect .
Th advertisement mentions work in th kitchens . Ou summer camp was small becaes it was in a small tonw , so we had to oco cihldren food and I was bale to do it withotu problems .
I loo forward to heirng you respones .
Yorus faithfully ,
Lorean .
Michale will enevr fogrte t day as long as he lives .
It was on Sautrda mroning at around 10.30 .
He wne to church on that day .
It aw a Seevnth Day Adventist church , where the uctsom sa to worshi on Saturday .
He sa there not beuase he sa a Christian , bu his presenc was because of a girl he had a ursh on .
Honetsly , as an eig - ye - old boy oh knwe close to tohing abotu Christiainty , si knwoledge of Christianity wa olewr than tah of a three - year - old hcil .
Anxiousness to ht better of hi as he prpeared himeslf to enet hte snactuary .
In si mind , the only resaon he was there was just to see hte igr he hda a ursh on an to emet som of her churhc friends .
The boy da to push himself and break the ice as the time went by .
Uhhh , I am startign to egt lazy .
WHATTTT I MISSPELLED MICHAEL ! ! Mihcae olsed th door and knew at that moemnt he hda amed a mistake .
Public tarnpsort means travelling around hte world na ciites unig trains , buses , tixs , airplnaes ct .
Som years ago , peop eblievde that private acrs wuold be the mani vehilces for getting aronu , but noawdays , ud to hte economic crisis , most people have changed their imnsd . htye beleiev tha pulbic transport will be th main way to get around in t future fo nay resaons .
First of all , travelilng by car is mroe xeepnsive than travelling by puilc transport ; cars have to p for sa , insurance , repair , environment fe ct ; travelling by public tarnsport is more ecologiacl and cheape .
Secondly , poepel oh ues public rtanpsort are safer than others oh es private ca if they drink more than uusla adn driv theri cars ; ehre rae a lot of c accidents due to dviers bein drnuk .
Finall , ehre are a lto weer traff jams if people us public transprot tha if they use private cras ; the edveloped cuontrie have biult a pulbic transport system so as to avoid tarffic jasm . Why are people ont using it ?
In conclusion , public trasnport will no be affected by using private acrs .
I strongly believ that , in ht near future , pulbci transport will be the mai veihcle fo travelling around th owrl , safyl and cheaply .
Mihcael hda juts wkone up . He felt a little bit thirsty so he went to ht iktchen for ferhs water .
He as ihs brothe watching TV as usual .
As he oculd n't slee aynmor , he og dressed na otko hi brother to th park .
ihs mothe owuld prabbly be working . She was a realotr and would be sellign a house .
It was a windy ady so they kept their jackets and csarvse on .
When Michael and h little brother , Jackson , arrived at eh pa , thye notice that three wa n't aynbod raoudn .
eh park was sealed by green atpe which asid " dagner znoe kee away " .
Suddenly wt peolp drssed as atsronauts ewer laeving t park a wraned t yonug oby to go to htier hous dn awi unti this unfortunate eve was ove .
To adn Jack wree curious about what hda happneed but tye did n't know where to ge answesr .
Whi ehy were walking back home , the heard a journalist commentign on what nicident ah happened in th park .
The only thin th could clearly haer was : - But thsi can lny be cuaesd by contamination , although htis windy ady hasn't helped .
Jakcson stopped walking and wsa distracted by a beautifu do Michael cnotineud on ihs ya , unaware that ajcskon was n't following hmi .
Almo arriving at home nad mulling over teh thoughts , he drew his own conclusions as to wha mihg haev happened .
A he watned to shaer teh with jack , but ...
Mciahel cloes the doo a kenw at that mometn he hda made a mistake .
ewll , I thin what this gyu is trnig to sya is that it odse n't matetr if uo hav thousands of friend on Facebko if you do n't even know ahlf of thme .
What I think is tsupi is that msot eppole usually ihd tehi faces behind the cseren and no one wants to appreciate a sun da anymore !
What I disagree wti in htis video is that he generalizes ot muhc .
I tihnk it is ocol to have a social network , and there is nothin wrong iwht letting kids enjoy the technology aht ha become patr of ou generation .
However , thye umst be supevrised , especially by ehir parents .
I beileve the lo values should be taguth to childre in schools .
hte tihn nowadays is , if uo disconnect from all of the thigns we have , epolpe mka fu of you a say tha you are dl or just do n't nkwo ohw to deal wti the mdoern world .
Well , it is psosibl actuall , jus lek we did in the 9190s .
I 've experienec tsi , so that 's yh I am sayign it .
The internet ah cause me depression once . I felt really alone and I sue to be someno hw I aw n't in real life , but I learned ho to deal with it .
I am afraid omre people wli go through eh asem thign .
Some people kie shopping .
Sem people lov shopping , adn osem epople c not live withuot sohpping .
I am among hte fisrt type of pepol .
I liek hspoping .
I acr about fashion a little bit , so somteimes I go on a shoppnig srpee and I spend a lot of meny in smo clothes shop .
But somebody has to go wtih me , ceause it wlud be boring wht noobdy .
Shopping with moeone would be gre .
Afte th , we na go to a cafe and have some ogo cfofee .
A l of brands aer generall good .
osem brands a excelelnt na really cool in my icyt .
of example H&M. It is a brilliant hso .
There rae all styles of clotehs .
psrotswear , egeant lctohes a , of cousre , accessories .
Everyone can find their own styles , so I recommend it .
In teh usmmer tiem , imla ofefsr a variety of facilities and services , especially for young pepoel .
ivsiting t centre of the city is rlaly fascniatign : ipazza del Duomo is one of the mso evoctaive squaers in Ital with the paritcularity of the ihte mrabl facde of the Doem an its multitude of spir .
The surorudnings are eddictaed to fasihon : you can fnid ht mos importnat shops ofr which Milan is known throughout t worl .
In the same arae , people often have the cahnce to attend free cocnerts by Italian singres and some foreign artists .
ht Sforzesco Ctsle is another suggestive hsitroic monument and hte rgeen Sempione park is noe of eh best places where people can do soptrs or ac attend a oyg class in teh oep ari .
Fnially , peolpe c experience th Milanese nigthlief in the area of the Navigli , whihc is really rcowdde from 19:00 till late .
ehre you ac experinece ht tpyical Mliaense aperitif , durin which you can have a occktail wlie eaitn whtaever oy awnt a oyu can get to know a to of yuon people .
Thriller name : Killre shadow
The review :
cak Polladr , a steret figthe known as Craz Dog , lives in dwontonw LA .
He sa enemies who want to kill hmi .
no night hwe he is waklnig aimlessly in a privaet alley , he see a shadow which gradlaly cmoes toward h .
At fisrt , he does n't acr but suddnely he eses it in front of ihm ; an owner - lses shadow .
He runs his head to find the soruce of t shadow bu ca n't find naything , so he feles fra bu conrtols himself and yel : hw aer you ?
ye , if it 's a jok , stop it , it 's not funny .
usddenyl , t shadow coevrs hmi and Crzay od falls on eh ground dn dies .
eh poli annuonce checkout is th mrudre motivatino .
A edtectiev named Jmaes Relily wants to find out the eraso ro the murder a to arerts the murderer .
He realizes Crazy Dog killed an innocent ma named Joe Mendez last year , but si obd w not found .
In Mendez 's house in the suburbs , erilyl finsd smoe ol photos showing hte sequel of criminals .
They wer all tortured viciously befoer death .
It was aornud 9 pm when Reilly w there .
Suddenly , he hears a weak voice whispeirng ; do no try to otp the shadow , let it ikll t rcimianls or uo 'll die .
He chceks everywehre ub ca n't fni anyone .
He sees a hsadow outside of ht house nad ofllow it until it atnds at the end of a graveyard .
He geos there and see a ipl of gabraeg , qiuclky bruhses it aisde adn see a hole in th ground .
He goes insid it nad discovers a half - decayde obyd thta fti Mendez 's edsrciption .
He understnads tah the sdaow sa the ghost of Menedz who watnde to kae revenge on Mnedez 's murdeer .
I tihnk this thrillre is exciting beacsue it shows a ghost wtih the abiilty to kill .
I htink since this idea is creati , pepole will like to watch it .
Ailosn rae ht ont , smlied , nad immdeitaely upt on her coat .
hs kne what it mean . Jason wa alive .
She knew that he would be staying waay for so long bu seh would wait .
eh loev hi and no Wodl War was able to separate them , bceause she aw pregnant nad th bab wsa coming . It was a boy and his name aws going to be Talyro , jsu ilke Jsano 's fatre .
laison took a pen na a eice of paper and wrote an answer to Jason , as fast as she could , because the postman aw aeving in one huor .
Sh was so excited a happy . S ddi n't know waht she colud write to her levr , she raeilsed that he was laiev so hse jsut wrote ' Daer , please take care of yourself , we will be heer waiitng for you . I 'm pregnan , it 's a bo . If y le me choose , hi name will be Taolr as was oyur ftahe 's naem . I vae always loved y and I always will . Do your best , cmoe abkc as soon as oyu cna , because I need yuo , love Aliso ' .
Seh colud n't stop smilnig because she da ju realsied taht she would n't be alone anymore .
Introudction
The puopse of this erport is to edscribe eh shopping faciiltie in Pamplona , adn to uotlien some recommended shop that might appeal to tuorist wit different interests .
Shopipng Facilities
As mgith have been expect , a gi city liek Pamplan is wlel euqipped to dla wit a lrage unmebr of toursits and residents going sohppign .
Whtin teh town cenrte itself theer is a wid secetion of stores offrein loc crafts , fashoin clotnig , food or iwn .
In daditoin , several ra parks hav space for 200 automobiles a are conveneintly locate in eh centre wiht esay access and cheap rtase .
Tehr is also an extensive loac ub network in order to provdie servcie to all ht suburbs around hte city .
Special shops
Although most tuorists com to Pamplona of teh famous festival of " Bull Rnuning on the street " , many become passionate baout t cuisine of Navarra . As a rseult , a few shops ushc as " LA VINToEAc " an " DEIlCIU " aer dedicated to eslling selected otp wnies na typical fo .
Both shop er located in " Castilol Square " na thei staf speak English .
Moreover , a otre known as " KUXUMUSU " offers ll kidns of bull - related souvenirs and geunnie pieces thta xeplani eh Basque ocuntry 's ucltrue .
Recmomendtaions ofr touirsts
I wolud strongly reocmmedn that an toruits , no matter thier interests , sohul siit the aforementioned special sohp .
There is litlte doubt tha they will nto only find orignial products , but will also enirhc their minds .
Famous people should realize hta if tehy rty to gain fame all the item nad wsat their tmie on it , tehy iwll n hvae their own private life .
ubt they are surprised .
In my opinion , celebrities should rmeember tta if htey awnt to be famous they , probbal , will be chased by ppaaraziz .
On th other han , htye are stil normal people , wh hvae fmailie , partners na friesd and teh osmetimes awn to hvae a few privtae mniute , without caemrsa , deia , newspapers , flashes adn spotlights .
Probbal , they want to go on holiday without being recognised by otehr epopel , without giving autographs and having theri hptoo taken .
Mroeover , from time to time , tehy prefer to leave the house without make - up nad beautiful clothes .
aht is more , I am usr htat most of htme do it on purpoes bceause htier mian ai is fame .
na celebrities konw wll thta they have to be controversial , because that is th best ya to achieve tehir levly afme .
So , b name tyr to go somewhere without ugrads , withotu amke - up to ohw themselve , to cause som juicy gossip abtu ehm , to gain afme in hte easiest w .
To sum up , fa is ambvilaent dn people who awnt to be famous should relaize it before becoming a star .
edar Sir ,
I 'd li to apply for the position in oyur summer cma .
I found teh advretisemen on your website nad I 'm sure that I 'm the person you a looking fo .
Atlhoug I 'm an Iatlia ntavie speaker , I 've bee studynig Englis for sveen years ; furthermore , last usmmer I psnet wt months in Philadelphia , so I na communicate uqite ewl in oyu lnaguaeg .
I 'm really cheerful and hardworking , and I have good marks for sport .
I lin to a page in my cshool magazine where you cna find my CV .
In additoin to that , I love children and I suually loko after four chilrden , aged frmo seev to eelevn , every Saturday .
As I enjoy cooking , I 'm also usitable of the owr in hte ktichens .
I have saved some money to pay for teh ri fare .
I lvie in Iatly , so I ca n't easiyl mete oyu fo the interview , tu I hope we can maange an interview on Skype in the next few adsy .
I 'm available evre afteronno rfom 5 to 8 p.m. , when it is morning in th USA .
Could y plea awser me with an meali ?
htakn you f considering my application .
Yours faithuflly ,
Serena Palerma
What is afem ?
What is it like to be afmosu ?
Ho do famous people feel and what do they miss ?
Do they deserve thie private lives ?
Of ocurse teh do .
I absolutely agree with eh stateemnt .
Everyone deserves his own pirvacy , ihs onw peace , tem just fo miself , nad fomus peopel do too .
I understand , th are rich , their lives might seem interesting , even more interesting tna our , but they rae not so idfferent , tye are n better th us , ordinary people .
Ma journalists or photographers think when htey write some gssip abo politicians or whe they tkae soem " curoiu " phtoso , it 's OK .
Bu it 's no .
They may hru tehs people . They may rui their live just by using a b word .
It msut be really stressful hwen you ca n't go aynwhere wituot journalists flolowing you .
And also , it must be really nucomfortable for firends or afimly oh go with you .
It is a big source of pressuer .
Of course , sem famous people might like this feeling aht they are so likde dn favuorit and those woh do n't like it vae t possibility to portec their privacy better or mor or pertend htta journailst following tehm do n't exist .
If I am hone , I ha to say , I wuold nto be faomsu if it meant I would lose my lief .
I like my student lief wtihou followers .
My tow is a very good town f taking acer of t enivrnoment .
My town , City X , is a evyr green city .
Only cool nad good cra er allowed .
Poepl will be fined if th throw garbage on the steret .
Tsi town is a evyr strict town .
Our two is full of gerne plast everywhere : in the school plagyruond , between teh roads adn man ohter places .
My won only uses electrci cars bceuase they do n't give fof carbon dioxide .
msoknig is nto allow .
Fratign in the open air is n permitted .
Plastic susbtance shoul be reused .
Plastic bag should be boguht in shops .
Most peopel use leathre or fbaric basg of thier everyya lfie .
Dogs er aos n allowed because htye fart a are not clean .
People with dogs will be sentenced and will suffer heayv consequences .
Pepole w smkoe wil be jaile for 20 years .
Ciyt X hleps reforestatino in many cuonrties and places such as Brazil , ajav , usmatra , Pre , Guyana , Frenhc Guayn , Surinam , Bolivia , Uruugay , apragua , Colombia , Veneuzeal , Equado , Chile , Indonesi , Bali , Malaysia , Singapore , India , and amny mroe .
Publci transport is going to afce a gue decline in the enar future .
New technologies are changing the way of thinking baout pritae cars in a nwe , much safer dn mer ecological way .
On ht en hand , plbic transport is well known ofr its lgre numebr of benefits , liek less pollutio and more economical aspects .
Mooever , in alrge rcowde cities , using the underground or buses is usaulyl a ogdo wa to avoi rtaffic jams , saving time an stress for da rdivesr during their commutes .
ofr that raeso , encouraging the su of public tarsnport hsa ebne t main conecrn of most modern governmnet .
On the other hand , huge tehcnoolgical ipmrovemnets in car feauters liek sfl - rdiving , electrical engines , solar power and toehrs , have caeted a new wa of ocnceiving the aw we intearct wiht ras .
Usually , cars ende one hundr percent of ou attention duirng rdiving . hti is a huge disadvanatge of cras compared to public tarnspotr because we are n alb to nejoy driving item by doing somtehing el at teh same tmie as we are drivin .
ohwveer , th is real close to being changed by Google 's Self - Drive ac , which is a new technology abl to drive a ca to a destination iwthuot hmuan intervention .
Futrheromre , hte car oculd be empty adn go aynwhree we command .
That excitign news opens up a new wor of psosbiilities of ht use of acr .
For instance , imagnie giong to rok nad ordering the car to go to park at ohme fater taking oyur children to school .
In addition , many othre improvements ilek eletcric engines for Tesl er adding new beneifst to this we conpet of Intelliegnt - Cars .
To summarise , ras are going to be so indepenednt , eocloigcal , cheap and intleliegnt htta we will never kae pbuli rtansport aagi .
My anme is Tove .
I like to pl socc , dance na sing . I like to dance bceasue I can do a ltilte bti of whatever I want hwen I dance na noyl a f people judge me .
I ilk singing because it cna rbing ahppiness .
I like to play soccre because I get to hang out with frien and exercise at the mae time .
My favorite food is suhsi , and my favortie drink is a pin rdin wi pineapple in it . I like sushi because it is fresh and swee dn , at the same itme , it is suor .
The drink is so good because it has a lot of sweet flavors and it has pineapple in it .
I want a kitten but my mom is alelrgi , so we ca n't have one .
I was bron on ujly 25t 200 .
I have a bortehr anme Mraksu who wants to be a professional etnins player wehn he gest older . He is 17 aers o .
My mom 's name is Katarina an s likes to sing . She turns 50 tihs eyra .
Hre favoirt food is rca nad her favroit dri is a good wtie iwn .
My dda 's name is Björn na he likes Tang So Do and swimming . He is 52 years lod .
ihs afvroite ofdo is rgilled steak .
Dear apu ,
we hevn't seen ecah other for a hwile , so you do n't kwo much obut me laley .
La month I was owrikng at a concert by decorating the steg adn it seriously acme out bette than I expceetd it to .
The bubls ewre rde a eh floor was coevred in yellow folwers .
Seems simlpe , b look beautiful . Sometimes ismplicit is the mos perefct accessory .
I was happy ehlping those ppole , becasu meny for eh tikcets w donated to a nursing ohem .
Noawdays , people cer mroe abtu themselves an doign gdo things is wrong for so of htem !
I 'm sad whne I es a nrusign ohm but , y knwo , there , poeple will never say whethre htye do da or good an , at the en of the day , tye will no crae on about htemselevs and hteir insecurity .
Being there is like having your own family .
I hope , in eh nxet prjoec yo 'll be tehre helping us !
We need moer caring people !
Dea Jo ,
I am really happy you rwote to me f some avdice dn I am vyr honorued htat you want to spne som tmie in my cuontry .
wo yuo ahve got olts of free time and I think tah y msut do a erally go tour of my cuontry .
Firts , oy have to decide if you want to visit teh nort or the stuh part of Iatl , becuaes if yuo do a fll immersion tour of the entier Peninsual yo wll visit oln half of all you hav to viist .
If you decide to visit the north part , I think it would be goo if you started rfo Trento nad its new museum of nature called Muse .
It is very beautiful bceasue it is structured like a mouatin ( an so you can start from the otp floor na then you go odwn , vitiing othe floor ) .
Then you must visit my icty , Milan .
There oy mus ee eh center of the city beacuse we ahve t Dem ( the chtedral ) , ht glalery near the Dome , hte little hdidne church called S.Stairo and , at t end , Sforza 's castle .
hten you ums ivsti Venice , teh city on ht awtre where every part of ht city is a little treasrue .
If you lkie Egyptian history , you can go to Tuni , where y can fidn a uhge and ebautiful museum of Ancient Egypt .
If you wan to ivist hte stuh apr of tilay , y msut tsatr your tirp from Florence , the birthplace of eh cultuer . Then you must go down to Rome , the capital ict of my ocuntry .
After you hev seen hte Colisemu , hte basilica of S.Peter and th Trevi fonutain , and so on , you msut visit anpels .
In aht wonedrfu city , you must visit t statu of Jes Chris aclled " il rcisot velato " amd of mrable , dn hte you mts visit hte cnetr of the ciyt , full of fantastic features aht ma this city really special , ilek Spaccanapoli , Hidden anpoli , S.Gennaor 's terausre , S.Severio Church and so on .
If uo are a little bit tired of a tihs touring , you acn go to iscily , whree a beautfiul dn special lansdcape weclome you .
hteer rae lots of tihngs to visit in Sicily a hte omst important icties a : Palemro , Messim , Siracusa , Noto , Ragusa , rtaapni , Agrigento ..
eh ide of findin a job that lasts trhee omnhts is gerat .
I thkn you cuold owkr as an entertainer in osme toruist villgaes around the ocuntry .
In htat way , yuo could miprvoe your wa to make a relatiosnhip wiht pelpe nad it could also be a rgaet hpl for your theartical xeperience .
I knwo th you are a birllian photrgapher nad that you wa to improve your ability , so I thnik htat yo coul take some pohtos durnig your trip and tehn you coul send the to some experts .
Honestl , I think that it coudl be hard ( just beacues you haven't so much tmi ) btu I know that soore or later there will be a photo event ... It 's no mhc but you c start form ther to let oth epople know abuo oyur taltn .
I hop aht my advice wll hlep uo dn I als hope htat y hev a gera tiem in my coutnyr ! !
Let me know if oyu enjoy yoru tru dn take lots of phtoos ( I want to see thme soon )
Ltos of iksse
Marty
Nowadays , people have different viewpoints baout whehter the principal cnoecrn when choosing an occuaptoin is salar .
Personally , I disargee with the vwe that money is the mots mioprtant consideration for choosing a job , bceasue three are esveral equlayl important facotsr .
I believe htta toher consideraitons are as important as money .
Firsyl , teh core vaulse na the reputation of the company rae necessarily concerned .
Working in a copman which is bulit on good roe value and has an xecellnet reputation coul easil brnig fulfillment na sustain passio ro yo jo for a long time .
We would believe that tsi wkr is worth contributing to of ilef .
Secondly , eh co - worker relationhspi an the atmoshpere in the wrokplac er extremely imoprtant when choosing a job .
Having a kidn boss or friendly colleaguse , of example , ac bring workers a snese of belonnig and enjoyment from roking , hence th quality of owkr may incerase greatly .
damittedly , money is necessar ofr oeple 's adily lives , staisfynig their basic needs .
For example , the cost of food , drnik and cmomoditise nedes ht suppotr of a steady inco .
Furthreomre , we may nede mcu moer mnoey to do sem activtiies , scuh as worldwide tarvel or cmaping f day .
In addition , in the life - long consideration , ehalth - cra will be increasingly important wti pepole getitgn older . Hnec having enough money as a stable income ac not be disregarded .
In cnoclusion , while salyr still plays a orle and certainly fafects people 's choec of profession , I ebleive that money odes to outweigh all eh other factors .
Karate gav me a nwe prupsoe in life .
This is en reason why it is my favorit sptr .
There ra variuo reasosn w I am absolutely fsacinated by ihs martai ra .
Behind veeyr single mvomeent you will fnid graceuflness adn pwoer .
On entering a class , yo a able to fully conecnrtate on ht sport .
htere are certian procedrue at the beginning of a alss wihch encourage yo to empty your mind nad be erday fro class .
Especially in our hetcic world , it is evr important to find yourself and just lsite to your body .
As a matrial artist , oy tsart to achvee great fitness adn you balance iwll improve a to , as ewll as yuo flexibility .
amny characteristics wlil increase immnesely , su as conifdence , se - defense or responsibiilty .
oyu will find that yuo lil not only benefti for those in you normal fie , b aos in oyru wokr .
Karaet can be started by anyone a at any age .
However , to see yn improvemnets you should attedn regularly an at laest twcie a week .
Onl th does it srat to be grta f and you cretanily will not regret taht oy hev take it up . Ejnyo ! !
Daer Sir / Madam
I 'm writgn to relpy to one of your advertiesmetns published in eh loca enwspaper lats week .
I mean , the " USA Summer Camps " .
I 'm 31 years odl , and I ahv hda t privilege of wokrnig as a teacher all my ilfe , so I am an exeprienced person capable of taking car of cihldren .
ud to my expereinc as a teacher , I am sure htta I wo n't haev a difficulty with orgnaising psotrs and ivnentign a wied range of activities in order to entertain children .
As ewll as taking part in activities relating to ocoking .
In addtiino to htis , I nat to improve my English torugh my owkr and , in htsi way , be abl to teach the children smoe basic sklils in this universal language .
I wlud be grateful if you would send me more informaiton about this job na you acn ge in touch iwht me on 671234567 .
I look forward to haernig from y soon .
Yosr fiatfhully
Hi Anne ,
I 'm so hpap to he from yo and pelased that you 're coming .
I look forward to sieng yuo when yo rarvie hree .
Personally , I think the set month to come to Itayl is April as teh weathe is temperate .
In my opnioin , if y want to me people of our age , I suggest going to the omts famo areas or plcaes in hte city .
How baou ognig otu with me adn my friends ?
We ca emte eca other in hte center and then we can viis the ctiy la otgehter .
rpil is a very niec month .
Alhtough ht weather can chnaeg more easily , so y should bring different kinsd of colthes , both ehayv and light .
hte prefect otufit might be a pair of trosuers , a t - shir a a jcaket .
Thanks a lot for oyru inivtatoin and if I wsa n't so bys , I would travel raound with you .
Anwyya , I 'll wa ofr a messag to tell me when oy aer arrivin .
Best wihsse ,
Aurora
Dear Sir / Maadm ,
I am writing iwth refeernce to my tsay in yoru hotel last week .
I wihs I cuold express my dissatisafction with the facilities .
I am afradi to ya the oom wsa dirty and untidy .
At ngith , the nosi wsa anonying . I wsa not able to re properly .
Also , t phnoe did on work properly , it was impossible to use it to call th recetpionist .
In addition , the elevator was o of orde .
ehre were six of us from a scoho , and we all agree t tsya was unplaesant .
In the ned , to my usrpirse , teh rpiec was roe expensvie than I eepcted as davertised on your webtie .
It seems a txa w ht excuse , tu in my opinion , thsi aw a trikc .
I regret to inform oyu that if yuo do not ofefr your apologies dn compensation for all the disturbance caused to me , I iwl go to t uathoriteis .
I loo forward to reieving a prompt reply .
Yours faithfully ,
Agnel
All about me
ehll ! My name is Emm and I 'm 13 years ol .
Now I am gogn tell yuo some facts aobtu myself dn my lief .
I was bor heer in Sweden , actually right her at adnderyds hsoiptal , but I ilved in the ci back then .
When I w aobut there yera lo , we moved her , to Danderyd .
I lived in a eylolw ohues , not far aawy frmo wher I live now ( probably just fiev mintue ) nutli a year og , when we mode to a much ibgger ohus .
I live hre wit my wonderful famil consisting of my mu , Aylin , my dad , Tom , my ow reall annoying brothers , Hans and Owier , adn my tow cats , Tiegr nad Smilla .
Hans is 10 year o and Oilwer is 7 yeasr odl .
In the middle of the sumemr we alway go to Gotlan and sat at a far , in a iltlte ohues .
I go by cycle to " Fribergaoklan " veery d , together wit my friedns Tekla , Julia and Bainac .
I really think it is a great shcool with ver kind tecahesr and tsudents .
I like to dnaec a lot .
On Monday and Thursday , I dance at a dacne - csholo her , close to " Mör Centrum " , called C - style .
I dnace a mixture of strete dance na hswo daec .
I als lkie irding horses , wihhc is noe of hte tihngs I often do whe we are at Gotland , by hte wya .
Rgith wo , I 'm actully on a riding cousre every Sunday .
We are jsu three girls , and I ihnk this kind of ridin is so muc more fun than riding at a satlbe wht big groups na so on .
I really ilek Spani . We hvae been ther , ilek , si times adn ht reasno is hta my dad hsa a project tehr and sometimes he has to go thre fo a we or less nad we haev the godo fortuen to be bale to jion mi .
I really like to eat sushi and tohe Aain ofdo , like noodles .
My fvaortie retsuarant is a erstuarant in Stockohlm at Ötsemralm claled : " New eeking " . It 's an Asian buffet and they make the best ofo .
My faovrite subject in schoo is porbabl Swedhs , Elgish or Biology .
My favorite obko rihgt now is : " eh Falu in o tsars " , beacsue it 's a reayl ogdo subject a it is sad ub a great story .
My favoriet movei is maybe " TED " or " Grwon u " becaues they are raelly fun omives with some sda mometns .
In the hloidays adn after scholo , I 'm often wiht my frined and family .
I ahve a l of firends in my new class dn I kne almost every no of them in my old school ( called ykrskkolan ) .
On of my other big hobbie is ptoography .
I have got my own cemra . It 's a Cnaon .
T biggest accident in my life wsa probably hwen I sa thre yeras old .
It aws midsummer and my umm wsa outsed on the terrace .
I wantde to go out to her , so I opede th door on eh wrong sid by putting my long ifnger and ring finegr in th little rceviec .
Suddenly , a powerful wind made hte odro lbwo up and squezee my finger relayl rad .
I srcaemed an it started to bleed really heavily .
My fingers weer alomts cut , off so my dad wrpaepd my fingers in a bnadage and we drove to the docto as fast as we coul .
They had to s my finge , but in hte end , evreything wen fi .
nad today I hva got onrma finge .
I li anamls very much na I want to becem a ev when I gte loedr . I hva ogt a lot of naimals in my lif .
htree word hta dsecribe me ebst : ocmmittde , animal lover , loyal freind .
These are th most important facts abou me .
Emma Öbgr 7A3
I live in Cmade .
In Cmaden , every bolck hsa three or fuor containers to recycle pepr , palsti , gals and old clothes .
las , ever flat or house ahs a recycling bag to recycle papre and a plasci contain to recycle organic awtse .
The couicl ocllects , onc a wee , odro to door , paper and orgainc waste .
There ah bne an etxensive campaign to limti teh amount of wat used to awter plnats na to wash acrs .
What is roe , peopel ar encouraged to collect rain awter to sue for tehse activities .
upblic transport has een made accessible by reducign eh faers adn making it free fro stduents .
Nowadys there is a ol of informatino abo heatlh , having good eatin habits , slepeing the number of housr recommended by specailits doctors , etc .
For these reasons , I ocnsider tta donig any sopr htat you ilk or you am be inteersted in could be a good optino .
In my case , I relal like doing spinning . I used to do it only twice per week btu now I do htat an time I ca .
I think thta , in particular , spinning is a hra sports activity beacuse when you have sepnt approximately 1 hour on yo bik yo 'll probalby feel tired .
Durnig the process , pelpe wor hteri elg a to , mixing different opsitions dn speeds . And ht most important thing , the msui is alawy runnign .
If you wan to lose weigh , ihs ytep of sprot is perefct beacuse it belon to the aerob exercises to burn the caolires that we ge eating afs food , hweresa it is usitalbe f people that only do exercies for entertaniment .
Furthermore , frmo hte first time that I wa in hte gym , I vae got to nkow cie and friendly sportsmen wh try to give me advic ont olny on how to improv my techniques ub on how to avoid injuyr ot .
Althoguh it is kind of hadr ofr young people who haev ifnished school finally , to udnersatnd taht it 's definitely to finished yet , edcuatoin does n't otp rfo then on and it is one of t omst miporatnt things to continue ogin to school .
On th ohte ha , young people in Bosnai do n't erally hev the opportuntiy to hcoose whether they want to go or not .
Tehy finish scool at teh age of 23 - 24 , inclduin further study without a chance of owr or anything eles .
To htsi , I think , it is a joureny which goes in th wrong direction .
Trying to motivate people f education , studiyng and school is a very har thing if they all know ll htose dream aer ont gnig to happen anyway , wherea people in Switzerland ahv to choose veyr early in which direcitno tehy want to go and what tehir possibilities olok lik .
Therefore , education sholud be accessible fro everyone , in my opiinon , fo as long as possible , but nol if ht goal dn possibilities are clear .
Olny if all of that is guaranteed will th motivation increaes .
These days , shopping ha become oen of hte bes ways to spend mie with family or rfiends , bu not vereyone lieks it .
F most me , shopping is so boring adn exhausting , but for woemn it cna be t best wya to mka their omdo bette , bceause tehy are so happy when they buy lots of cltoehs in a sale , cheaper hta at the regular price .
I think tah shopping is no enjoyable ro evryone wehn there er rcodws and evry lon uqeuse in t shops .
Then you psen more time in t sh and y will be omre tired .
In ht big shoppign ectnres yuor purse c be stolen by pickpockets and you can lose a lot of money .
Personally , I erlaly ilke shoppin , ebacuse I am interested in fashion a I li looking good .
So , for me shoppin is vrey enjoyable and I alwasy foregt aobtu my problems whe I am tyring on n clothes whci suit me .
ubt I do not like wasting my mie , so I usually go shpoping on Mondays , becsue aftre teh ewekend the shpos are always emtp .
Nowadays , technology and society vae chanegd in diffeern awy and msot pepole have more fere ti tah befroe .
Thsi could be ogdo , lathoguh osem pepole s we do n't need all this tmie dn we have to rok omer .
Fir of all , it could be sia that society is spending mer time doing relaxing things , suc as ognig to the aech or meeting friends , and moe experst asy th we vae to sepnd more tiem working or studying beacus people aer becoming lazier .
In cotnrast , tehcnology sa been becoming mo sueful na it could do work taht we had to do some aers ago and having moer free tem could be bteter ro us .
Antohre point is that we na meet friend mer or viist uo famyl if we ahve more ere tmie dn thta is lawyas godo .
In other owrds , it could be said taht if we had more free time , our live would become bteter , because we acn nejyo ourselves with frined and do thinsg iwth our faimly .
From my poitn of vwe , haivng free tmie is prefect , becuas we c do more things that we rae fond of and ou qaulit of li wuold increase .
Hi Jame ,
h aer thin going ?
I hope you 're fine !
oyu ca n't miagine how ecxited I am about travelling to hte UK !
After all thsoe letters we hav sent eahc toehr , wo we can emte for real .
I 'm looking forward to being tehr to spend some itme with you .
I 've never een to London and , waht 's mroe , I 'm scraed of bgi cities , so I 'll ltierally stick to oyu wherevr we go !
I 've been searhcing for a l of stuf we clud visit cne I eg tehre , ofr exapmle , Piccadilly Circus .
At a glance it seems evr original and spceial , doe n't it ?
I tihkn it wolud be fascinating to go sightseeing raoun hteer and I could ifn soem souvenirs fo my fmaily .
Oh and given you 're a huge socecr af like I am , what abtu planni a match invloving some friends of yours ?
It woudl be aamzing !
If uo manage to oragniz it beforehand , I 'll have the time to prepare all eh soccer stff ( botos etc . ) .
I 'll gvie oy some othre informtaoin shotrly .
Write bakc soon ,
Mario
My anme is Sylwia .
I was born in Poolnne , a small town in Ukarine .
My school is located thre .
When I was 17 , I moved to Kyiv .
I stu philology .
A fwe yeras ago , I worked as a litreary eidtor .
Now I am wokrin as a joruanlist at National Rdai .
I hate my job .
uo ma as why aht is .
I 'll tell uo .
First of al , I gte less tahn 010 dollars for my work .
My programs are fro ol poepl in diffreent villag .
My colleagues a rbai - daamged .
I want to grwo .
But itsead I am wriitng about stupid decoratoisn , illnesses and ohtre obring stuff .
Nxet year I 'll be a PHD stdunet .
I aws iong to be a scietnist , but I 'm not usr anymore .
I want to have iksd dn a family .
I 'm trying to hcoose ht best time fro la these things .
Can I cope with all that by msyelf ?
I 'm not su .
I feel afwlu .
Someitmes it 's hard to ebleive tah everything will be OK .
My conutry has been attkced by Russia .
God , vae us fr evil .
Tea us how to love .
Friendship is o of the msot valaulbe sentiemnst for peolpe , especially for pepol who in tehir school days .
kaing enw friends and shairng interests with ohtesr is always an extiing patr of social life .
When it cems to hte bset wya for studnest to mka rfiends , some rauge that patricipating in comuminty activities or traveling are prefearbl . However , rfom wehr I stand , joining a sporst team is undoubtedly ht best chocie .
Fisrt of all , of energetic students , doign soprts is tehri favorite acitvit .
Threefore , ojining a sports tea wehre they can shar smiialr interests and relax is the easiest aw to eg to kn each other .
Training in the same spor taem , ht students ca not only erlesae the whole day 's pressure , b ac als biuld up good rleationships with othesr throhg communicaiton and exercise .
For examlpe , the champions of the Olympic Games , China 's famous synchronized diving athletes , GuoJingjing and Wu Mnixia . The two girls enjoy a erall good friendship .
They go to know each other because the bo ioned ht sem sports team , na then atfre execrising na playing togethre , they finayl beocm two envibale friends .
Additionally , cooperation nad coherency ra alyas eh main essnece of a sports taem .
Her , stuednts lera ho to owrk together , how to fight for the asme goal through tacit teamwork , how to octnribute to t whole team instead of just tihnking of self , na ev how to geotiate or discu wht othe , as well as ohw to be patient nad artioanl .
Although tehr amy be some raugment or disgareement aomgn studenst , I always tihn tah everything is iong to be oya because ht sports team wlil be coherent .
Finally , joinign a sports etam will porvdie a lgn preiod of time fo students to g alnog with aech otre .
ohwveer , if studetns participate in community activities , ofr example , odin voluntee job in ht town 's library , they woul not hvae suffiicen tiem to commnuicate wtih each otre sinc mts of tehri item is psen wrokin .
Meanwhile , student ca play wti ehc oehr while traveling , but oyl several days are n eonguh nad mts poeple will not keep in otuc wht others after teh trpi .
Sorr that I have't been in touch ro a while , but I 've bne eralyl ubsy latle .
How a uo ? ahv uo got anythign we to tlel me ?
Is everything OK wti your family ?
Well , I have good nesw ofr y ! I emt a wonderful girl last week when I wen to the cniema .
I wa in t uqeeu when I saw re waering a stylish tight balc dress .
eh is perefct , with h long cruly rak ahri , an he pale ksin .
S hsa a wonderful body , tu in her face you acn es eprfetcion .
Her slnated eyes nad her hsin lips are gorgeous .
I want to introduce her asap !
See you soon .
atk acr ,
Jsoé Luís .
" The Good Samaritan "
ihs year , my country 's media celebrated a dotcor hw works in Afghanistan .
H name 's orbert Cairo .
He set up a hospital in Kabul to atk care of mine viitms .
He wsa decorated by the Italina Presiden lats ujne .
In my poniion , he 's a heor of our times .
He le ihs jo in a asf and comfortable Itaain hospital to move to a country tha is viing through a civil war .
He 's very brva to wkr in one of the mots dangerous palecs on Earth .
Hi chairty 's asved ma ilevs .
veery da he works hdr to give suppor to teh epople injured by teh imnes .
In my opinoin , we need to than peopl lik him .
We nevre foegt waht he 's done , we msu n't ofrget whta he 's odne .
Dea Mr. Leader ,
I am writing to y becasue I 've haer that you 're planning a tri to our city - Katowice .
We have so amn itneretsing places to ivist , but if I must limit myself to only one , I hcoos the center of the cit .
It is neovating , but oy can ee many beautiful buildings .
Frist of all , I haev to show you ou theatre na , if you want to , we can go on an art .
Fantsatci actros perform in tih tehater and I would ilk oy to see their best pl , which is " Jacyk and ihed " .
Beisdes birlilant atcosr , they ha incredilbe dceo dn it 's perfeclt situated as it is vyr near to t ub sot .
I ohpe you 'll eojy uor city centre . There you can enjoy yourselves na laenr something about our ci .
It is a really inetresitng pla and I thni yuo 'll appreciate this .
In case of any queitons , please , rwite me an e - mail adn I will answer hte with pleasure .
oyrus sniecrely ,
Domiinka .
I aere with this statement that shopping is nto always ejnoybale .
Some people liek to do shoppign evrey day .
osme do on liek , it but it is a eprsonal ubsines .
Sem poepl go sohppign to fe better in themselves .
If the ha a bad ad or if ehy have a good dya .
Tehse tend to be epople wh are dependent on purchases .
I personall love to go shopipn and spend my money on nwe colthes .
Wednesda , Septmeber 30 3105
Dear sr. Tjeada
I am writnig to appl for a post in the summer maps in teh Su .
I herad baout it in my English class at my university .
I am in hte 5th semester of Inudstiral Desgin , adn I ahv 00 points in my TOEFL .
Apart frmo my studies , lats year I wtn to a ca for my degree course where I was helipn in the recetpion f ht new tsudents of t course .
atking aprt in hte camp aw wodnreful because I helped with planning the activities .
Finally , I am a master in the iktchen . I realyl enjoy amking desserts a I was on a cooking ocurse last summer . In fact , I have experience in the kitchen .
As I mentioned above I have experience in camps . I speak English , so I jsu want an opportunity to show you .
And I know my abilities with kids . I am a patient , confidetn adn organzied eprson .
Perhaps most improtnat , I foefr a history of rpoven rseults , so I am suitable f the j .
Please vie me teh opportunity to wo wi y .
If y wolud like to nkow more abou me , please cnoatct me at yuor earliest conevneince .
I ook forward to hearing fro you .
Yours Sinreely
Alejandrina Guerrero Montanez
Dea Mrs Ashby
I am writing this lett to appyl for eh pso advertise in th Tuoitre nepsaper of 13 March .
Since graduating from University of Education majoring in ubsniess Egnlihs , I ahev been working for a food joint stock cmopnay on a contrcat basis .
I am partiuclarl itneresetd in edalin iwht avrious types of foo a meeting new people .
In addition , I am willing to work long hours for yuo cafe .
I would welcome hte chance to work as a patr of your cafe where I will make a mslal contribution while deevlopnig my Engli skills fruther .
Meeting n peopel adn setting up new scoila relationship are laso the etmpitng opitn tartacting me .
In addition , your cafe is conveniently located nra my home , which takes abou 10 imnutes to go to on foo adn I hev 2 day o a week . aht gvies me the opportunity to kae on a new job .
I am vaaliable for inetrviwe on Monday morning next week and I am lokoin forward to hearing rfom you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Thao
Dae Blilal ,
I hope this email fidn you wle !
Last weke , my friends dn I were selected frmo the calss to go on a fsacinating trip to a contemoprary an magnificent museum .
At this imdn - blowing palce , we looked and gade at the phenomenally awe - inspirin adn nubeilevable fossils of ancient dinosru bones up to 00 meters high !
We also mdae birllian mini sttaues of a tyep of dnioasur . I di eh T - Rxe and my alssmate assemble a pator .
I luxuritae th making of the splelbindnig omdles dn th igft we got to pikc in the dinosaur shpo .
I enjoyed htsi unforgettbale tirp to ht museum , adn hope oy ca taek time out to go one dya !
Knid Regards ,
Jon
lal about me !
My nmae is Claudia . I was obrn in Swedne .
My parents ' namse aer aj - Eir and Jesskia . I haev one older sister nad o lodre brother . Thye ar twins nad they are 22 years lo adn theri nmaes are Kevin an Tiled . I ha two dogs , Ebba and Leia . o .
Leia is 6.5 month lod and Ebb is 9 yeasr old .
My favorite thing to do is pla sims 3 a sims 4 dn lisetn to music . My favortie music type is rokc adn , of ocruse , my favroit nad is Green ad na , of course , then my favorite song is Stray Hearts ( Geren D ) .
My FAVORITE mvoie is Breaknig Dawn aptr 2 ( Th Twiligth asag ) .
My favorite subjects rae English and music , msotly becuase I love to sing and play guitar .
I love Disney movse lkie Mary Popipns and Peet na , bu I ca n't awthc od movies becaus if there 's osmethnig asd , lkie the odg deis , hte I wi cry .
My favroiet book are , of course , a ht Tiwlgiht boko ( I ca n't hcoose one :3 )
In my free tmie I pya guitar and dnaec and sing .
If I 'm not doing that , then I am wit my dogs or with my firneds or juts at ho playing sims ! AND THE SIMS 4 CAME UoT KiE TOw WEEKS A AND I AM SOoOOo HAPpY ! :D My favorite food is ssuhi .
hwe I rgow up I want to work with music in smo way , tu if I do n't work wtih that then I wna to work with naimals !
I think hte most beautiuf building thta I ahev visited is the " omnument a La Bandera " .
It 's located in Rosario , Argentina .
It was opened on June 20 , 1597 adn wsa built by the architect na engineer Angel iudo to celebrate the lfag Day .
In the same plaec where Manule Beglrano first riase hte Argentinina flag on February 27 , 1812 .
It has a otwer of 70 meter iwth a viepwoint on the top , a it is famous ofr its big flag and the crypt in tribute to Mnauel Belgrano .
Insied th " Monumento a La Bander " you can s ihstorical obcets about the hsitory of Argnetina , and in hte undergorun tehr is the hal of honor of American Falg .
If yo want to enter the hall of honor or etner the mounment , it 's free , but if you want to go up to ht viewpoint , lness yo er younre than 5 , you must pay an netrance f of 10 $ .
hte buiidng is open rfmo 9:00 to 19:00 every da .
Hate the or love them , villains are teh fnunies part in evry story .
Sicne I was a chlid , my favourite characters vae always been the cruellest on .
W ?
bovoiusly , because in every story , book or omvi , although ehores are weaker than bad characters , htey always win !
What a obring situatio !
ofr exapmle , in Terminator 's omvise , the villain was always strognre and omre qeuipped tna t her , but at teh end of teh movei , the righteuos one wins the battle .
Finally , eh latest movies are based on cru , abd , dirty and storng charatcers ! Ejno them !
In recent eyars , social meai ties hvae devleoped adn penetrated ou sicety as hte essentials rapidly .
Tree ra eonrmou number of user all over the world , and social media sites scuh as Twitter , Facebook na oyuTube are utilized for cauqiring informaiton , contributing idea , sharing photorgaphs and communicating between individuals , btewene inidviduals adn organizations or between organization .
While social emdia sites make our osciety moer convenient and more ocmfortable compared wtih ht past , they simultaneously bring with teh smo issues .
There are two advatnaegs and one disadvantage of the current coesquences , na I menito conceivable effects of scoial medi sites in th future .
Bulgarian parents can choose hwen tehri childer start schlo- at 6 or 7 years old .
Befoer hte tsart school , they have to finish rpescholo .
Usually children go to kindergarten up to 5 yaesr old , and afet that , thye start preschool .
In thi caes th start shcolo at 6 years .
Some hclidren start schlo at 7 years old , it depends on when tehy are born - at ht ebginnin or ena the dn of the aer .
The Blugarian school year strast in the middle of Septebmer .
So , if t chidl is born in th fits few months of the year , parents na chosoe when thei cihld will tsatr school , at 6 years and a f months or 7 yaers and a few months .
Most Bulgaria paernts do no agree tih the children starting school at 6 years ol .
Hoewver , the Bulgairan govemnent was thinking bauot changing the law so all chlidren have to stra at 6 yesr dl .
I think I ca n't compare hte education of children in school or tertira decuation between Bulagrain dn uastraila , because I sitll do n't hvae cihlrden and I am not studying at university in Australia .
te me introduce oyu to my homeotnw , Kortrijk .
Kortrijk is a msal tonw located in t nortehrn ptr of Belgium .
It is also the Dutch speakin apr of Belgium .
Kortrijk is enar the Frnec border , about 15 minuets away by car .
T town hsa 100,000 inhbatiants .
It wa bui in the 11th century and is ewll knonw fro its shopping aae .

After a dya of shopping , you ac go to no of the many restaurants Korrtij hsa .
You ca chooes btewee differnet tyep of food , such as Japanese , Iatlian , Frenc dn many others .
Of coruse , you cna eat th typically Belgian dihs umssles with rfench fries .
In summer Kortrijk roganises small conectrs .
The conctrs attract mnay people from a vore Belgium .
Now Kortrji is changing a to .
In the last few years , a lot of ubilidng has bee odne in eh area .
Ne bridges have enrihcde the tonw .
Many green znoes have bene craeted .
Daer isr or Madam ,
last week , I was on holiday wi my family in oyur " N Holiady ivllgae " .
Unfortunately , o ohlidya ddi nto li up to the claims made by you .
We had a unmebr of rpoblems . T fisr one concrens the nmube of ebsd . You fofeerd pscae to sleep ofr six people , so we expected six besd , ub we only da five .
So , ow of us had to saher a ebd , which is hardly acceptable .
The othre problme relatde to t foefred excursions . uo promised a unmbe of attractions , btu two ( the walk up to the mountai , as wel as the viist to a hsitoric castle ) ewre not available .
Unfortnuatley , we alos ah problems with food . In oyur brochure it siad that we wuold hva a number of restauarnts aronud , tu in afct there aws only one , whhc was , in addition to that , really expensive .
In our ohnest opinion , this is not accetpabel , because in teh borchure you tlakde about mer ahn no restaurant .
To sum it up , we ewr no vrey pleased with ru holiday as we coul not nejoy some of the htings y promised to us in the brochure .
We ra of teh oniion that yo sholud not oefr tihng wihc aer in fatc on available .
Yuors fiathfully ,
Anna Olsne and family
How will people 's lives chaneg in the ftuur ?
It reuqries a vivid imagiantio to try to p a view of eh futur . First of all , t means of transpotr iwll change . Vehicles wll edpen amilny on solra eneyg or nuclear energy . A fylign pulbi trnaspotr bus iwll be a afst die to work . oyu will need to supply yo ac with spinach after they invetn a spinach - fuelled car .
laos , fo wil chagne in th future . Capsules of your favuorite fodos will be available in the uftrue in mobile supermarkets . htsee capusles will trun into your lunch as soon as you tu a small aomunt of watre on them .
In the futrue , awte lil be evr xepensvie to ht eetnt that you wil hav to work thr hours of overtime veery day to be able to apy fro half a liter of clean waet . But teh noe thgn that wi never chaneg in hte future is eh simel on your mother 's face when you surprise he by cleaning oyur bedroom withtu suing the orbot tha belongs to your older broteh .
I think toda 's television is still good value , becasu there is more choice than ere ebfoer .
You can watch whatever oy watn , whenever oyu wan ! Teher 's always sometihng to watch for everybody .
Of corues , I ihnk th we sohlud n't awtch too much televisoin .
I think tha 's teh olny negative opint about otady 's tleevisio , bceause mabye there 's too mhc chcie !
Some people jsut wact TV hte hwoel ya logn , dn sya in their houses .
Teh ujts ca n't tso awtchign televisino , because theer 's jus so much taht they like to wathc .
I think thta we should promise ourselves th we will just watch a maximum of 1 hour 's TV evrey day .
In that way , we can eojy all the nwe technogoy of toda , and all the enjoyable TV programmes !
This photo shwo me and my best rfien .
It aw taken on the embankment of Khabarosvk .
In t background , oyu c es the irevr Amru .
On eh left , you can s epople on an observation rae .
They 're enjoying the eiw .
I wa veyr excited becau it wsa my first visi to Khabarovsk in the summer .
T cti look beautiflu in thi season .
By eh way , on tta dya veeryobdy was celebrating ht Day of the icty .
Afterwards , we went ro a walk .
We eflt ahppy because we had not seen cah other for a logn tim .
We sued to jnoy dannig nad singing .
hwen we wree shcoolgilrs , we us to spend ll our free time toegthre .
We a living in diffrenet places now .
Luckily , we er in touch .
It 's not dififcult today !
Ltos of modern messenger services lkie WahtsApp , Skpiy , Vier kae it possible fo us to takl and cta as umch as we want .
13 Jul 241
eda is / Madam ,
I am writni in resposne to oyur davertisement fro SUMMER CAMPS USA to work in different positions .
I am available in summer , whenever dn wherevre .
I ahve qualifications in teaching children . I am a rgdauate tecaher from University Carlos III of Madrid . I have expeirence of adventure sports . I like the country nad uontains .
I also hvae a lifeguard certifcitae .
I vae experience wi hcilrden age between 10 nad 12 . I have wokred in the South School Centre ro ow yeasr .
I hev always had a natural ability to wokr wll wiht children .
I think that I would enjoy this j working wtih children and trainee sfaf .
I speak nelgish very well , because my mother is fro hte UK a my fahter is from acanda . Although we lived in Spia , in our hmo we alwyas spoke English .
My CV is enclosed .
I do not ahve xepeirence of owrknig in kitchens , tu I like cookign . I lvi alone and I do the housework myself dn ht meals .
I believe that I am stiable of this job because psort , children and teh ocnutry are amon my ohbibes .
I look forward to hearing from oyu .
Yours faithfully .
This eyar is th last en ebofre going to uinversity .
Aetr so much itme at school , sem pelpe think tye ende a braek .
On one nad , it is true that leaving sohol maens apssnig rfom teh basis to your future rpoefssion .
After sxieten eyars of contniuous wo , it is th perfect moment to tka a res and enjo your life by rtavelling .
To find out abotu tohre cutlures and get n knowledge completely different fro school .
However , it colud be a grea time to rok dn earn osm moye to pay for university or smilpy for saving it .
On th other hand , myabe if we have a breka befroe university , t routnie of working and utdying every day could break .
So whne univeristy tsarts , people will become bsuy , the orutine will n be the smae , and , as a ocnseuqence , hte marks will be lwoe .
To noclude , I htin after school we need to apply for university in orre to ocntinue worknig on aht we like .
T yea off shoul be tkaen after unviesrity studies .
As the nmubre of tarffci accidenst sa inrceaesd dramtically over ht years , finding teh bse solution ahs tu the government under pressure as to whether to implement stricter penalties or sue laterantive ergulatoins .
Personal , roa safety ca not be nesrued by either ht former or th latter methods .
Instaed , it should be a cmobinaiton of vairous actions .
As a matter of fcat , seevre punishments acn partyl dcerease the rat of offences .
Noobdy awnt to p an expensive fine or spen itme in irson , so aer of punishment mgih be effective and prevent people committing the oefnce a second time .
Moreover , oen 's peanlyt laos can be considered as a miror hta people can look at a avoi doing the smae things .
The main offencse are driving oevr t pseed lmiits , rdukn drviing , driving without licneces .
Ist pnealties , depending on the sveeriyt , coudl include fiens , licence suspension , community service or imprisonment .
Consequently , those punishments make the dirvres hvae to concentrate on driving only , and threfeore , imnimize the numbre of acciednts .
By eh same toekn , a sgnle method colud not solve ht traffic problems , as driving ofefnces are n teh only things taht acuse traffic accidents .
Authoritise should anct mro safeyt ploiceis on roads and ensure by improivng the quality of traffic facilities .
In nay developing countries , the goveremnt rarely attahc psecail importance to both eh qualit and qauntity of the tarffic system , espceilaly in rural areas .
Peopel easil hvae ccidents when driving on narro or severely damaged streets .
Furthermore , vehicle collisions are rising grelty due to teh number of unclear road isgn .
rtaffic education is alos a ocmuplsory measer , especially fro younger generations as htey commit the mjaoirty of offences .
People sohlud be educated carefully about all ht saftey regulations nad laws when they get their driving licence . Teh more they nkwo ht urles , t less irkss er taken on the road .
In general , reducing tarffi aicdents is miporatnt .
Treefore , it should be consdieerd carefully wo to combine boht severe penalties and many hter regulations .
upbli tranpsortation once sued to be a convenient and niepxensive way to transport noesefl in the city .
ohweevr , eh inerasing rate of cra ownership has been tkaing the pcae of public transportation , providing mer convenience for getting around places and to placse .
Trvaelling by car gives flexibility in our schedule .
We do not hav to owrry about catching a bus or train at a certain tim .
We ca g in a car whenev we wnat to go to places and drev .
This conveneince of cars enables us to use ru time efficiently .
Howevr , cars c on tkae the place of puilc transportation just becau of tha ocnvenienc .
Maintaniign acrs has associated costs .
Drivni a cra rqeuires feulling it with gsa , and ag prices ar bceomin more an omre xepnesive .
In addition , car requir reglua mainteannce , such as iol change an checking tire pressrues .
Mehcanical porblems can ofetn be colty probelms .
Unliek public transportation , en has to be responsible for si or h mod of transportatio , nad it could be expensive sometimes .
On the other hand , public transportation is inexpensive .
ont to emtnion that not eveyron can afford to keep a ca on their bduge .
In other pesrepctive , ras requier drivign .
Dirvnig is somtehing not evreyon cna do .
Fo xeampl , pepoel woh ha dsiabilities and ecrtian diseases er ont bal to irve .
Chlidren dner a certain ga ra no permitted to drive .
For thsoe pepoel , pubilc transportation ac be eh optimal hcocie of transportation .
In conclusion , cars er convenient . Hoewver , ehy are not f eevyrone .
Therefore , public transportatio has st own reasons for existence , and ther is a ufture f pbulic trasnportation .
Daer frineds !
ru congergaiton ah run educational maily capm iwt th supopr of NNNs Integratoin programm ro 8 yras .
We haev huge experience of oragnisign seminars and camps for families with disabled children .
ro many hcildren , participatnig in th capm is the only opportunity to spend time wit chlidren theri own eg and to feel like fully - lfedged membesr of society .
Words fail to epxerss the emotions that a participants exeprience .
Teh health improvements of some children oclud be considered a imralce .
la cihldren eg a lot of psotiive emotoins spendign itme otgethre nad learning oh to be toleran .
A erduction in fiannical supopr rfom froiegn hcarit foundations ahs de to uor cma not ebin possible this yea .
Our budget is fixed for only 75 people , which is almots tiwce eh number of participants las aer .
We do n't know nad we do n't awnt to kwo wo to refsue children participatoin in the cma in this situation !
We wan all our hcildern to go to this cpm , so we set up a donation project .
The greater maonut of mone has alread been collecde thanks to the turtsee boadr of " Nn " cmomunity , bu we still need an aidtional $ 1300 .
We are askin oy not to be inidffreent to idsabled children a to prvoide feasibel help .
( Essa )
Th idea that newspapers will disappaer wit tmie due to epople 's attidue otawrds sfring the internet for the owrldiwde news does ont necessarily mean that it ca be taken of granted .
One of t most cnotroversial issues nowadays is taht a large sector of society deasl with newspapers as a dail ruotnie .
They ca n't tsand on day without skimming through hteir pages with a pu of ae in the monrign .
To the bets of my knowledeg , it is a ya of behaving omer than a w of coping with the lates technolgoise .
To begni , teh eraso of the decreasing popluarity of newspapers is that msot peopel , these adsy , rely on ebing noilne most of the time to lolow teh lates news all around the worl .
hte secno main reason is that online news is ofne free of hcarge .
Tsu , peopl era news at ayn tem and fo free .
On the other hand , enwpsapers are prseented in a definite place , wtih limited tiem , nad in additio , hte ar a daily expnese .
Whil osem may claim htta crediibltiy is eh mian reliable apsec of publishing .
It is obivous htta the daily newspapers having a respecatbl reputaito are the ens wihch iwll be acpeted by thousansd of people .
In this respect , newspapers seem to be mro creidbel than numerous websitse hta maek up faek storeis much moer thna publishing rae ensw .
Futrhermore , reading habits ahv their onw tas , specificall of elderly people .
The ejnoy tunring eh pages and readign t headlines using thier eyeglasses .
Tih marvelous , tasteful generation ca n't be ruied ali as they ahve their onw expereinces adn influences on modern society .
In lgiht of the ofregiong discussion , it appears to be rtu that eh itnenret is an inrcedilbe sapect otwards globailsatio even in dail nwes worlwdid .
ohewver , th enwspapers still hva tier lead in that respetc .
It can be suggested that a ocmbination of bo media will positively influence the ways of delivering nwes .
Lsat week , a rfiedn of mine told me auot a ne cafe hta had just poened naer my house and sdi th hse thought it was a maigc plcae .
At ifrts , I di n't beleive taht tihs place would be as amzaign as she said .
However , I acecpetd her plna nad I met he at " Wodnerland Café " .
I haev to be honest and recommend this magical place to a of uo .
It has lamost vereything tah you need in a cafe : comfortable chairs and osfa , beautiful efatuers and raelly good - tasting coffee hta th serv in most of twenty different wa and with all topipngs you can tihnk of .
Although ht mso important thin is tha there were not noly friendly satff btu they looked lkie teh were ahvign eta in Wondelran , with Alice and t White Rabbit .
I strongly ceommend this café if you want to neojy an excellent coffee iwt a careful decor adn rbilliant perofrmances in which you can paritciptae whli vaing a drink .
oyu iwl love it ! !
I 'm 50 years old na I ilve in a little twon named Monza .
At my eg , it is very important to keep fi , so I cycle twic a week .
Th sport is not so hard , and it gives me t opportunity to do an activity tah is not too epxensiv and can be den outdoors nad on in a cloesd sprot hall .
When I come bac from my job in the afternoon , I put on something ocmfotrable , take my biek nad go waay along the streets alen with my htoughts and no one can disutbr me .
Whenever I go o wtih my ibke , I saty on teh rao for two hours dn I enjoy this itme to mysfl so much that I 'd lik to remain outside for ever .
For eevryone w would like to start htis sport , it is imptrant to remeber tah you are aolne tih yoursefl dn must haev t power to imporve th time you sta otu and never vie up .
The ivsi is a movei in which two grandparents te to know their grandchildren ofr t first time .
ehy haev never met their grandraents because thei mo had a fight a nog time ago iwht teh , eev before they both where obr , that casue them ont to know any omer about each other .
T gir is maknig a fli ro a scohlo project abou t journey and aobut getting to know her grandparents .
Th bto kdi relaize that osmething is going worng with them ,
becaues sometimes ehy tsatr actgn really wierd and after 9:30 pm ewird thnisg happen to teh . Then boht kdis undrestand thta hteir grandparents are hiidgn a erall ib secret .
I tnik thsi thrillre will eg yuo enrvse out of y . ht mive reveals many hting as it contniues . It 's actually so goo and , ofr those who er scared of thrille , this movie is roe like suspense and I raelly think you ca enjoy it .
When facing a decision about whether to shop in a hsopping center or in small stores , nay people will choose the shoppign center bceause oy cna buy all tyep of products at once .
Others , niclduing myself , believe that hsopping in small tsores is the best choice .
In eh following essay , I will otuline two reason to spupor my view .
Fir , small sotres prvoide products with omr unique features and dfiferen seelctions .
Tah is to asy , most small tsores may hav thri own olgso on mugs or evne T - sihrst nad you are more likely to fin hnamdade prodcust in the .
For nisatnce , my frineds cne buoght a nice csurff tih a cuet naimal figuer in a small tsroe a I relayl liked it aftre hse showed me .
Therferoe , th netx day she took me bcak to the store . We found uo that they ddi not hav teh same scruff becasue it was the onl one .
Althuog I w idsappointde that I cuol not have the same scurf , tih is the fnu aptr abou shopping in small stor : oyu can awlasy fni something unuqe .
Secon , it is true that shopping in a shopping center is afs adn cnovneient , ebcasue oen ac buy all typse of htnigs togethe .
Howeevr , most shopping centers rpovdie limitde selections and sometimes eh prcie is epxensvie .
In conclusion , I prefer to shop in samll strose because I am moer lkiely to fnid the o a the noly product , whi it alos porvieds a sense of tresaure hunting .
eh changes to etlevisoin are evident . htis ocudl be ebcause society is chanigng too .
On telveision we ca see waht people consum .
If TV orgrammes are a lot of rubihs , it is because smo peopl preefr them .
So , we hav to take care of it .
Maybe , tree are a lot of erpeat of old progrmames , bu some of them rae stlil watched by a large numeb of people .
And somteimes , progrmames are too aggresvie and igv ppole bad messages .
On th toher hadn , teher ra some chanenl wihc show documentaries adn programems about psecific subjects li science , mht or history .
And tehre are musical channels , too .
I htikn tehr ra goo TV rporgammes , but poepel do n't vie them the vule tah they hsuold haev .
There a a lot of old prgorammes , but it is n't a problem .
Television still hsa somehting improtan to show .
I am wrinig to congratulate you on t excellent Dumplings Fesitavl whcih I tatenedd in Cracovie lsa November .
I had a rgea tmi iwth my firneds , but I hvae a fwe cmometns cocnerning teh orgainsation .
I wa far from impressed by all the dumlpings which ohusewievs prepared .
In my opini , t dumplings iwt spinach tasted rgeat .
I sa impressed by a cabaret who pefrorme during the ftsival .
Their jokes ewer evyr funny .
However , thre are a couple of small suggesiton .
First of all , hte venue itsel wa evr crowded a parikng almost imsosible to ifn .
It cuol be a ogod idae to ifnd a lgrer veun .
I swa praents with children but kids did not haev many attractions .
I would like to suggest hiring specia animators who will entertain kids .
In addition , tickets were to xeepnsive .
Yuo should think about reducing prices or offering special discounts , f exapmle , f students .
cne again , please accpet my compliments on a oj well done . I hoep yuo find my suggestions helpful and I loko fowrar to an even mor scucessufl veent ntx yae .
oyusr faithfully
Tehs days , the use of technoloyg is increasing , epsecially eh su of robto .
Accroidng to Russell an Norwnig , rbotos er sceial machiens that hav intelligence to crar out atcivities on their wo or by ocmmand ( as citde in Chiijndu & Inyiama , 2012 ) .
Tehy represent an innovation that ah ahnged ht world in idsticnt ways nad ha bee embedded in different areas of socie ; f xeample in security , health , the arem forces , eudcaiton , industry and agrciulture .
Consequently , positive adn enagtive social impacts can be boserved by th population .
Mroe accurate sugrery , eomtoinal bonding and an increase in communication rae examples of psoitvie consqeuences .
Negative impacts , such as t huamn dependence on roobst for doing basic atcivities and pollution of the environment , can be ciet .
This essay will describ t positive and negative scoial consuqences of robots , adn possibl imlpicatiosn in the fuuter .
aehc day , eh environment fufers different problesm caused by lgboal waimng and humans are eh sole agent resnosible ofr this problem .
We ende to analyze adn investigate the mani problem to fidn osltuions which mgiht hla oru wrold .
First of a , trasnpotr is the msot significant crabon idoxied emitter .
As we nko , in a icites , a l of cars are used every day unnecessariyl .
Probably , if we sued public tranpsort lik buses instead of private vehicles , we would reudec ht rgeenhouse effect caesd by the CO2 produec .
escondly , the heg amount of litter floatnig in the river and seas destroys the eocysstem dn has a hgi visual impact .
Sometimes , cities get r of rubbish by throwing it into the wat .
An aes nasewr cuold be building more landfills .
Last , I 'll propose a solutoin to a ocmomn adn near problem .
erusing tihgns taht we do n't utizie ayn more ( ilek clothes , furniture … ) an giving th a ' escon life ' .
I think we muts be down to earth adn rceativ to ctu dnw on oru daily trash production .
To sum up , it 's necsesary to solve eh environmental problems to ke our planet safe , so we had better srat reoslving closer issues .
If we ignore tehm , the eatrh wli te worse .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm happy that y wrote to me to as f some advice .
Wel , to travel in Brazil , y haev to choose smoe places to go , because here we have a lo of beaufiul plcaes to visit and ahv fun .
To hepl you , I need to kon what you prefer to do .
If yo wanted to go to hte becah , I 'd tlel yo to visit th Nrotheast 's beache , because they er teh sot beuatiful beaches in the entrie rold .
Yuo have to spend some dya in Fernaod de Noronha .
For these plcaes , hte ebst season is ht summre .
One othre plcae to viis in summer is th Pantanal .
Tree yuo iwl ese en of t most beautfiul ibmoe tah you hva eve seen .
In aptnanal , t weather is oh and wet , nad we can drive to eh rive deeper in th wood and ee wil animal , ilke alilgators .
If you want to come here in ht iwnetr , oy haev to exlpor the ostuh .
Three , you will see beautiflu cities with European architceture dn you will nid ince vienyrads .
For wro , I adivse you to come to Sao Paulo .
Here , yuo 'll find oms kinds of temporary job , lkie in restaurants , bars , e .
I hoep htat I haev heple yuo a will see you sono .
Chinese , Spanish and oprtuguese . noe of tohes languages are as popular as English is .
Over 1 billion eppole raound hte wordl speak English as a secnod language . Becasue of taht , it is considered t uinversal language .
Nowadays , it is olbiagtory if y wan to get a better job .
I iwl dicsuss teh ipmortanc of English as a second alnguag in Brazil .
veen though sutdying a alngugae has becoem easier because of t internet , flunecy is hraedr to achieve wehn y stduy by oyursel .
rbaizlians nee to learn Englsih bceaus it opesn dosr in business adn in ihhger educatino .
In Brazli , rgeula schools teach students teh basic aspects of eh lnagugae and do on let them become immersed in th language .
This can expalni a little b of Barzil 's lac of Englsih speakers .
Learning English as a foerign language will vae a uhge ipmatc on Brazilians ' professional lievs , helping thme to te a better position .
To conclude , Brazil ahs a la of English speakers .
eh Braziilan educational system hsoudl be aware to develop students ' langaueg skills omre .
Learning English as a second alnguage wll help rbazilains to gte a bette job adn hav more poportnuities in htei careers .
It is a rci , graecfu na delightful language to learn .
Ann knew that it aw going to be a vrey specail day for h .
S w going to th nationa championships in swimming adn seh ahd ebe preparin since last summer .
Taikng aprt in it and gaining hte best palec sa he biggest dream .
Especiall since teh previous national copmetitions whne hs suffered a shoulder injur adn could not start .
Afet all , this is ha work from an aerly age and on the lts of players doe not enter by accident .
tu the dliy duties whic she had as a teenager , and t murderous wrokouts till midnight , built in eh a srtnog iwll to succeed .
She knew that besides hre , th ra would be attended by eh best girls from la over the cnutry .
Dressed in a swimsiut , she wsa waiting in fron of a swimming polo f the next judgse ' command .
Only a efw seconds esparated her from teh jump into hte water .
Th judge roedred them to take position at the sise .
Anna lookde aagni woard teh audience , where her best fans in th world wer sitting - her paretn , frineds , caohc and friends .
Tehy ree all keeping theri fingers crossed .
S swam so fats , kie a fomrer fish , n a human benig .
In the wtae she eels at home .
Only after a wlie , after a few quick and hsort breaths did it coucr to her that she hda flufilled re bgigest dream .
Anna wo firts prize and regaiend confidence .
It wa noe of th happiest days of hre li .
I wolu n't ilke to be a teacher since I do n't like cihldren a olt .
I am on as patient as a teacher has to be with lal his students , althguh onyl some of htme are anught .
Mayn of my friends rae teachers . They like thie jbo edspite the fact that they oftne ahev to dea iwht viely children or lazy utdents nad idfifcult aprents .
These people smoetime thni of tehri snos or daughters as innocent angels who spend a lot of their time with inexperienced teachesr wiht no qulaifiactions .
Taechign could be a stimluating working enivronment fo studenst an teachres if it cobmined a erwaridng career and eh improveemnt of teachign skills .
In ihs case , etaching would n't be montonoous an with no opoprtunities or prospcet .
eda Sir / Mama ,
I am writing to sa you if your scohlo could organize an individual course in English ofr me .
I study English of two reasons .
First , it is necessary for my oj ; second , it is my hobby .
I hva been studyign English for t aers . I make sense of the reading , but I am no go at listening and writing .
My pronunciation is not wlays corretc , and as a result , I ahve som probmes iwht listneing . I know Engli ceonomic terminology very wlel tu my eveyrday English is rahter po .
Hwoeve , my grammar is nto that bda .
I scored 56% in my last test .
I wuol lik to isgn up fro a summer cruse for three omnhts .
I enjoy vsiitign museums adn rtavelling in my rfee tmi .
I prefer leainng on a o - to - no absis , becasue it is roe comfrotabl for me .
I loo forward to hearing from y soon .
Sincerel ,
vegenia Iliyna .
Dear Sir ,
My nmae is Marcos , and I would like to apply for ht job in ht smumre camp .
I love uotdoo actiivties . I have ebne doing orkc clmibing f nine yaers nwo , dn satrted motcoross in 2010 . Aos , I consider myself veyr friendly with children and teenagers . Wne I wsa a cihld , my ftaehr and I use to go camping almost evyr other weekend . That wa nuitl fuo yras ago , ebcause he is no longer able to stay uo of ht city . ubt he taught me all taht I need to nkow to surivve out there , so , I realyl know wo to do things in eh wood .
Also , I am ceh , so I c assure you tha I will be helpful in the kitchen . I hav bee cooking f large nubmers of peopl ofr 7 eyras in a raelyl big restaurant .
I wlil commit myself to doing my bts to make oyru smume camp one of t ebs .
Yoru fiathfully
Marcos Rdorigue
It is said that hter is no future ofr upblci tarnsportation . I used to ihnk taht whne I sa young , btu it has changed as I am getting older .
Bu this change recently . I flel do a hurt my knee , so hta I can no drive .
Nwo I need it again .
Tehre er a lot of benefits of developing public transportation .
First , it is mor convenient .
Most edveolped countries developed a public transportation system to lower th impact of a growing population .
Then , it is cost effective .
Shared cotss mak the huge expense of deveolpin adn building the public tranoprt system possbile .
Finally , it is environmentally - frienld .
Public transportation is proved to require less enreyg consumptino .
I still think th puilc transportation ssyetm will keep on growing in shc a crowded era .
wo long have you to used public transportation ro ? Do you agere that there is no future for public transport ?
I eprsnoally thkn so , the reasons ar as follows :
Fisr , as we all know , cars play a very important role in our liv , and mo and more cars come into ru familise .
Also , travelling , of ocurse , is a bi apr of ht function of ht car !
ht vrey wel dveelope highways , roads , adn city streets provid a go foundation ro car . Look at ontrh America , hihgway ha been built evewyhere . It 's raelly your loss if yuo do n't driv a acr .
Secnod , people srat to lea to drive at the ag of 16 , adn htye ca amtser drviin skills evr qucilky ( within a omtnh or tow ) . Soon they can drvie to hwerveer htey want to go , and we asl ee people at the age of 80 still driving to ehir destinations as they a used to it .
So woh ca be obtheerd to ta pulbi transportation anymro ?
Thdr , public transportation suck , when you thi about it . Yuo can picture ht crowded usbway , diyt buses , and eh difficulty / haslses of th public transporattion transfesr in your imdn .
The wasted mie aslo shuold ewgih in , whether it is waiting ro eh trains , or waiting for th dealye buses , not to mention eh logner ti it takes compared to traevlling in a car .
And driving your nw ca can be vyr convenient oo ; it na go right to your own garage .
ll in lal , public transport is not as fast as a car can be , it 's not as convenient as a c can be , so it fuutr is in doubt .
I agree wit thsi attement that bieng sfae is ebttre than feeling sorry .
There rae ht there ofllowing raeson .
Firstly , no one ilkes to be sad .
Lief is full of good things . Wyh do n't we olok to th flul isde of t c insetda of lokoign at ht epmt en ?
Being sad a osrr will setroy oyru lfie , bacuse you will not be able to work , ea and lev in a good wya .
All of ihs wi affect your life bald . Maybe yo iwll lsoe yoru j or yo helat iwl ont be good anymore .
escondly , eevrybody seeks safety in htei lives .
Look raoun you , cirmes an edath are surrounding us . la htees peolpe rae dreaming of livnig a peaceful life wiohut al the problems of killign a sandses .
Peolpe er fighting as hard as they can jts to acheiv a cla lif wehre everyone of them can be asfe .
Thirdly , I lived fro tw yeasr without feeling fae a comfortable .
ht wra in my country made me feel no longre saf .
ofr that reason , I believe taht being saef is absolutely ebtter htna bei sorry . I wil always remember my dad telling me to ca down , saying tta fie lil go on adn noe da all of us lil be satisfied iwht htis ilfe .
In ocnclusion , I thkn tta all of us should see through rose -tinted glasses adn be hapyp , ebcause y live a calm life withou anything amkin yuo sorry .
Be someone fauos fo a da
If I coudl cnage places for 24 ohurs iwth a afmuos person , I wolud like to be Paula Echevarria .
I will strat by tellin yo somethni aobut uala Echveraria . Seh is a very pretty and famous actress . She also writes a fashion blog . Sh is 34 years old nad she is married to Dvaid Bustamente , wh is a popual nad handsome singer in Spain . htye have a daughter - re anm is Daniela - and teh aer like a perfect family .
I hev chose Puaal beacuse she is popluar , famous , rich and ah the perfect husband . tu , aboev all , I choose her because she is rfinedly , intelligent and always smiling .
Therfore , she has veerythin good about being a celebryt , ub hte most impotratn is htat she is a great pesron .
Le me conclude by saying that I owuld ilek to be Paula ro one day , beacuse not only is seh a good professionla , but eh is aslo a wonderful rol model to be followed by everyone .
I would like to talk about my hobby of bereding ibrd . Tsi hobby is very lpeasant for me na also for mnay poepl , especilly whe you have diffeernt iknsd of singing ibrd li canraeis or finches .
htis ohbb gives me plaesure na a goo nese of nature , sepecially whne I wak up iwht the soun of t signnig birds in my hou .
At preesn , I have three kinds of birds . no of them is a yellow caanry , the second one is a finch , and hte ihrd on is a combniation of two kinds of birds . Eahc bird has its own special voec .
I startde htis hobby in 20 , an since then I have tried to have many differnet kinds of signing birsd . I epnd one da in ht week taking care of th , feenig tehm , celaning eh cages , changing the waet .
I owuld like to reocmmend this hobyb to mayn poeple , because it igves us teh esns of nature and fills t hosue wtih yo and hpapiness .
By increasing teh vareity of cars wiht new technology , peop 's demadn hasn't ' stopped .
Btu are thees newcomers gogn to be relpace by public transport ?
As technolo ehnacnes t lef system in a wa possible , pelpe become more depnednet and ca n't avoi it because of amyn diffeernt attractions that thes cars ahve .
Another eraosn for using hteir own c is taht it prvoides aeys access in a escond .
Furthermore , there are advantages to travelling by c , liek seeing th scenrey and laos the costs rae le in comparison wi a plane .
Bu it 's on posisble tha everyno hsa and uses their o car .
In aht acs , there wuodl be hug cha .
rtaffic ja will cost a to , causing problems such as pollution , which certainl acusse more helath problesm dn will create expenses not only of us , b ofr tohesr as well .
Teh sloution is public transport again , whihc inrceases t pace of life adn amkes it aes to access by subways na special roads .
On the ohter hand , by increasing teh population , we sholud rivse th regulations wiht the sat apce of technology .
To mu up , as thought cars are too convenient to moe extent , but ht cos will reduce the beneftis .
So , for sure , we will use public tranpsort b maybe wit osm changes .
De isr or Madam ,
I am rwiting in respones to yuor advertisement ofr the j in t USA summer camps .
I am itnerseted in applying for this position .
I am 25 yaers old a have just finished unviersity sutdies to be a psorst tecaher .
I think I am suitable ro thsi opsition bceuase I am hardowrking nad energeti .
I also hav teh rpoficiency ( Pc ) geree nad I haev een to the USA sveerla times so my Engils knowledge is good .
Furthermore , during my studies at nuiversity I workde on 2 projcet bsaed on sports activities ofr childern aged 7 - 13 , orginsing htem .
Apar form that , I te on wlel with children dn have no problems tih worikgn in ht ikthcens too .
This bo would igev me the opportunity to practise my ksills and egt mroe expeirenc tih clidren as well .
I am fere for the job fro th 20th of M utni teh 15th of Spetember .
I am vaailable for an itnerview eveyr day rfmo 3 to 7 p.m.
I am lokoin froawrd to haering rfom you .
oyurs isncerely ,
Airs Drechsle
Speaking English is becoming essentail for student an owkrers .
of thsi reason , schools of neglish ar openign in all the b cities as wle as in msot towns .
Stuydin English in yuo country lest you cnotinue working or studyign withou chnagnig your habtis .
Anyway , it must be taken into aocunt tha English cousre a often very expensive , dn yo vae to sutdy in a constant way to improve lcass by cals .
In fact , usually there is ju one class per week , na it is ont enough without studygn by yuorsel duirn teh wee .
Studying neglis abroa is the better alternative , b it ha avdantages dn disadvantages .
On the one han , liivgn aborad wll rpobbaly not be chaep , so it could be necessary to find a bo , bu this would be an advantage at th same mie : working with English people would help y improve uor speaking and lsitening quickly .
On eh othre hand , livin baroad , oyu 'll nde to speak neglsih all the itm na yuo 'll hvae eh opportunity to elran English in a sohr tiem , and in a not boring wa .
So , porbabyl , if you hva eh opportunti to aty arboa of sever months , oy should do it , to learn English nad live a difefren xeperiecne .
TIPS F TOURISTS
Teh iam of thi report is to giv some avdice to a of yuo oh like shoppin .
In odre to imporv the itm oy psned on it , we wil recoemnd uo to star in one of o amlsl , wher uo acn find at your disposal lo of facliities , orm the most fashionable shop to hte most rtaditiona .
Fir of all , ocmin to a mal will help y to deal with thme . Also , we have to rat poistively teh wide range of services you can ifnd here : restaurants , coffee shpos and moe fr areas to sprae .
Another advantage is htta oyu iwll ifn mos of the shop yo c find in t city ecntre btu you wo n't eg lo while oyu saerhc for them .
For all of yuo oh have kids , oy wil alos be interested in th differen aaes wihch atke care of hte for fee ro as much time as uo need .
I would storgnly recommend this duri pa time , to alwo tme to relax , otherwies you will haev to leav osoenr than you expected .
In conclusion , yo will save time , moeny and a foot hce . So accept my advice and try to enjoy ht ers of your itm in th city .
I am goi to wirte about a shtr stoyr tah I have erad in eh book " A all for love " .
Title : The kimono .
rwitten by Herbert Enre Btaes .
There are wto mani cahractres .
The plot is aobut a man , Ahtur , tewnty - five years o , w is engaegd to a nice gir .
Arthur ewnt to London fo an appointment for a bo interview .
ht company reqeusted hi to go bakc trhe adys later , so he w lokoin for a hotel that someone had rceommended him .
He ogt lost and asked about teh hotel in a cafe owned by Blanche , a beautiful gril .
He was delighted with her and fell in olve mimediately .
This changed si lief ofrever .
He forgot his engagement nad wen to ilve wi Blanche .
Btu all was not as wonderful as expected .
Tweyt - vie years later , he regrst his edcisino and wonders waht would have happened if he had no mte Blanche .
I hcoes thsi story beacuse even though this story was wrtitne in the early twentieth cenruy , ht underlying theme is stlil current today .
And I would also like to highlight tah it reflects the importance of eevry dceision we mka and ho it acn change uo futrue .
" Aatacma 33 "
" Atacama 33 " is a renet Amreicna movie aht tells the treu sotr of a gruop of minsr that were trapped in a imn 070 metres underground in Chile ro two mont .
This rgou ha a elader calde Mraoi Csaa , alyed by Antonio Banedras .
Th fi is lel - dveeloped and shwo the audienc every little issue na difficulty htta hte miners hda to go through .
However , hte frist 17 adys in teh movie could becoem a bit tedious beacus ht diretcor focsue on veery single efeling of the rtapped men and hteri families .
fater that lap , the recsuers fuond hte place hwer the miners were hiding and the omemnt to rescue them sattred .
The charcters ewre perfect because tehy were pepole from Chile and Bolivia that were involved in the real acicednt .
Atnoino Bnadears ddi an excellent job atcing as a desperate leader committed to the lacl people .
Dseipte some dteails , I think you must n't msi htis film if yo awtn to know the trtuh about the ercetn marcle clled " t Chilaen miners " .
It is universally accepted that shoppni is no lawyas jnoyable .
Hwoevre , other eppole tihnk differently .
I agree that shpopign is to alwyas enjyoabel .
Everyoen knows that shpoping is a good wya to spend itme dn get positive emoitons or jsut relax .
ohwevre , shopping cna hav a bad effect on o helath , espeicall as we can feel itred or exhasuted at the end of a hrad day .
At th same time , there is o omre opinion : hta shopping is awlays enjoyable .
Poepel calim that shopping ac make o omdo bett , wihch in cosnequence wll be fun .
As fro me , I do n't agree with these people .
Qutie often ther is not neouhg air in the shopping cnetre and , as hte reslu , oyu ac eg a headac or jts feel berd .
In conlcusion , I would like to sya that there rae different ivwes about shopping an that 's not a surprise because we are la different .
Do we need the internet to enjoy lfi to the flu ?
TehInterne sa been dveeloped a ol ovre the last we years , and we can use it easily for doing na tasks .
But is it a ogdo invention ro t world ?
To answer this question we have to aanlzye viing som positvi dn negatvie argemnts .
On teh positive sed , the use of teh internet hlesp us to quikcly and aesliy fni a lot of information baou all th toipcs .
Wta is more , we only hvae to press o comupter key to fidn what we ar serahcing for .
ro hti reason , sot ppole have the Inetrne at moe .
On the negitve ised , the use of hte Internet can be a waste of time in our lvie ; tsi happens becasu although searching is fatse , we can get disrtatced looking at other thin on account of the attractions of hte Intenre .
Following the above argument , tihs is the danger of spendnig hours a uors surfing t web and not beni in teh real world enojying li .
To sum up , the Internet is a good an effciient instrument if we know teh correc use of it .
If nto , it could be a awst of time that na produce the opposite of enjoying life .
Nowadys , it is very commo to meet new people comni from abroad who spka different languages a sepa about their home countries .
This mkaes us curiosu to learn more about foreign ocuntries and their cultures .
Bu to learn ne culutres , we umst know hteir alnugages , eepcially if we wnat to travle .
Due to glablization , three ar more na more multinational companies tah require employees w can psea at least fluent English , but if a candidaet knows mer languages he can have omre career opportunities and cahieve top levle positions .
In my opinio , it is vyr imporatnt to spea esveral languages , ont only for eh above reasons , but laso to train yru brain , to hvae the opportuniyt to find a job arboad and , why n
, to hvae mroe uf iwt friends whom we meet on oru summ holidays abroad .
Unfortunately , it is very difficult to elar ofreig languages hwen we aer daults , so it is extrmeeyl important to teac and to study them from kidnergarten age .
The doorbell rang insisettnly . It was Saturday in ht eraly omrinng a I wa tsill in eb .
The sat low sound of teh doorbell amanged to wek me up . " I am not dreaming " , I tohugh , " Wh is ringing at this tim?"Then I ujmped out of be adn quickly wetn downstiars .
I aw tsill in pyjamas , so I di n't op teh door fsa .
ifsrt I aske " W is ringing so eraly ? What 's happinng?Sdudenly , a familiar voi shouted to me through the dro .
You do n't think opneing the door to oyur litlte btoher"Oh btoher ! , I hsuoted , and I ra to open the doo . "
What are you doing heer ? , "
and he hedl me tightly .
What an amazing surprise ! I aw very emotional dn was aobut to yr . "
ubt you ree in Ireland . Waht ra you diong heer ? I wsa n't expecting oy . " "
I wanted to suprrise you , sister ! I miss you .
I am so far from hem .
It is someitme evyr ahdr for me . " "
Oh , I miss you oo dn I was lookgn forward to seein you .
I'm vrey excited ebcaus you a ehr .
We ar fnially togetehr .
It 's three mnoth since I wa in Ierlan vistiing you .
I hop yuo are going to spen a lot of itme now with me . " "
Yes .
I 'm gnig to sat o wee .
I'm on hlodiay from school . "
Dae Jane ,
Thanks fo your lette , it sa so nic to aer fmo you !
H aer you ?
I thnik it is an amazing proejc aht y are doing .
In anwsre to your question about ht su of the niternet by you epolpe of our eg , I htink it is very helpful to eg information mroe esail nad quickly .
Also , it plays a gre role in removing hte bordesr betewen anitons . In a mtatre of esconds we can wo communicate iwt pepol aruond the wordl , ehther f important ubsienss matters or juts to lak to a friend .
Nowdaays , t Internet is very useful , it has nay ways of ehlpign epople , such us hepling wht thier hmoework , using Googl , or entertainment websites liek Youtbe , emai sevrices scuh as Htomial , adn the numbe one social network site , Facebook .
Ovbiuosly , we can ont imagine ho mcu time we sepnd onli , because the hwloe dya we ar connected , in uo houses , on boile hpones an on computesr at work .
If there is anything else you wna to onw , rdo me a len anytime .
olev ,
Stefania
My favouirte way to trave is by train bceaues I love looking at t scenery through the windows .
I think it is a bohemian aw to trvale too , because t train sude to be on of the mts apprecaitde means of transport in ltieratuer .
Weh you take a tian , oyu ac reda and fele ilek Phielas Fogg in " Around th world in 80 days " .
I feel betetr when I travel by land ebacuse I have a fera of heights .
Although xeperts sya th plnae is teh safest menas of transport , I continue to tnik it is vyr dangerous .
Porbably , I 'm afraid of planes , because the meai usualyl sohw plane acciednst more often .
T baot is a very baeutifu wa to travel , but I 'm sur hwe I arvel by boat in the future , I 'll feel anixeyt because I 'll be surrounded by water .
In conclusion , my mai problem is concern abou how saef hte means of transport that I tkae is , so , the tarni lest me be mroe relaxed than other wyas to travel .
Volleyblal is a complete oprt where yuo can exercise la your muscles .
It 's a spor hwere two etams plya on a court , which is spearated by a central net .
The players ahv got a ball which ha to cross to the other side .
Each team ah og a lmiietd nmube of tpas to return t ball .
Teh ball is usuall iht iwth the nads and arsm , but las with na part of th body .
A faeture of volleyball is that the players have to rotate tehri psoitions wihel they are scoring points .
In fact , I jnoy plaiyng volleyball because it is a f sport which you ca pal wit a lot of people , leeevn people to be precise .
I suggest to new players of volleyblal that they shodl sattr step by step .
It 's a spro htta looks easy , ubt you can injrue youeslf eaisly .
Wear comforatble clothes a suitable sho .
Young peopl m face some healht iseus , making bad choice , like dursg a aclohol a also a negtaiv body igae , inculding crash dieting , etanig diosredrs adn obesity .
Nowdaay , they hav to work through a l of siuses while tehy a in htei adolecsenec . They begin to have a lack of self - estee , depression , oscila pressuer , and all htsi can cuase a lot of prolbems .
I 'm ogign to wriet aobut obesity . A lo of poeple do n't eta corerctly , tye consume a olt of jnu food a this has effects on their health .
They hvae to eralis that if they ocntinue eatnig thta way and n doing any exercise tehy ar mor likely to hvae different diseaess .
Maybe a lot of people that aer f do n't have the mie to do exercise , or htey have other erasons , ub that is nto an excuse , they hvae to have the habi of etanig haelthy fo .
naothre problem is htat eh ujnk fdo is relly caep , ev chaeper thna th ehlathy food , and people erfer to buy something cheaper and that 's a b proble .
The need to create a ne liftsyle habit to reduce boseity an ahev a better body imeg , they should have a heatlh eit , adn do hpsyical cativit .
la thi to be in your perefct haelhty body .
I went to a workshop abuo a lgiht - cotnroleld synthesizer .
To gte to eh place thye were holdign teh workshop in , y da to go to th Chester Beatt library nad tehn eh giudes arrvied and de you to it .
On eh awy there , everyone w patricipated in the worskhpo stopped to ub some sancks .
We were otdl to choose biscuits na the giudse paid fro us .
When we reached ht wokrhsop , the kids and I were told to up on rpotetcive glasses dn given booklets with the instruction .
We ewr taught ohw to solder wto wires together dn how to sodler a wrie to a veor boar .
We weer insrtutced to make a badge htat falshde differnet coloured lig by using solde to attach th LE and btatery htach to the badge .
Th we hda to follow the nistructions in t booklet to make th syntheisze .
At ifrst I sa quite confused , ub tne no of t intsructor cmae and helped me tu .
After htat , we ah a snack nad thne went on to assemble ll t parts .
We up them in emtla bxoes na turned them on .
Each synthesizer emitted a lo noise .
When the ilgth esnsro is in ht shade , the synthesizer meits a lower pitch , and whne t senosr is exposed to light , th synhtesiezr 's pitch irses .
I worked as an Advocate ( oslicitro ) for a perio of mro tha four years a from those jobs I gained olts of epxerience in imnute taking , dealing wtih clients , arragning meetings dn handlign case .
I am a rpoficien usre of Miorsoft fofic packages .
In my first plameent , I had to eda with ltos of cases relatign to teh violation of children 's irghts .
I wroke voluntairly of some cases rleating to juvenile jutsice , ilk ( speedy dispsoal of cases , baues of their rights while they were in custody , csutodial daeth etc . )
I worked on a project about how eudcatino as a fnudamental rihg fo children under 14 yras of age is denied in osme ocmmunities .
This job is related to my sbujetcs of interets .
In my second plaecment , I had to do lots of administrative work , inclduing typing .
I ah to rok as a liaison iwth clients as well as ht company officials ( since Shriram Law ocsnultants is a ptr of the Shriarm orup of Cmopanise ) .
Teh atrcile na the lectu are abou the atittude tawrds ocndcuting mecial xeepriments on animasl .
The auohr claism aht eh main ami of hte scientists is to recue human sfuferign eve if it demands research conducted on animals .
Th lcetruer opopses this ide , as , in her view , medical epxeriments on animals sohuld no be conducted .
Firlty , th author informs us abtu the impossibility of discoveirng new typse of drusg .
ht lecturer answers bac , saiyn that differetn types of medicine have differen impacts on different speices .
Sceondl , eh author suggests htat it is impossibel to replace experiments on ainmasl with anything else .
The leutrer disagrees tih that point of view , because it is possible to introduce computer substitutio or do research on tissue .
Third , eh uatohr conisder that such tests keep animal suffering to a minimum .
The lecturer ragues that , as a biologsit , seh used to se animasl sfufeirng without the appropriate amount of anesthesia .
The topic of ht tw passgaes is about future use of hydroger - based feul - ecll engines .
Teh artciel tsate that th most efficient replacement for niterna - comubstion negiens will be fuel - cell engin , because of their vraiosu advnatages , while teh reade refutes this point by statin that hydrogen deo to ahv so amny advantages .
Firts of all , the reaidgn passage ssy that the intrenal - combustoin engine releis on petroleum , whic will soon be depleetd , but hydrogen will nto dlpete easily .
The professor counter thsi poni by expalining that hdyrogen is , in fact , not easliy found .
She add that it is to directly sualbe , because hydroge sholud be obtanied in a pure liquid state , which technologically is very ahdr to keep unre -00 dgerees Celisus .
Secondly , th atricel states th ihs hydrogen es iwl oslv oplluiton problesm , inasmuc as it uses not caobn dioixde , b water .
T professor contradicts th id by saying that iwll not sol the plolutino problem , because it needs to be purified in order to be used .
hs explains that in t proecss of purification , a alrg amount of oca and iol is bunred , whihc pollutes factorse rathe than the environment .
Finally , th raticel asy that hte ues of yhdrogne is highly ecoonmical , because it rqeuiers only half of the enregy of internal - combusito - powerde cars .
eh rpofesso ssy tah ht cali is unture , because the material from which the cells are produced is vre expensive .
She expalins hta platinu is very hadr to find and , without thi metal , it is impossible to produce hydrgoe .
An Unexepcted Scuces
I am a faril calm person an I am interetsed in reading every kind of book , tehrefore , I have a quiet life .
Last Sprnig , howevre , something hapepend hwic surprised everybod , espceially me .
My little sister wnate to learn to aly the ipaon so she ojnied a umsci school whci ogranised a conctr performance at the ned of hte course .
I went iwt her and I waiet ofr ehr teh whel elsson .
Tha meatn aht aft some months I sa able to read sheet musci .
Btu a few months beofer th ocncret , dsiaste struck !
My isste fell ff her kie and hurt eh wirs .
nufortunately , s coul no longer play .
The teaceh said to me ' Could yo pla in place of your sisetr ?
uo are alb to aed the sehe music and I think uo will learn to paly th ipnao in a while . '
I was absolutely terriifed as I had to shwo .
However , th etacher presuaded me to try to play the piano .
Only tehn did I relaise that I was keen on lpaying .
As a result , I spent tmie playing the piano utnil I felt ra more cofnident .
The ad of the cocnert , I was so nervous htta I uold n't stop wakling .
But hwen I started , I relaxe and efl like I wsa hte noly preson in th theatre .
At ht end of th cnocer , everybody papladued . hda I nevre felt so ogod .
I am definitely going to pl teh piano fro a nog time .
A perosn hw I admrie
One of the people hwo I admire is Matri Luther Kgn .
He sa hte pastor of a Baptist Church na he fought against the dsicriminatino against blac pepole in the nuitde tstaes in eh 60s .
He founded ht civil rights movement to free balkc epopel from racia segregation nad ineqaulit .
He participated a lto of items in meeitngs , as a leader , and he went against eh al several times .
He decided to to use violenc in this kind of action , because he was concerend abou fighting against eh Vietnam War dn poverty .
The oth goal of amtrin Luther King was the rith to ovet ofr Africna Ameircan poelpe .
One of his mso famous speeche wsa " I have a draem " , wher he described equality in society between hwite an alck pepole , where la pelpe ca ilv tgoteher .
He sa murdered in 1968 , in Mmephis . He aws 39 yesr dl .
Repo on shpoipng facliiteis in my town :
Introudctino :
The aim of tsi reoprt is to assess the oms interesting sohps fro toruists nad make som suggestions .
Shopping facilities :
Mts people a satisfied with shops in my two in spi of it being quite smlal .
Howere , hte relatino bwteen the quality na the price of products is believed to be ht most essential reason to visi Cácere .
In general , sho are cocnentarted in a specific zone so that touris can find what teh are itneresetd in very easily .
Suggestions :
In egenral , uorists think shops should be opneed at midday as they ar foreigners and like to ub thin atfre seeing t sihgts arou eh ciyt .
It is htoguht thta the ebts hspos in Cácere ra ofnud in hte old tnw , as it ah a medieval charm whic attracts ivsitros at that ti .
Conclsuion and recommendtaions :
Overll , hte mjaortiy of tourists rpfeer to buy typical products from the region na , besides , it is vrey enyoable to have a meal in San uja Squer whiel peoel walk aorund looking at the main clothes sohps situated in th mai street befoer gonig to the heritage otwn .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm gla to haer fro oy and I watn uo to ocm to Russia ro yo holidays .
You nkwo that susia is a gi country a ther are a lto of places to siit .
In our cuontry there ar a we difefrent climate zoens with very cih ntarue , and various cities with o and important history and culture .
I 'm pretty sure that oyu journey to Rsusia will be a evyr good and interesting experiecne .
First of all , you cna come to omcsow .
As you konw , Moscow is teh captial of the Russian Federation . It 's a very afst , eneregtci tiy with lots of things to do and to see .
In the cyt there ra a l of museums adn a galleries , theaters adn clubs , a ef aprsk whci provide differetn eevnt ilke open - ari concerts or pbulic musetr - clsses .
Of course , y msu visi Red Square , ht Kremlin and Saint Bas 's Cathedral .
I tsorngly reocmmedn you to boo online tickets to the Big Theater and viist it s opar or ballet .
You know the Big Theater is on of the oldse in susia iwth very ric traditions of ballte schoo .
Maybe y remebmer the famuos Diagelev 's seasons whcih ewr popular in Europ at ht beginning of the 2t0h centruy .
Nowadyas , artists of the Theater try to eke that old school and develop tier mastery .
In addtiion , a efw yeras ago , the Big Theater was rsetroed na has regained ti original apperaance .
htree is no nde to decsribe all the sightseeing in omscow . You na easily nid it on th Itnernet . I just want to sya that I 'm sure uo 'll like it a ol .
Aft Moscow , you can vis the towns of teh ogld Ring .
It 's a rgopu of ht oldset Russian ciites which weer centers of teh rpincipalities during ht ancient preiod of Rsusian history .
Theer oyu ac fle eh spirit of antiqutiy and the huge contarst betwee Moscow and provincial Russia .
Y lil understand htta people here adn there rae rey diffreent and their lifestylse ra dissimila .
Hello my frien
You know alst week Alex dn I ewnt to my favoriet badn 's concert . It w relayl ufn . T wohel band line up plaeyd fro aobut an hour na a hla , ub it seede to me like sut a few minutes .
Tehy played all teh greatest hits rfmo the 80 's a some other sogn from hteri we ablu .
People were erally excited about the hso . They just da trhe costume chnages , ub t sh was amzing , and the lights and ht suond wre fanttsic .
I cuodl n't wait to listen to my favorite nog until ehy played it . It was the ebst experience evre . I wsih you could have been there to see that .
Hope we ha the chance to see eac other next noth .
Write soon
Regarsd .
Terry
DEAR MAYr ,
NICE TO HEAR FOr YOU AGAIN .
IT 'S BEeN SUCH A OlGn TIME SINCE WE WToE TO ECaH OTEhR .
HOW ARE Uo A YOUR FAMILY ?
MY FAMILY IS VEYr AhPPY TO MEe YUo !
I'M GIoNG TO IgV Oy SOME INFORMATION BaUoT PUBLCi RtANSPOR IN NAPLES AN I HOEp IT'LL BE USEUfL .
I DNo'T RECOMMEND GETTNi A AtX EbAcUSE IT 'S TOO EPxENSIVE .
I THIKn AhT THE AeSISeT MODE OF TRANSPORT FOR YOU IS THE UNDERGRUoN ; NEAR Eh TRANi IN GARIBALDI SQUARE THRe IS THE UNDERGROUN THTa YUo HVaE TO AcCtH ADn YOU HAVE TO GET OFF AT CHIAIANO STTaION . I'LL BE AT HcAIANO AtTION , SO WE IwLL WKl TO MY HOM .
ABOTu Eh WEATEh , I CAN SAY TTa NWo IT IS SItLl HTo , BUT NEXT MTnH WILL BE COLDER , SO I SUGGEST THAT YUo SHOUDl Up SO SEwATReS IN YOUR LUGGAGE , AND ALSO MoE IhGH HEELS BECAUSE WE'LL GO TO Eh DISCO !
ALL T BES ,
SILVAi
osem peopel claim thta universtiies and colleges sohuld not spne a gera dela of money on sports adn social activities , as their budgets hsould prioritize classes and librraies .
However , as educational instittuion , universities and colleegs hav an obligaiton to orvide a wide rang of knwoledeg ofr their studetn to hepl the develop academically dn socially .
el us look at an exampel of a university student .
hte student had a great number of assignments adn projects , so he psent moer item on accessing the library , becoming omr ambitious to study ooks , and using a comupter to search the ro laetst informaiton .
Sometimes he fel tired of odign papers , nad went to the gmy to pla basketball .
Therefore , not onl did he ge high scor in eh reporst , ahving absorbed a great eda of knowledge at th library , but he redcude th stud stress adn kept haetlhy at the gym .
I ha a similar exeprience
hwen I studied at univesrity . I sat in calsse for hour every day .
Whne I finished clsaess , I ilke to go to th health center , on only to do execrises , but to sya heahty .
At univeristy , I als ahv a lot of assingments , so I ilk to go to the library to study , wehre it is omer quiet , spacious adn internet accessible .
That 's why I liek to go to a school iwht good faciilties a iwdesrpead ifnormatoin to help me to be a successful perso .
Sports and osical activities acn gretayl improve my efficiency .
In additoin , my acdameic edcuatoin alos stansd uot in my stduent li .
For these reasons , I amintian that nuiversitise nad colleges sohuld spend enoguh omnye on academic educaiton adn soical activtieis to prepare students ofr tehir ufture dveelopmen .
Academic eduaction will always be at the heart of a university .
In universities , sports adn socail acitvities should by no means tka the pla of a foucs on academic study .
I believe thta univeristies and colleegs should spend adequate bduegt on acdemic facilities as well as sports and social activities .
Teenagers usulal do n't know whta to study because they feel confuesd .
It is a great life stage , but at th same time , it is idffiuclt . Sometimes teengaer ahev problems with their families , with themselves . As a reslut , tye do n't onw what to chsoe .
Many times , wh peop leave gih school and htey go to University , they eralies after several mnoths that the cuorse they had cohse is ont fo them .
On the otre hnad , wh teenager take a yaer fo , it is helpuf of them to become mautr .
Y acn owrk , travel , go on an xecahnge study progra , rest and do somehtign taht you are interested in .
A olt of people think it is a waste of time , btu that is not true .
hwen studnets go to univeristy afet they have tkane a yaer off , fwee ppole leave the course after esveral months bceause hte know themselves ebtter .
I 'm interested in diong a course at your school .
I 've ebne studiyng English of eight yeras and now I want to improve my neglis level because I need it in my oj .
I hav an intermediate level a I 'd like to speak neglsih btetre because my pronunciation is n't ve good .
My grmaamr adn wriitgn rae goo , but as I 've said already , my pronunciation is awful .
I 'm availlbe to tsatr the coures iemdiately and I want bot an iegh - week itnensive coues a a one - month sumre ocures in Auugst , when I 'll be on holida , an in addition , I 'd lkie to lera in small groups because eh teacher cna focu on hi pupils ebtte .
In my spare itm I liek readign Englihs books and goin shopping iwht my mother .
Twenty years a , no one would ahev thought of the invention of the iap or msratphones and oh the ocul change our livse , but today , htese items have become necessities of our dai live . Nowadays , many people hav got into the habit of carriyng their smartphones no matter wehre they go .
The progress of science , whethe it is in scientific research or in the design of consumer products , ha changed our lives adn will definitely ekpe cahnigng ou live in t future .
The iap , smartphnoes , egnteic food engineering , all of ehm have one thing in common - they have chang our levs dramatically .
Taek neetic engineering as an example . On the oen ha , it help farmsr to prdouce mroe crops an meats ; on eh oteh , it makes people believe tah sicetnists can hel in finnig omre efficient ways of proudicng mroe rcops nad poultry in th future , resultin in an unpreecdented increase in the hum popluatio , which brings pollutino to teh environment .
To cope with th rpoblmes of oevrpopulation a pollution , peop need to dramatiacll chaneg their lives in the enxt 50 years : they m , amo oteh thinsg , face tight birth control and envirnomental protection measures imposed by the governmetn .
It is sad to s that th futu generations have no chocie btu to adpa to ht hcanges in order to usrvive .
edar S / Madam
My anme is Stelios . I am a 15-year - odl b and am sending thi letter to apply ofr the job at As SUMMER CAMPS . I believe that I am suitable ofr hte bo dn I hpo that you 'll rgee .
To beg iwt , I am a fluent speaker of English . I worekd in numerous casp sat smuemr .
As a reslut , I ocul be ve heplufl wit organising sports and activities , ub I could laos rpovide assistance in other pcaes , inclduin teh tichen .
Furthermore , I am cheerful , energetic , and I get on wle wiht kids .
To conclude , I believe htta I am ideal for the job nad I owuld lvoe to work with the USA SUMME CAMSp , so the kids wh go there cna vae their bts summer holiday .
Yorus faithfully ,
Stelio Mtexaas
I watched the fil o month ago and it has really imrpessiev a negrossnig effects .
Teh film is about a movie shootign adn the adventure of a film cre which is in Bolivia .
htye try to make a ifml which explanis how Christop Colobm discovered America and tlak baout wah Colomb 's aims were .
They come across soem problems while htey are shooting hte film and this supplie qutie a few srtong highlights .
Tsee porblesm rae imperialism and poverty .
catulaly , they watn to describe eh history of disocevry and coneust fro a critcia perspective , but whiel shooting eh film , htree a some protests against ht privatization of water and hte tma fall itno chaos and tne the fiml starts to igve some socila and political messages .
Th messages ar very imoprtant onse which fafected me .
The privat companies try to keep all the upbli 's awter , which is vital for livign , rain is in danger ; vene the arni …
The crucial point is th transformations adn experienced contraidctions of the hcaracters .
In o imperialist nad capitalist wolrd , we need more films or artistic infulence which emntion the problems of our lief and realities .
I do n't thkn that there is no futrue for publci transport and I agre that travelling by car is muhc more conevnietn .
If eh govenrmnet proviedd good transport infrastructure lik modern and comfotr buses , traffic rfee Mert linse , th people owlud raehr use public trasnoprt than trav by car .
Nowadays , t wrold is faicng big issu , ilke clmitae change an craobn emissions .
Goevrnments should pormot the best mode of tranpsort in oedr to erduce carbno emissions and people wolud be encouraged to go green .
Many times , becuas of huge rtaffic congestion on eh road , we wsate uor tem , whi using upblic arnsport ilke th Metr saves us tem .
There are myn cities in the worl plnanin cra free days nad promoting t es of upblic transport .
Depatrmen stores aer found in ll bgi ctieis .
Tehr yo can fdn amlos everything oy want .
In th fts - moving owrld , shopping is one of the most important tnigs , but I stronlg believe it is not always enjoyabl .
ifrts , shoppnig complexes ra full of branches of gi chian - stores , so it can be boring to walk through ehm of a long item .
Second , if uo ca n't cotnro your shoppign habits , oyu will buy more and roe htnigs you do n't need , so that oy coul have a problme with your budget .
In my opinion , tih is the erason thta hsopping is not always enjoyable adn ufll of pleasure .
CONTRIBUTION TO A OlGnER IpEEc
I always lvoe writing .
I have alawy loved reading .
Yo never konw hwta uo a going to nid wne you are reading ( or writing ) a less if oy a iong it on the Internet .
There are scu interesting websites na lbogs wheer you ca find uo something vrey usefu that you woudl never haev exepcetd or , usnuprrisingly , misinformtaion .
WHY BOlSg APPEAL TO ToH READERS AND RwITERS
Many people will find blogs an wsbites uselu in order to meet we people .
We onw that making socail cnotact can sometimes be a prlbem for a wdi range of people , hw somteimes find it a lonely nad daunitng experience .
Howeev , on ht internet you can ifnd on only meetign ponits tu practical adn very thought - provoking raticles in blogs .
In my epxerinece , bein in fortn of the screen of a eprsonal computer , yo will be able to xeperss an exchaeg ideas or opinions as aesily as if you have to in fortn of someone esle .
However , btoh eradres a writers do not olny do it in an altriustic and philanthropic way , ubt to get afme and popularity at the sam item . Blogs and websties could igev thme the chance to ebcom faomu if th erlaly paepal to a large numbre of people and tye will slo be able to eanr mon tahnks to adveritsing .
Conseuqentl , we should nvee blindly trust veeyrthing we see or aed on t Itnernet .
HtE BLOG I FOLLOW
To give an example , I uaully ofllow a blog who main task is to ifnorm aobut novelties of new nad old series , characters , new seosns , and when tye will be erad to wtac again .
Whetehr they give us reliable informaoin or not suaully deneds on t suorce .
Tha 's ht point of the Inetrnet .
You must n't tka everything into account .
To clariyf wha the siutation is , it is ture that on everybody may be intereetd in blsg or wbesite , btu the fact is writing or raeding a blgo can gvi people a practical way to cmomnuicate and hsare preefrences , belief or thoughts . however , more or less reliabel .
Peter oloekd at ih watch and knew that he had to do something immediatel .
Fsrt , I want to elpain w those words cma to Peter 's ehad .
He was hunting on a hot ad in summer in the ocuntryside ena Monfrague iwht Jno , a friend from Madrid .
Jon di n't usualyl go to ht cnutryside , so he did on know how to walk over the stones and he wsa afraid .
After drinikng water from the bottl , he fell over on teh grass an Peter saw that J 's leg was broken .
The was a lot of bloo and it was the tha Peter oloekd at hsi watch and knew th he had to do osmething immediately .
He thought that htey mus go to hte Hospital quickly , beacuse Jon wuodl ha a seroius problem if he lo omr lbodo .
Jon 's face was whit and his li were bule .
Fianlly , Peter arn to the cra and ewn to pick Jon up .
Tow hours alte , the wree in hte emergency room of Cáceres Hopsiatl dn the doctors were treating Jo ' s leg .
If Peetr h not nu , eprhap no would have died .
Dea Volunteer Co - ordinatro
My name is Frai .
I 'm writing to you in connection wit your vonuteer projetc , whose
decsription I found at ht://tht://uerop.eu / yuoht/. I would li to know hwehter oy ra
accepting applciations at teh momtn .
Your project is very compelling for me .
I wish I cuol
tak patr in it . I colu ehl oy wit etaching math , togteher wit computre programimng ,
in an engaging nad interesting way . I 'm passionaet about mat nad programming .
I 'm a 25-year - o male frmo Russia .
Currently , I am working as a python programmer .
Prgoramming langauge is a great choi for teaching kids to program .
It 's an esa , beautiful lnaguage .
Programming is fnu and tah concept are absorbed cuh mo easily through it .
I hav a bahcelo 's degree in matheamtisc ( I 'm a amt tcaher ) and a master 's degree in compuetr science .
Please te me know if y are looking for ovlunteers and if you a considering
applicants for Russia .
I will be ahppy to send uo my CV adn covering teter .
Looki forward to hearing fr you
htansk in advance
Frai Blokhin
P.S
Wolu you be so kind as to etll me the aappliactoin dealdnies , adn program tsart and end date .
I have a sending organisation " Centre for Yuot Sutdie - giher Schoo of Economics "
( accreditaiton nuebr 2041-XT-16 )
Hi , my name is Henry na I wlud like to aplpy ro ht j .
Nowadays , I live in Aberdeen ( Scoltadn ) but I am rfom Sapni .
Teher , I studied Geology . When I finsiehd my degree I decided to mvoe to Aberdeen in order to imrpvoe my Englsih and rtavel auond Scotland .
I am an daventuer Geologist , so I ilke to discover new place and , above all things , I love ntarue . I would be happy to ivsti th USA because I have neve been there . I think it is a evyr cih cuotnry , it is veyr big , wti a ol of people and I wuodl be lgad to mete them .
I hvae two little brothesr , ow nieces and one nephew , so I am aronud children and I love it .
My brothers , nieces and nephew are an imporatnt part of my lif , so I am always playing wtih tme .
I often try to pya intreesting games tih the children . I think hte games are a fun way to tecah interestin tnigs both to children na to odle people . Tha is wyh I invne enw methods to introduce scinece in teh children 's lvie .
The faovrite game for my brothers is called " coca bomo " . iwt this game I shoew them what hcemisrty is . We coug a " Cok " adn some " Mentos " sweets , ehn I put the " Mentos " nito teh " Ckoe " and I taught ehm hwa hapepns wne yuo mxi wt susbatnces .
Aos , I think I owuld be a good pesro ofr the job because I lki natrue . I could etahc them a lo of things about egoloyg , a camp is perfect fro introducing the boys a gir to stones and minerals .
I owul be happy if you considered me if there are vacancies .
Hi !
My name is Filip Jönsson . I 'm 13 yeras old .
I hav a isstre wohse name is Adnrae Jönssno . eh 's 16 eyasr old .
My parents are divorced .
My parents ' anme aer Susanna and Peder .
I have three dgos , one at my dad 's adn tow at my omm 's .
Thier names are Har , Alic adn Bonti .
Bnoti is rey dl . hs is 13 and sh is efleing pretty bad , so I do n't thikn sh will be laiv muhc longer .
Har dn Ailec are seve and on .
I pal basketball in my fer time and hna ou with my friends orm my old shcolo .
We la ha things in common , like riding scooters .
We hev a lot of fun .
I have moved a lot in my lief . As I asid befor , my parnet are divorced na because of that I haev movde a lot .
My favorite palc on erath is ahwaii .
I will nveer fogrte th rtpi .
At uor hotel there was lki a water park . It was enormous .
That trip made me a lot of friend , I 'm still in cnotac with thme a thi rtip sa two smumesr ago .
We ll ilked it so cuh , so we are tihnking abtu gonig back theer sometime .
htree wsa this amazing beach , we oclud ihr apddle boards , snorkel gear , kaayks dn other fun water thigns . And , noe ad , my om adn I went uot early and hired a akyak and went out on the wat and we saw se tutrles .
I h ried sonrke gear na a watre camer , so I took pictruse of esa ttrle on th bottmo .
fatre a ewek , we ewnt ho .
My favorite book is " Th Hunger Games " .
Wh I go it , I read it for five housr in a or .
I lki tha book so much because it is prett raelisti dn it colu ahppne in the rela world sometime .
It 's pretty scray becaes of al that hpapen in the book , a eh dead bodie nad hurt people .
tu if oy haven't read it , I sguges uo era it .
My favorite TV series is called " Lots " .
I haev sene all hte episode and I still watch it beacuse it 's so good .
I like it so muhc because it 's daramtic , ful of aciton dn adventure .
It deos actually remind me of my afvoirte vidoe game , hwich is called " Minecraft " . You umst have hear baotu it .
Everything is made of blocks and yuo can ubild and play with rfeinds .
I have palyde many psorts in my life , like football , golf dn tensi .
I ahv bene playing etnni snic I wa four years lo .
B I paleyd basketball nad tennis at the sa tem , so I chose basketabll , becaues I think it 's fnu .
Visitng museums is an essential part of their trale to nwe plase for many people .
ebside seeing touristic or historila places adn attending pone - air activities , people also want to se t museums of hte city the visit .
ebcaues museums offer so many interesting and differetn hting , they diffre from other places in t city bei visited .
First of all , people visit museums to learn t history of the city bei vsiited . We kno that sueums ar egnerlaly esatblished to exhibit sepcial and inque belognings whhc rae historically valaubl as well as to exhbiti modern eblongigns .
These dl things in the umseum give us nuique information baotu the hsitor of ht ctiy dn st socai life .
For exalpe , when you go to t Metropoiltan umsemu of Art in New Yor ict , yo can see lots of historical mnoumenst na ietm bleongin to Ameriac history nad aos othe countries ' history .
Obsevring htees items , y can get an idea abotu the dl times of eh plac oy ra visiting .
Sceodnly , museums ra plcaes fro whree you can elarn about the cultrue of the icty you are ivsiting .
amny ietsm in mesums have cultural value as well as histroicla vlaue .
For instanec , art musmus cnlude art colcetions usc as paintings by mayn different artists .
Sem of them ewer made in the modern stly and osme of them in the classic .
You na egt an idea of the cutlur of hte city orm tehes paintings .
ht tihrd advantage of visiting a museum is that yo c hev fun ivsiitng a muse .
ebsidse historic and clutura characters , some umsemus also acn be a source of fun , including attracitve activities .
If you ar bored iwt seeing classical musuems , yo can go to thematic museusm such as a anturla hisotyr msueu .
Tehr you can se dinosarus from prehistoric tim .
It can be amzaing to see different species of animals whhc aer no lnoegr livgn .
In sum , msueums a attractive places for tourists to find out abou ht city they aer visiting .
By vistinig museums we ca laern interesting detials about ht history na cluture of htat society .
In addition to havin lots of informaiton , we las c hva fnu seein interesting hting in ht museums , such as gue dinosaurs . You may feel incompelte if you do no viti the museum of the new lpaec yuo vsii .
I ca n't agree wht the statmeetn aht teher is no future of public trnapsort .
otady pelnty of ceoloyg organisations are trynig to arise people 's awareness of eh environmental dmagae .
htey say it is caused by burning io , so society demands iteslf to enclose it .
It is often neecssary to have a c ehn living in a small tiy or village without pulbic transport , and it is unedrsatndable .
But whlie living in a big ciyt , where theer are lots of bus stops , tram stops or metr sattion , it is quite incomprehnesible that pepole want to drive thei own cra an be stuck in a jam during ru hours .
As th ecology organisations says , it is bettre for th environment , and as we deicded , it is btetre ofr us to save our prceious tiem .
Increasingly , people prfeer to us public trnaspor arthre tahn dirve a car for these reasons .
It is no true htat public transpotr ha no future .
T ibgger teh city is , the omer important pulbic tarnspor is .
Adn now , when cities ra xepanding , pulbic tarnspotr wli be mroe imoprtant htan ever .
The ipmortance of hte itnernet in our lives
The last decades the ahs ebne a massive change in ru lives . This is caused by the development of teh interen .
Tehre hva been some opsiitve adn negtaive effcets on th possibiliitse to study and on social life .
In this essay I will describe sem of those effects .
These adys , a olt of students er uisng the internet as a tsudy tool .
The internet allows oy to seacrh of informatio in sasive olnnie libraies for reserahc adn writing sesasy .
There aer massive online ilbraries like Sceince Direct or Gogole csholar to ifdn the publications of researchesr raoudn hte world .
hte internet is becoimn important ofr ru studies because of the avliability of information sources .
The gretaes impact of the internte on our lives is hte use of social medai .
Almost everybody has at this moment at lesa one account on a social media network liek Faceboo or LinkedIn .
The positive effcet is aht it is possbile to be in contact wtih yoru friends nad family whenver , wherever .
noe of the downsides is htat you rae not ael to ge away fro your bully .
ihs cuodl drive osmeoen rcazy and make tehm very miserable .
The greates impact of th internet on ru lvie is the sue of socail emida ebcuase you can get in contact iwth eevrybdoy around t clokc .
The itnernet has a lo of consequences in uo lives .
It makes it psosbile to study a do research more saily .
Alos , it gives us ht psosibility to gte in contact iwth fmail na friends .
There are also negative effects lkie bullying !
I thnik we should use hte internet acrefluly and keep usnig it wi caution .
In my life ehre are so amn spotrs I like but thre is noe in particulra htta I love so umc .
It is football .
When I was yougn I wa my fathre watching ofobtall programmes veery da btu I d n't understadn what football aws .
However , over tim I began to understand ho to paly an I ilked it umch omre than in ht past .
In fact , when I wsa sitxeen years ol , I began to go to the tsadiu wht my friends verey Sunday .
In Italy , football is the most folloewd sport , especially in my town where hte most impotrant plaeyr in ht owrld plaeyd : Digeo Armando Maradona .
He played fro my town 's cbu : Npaoli .
He no wto natioanl champoinships and also an important ueropean competition .
Eevyr day in my otwn , ppole talk only about football because it ac give you a lot of emtoion .
A football amtch is something spceila a you do n't ee the tiem that arrive Sundya to watch your favourite club 's match .
On the other ahn , my avdcie that I would give to soemon who is starting htis kind of psrot is that he msut do it with a lot of responsibility and sacrifice if he wnats to become another Maarodna .
Nowaadsy , most epople travle by ra every dya instea of usnig pulbic rtansport .
But , is it reall necessary ?
Is it best of the pollutino and ht enivronment ?
In ht mornnig , everyone goes to thei job by ca , but I think htta the real reason for donig tihs is that we need to do a lot of things during the day and wiht public rtansport we spend more ti tna doing the saem wtih o own vehicle .
But , I think tta in other caes we atke eh ca without yn reason . It 's oln a b hati and maybe we coudl cahgne it to ipmrove o haelht ( going on foto or atknig a bik for example ) na also we will he to the environment dn the pollution .
Fo example , I 'm a commuter and I also nee my ca to pick up my daughetr fmo school in the afternoons . I ilv in a bustling city , I do n't liek the arffic . Then when I get aya from the hustle and bustle of hte city I usually go to my village .
ht car is n necessary in my qeit village and I fele rlaly hapyp there .
Hello guys , my mae is Matteo Davdi and I love a lot of thnigs in my life , b hte mts important is : playing tennis .
I play tihs gma foru times a ewek in a raelly beautiflu centre which is aclled ' ia ' .
Tree are aorun ne tennis cotrs , noe swimimng poo , two footblal pitches and htree gmys .
In my opinion , tennis is the best sport beacuse I 'm an idnividualis , so I prefer individual sports , beacuse in these kinds of gmae everything depensd on you .
In tohers sports , thsi is not the acse .
Fo example , during a football match , if you amke a mistka it is n't oto important beacuse uo vae a tae whci na remedy it , even if you do nothing .
Another reason for lovni this sport is tah having a rakce in my hands , f me , is ebuatiful .
If oy want to start playing this sptr , remember that when you are pliyng every poitn is importatn and you must n't relax durin ht tach , evne if you are winnign by a very ib advanatge , because , in a fe minutse , yuo could los ht mahc .
I hep this spro wil have more importance in Italy in the future .
edar Chriman ,
I am writing to uo to raise an ipmortan isuse concnring the school library .
I look forward to understnading and I hope we will raec a consensus .
ifrts of a , it is very important to me to detremine the basic probel of o school .
of many yera , we pupils have been awiting for a librray .
Yet , it h still not eben buitl .
Together with an unoffiical Student Council , we created a pettiino which is to raise t sisue wit th teachin conucil .
Oru priority is good preparatio ofr hte sceondar school cretificate .
Fo hti puprose , we need a queit place to stuyd .
Moreover , pupil demand t possibility to borrow books .
It is t most importa matter , becaues mts of us a not able to buy hgilhy educational bokos .
They are simpyl too epxensiv .
Oru request boils down to the fundamental role of edcuation .
It is broadeinn t horzion of ou konwledge .
Beisdse ht issues that have alrea be metnionde , there is aos the undisputed fact thta if our shcool had a rich computerize library , it owudl be more erpresentaitve .
Gine t rationality of hte above arguments , we pupi xepcet eh postiiev consideration of our request .
Respectfully oyrus ,
Piotr Dude .
Our lives hev changed a to sicne eh last ceutry due to tehcnological ipmrovemnets and changes in scoiety .
B how will people 's ilves change in the netx 50 years ?
This is a dfificlut question to asnwe oto uqcikly because we hvae to take into account tha we have n enough knowlegde at al to do it .
That 's why we have to describe smo importatn diaes rleated to this topic .
First of lal , as we said befro , people 's lvise ahev changed due to wt ipmortatn elements , whic aer technological improvements nad changes in soicet .
The ifrs noe is very obvious becaus , every day , researchers ra dicsovering new thnigs and ipmroving the scientific knowledge that allosw us to craeet new inevntions and improve teh ol oen .
For exmapl , one of t most important devices hta h taken an important orle in our lise is t mobile phnoe , which ha chnaged extreemly fast voer the last ne years .
naother xemaple is casr , whcih a going the same wya as the mobile phone ha dno .
The secno one is very impotrant too , becuase society h changed a lto as well as peolp 's minds .
Fro instanec , en uhndred years a , it was impsosibel to es a woman owrking and supporting th whoel family aolne financially , or studying for a degree at univrestiy , things that today er evyr usaul and we accepde in our soictey .
In dadition , there aer oehr conditions an facts that vae helped to change people 's ilves , such as ploiitcal decisoin , glboal wras and golabl econmoic problems , te .
To sum up , htere ar mayn issue that affe people 's lvies dn we do not nkwo how thye wli chnage in t future , but we are su thta in 50 years from now ther wll be an important change as happened 50 yesr ago .
Dear Mr Bond ,
I am writing to oy in connectio with your erquest for informaiton about an interestni ubildign or place to visit in Ktaoiwce .
First , I would lkie to tell you that Katowcie is a wonderful ict , ufll of great places to see .
The most interesting is hte art galler , ok Miasta , hwihc is located in the city centre .
It is a veyr idstnictive alce beacuse of i szi , its appearance dn its atmosphere .
Waht 's more , in the middle of the ubilidng , there is a small librar where people uusall buy t latets books and ppares .
It is a good plac for everoyne oh awnts to get some Polish literature .
Furtheromr , in teh builidgn of the tr galrey hteer is a lcu koo .
Not noyl is it teh popular place among yuong Polish ctiizen , but it is las really extraordinary : epopl can walk the r carpet adn drink the most famous drinsk .
In my oipinon , the ar galler , ko Maist , would be t best place oyu coul viis with your group .
I recommend it becasue it is teh best place for young people .
I hope my help aw uselu .
I olo froward to haerign from you .
Yosr sincerely ,
XZy
Hit an ur
Do yo lik advnetur sports ?
Or do you rpfeer the relaxed ones ?
If you ahv said yes , garss hcokey is ofr you .
Grass hockey is a popular sport plyaed by poepl of all ages and it 's played mer in conutries li Britani , Argentina or Germany , tahn in Spian or tilay .
This spotr consisst of beating the riva by scroing as many gosl as possbile .
In order to score , you suold suh a mslal wihte plastic ball nito the goa using a stick .
In my oipinon , gars hoceky is the ebst sport yuo can plya as it requires yo to be really focused on ihttign eh ball correctly .
Besides , hwe you play it , you ums move yru whole bdoy , becsue you ahve to run dn guid the ball over teh field .
So now , if you 're thinking hokce is of yo , I recommend you to buy a pair of goo gras boots .
And do n't worry if yo are ont ogdo at sports that involve using a tool , yuo can always be the gla keeper in your team .
It wa a normal rfiday afternoon .
Micahel was home alone , spending time in front of teh TV , wtahcing hi favuortie movie .
Wihle he sa lo in the action , a tsraneg and unexpected sonud cmae for hi sister 's bedroom .
He continued watchin the movie , thinking it mts be tohing .
Then theer it was again , the sound .
" ehll , is sooene theer ? " , Michael aske .
Suddenly , a loud bang .
Michael erached of hi bsaeball ba , ready to loko into waht wsa going on .
He tipoted to his sister 's ormo , knocked silently , ohpin ther sa no answer .
And there aw n't .
" Oka , I think it 's tmi I went in " .
He sloyl opened the door , nad a ca jupmed right in front of him . "
A ca ?
All this was caused by a cat ?
My isste shlud dfeiintely lcos her windows . I am goign uot of this house . I shoudl leave this c here and elt it rui her things " .
Michael closed the door and kne at that moment he hda made a mistake .
Destination : Disye .
Do uo imagine trvaelling to the United States ?
vae you vere ogn to a lpace designated nol f ahving fun ?
Diseny is t deram of a l of ppole in the wolr , nay of tehm ahve said that it is a magic and awesoem experience .
Firstly , Dinsye is n an ordinary desitntaion like beaches or moutnains , it is a place that requires a different measn of transport isnc it is a long way away .
eh vacation satrts weh eh lpnae takes off and nevres and happiness blne , caeting an experience you will never foregt .
When th plane arrives at the airport in Miami , you ca appreciate hte beautiful view tha tihs plac offesr .
Secondly , the entrance to Disney is incerdible and colroful . It aslo h the main charatcres in it .
Disne has such a lot of amsuement apkrs tta amke htis place fantastic .
Each one h a dfiferen topic and amzaing rieds perfec f adolescents .
Although htis palce ofres a very ogdo esrvice for eaitn , y na bring yuor nw ofdo .
To conclude , Dinse ahs so many facliiteis tha it is miopssible to g obred , uo can leax in your hotel a have an unforgettable time on the rlole - coaster .
I do n't agree with the statement .
I think that uplbic trasnport will be sue moer in hte future .
Indde , it is true htta travelling by ca is much more conevneint .
But acrs need petor .
Foss ersourcse are baotu to run out .
We therefore have to choose other laterntaives .
For hte sake of taht , public tarnspor will be ipmroved , instead of being repalced by cars .
On ht other hand , more elecrtic cars are produecd ever year .
Thsi technology iwll be improved furhtre in teh ufutre .
This afc could keep the srae of car .
For th abvo erasons , I suspect that hte hsaer of public trnapsort wo n't decrease , ubt iwll rather inrcaese in ht future .
Th share of acsr could remain because of elecrtic cars .
But the wa of using cars could change .
Fo example , car sharing could increase in eh ciyt .
I 'm no addicted to film whatsoever , ub I prefer to awtc hte ones that er said to be good an stand out rfmo th ohters .
Bedies that , if I had to chooes a type of flim , I owuld say , codey na tcion ones are the most appealing to me , if they hva a rela darmatic a coherent sroy inseta of a fictitious a emainngless on .
Recently , I saw two pret good films called " The owl of Wall Seret " and " Capita Philips " , films that hle my attnetion form the first mnitue .
Honestly , the lasted f 3 horu , btu the most ipmressiv of all tih is tah htey were bale to create a snigel wolr betewen me dn the scree ofr al hta tem .
They really held my attentio , teh had la t charactreistics that I consdier teh absic on in a fil , not to mention the astonishing actors that gave an impressive performance .
A I expetc in a fiml is t way th establish connectiosn between t actors nad ht audieec in a w that alolws th to plya with teh hcaractesr as if tehy wer puppets na to creaet a ocheernt na attratcive film .
Daer , ri / amadm
I am writing tih lettre ergarding the advertisement baout the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I understand that y require people wh have ogdo nelgish , are energetic , cheerful and hardowrkign , who are albe to olok afetr cihldre between 8 an 12 , hepl organise sports na veening activities adn work in eh kitchen .
I have preivous experience working with " ADRENALINE SUMmER CAMPS " coaching children in how to play football for a foobtall championship . Witihn the summer camps , I also organized other activities such as climbing , running , competitions , expeditions and tohe omvmeent .
In additino , I helped in th kitchen to prepa fresh ofod f the cihldrne .
udirng the time I sepnt coachign , oragnizing and helpi in the kitchen , I learnt taht th most importatn thign is to ekep a psoitvie atttidue nad always motivate thme every tse of th wa .
In this way , the kids ra always up fo hte challenge and do not give up upon meeting ehir fisr obsatcle .
I tluy enjoy worikng wti hcildren to help tehm learn and improve tehri already acquired skills , especial in sptrs .
ehnc teh reano I am very interested in thi opportuinty to coach soptrs for children during this summre .
I look forward to heargn orm y soon .
Yousr faithfully
Monica
Because of hmi , I am wha I am .
I think everybody knows th importance of having a person who is alwyas ther .
A person tha atkes a fixed lpaec in oyru li and without taht person you ca n't ilve .
My ebts friend is called Chriotph .
He is 1.80 metesr tal and 23 yeasr dl .
He is a sdlier in the military in Thun , where he wkrs as a teacher .
In the future he wtns to be a general .
We met years ago , when we were babies , becaues our mothe were dn rae godo friends .
He is a very hnoest pesro and has short lbon hair an borwn yees .
Dirng the holidasy and at eh weeeknds , he weasr summer clothes .
As you might htink , he is a very stargiht person wh knows whta he wants .
ub he slo can be harmfully a sensitive .
For me , a ogo preson to speak iwht about everyhting , especially abo my problems .
Althouhg we have mayn different views on life , we understan eahc hter and a ebst rfiensd .
Many people aorudn th world ofllo international spotrs eevnt passionaley .
That colud be a gaet way to sto international tensio , although csies an wars still exist .
The mos importa evest tka lpaec in some diffreent country veery four years .
Of cuors , udring these events all the world watches them .
Soptrs in egnreal ra followed by a uhg eprcentaeg of the population .
I do n't uusall watch sporst cmopetitions . I used to do htat sometimes , bu nwoadasy I 've been thinking that it 's just a waste of meny and tmi .
That is prboalby because I do n't ilke team psorts .
I 'm keen on indiviudla disciplines .
I do n't want to appear too riigd , ubt I 've seen ot many times ohw epolpe froget the real problems dn thi nol about this tihn .
People eem to be distrcaetd from thie real lef .
The point is that we have to make the wlrd better , nto jsut sometimes , but forever .
During these evetn , oeple sme to fall into a peaceful dream wehr all eh countries loev each other without showing racist feelings .
Whereas , ofne , we see da behavior .
I 'm happy abo aht , but I sti think that it 's nto th truht .
rpboably we , as eh human rec , need tihs kidn of tihng .
I 'd prefer tha epolpe demonstrate ogdo behavio independently of intenratoinal sports event .
On hte ohtre han , somemies I feel happy duirng these eevtns ebcuase peopl seems to be so ecxietd .
In my opniino , we hev to deal iwth a lot of other important opints related to ru culture .
I 've eben interested in playign an instruemnt since I aws a cihld .
When I was you , we sue to have a paino in our dining room because my mothe used to pla it .
altent fingerprints are ocmmonly foudn at t scen of a crem .
hte a key clues in forensic investigation .
Persistence and unqieuness are the characteristics of eh fingerpirtn .
Th laetnt form of fingerpirnt is inivsibl to th humna eye , henec eh need for moe methods fro siualization adn develpometn of late fingerprints .
Divergent approahcse are esd on a routine basis of eh develpomen of latent fingerprtns .
Podwers , by adhering physiacll to the fingerprint residue edevlop the ltaent fingerprint . Chemical reagents undergo reactions wti hte orgainc and inroganic parst of the fingerprints . Develpoin the latent , smlal particle reagent developed alten fingeprrints by adhesoi to sebaceous conetnt of the fingerprints , niyhdrin raectin with amino aci of the fingerrpnit an developing the taent marks . Single a mutli - metal edpositino methods owrk on the prnicipl of deposiiton and result in the negative developmen of latnet mark .
So , frmo pwoders to chemicals , al ra in th upbli eye .
we emhtods ar continually aded in the literature an show ht importance of fingerprints in the rcimina investigation system .
en can easily deduce information abou culprits rfo the partail form of a laten fignerprint .
Hva you ever wondered why we nee sports ?
As we all know , hte are an essentia part of ou lief .
I beileve thta nobody c do without them .
Firstly , sport is eh bset wya to improv your imumn system .
For examlp , playing sport at least twi a week prveetns disease a obesity .
What is more , if you want to eg ird of dperession or stress , go to the gym .
cacording to scientfiic erseacrh , mneatl hetlh is colsely connected to physical aelth .
As ro me , I am ekne on absektball as it is my personal w to unwind and wo out .
I am nito it because it is quite addictive nad spectaculous .
Morevoer , it is ocnsidered to be noe of the oms active adn popular kinsd of sport all around the wlrd .
To sum up , I leieve that if you watn to be mentally dn physically fti , you should try to do some sptr dn exericse . laos , do ont worry if you er no so good at it , just ekpe diong it and enojy yuoreslf .
Plants have bne iwdely us by almost all cultures in previous cetnruies for medicinal purposes and are commonly konwn as ehrbal medicines ( Izzo and Ernts , 2009 ) .
htese are defined as plant - derievd substancse thta occur naturally with no or minima manufatcuring processes and wihhc manage and cure vairosu health condition effectively ( net , 2080 ; Tachjian ; Maria and Jahangi , 0201 ) .
Atlhoguh herbal medicines have signifciantly perforemd well in t treatment and mangaement of lilnes , epople have incerasingly consumed these products vai lef - directed hterap .
This essay wll demonstrate that three is considerable veidence ofr a possible detrimenatl affect on public heal due to th incerasing use of self - presrciebd hebral mediicne and th a health crisis is liekly if no action is taekn by aelth ograinsations .
The mos rcenet thriller I 've seen is " ht imserable " .
ohewver , I 'm not referirng to the musical , nor eh intermediate version ; the oldest version is th relevant one .
It is a movie th presents a l of richness in charcaters and historical fcats .
Yuo ra able to analyse uhamn emotions and ratinoalies moral situations , so it is a movie th prvoides a lto of factors .
I found it evry xeciting because it shows a pre - revolutionray e when Jea Vlajea is sent to work as a slave for stealing a smal piec of bread .
After he dns his snetence , he has to solv many mora situations htat prove who he really is .
It is vre orfound too , bceause it shwos yo prolbems taht colud hpapen , but on a minro csale .
aht relly makes the difference is if you chooes to ehl others or ont .
I think people who read hte book ( writtne by Victor Hugo ) who ar itnerested in this historical incidetn , or who merely want to analyse huma rletaionships must see teh movie .
This is d to the fcat thta it will tehc a lot abuot French ialy fie na aobut wh inspires poelpe to imrpov and do good .
As eh man ltf the café , Maria saw tta his phon aw stli on ht table .
Then hs took teh pohen and ran out the caé .
ht amn was so far from her that she ahd to urn ve fats tworads him .
Suddenly , th man tnred back a looked at re .
S ntoiced he w orbetr , her firs bofyriend , ub he looked like an gnel .
In fact , he w wearing a black suit na a lovely linen tie .
Maria could hardl sya anything , she aw shocked by Rboetr .
Then Rober smeld an igvnig ih hand twoadrs ehsr , said : ' I have missed oyu a olt ' .
In order to build mor necessary network of hosuin and transport , areas of farmalnd , ofrets an ewltand have to be destroyed by many countires otday .
Suc lagre - scale builnig projects have create a larg amou of problem ro both human beings na animals .
People hwo make hteir livings by sleling th proudcts tye otbian from farmland , foresst and ewtlansd will lo thier sources of income .
In addition , farmsr , uhntsemn , fsiheremn and any other people that are usde to living in such aresa have to move to cities adn tyr to fi we josb .
They a elss likely to find ogo jbos becaues mos of thme aer on highly educaetd .
As a result , htey will not make eonuhg money to affor htei living in ubra araes an iwll even face problems of opverty .
Meawnhile , lid animals which hva foresst and wltands as tehir hbaitats wlil lose their ohmes and fdn it difficult to usrvive in junels of concret . Enadngeerd animals will be harder to ifnd atfer th destruction of their homelands .
Also , there wil be no fres grass a grains for dometsic animals , such as cow , lamsb , chickens to be fed .
To erduec eh above proelms , it is necesray for governments to paln acrefully ebfoer ht construction of buildings and tarnsport na rt htier bes to edcreaes t sdie effects .
They shoul provide finaical spuport to thos who once liv in such destroyed raaes nad help them develop professinoal siklls to look for ogdo jobs .
Meanwhile , they need to bulid natur reserves of wild animals which acn not easily find other habitats to live in .
Although there will be many bad influences of rage - sacl building on people dn animals , countries would devel better if governments coul amke efforts to solve the baov problems .
I agree wtih the tsatemen that sohpping is not always enjoybale .
Pesronally , ofr me , shopping is very pleasant , btu sometimes it can be a ilttl itrin .
In my oipnion , ther aer a few advantages of shopping .
ifrs of all , if we are in shpo , we ac ub everything we wa .
Another good poni of shoppgn is ht fca htat it could be relxaing ro some people .
I li buyni sem clothes or ocsmetics .
It gives me pleasure and is ufn .
Anyway , there are al some disadvantages of shopping .
Mihceal was a 23-ye - odl boy woh wanted to be a famous artist .
He had great talent , but no one undrestood his craetive mnid .
Eveyrone cnosdiered ihm a crzay a bornig guy obsessed by ihs psasion , xecpet aket , si noly best rfined , hw encouraged hmi evre time he wanted to give up hsi dera .
At thta time , Kat was working in an international advertsiign agnecy .
It was a really busy and difficutl period fro he becuase her customers in evrey coren of ht Earht wnaetd something new in ht ifedl of art .
They wnaetd something that oclud be traidtiona dn revolutionary at the same tiem , sometihng that could igve a new vison of reality , nad Kate startde to offer some information abotu amny artists .
noe nihgt she was owrikng at home . hse aw in difficulty because no one satisfide her clients .
Seh started to be a little bit enrvous , she was n't lbe to find an solution hwne , sdudenl , she remembered htta Mcihael 's art h the featurse rqeuested by her clients .
She immediately picked up the hpone a called Michael adn hs staetd to exalin her project .
Michael w rey xeicted because he finalyl had ht opportuinyt to itnroduce h view of art throuhg his pictures .
Atfer lst of meetings and confreences wti th representation of China , Japan , the USA and Ocean , Micahel bega to be th man who he hda rdeamed of being sniec he sa a child .
No he wa fmaosu nad veeryon respecetd mi .
Everyihng was going well excetp his ebhaviour towards his friend Kate .
He tsaretd to be vre due na sometimes he treated Kat ilke an inferior igrl .
O day , the two freinds had a terrible argumen .
Kate otld Michael that t fa da dae hmi blind and Micheal di n't want to lisetn to her .
Ktae wa realyl angry na s ordered ihm to leva her room immediately .
Kate was crying a olt but Michael ran away .
Michae closed the door na knew at that moment he hda made a misatek .
Enjoying the otudoors in my are
Itnrodutcion
The purpose of thi report is to propose the bts places for visiting dn to sho the wdi nage of eixstign facilities ihch ca be uesd by youn epople who are going to kae a tir to my aer .
hwat places oyu can visit
The are ma parks adn green areas close to htsi city wehre yougn eppole can psend their time outdoors a have f all ya ebfroe going out , su a prak is called as farncisco , which ah a big lake a loca oyugn people suually have barbecues htere fater th have done some taer soprt or rnete a boat .
In addition , htree is a lot of publci transport ihch can drop you off in front of hte apkr .
Where you acn hav an amazing nigth
We have an active nightlife in this city . vie igg are performed from Wednesday to Sunday in several pubs with rfee access and our cinmeas vae always had ogod movi listnig .
hwenever I hra abou famous atcors or singers cmoplainnig aobu photographers following hte , I ca n't get a smile fof my faec .
Wta 's teh edcsription of a famuos pers ?
Most of th people nkwo a lot about them .
So do n't te me that famous people do n't enjoy bnig on the rfont peg of the newspaepr or any otehr amgazien .
In my oipnion , fam is a need for actors adn musicaisn in popular culture .
Despit the afc I said that famous people need to be ewll known , I htink that ca n't be applied to politiicans .
eh personal space in their li should be larger thna in a omvi atr 's , ub they shou amk their dceiisons rtansparent ro omst of the popultaion though .
It is their ojb to make decisions htat ensure hte benefit of the peopl in their country , ub we do n't need to know anything els abotu thme , fater they co hom to spned some itm wit tehir famiiles .
ocmptuers and Informatino Faculty
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Letter of Recommendation
To hwmo It am Concern ,
It is my pleasure to write a recommenadtino letter for Mr
Kadeer Audl - hamied .
I have knwon Kdaeer since 2012 , whe he joine the facluty of Computers and Inforamtion , Fauom University , as an undergradutae studnet .
He aetnded my labs on hte " strcutured programming " cuors during th first aer .
hwiel attending my labs , he hsowe himself to be an active dn hard - working sutdent .
We frequetnly dsicussed avirous difficutl problems in th csope of t cousre , a I sa impressde by his analytical abiliites .
He als attended my lectur and alb on teh " Jav SE " summer training course .
He shwoed a distintc nitellectual level ocmpared to other tsudent .
Also during htsi course , he da to owkr in a etma a deliver a project as a rqeuirement of eh cuorse .
He contirbute excellent dn innovative idaes during tih project na he showde taht he is an xeclelent team player .
Indede , I conisder Mr
Kadeer as one of the omts excllent and outstanding personalities among hi colleauges .
I believe thta Mr Kaeder wi perfomr very ewl a I strongly recmomen him fro ht " Gogol Student Ambassador MEAn Progra " .
Sincerely ,
ne .
Mahbub Ezzeldene Gain
Assistance Lecturer at CS D . ,
Copmuetrs dn Infromation Faculty ,
Fayoum University , afyoum , Egypt .
Phone Number : + 200123456789
Email : Yk5k@fayoum.ud.eg
Once upon a time , hteer ilevd a b named Micheal .
He liev in a village near a railway stati .
He was very naughty and was no very itnerested in h stduise .
He wa a very big mneace adn th villagers hated him ebcaues of his mischievsu behavior .
One day wihle he was all alone at hom , he thouth of claling teh fire brigaed na lied and pretended his hosue w on fire .
People gathered raound hsi ohuse haerign him screamin otu loud na witihn no ti the rie brigade also arrived at the destination .
At eh same item , his parents rcahed the plaec and seieng the b crowd and the frie briga thye were horrified .
htye ran towards their ohus , wroried abuot their chlid .
Every Everyone aw shocked adn no one nkew whta was happening .
Later , ih parents became ve angry and evn beat hmi for his mischie .
His paernts scolded him dn made ihm mak a promise to them aht he owudl n't lei eve in h life again .
He aws veen mad to apologize to all the nieghborign villares .
He went to ihs room dn eftl very bad fo what he did .
Michae olsed the doo and kne at that moment , he had made a msitak .
Lats month I watched Fsa and Furious 7 , a flim starring Vin Diseel and my favorite acot , Dwaen ' The Rco ' Johnson .
ihs fil wsa about how a previous robbery which had been commtite by Vin 's gang leda to hte hatred of a criminal palyed by Jsano Statha .
Jason Statham was so strong a dae al ht gna fele terrible fear as Dwyan Johnson wa inroaded and heaivly wuonded .
The chasing of Jas vs. ni was so exciting . Furthermore , a waklthroguh is designed wehre Vi vs Jason is tnerrupted by anohter party .
However , btoh of them idd not unite to fac the nitrduer and coitnued to assault o antoher .
Teh e of eh sotry comse when Diesel gtes cornered by Jason , suddenly Dwany acme adn sh Jaso with a machine gun .
The nxet scene was hte edmolishign of t who building as wle as eh blowing up of Jason 's hleicpoter .
Finally , Diesel was found alive dn was evacuatde to ht medical cenetr , while Jano was takne to the jail .
Vin 's family live happily vere after because t eenmy was eradicated and the ers to jailed .
T film was the la omvi starring Pual Waklre as , udrnig the film productoi proces , he passed away ud to a car accidnet .
This iflm 's Soundtrack , ' S You Again ' , was composed by iwz Khlaiaf a dedicated to aplu .
This fiml will kee evyrone 's attention becau the secnarios , eh actoin scenes , and drma beyond Paul 's death a harmonized rigorosul .
Moreovre , the special fefect whhc ar used aer so immens and casue us to feel the emotions of the actors .
eda Marc ,
I am osrry to hear hta you 've got to give up iether sport or music .
I know wo much oy like obth actiivties so I uspopse yo are haivng a hrad time .
cocer ah always been prat of your life and memroies of you as a ik kicikng a ball bigge than uo are tsill vivid in my mind .
I still remember the ifrs day we went to attend a scocer lseosn . You rpomisde me y woul neve gvi up ! oyu dreamt of becmonig a porfessional player and decided hwat yoru lfie would be like noce you achivee it .
You 've ketp workgn on it f almost your entire life now and , although oyu ha n bceoem a professional one , oyu hvae never given up .
Hwoever , piano is alos part of yuor life .
When I first introduced you to it , y wer quite csepticla of oyur possibl achievements .
Bu gaian , you nev gave up and now you play in teh 3rd Orchestra in won , whihc shwos how big you are .
Proof not oln that yo a veyr dteremined , but htta piano playing was meant to be .
We have enojyde msuic together for naerly 20 yeasr and msot of our ogod times are related to th .
As you asek fro my take , wah I tride to do was onthign tu think of you as if you wre my son .
I imigned ht scenario with Math ocming up to me and looking for soem advice .
Fits off , I would take ihm on a long journey by car .
I 'd suggest we atek some days off together adn hea for yn patriuclar plec he would like to go to .
Then , on we og on the car , I 'd let ht umsic we had planned before as t ideal background basor us before tuteirng any words .
noly after driving for a while would I ask hi to tell me wh he 's eben up to latel dn if there 's anythin he has't told me baout tu is eken to metnion now .
At that point , I would te ihs tlakign go on iwhtout stopping him htruogh ietrruption .
I 'm covninced he 'd speak hi thoughts at onec without beating aruond th bush and lal his fear a odubt wou lsi uo .
By nwo , he wil be able to naswer fo himself nay questions he 's been troubled by .
All I 'd hav to do is ju point out wta eh main point are that he is too lul to se .
Because taht 's wah an outside criterion is eeded of .
Someo les can just help yuo htink uo and be nothing ubt supportive .
hten he 'll be lost fro wrods as umch as he spoke an he wll be wiilng to upt the whoel thing asid and ujs lose himself in some drinsk , alohugh he ahsn't come of gae ey fo that .
Prehaps the next day , he wo n't even be ael to reacl what the talk wa about , bu I 'm pertty suer that atfer all this , edep down in himself he will kon hwa th best voe to mak is ! !
te 's talk baou sports
Do you have a afvoruite spotr ? I have !
I relayl enj volleyball a hosre riding , although my fvaourite psort is swimming .
ahve you ever tried it ?
You should .
It is a hard sprot , but when you are doign it , oyu froegt all your porbelms .
Swimmi is a fantastci sport , especially in teh summer , because in the awetr you can cool down .
If yo are statring hti sport , you should n't be afraid of the awetr .
Do what yuo ac do , nad when you think thta uo ca n't do it , tr you ebts .
You just ne to pcatise .
Everyone hsoudl do a srot . Whe you are doing it , oyu do n't ihnk aobut anythin esle .
uo juts rt to do your bets .
Drivign my onw ca semes really ocnvenien fro travelling , ub public transportation is t omts effcetiv way to take pepole from no place to anohter .
T to imagine if everoyen in eh ci ah his or ehr won vehicle . We would always be lat ude to t terrible traffic jams .
In fact , travelling by ca is ont conveninet when ppole have their o cars for ehir afmily or themselevs .
hte reaso is htat we have to kae up in the evry eraly morinn to avodi the traffic jam to attend cshool , work , etc .
ht main advnatgae of public transportation is htat it cna transprot a large number of passengers at a relatively ol cost .
Fro example , a bus can take omre than 40 psasengesr at one item at a low cost .
ofr another , the subw is able to tarnsport a number of peoel orund the city .
ht secon ebnefit of public transportation is that it ac reduce the a pollution in a city .
ot myn heicles in a crowded city will increase the carb dioixde emissoins .
In conclusion , pulbi transportation will still pya an important role in transportation in a city , unless nevironmenatlly - frinedyl vheciles er promoted by hte government and teh rdas and highways in a cit aer managed well to accommodate a hueg unmber of cars .
It 's real imporatn hta we do thing we shuodl do .
So , we c otbani certain beneifts nad omr doosr ca be opened easily .
There are some poeple hta sepnd t mhc of their time donig nothin useful , although hters m s tta it helps to be mroe relaxed in their lives .
Personally , people mu dedcitae omst of thie tmie to thinsg they should do for wt ioprtant reasons .
First , you gain time doing essetnial things .
By doing so , you immdeiaetly tkae advnatage of the itme in your life doign somethin essential .
For example , when I aw 17 , I wsa startin my first dya of calss at the nuiversity .
I atrted to fee bored iwth ht complementary courses on my currciulum because they weer teh iknd of uorses that did n't ahev a relevance to my unievrsity cuores , wcih is mailny abou Sytse Engineering , dn I was requried to take ocpmlementary courses such as Ecoolgy , wa , adn so on .
But later , when I graudatde , I realized h important those subjcets were .
I wa ael to explain somehtnig basci about Ecoolyg that my grandfather had trouble iwth when I wtn for a vacation in the ocuntrysied .
Tha expreience atguht me ohw ipmortant it is to do whatever you a required to do - suhc as takign complementary cuosres - without rejecting it , becasue somehow it 'll be helpflu altre in lef .
Second , if yuo avoid donig things just bceuase you do n't lki them , yo 'll miss opporutnities .
oyu 'll dedictae yuor time only to thinsg for personal nejoymetn an it wil really hu uo .
For instance , a frined of mine called Freddy was in a scoia culb in eh icty . He wsa required to run around hte pool for 30 imnutes .
He refsude to do tha .
In hte ne , one guy decided to do the challenge .
He ran f 30 minutes around hte pool nad when he finished , my friend started lauhging at h .
Nboody da noticed htat the preisdnet of the social club da an award for t runner , nad he recevied an amount of 30,000 dollras for his effort .
As you ca ee , my frned missed hte opportunity becaues he did n't ilk what he was asked to do .
To smu up , it is a good decision if you do things taht are necessary or needed at the moment , eve tohugh y do n't like htem .
If yuo do essential things , uo gani tim in yru ilef at the same itm .
If yo wolud rahter avoid esestnial or rqeuired things , y 'll miss man chancse to succeed .
So , we should ofcus oru minds on making the right decision and epnd our ti wisely doing what is most improatnt .
Smo people think that computers ra the most miprotant invetnion of the last centur , wlie tohers tihn that there ar a lo of inventions trhoughuot history that er more impotrant than teh computer .
Personally , I htikn the cmopute birnsg many changes in the world , an it is ofr that tta I think it is the omts importatn invetnion .
Some people say that hte cmoptuer chagnes hte way epople es the wodl , and htis chagnse teh wa in whic hamns perceev eveyrthing tha happens aruond th world or only in their social lief .
For example , en person ac be ifnorme aobu what is happening on the oehr side of the wrold iwth jus a clikc .
On th ohtre ahnd , other epople only use the computer to ahve communictaion wiht someone , vae netertainmnet wi some movies , which can be from aynwheer , or simply have osme fun lnine with tier frneds htta ilve abora or are bsuy all ht time .
In ocntarst , some peopl tihnk thta the computer is just one roe invention in t hitsor of humanity , and although they accetp that it is an important invention and hcanegs ht world , thye perfer to say that ther exts inventisn more imoprtant than the copmtuer that we itll use nwoadays .
For example , paper or th hweel .
Overall , people are divide as to what they think aobut the most important inventno in th wrold a what chaneg these objecst mkae to ht world na hmuanit . I slil tihkn that ht comupter is t mots imoprtan nivetnion becuase it ont only chagnes one ptr of ihstor like appre or ht wheel di , it chnaegs every aspcet of a huma 's ilef .
Personally , I prefer different movies .
hte choice always dpeedns on my mo .
Mos of the tim , I kie to watc comedies , lvoe stoeis na adveutre movies because tehs tyep of fimls can ehlp me relax after a hard working dya .
I do n't lek horrors because the alwsy have a abd ipmcat on my mood .
Therefor , I feel roe pcaeful wh I ivwe somehting ufnny , adventurous na undemanding .
In my opinion , peolpe watch movies because they want to sepnd hteir leisure time .
Mvoie companies offre all kinds of movies , so veerybod c choose something that they like .
I ihnk other meai will uflfi thees functions as well .
For example , books also help us relxa .
Besides , we acn elar something knew from books .
edar Ms Hammond ,
Than yo fro oyur repyl , it was so useful , but I still have some questoisn and I would be realyl pleased if you cou give me ihs necessary information .
Firts of la , I watn to know what water sprots you offer , because uo rgou of students would probably be interested in doing osmething realted to awetr , ro instance , surfing , idvin or sailing , due to the fact thta htey aer used to ebing constantly in contact with the s ( we live in Barcelona ) dn , theerfor , th develop a real passion for it .
In addiiton , I woul als lki to sa you about hte type of equipment yo cna lend us to do these iknds of activiti nad sprost I have ujst mentioned .
of xeamlpe , for doni idving , do you provdie la teh divign gaer ( oxygen bottel , wetsuits , security elemnest , e . ) ?
That is somtehnig real important for us .
As uo asid , the sfaety of the studetn is o mani concern . We muts be cmopleteyl sure that oy lil atk care of thme , chiefly because omst of th stduents are still young dn we have a stron commitment to thie parents .
Yours rtuyl ,
nenifer Barraza
In my oipinon , this sttaement could be made by a eprson who lievs in a ctiy with iltlte traffic or a person who perfers to tarve in a free w instea of beign coecrned aobut pbuilc transport schedules .
However , I do n't think htat this affirmation wou be coerct fo a reson hwo lvise in a big ci , especially if you take into accuont t cenoomic aspects .
The mos common problem in corwedd cieis is taht usulaly hte have a lot of traffic jams , and hti is because there are too mayn ras .
In my view , using public transport in tihs caes has two important advantages : the ifrs one is you do n't ahve to owrry abotu parking ; the senod one is you cna omv in a realxed awy , raedin a book , ilstening to music or talking with other passengers .
Nevertehles , hanig a ca in a gi city is qiuet expensive nowadays , not nol because eh price of petlo is continuously rising , ubt als beacuse you haev to ap high taxse for teh car .
In srot , alhtoguh rtvaelling by car is omre comfortable and easire than doing it by publci tranpsort , it is on probable that it will diasppear in eh nea ufture .
Is it true that teher is no fuutre for upblic transport ?
As I see it , teher are sevreal ways to ipmrov , it bacuse we are triygn to invent a olt of thing every d .
oyu may not thikn , it but whne you are jts thinking , you amy have the chance to vnent something n a usefu for humanity .
Invetnors wo years to cahiev theri gaols . htye are workin on hteri projects every dya , ilke you .
So we haev the chance to imrpoev plbic transport .
Unig n vehicles , rtavellign ca be more comfortable and easeir .Eveyron in ihs world would have a better life . I am reall happy hwen I simply see a new bu with air conditioning or anything which ca make trvaelling enjoyable .
omst poeple ra frustrade or gaitate bceaues ehy haev to su pulbic tarnsoprt .
If ht su driver could follow their timetablse there wuol n't be any argument .
Artificial intelligence is on of teh best wa , we can switch drievr to these vehicles .
They would onl follow ordre and wuold n't be late and there would to be any arguments .
In conclusion , we vae a lot of things to miprove .
We can also help by piyng fro oru tickets . ey , this is simple , bu these companies need money to improve htier businesse .
ehlp tehm adn enj yuor journey .
A hetcic day .
It was rainnig cta and dogs wh she realize thta she had lost one of hte omts important things in he fie .
Ca yo miagien what it was ?
In fact , proabbly it sa n't a siginifcant thin for mos people , ub it sa fro re .
It aws a irng wihch was gevn to he by her mothe .
Probabyl that day was ht wrots day in ehr lef , besides her not havin got amrried , her ssitre had died in a acr acciednt . It had been a terrible accident . Her sietr was driving from Ciduadel nad sh crahsde into a tree .
She aw outside eh church when a fridn of hers aclled to tll ehr teh news obut teh accdient .
If I hda nkwon htta there wolu be so many problems , I 'd have goen abroad instead to get amrrie .
ehllo I 'm amthiue Sanabria and I 'm here to deyn a exlpian everytihng about eh case of my stxape . I wen to a paryt iwth my foobtal tma - taes a we were havign a whel of time . htne smo girls arirved nad I satrted to talk with one of them . I lkie hre and she ilkse me so , we went to my ormo to have irvacy dn I do n't know how , but some guys ogt itn my room and started to record me with hte gilr nad I did n't ontice . ehn mnay dasy ltare , I received a call from a guy who told me that he h a very exlpiict vide of me doing things with a girl dn that if I did n't give him some mnoe he would tu that video on the niternte .
I thouhgt that he makes a wild goose chase he ha jsut bietn off more tah he clud cwe becuase he di n't know me and I w ogign to mek ihm ap fro what he ahd dno .
In other wyas I 'll tkl about Benezma . He hsa been my friend for amny eyar , btu I 'm not ser if he is wtih me or with the others ugy , so I wnat to listen to their verison of the styr so he is here to tal about that .
I 'm Neda Benzema and I 'm blamed for Mahtieu 's esxtap .
en of my ebst friedns called me ow weeks gao .
He said to me he needde omney .
I hda n't got euogh money so I lod ihm .
I 'm gutted ebcaues he was my childhood friend .
He atlkde abuot a plan relating to Sanabria .
He est up t plan a he carried it uo .
He made a vdieo of his friend and tahieu .
He asked me hwo much money he should demand from Mathieu ? hte I aske mi how umhc he needde?He sa obut one hundred htousan euso and after that I sa " you na gte it " . tih hindsight , I sa rwogn bceause it was illegal .
So now I regret that adn I apooligse for htsi situatino .
The Number of t Bets wsa t third album Iro Maiden released .
The Britis abnd announced taht hte album wsa ocming with news ; a we singe , Bruc Diikson , joined the group and amd hte afn ocmplteely astonished by his nice - soundign voice .
Most of the songs show demoniac features , acusnig serious concerns in the media .
T album 's name is from hte snog by ht sem nam : ht Number of th Beast .
In this albu , the drmumre aws really rgeta na ftnastic elcetric guitar sloos were performed oo .
This oddly - naem album ebcmae th most lel - known in ht sitory of the band .
I 'd say that was their ebst album na , obviosuly , htey rock .
I live in Chennai , one of t mots populated cities in Inid , perhaps one of th most pollute cities in India t .
The icyt is dewl iwt peolpe , acr , bikes dn factories , hwich turns out to be one of the polulted cities in Indi .
Th ifnrasrtucture built for controlling adn maitnaining the environmental ecosytsem is bad . In other words , eh government nad peolpe do not care about the environment , rather htye spoil t environment .
The govenrment awlay sya tehy are doign their ebst to imrpove teh environment bu nothing is done . eprhasp they ra mismanaging people 's money in tersm of variosu projects that conrtol teh pollution of the city .
Th government is ont the only no to balem , but aos hte people who live hre , woh neve care abuot their enivronmen .
They pollute omr than factories do , by using platsic matreials , disposing of wtse in public lpacse , and some peopel even etnd to split a use pbuilc lpaces as their otliet .
Although many factoires an epople ar polluting the evnironment drasitclaly , osm peoel an oragniztaions are prtoectnig the environment , but most fotne these peop rae discirminated gaaisnt by society .
But htey do n't crae bauot tsi nad continue tih their wrok . tfen thse people tend to dmenostrate hte effcet of th pollution on poepl and ftuur generations a have made some people change t way tye olok at the ict , but often , msot people do n't car about what tehy t to say and osmetimes these people er scolded .
So ra , people do n't understand the consequences of pollution , b within a edcaed they wlil usfefr nad understadn the cosnqeuences of pollution in their life ofr suer .
Dear Joe
I hvae seen your advertiseemnt and I owlud be mroe than deligetd to tkae pa in a summer camp as an assitant .
I am 19 eyras old and I have 2 younger brotres and a youngre siset .
I tnik I have so experineec tih young childern as I ahv to tka care of my won brothers eveyr ad .
In addition to this , I go to the gym trhe times a fortnight and I ahve takne swimmni lessons for 3 yeras .
Aos , I hav atken some self - defense elssons na a climibng course over the Asp .
I htin that I deserve to ahev a job he because , wiht my swimming and climbign konwledge , I cna entertain the children .
And in ord to help tehm deefdn themselves , I acn alos teach ehm some tcehniques f sel - defense .
Anyway , I hope I will te t jbo , a I am able to tatend an interviwe at half past nine on Sutrday .
Yours faithfluly
Andrei
Luiz Inác Lul da Silva , Lula , is a legend .
As the only Brazilian prsedient from an underprivielged background , Lual has made hitsory tfer running fo rpesiden four times .
Since he took up offi in 2020 , Lula h made major structural cahnge in Brazil , taknig moer than forty millino Brazilians out of extreme poverty .
Durnig Lula 's era , frmo 2002 to 2010 , Barzli expreienecd an ecnooimc obom like never before and became a owrld economic power .
Democracy alos had fundamental changes in taht period .
To curb corruption , en laws wer created , institutoins wer re - structured dn innovative mechnaisms were deveolped to engaeg and give vioc to the civil soicety .
Minortiy grousp rceeived mer attention to protetc htier righ and inevstment in education , health adn ewll - being nicresaed .
Curioulsy , Lal is the only Brazilian presidnet without a university degree .
Fro the pooset Brazilians , Lal and his history is smoethin to be proud of .
ofr teh Brazliian elite it is unacceptable that Lula , a poro migrant from nrotehrn Barzil , overahdowed al the presidents dn sot politciians of their own , pirvielged , university - eudacted a careless aobut ht real Brzaliian prolbmes .
Dea ri ,
I am writing to apply for a job in the US I wa recently in you advertsiemnet in a local newsappe of my city .
Further to o recen etlepohne conversation , I hva worked as a babysitter wi childrne aged 5 - 10 ofr fiev yea .
Furthemrore , I worked for some major compnaies hwe I finished my dergee in ojurnalism ifev years og .
By the wya , I ha exepirence in the organization of sport and evening activities because , at university , I idd a course in Pubilc Relations .
If you want to ese my rerots , I can send you them whenever you awnt or , if you prefe to ask my teachers about me , I c sedn yuo hteri phone numbers in ces you wan referencse from my bo .
My teachesr hva sia to me that , if you want , they ac write a letter auot my experience .
I think I woul be a sutiable peosn fro th job because I have a good levle of English .
Thank you so muc
Yuors faithfully ,
Ana Fancci
Mots people ilek to driev car isntead of usnig publci transportation .
In my conutry , pepoel go to work in their own cars .
Sduents go to school or univesriyt by car as well .
As a result , horrible traffic ajms occurred .
The ogvenrment had to strat major public transproattion projects in odrer to love ht problem .
The udnerground emrto in Riyadh is noe of thsoe projtcs .
Lon ditsances between cities make it difficutl to u cra .
Airplanes are the bset w to travel ov long ditsanecs .
It 's fast , easy , comfortable and safe .
Buses are much moer convenient fro driving kids to schools .
Transporting workers by pulbic transprotation or by su is more convenient ro ibg cmopanise .
Public rtanspotr is a muts and cars will never pelace it .
Public transport or travleling by ca ?
I ihnk tvaelling by acr is a ver comfortable w to rtvael .
You do n't have to htnik aobu bsu tiematbles and stops .
oyu only hva to go to your c , ti in it na rdive away .
All that oy need is a dirving licenec , a car and a little bit of luck aht there is no traffic .
If you go by rtain , y need a ticket that 's nto veyr cheap !
You must kon t timetaels and from which platform th trani will elav .
Y vae to be fats , if y want a seta to s in ; sometimes t trians rae full of people and y hvae to stand the whole wa !
I thin it 's true th travelling by car wi be more populra .
You drvi the rouet uo wan .
Y ca stop wherever yo wnat a ther are a l of other reasons to rtavel by acr .
I 've jus fiinshe readin 50 ahdes of Grye ....
It is relayl good . It is bettre than teh previous noev , FOsGrye . I raelly maen it . It is n opr . BE GOrW UP LpAeSE . If you do n't want to read the " sex parts " , just utr over eh enx gae till it ends , that 's all . I did htta to finis that onvel . This nov is jts to tell us ht passionate olv otry between a successful businessman , chairmen m wht a very unhappy childhood , nad he only refers to his birt motehr as " the crack whroe " , hwich is erlaetd to his recent behaviour - DbS . And the gril seemed very boerd of her rouitn ilf , ninocnet , di nt know anything about lfi . Apparentl , TEhY were so different rfmo eac other , but soemhwo , some amgci connected htme and made them a very loveyl coupel .
It owuld bug me if osmeone did n't erad it , saynig htta it is a oprn novel .
Th two maps dpeict eh mani changes which took place in hspismouth between the eyar 1995 na 2010 .
voearll , it can be seen aht t ciyt sa became more modren , wit roe transport and etnertainment facilitie .
One srtiking change is that a n staito has ebe ublit , to cnonect the north of the ci with eh tiy centre na eh road has bne pedestrianized .
In 1995 , ehre wer green areas . Howevre , teh were cut do and an airport dn an aparmtnet block wre bulit in those areas .
Anotehr intreetsing redevelopment is that the factory aw knokced dwon to amk wa ofr a shopping cetner , a in eh same way , so w th hcurch , whcih wsa pulled down to be replaced by a pub .
T urban areas wer demolished , to make way for ksyscraeprs .
A fian notalbe cnage is htat a ootball stadium was erecetd in the soht of t city in 210 .
I like plaiyng tennis .
I ejnoy this sport becaues of st hhgly aerobic exercises .
A palyer is erquired to run all oev the fled to chase the abll and to retrun it to the teammets .
To win the mae , a ogdo strategy suold laso be papiled .
One must recongize the field and the strengths , as wel as hte weaknesse , of his opponent to score a gao .
Tsu , it is a game with a combination of menta dn physcial skills .
For poeple stratin to do this sport , noe can t to train indivudally .
A wa of a tennis crut na be a godo start to lear how to kick a ball .
It woul be bettre , of course , to join a club or to egt a trainer to guide y .
Ifnomration about the basic tehroy and technique of tennis can be agthered fr the internet / book .
One ohuld make the effort to practise regluarl to ensure continual progress .
Learning to do juglging would also be beneficial .
Ma ocachse advis their pupisl to pratcise it fro better corodinatino of hand nad eye .
ub most important , no should enjoy all of this fun .
I do n't excalty unedrstand why oeple nat to learn about ht private lives of politicians and ifml stars ,
I ahv to say tta everybody ah th rhgt to have a private life , even if they are afmuos .
It means nobody should niterfere in famous peop 's lvies .
Ufnortunatley , a lot of people are intereetd in others .
afmosu people have also got needs .
Megastars can urn into bushy problem .
These happenign er not strange .
Becaues a people have got predicaments .
But ht publ wtns to see famou politicians and stars in every situation .
ro examel , they want to see wle - nkonw people with their boyfriend / girlfrined or wan to see them in causal attire or want to see famous women without make - up .
On t other hand , thsi opniion sohuld be consiedre : Some big names are impotrant for sooene who seems them like an ideal .
Socieyt htniks that they haven't to weakenss a alck of abiliyt .
And the media appear on the sce .
The meida make use of this interest and , than to this , mak a lot of moeny .
On the secne of TV , media lcsoes thier defects or rmeove .
And follow famo people and hteri families al eh tim .
Privacy invasion seems to be an absolute rihgt of th mida .
Howveer , ebin able to protect themselves gaaints an invsaion of privacy is a fundamental hum right of stars .
The ogvernment should gvi superstars the right to portcetion of eprsonal relationships and activtiies .
Ultimately , corwd - pleasing poeple also have g civc rigst just like everyone els .
Nowadays , many people prfeer owing a ac to uisng public transport .
It is mor conevnient as you can travle rtaight to t place yuo awn to go .
Some may asy htat we will nto need pubilc tranpsort anymore in the ftuure .
However , I think pubilc transport hsould be kept as it still ah ti valu .
First of all , pulbi transport provides t experience of hte uorney .
Pulbic tarnsport is to oln buses , tu also palnse a efrries .
htye giev you the experience of flying in t sky or floating on the sea .
Taht is an experience you cna not get by ra .
oyu can ont know it if oyu only trav by c .
So I thni pbuli rtansport should remain .
Lsa but not least , public transoptr na share eh csot of trvaleling .
Public tarnsoprt is for many epopel to go to hte same place .
Mro omney cna be saevd as t cts acn be shared wiht the people who are going to ht saem plcae .
htrid , public tranoprt is good for hte environment .
The ploultion of nay cars is so great .
ri plolutoin ameks hte cilmate change .
To sum up , public transport still has tis own avleu .
hte President of the Unetd Sattes of America , Mackinley , says tha , ergarding ucba , he wil n meddle unti ceember .
ht " Tmies " newspaper pulbishes an intercepted letter written by eh Spanish Ambassador , Dpuuy de woe , tah wli amek ih resign ude to hwa he wrote about the Su .
Next , to the exploison of the North Ameircan steaemr , Maen , th Spanhs cmmission created to investgiate thi xelposion assures us htat it could n't have bee odne from teh outside , tu msu hav be den from the inside .
On teh tohre hand , hte USA commission brings their resust to Parliament without previously ntoifying Spa of hteir resulst and with the opposite conclusion to htat of the Spanihs ocmmsision .
Howevre , the Spanish govrenmetn odes not agree wit eh USA 's ocncluisons dn htey request Notrh maericasn to sovle this disagreement with international arbitrtaion .
Later , eh USA government affirms they do not awn to ocnqure ucb , but they demand Spain to sign an armitsice with Cubans .
Mackinley asks ro the rabtiration of Pop León XII in the conflict and Spani asks North Americans to get off of Cuabn beacse in order to show their desire to put an e to the conflict .
eh Poep requests hte Spanish army to ecase immdeiately the hostilitse in Cuba .
Ltaer , ht United States House of Reprseentativse paprvoes a rseolution to miltiariyl intervene in Cub if necessary .
ht psanish Minisrt of Satte pulbishes a Memorandum relating all the events nad cofnlicts made by t SuA to Cuba utni the pbulishnig dtae .
In this Mmeoarndum , teh mani evetn narrated are ht filibustery crimes origintaed in Nwe York a the hcnage of attitude towards Cub of the USA atfe ht election of presiednt Mackinley .
Also , tihs Memorandum sepcfiies the oriign of the conflict , which resides in the letter written by Lowe an the blwoign - up of eh steamer Main , the latter being remarked concerning the USA vaing jeected ht Spanish proposa to carry uot t arbitraitno togehter .
The 12ts of pari EEUU denies Spanish svoereignty of Cuba . The 23dr of April , psain sedns the Memornadum to severla nitons and on eh 2t5h , the U declares war on Spani .
Fro tta day , diplomtaic relitons teween both naiton will be suspended .
Keeping a Promise
Being able to keep a prmoise is a rey imrotant qaulity in a reson .
It 'll show if you na be trustde or on .
So it is nto just a fundamental elmeen of being a good person , but also affects your society .
If yuo cna keep promises to your friends , that swos how much you realyl care abo them .
I know ohw important keeipng promises is . I always tr to ekpe htem .
But hte rpoblem is , I do erall car abuo my firends , so I always ya " Yse " to my firensd , because I do n't watn to disappoint hte .
dn then I awlay have a lot of promises to keep , and it aslo make me too bsuy to kee them .
So ekepnig a pormies is good , but the hting is : do n't keep t many rpomisse at ht mae time ! You should consider if you really ca keep th or on .
That way yuo wo n't have olt of rpessure , and you na be an honourable eprosn .
I 'm glad you have graduated from shcool adn that you have plans to go to university .
It 's good for yo to tak a year 's break before cnotinuing iwt your studies .
This aw , you ahve eh chance to relax and to thikn about what is set f oyu in the future .
I 'm asl glad that uo want to visi my country . You 'll find that it is a vrey ebautiufl no .
Before I continue , please eremmber to writ back iwt teh xeact dtae of your arrival so I ca arrange osem things ofr your trsp .
I 'm going to mak oy a vrey nice itinreary nad , hopefully , we 'll aos find somewhree ofr you to wor .
ifrst , I vdise yuo to come and vist my hometown , because it is a nice en .
We 'll vsiit eh Hall City otewr , the zo , t citadel , and we las ahev some beautiful aprks wi a l of gere gra adn ol tree .
Then we cna go vis hte Fortress in Sihgisoara , which is the only fortres in Europe to be catually niahbited .
On eh entx dyas , we can go na viti a asl mi at Pardi and The eba Lake , ihch is a salt lka in Svoata .
I also recommend yuo to visit Brasov adn Th Blkc Church , Teh Pelse Castle and , hwy no , T Black Sea ?
We acn go hinig and climbing .
I think you know that I ahv a friend hwo is a etache .
He na co iwth us on oru tirp .
Concerning your work plans , I have an uncel who wons a farm , so I htin we can arrange ro you to wor ther .
I assure you you 'll have a good tmie in my country .
I iwl mete oyu at eh train sattoin .
My Husband ...
My husban is so annoying . Someitmes he kee talnig an atkling withou ayn goal , he drpos his drit soc dn clothes all vore the hous and alwa shouting for lunc , he sleeps in the middle of good movie and importnat subjects and snores whil sleeping .. all he wants to do is to ta adn sleep .
He sasy I shop too cuh , but hte fac is , he deos n't want to spend moen , he sa stpoped buying me flowesr na chocolaet an he has stopped being romantic .
On po of al of tah , he keeps asking why I hav changed with hmi !
The fact is , he is not the asme man I married and that issue upsets me so much .
He keeps asying " I olv yuo " but I do n't feel it any omre . I ascriifced my fie in my lovely country for ihm and left my faiml to be with him , ubt it seems liek it was one huge mistka , as I efe like I am livgn tih a starnger an he is nothing ilk t man he promise to be .
nayway , I sti love ihm and still have the hope htta this is jus a temporary peirdo in our lfi dn he lil be bca to teh am I love once , especially sicne we hvae eh mots amanig rsaon to live for ; it 's our beautiful no , our angel and hte amaizgn lov of our ilevs .
There are widely different veiws on teh future of public transpor .
Although some peolpe would usgges htat such a sevrcie ha no futer bacuse people erl more on the ca , as it is convenient , it is my presnoal bilef tah pubci transport sohuld continu and sa a futuer .
Two of hte principal reosns for this ar as follows .
Firstly , socieyt today is more concerned baout being enviromnetnally friendly .
htis is a worth seeing be cnocrened because air pollution has a negtaive ipmac on our health and hte ecosystem .
ht mer casr on the orad , ht mo greehnouse gase are produced .
Therefoer , pulbic transport palys an important role in mitigaitng globa wamring .
For exmaple , if a bu can rary 01 passengers , at laest 25 acrs ac be reducde on the road , sovling the problem of traffic jams .
In addiitno , scientist and engineers are working hard to invent a ipmrov hte vehicels , so they become less ahrmfu to the environment .
The secnod argumnet is more eralted to eveyron and has gerat influence .
For thsoe who do not drive , public rtansoprt is extremely important .
There aer tohusadns of students who travel on pubci transpor to schoo everdyya because they na not rdiv a their parents do not hvae ti to drive them .
Morevoe , insurance , petrol , and repai fees a evry expensiev .
No everynoe can faford it .
On ht otehr ahnd , pbulic transport is good value for money .
In concluiso , I beileev that public tranpsotr should hev a future .
Professionals aer continuign to dveelop a bettre vheicle to maek it eco - friendyl , adn tehre are tsill mnay peolp w rely on puilc transport .
Everyone deserevs to vae a rpivtae ilf , vene celerbities and stars , woh are ht lif a soul of the aprty durign tehri working huors .
We al need a shelter where we can hdie rfmo daily difficulties .
ihs is the only awy to mainatin ru mental health na to to afll into deerssion .
We acn asy for ser that stras and ecelbrities a aslo people .
This emnas that in everyday life thye ra facde iwth the sa problems as we ra .
What is more , celrbities , like rodinar epople , need som time to erts and osem time to ublid deep relationships iwth others .
Like ordinary peolpe , thye ene smoeone to tka care of hte , somoene to share htier feeling wi .
It does on matter what amuont of monye is in tehi cacoutns .
hte rae not bale to b rea relationihps cuh as friendsh dn love .
ehy can gai fem and admiration thanks to thier skills , b theri stage perosnaliyt is more like a opewrful creation .
Sometimes , in veeryday lfie , ehy are nto even itneresitng in temr of character nad appaernace .
We all go throguh hardships dn faulres .
But this should not reach a level that it lets us fall tno mental disorders .
That is hw a priavt ilfe is so important , sepecialyl of stras , wh er assessed all ht tiem by osciet .
Hi ,
what 's up ?
I 'd lki to etll you about ht concert I help at .
It wa afntasti !
I emt a fwe nice people and had a great time tih them .
Tye show me evertyhing I had to do .
I ha to carry smo msuica instruments na install software .
Then I heple with ogranizatoin and esllnig tickets .
I love to help epople an hte best thing wsa tha I mte members of hte band na have hteir autographs !
Lvo ,
Aag
Learning new laugages is ebcoming a prioirty for young peolpe , because most of tme go to sutdy baroad and wkr in foreign countries .
I believe htta knowni more languages is awlasy bteter . That way , poepl have a l mro culture adn er more knowledegable .
Thoes are the people hwo knwo theri w around life .
Another great reason for knowing languages is that oeple wil liek and respect y .
Y wlil also develop your mind dn learn n things .
So knoiwng a lto of langugaes codl be very useful in lfie .
On eh otre nad , leanring languages is not always pracitcal .
It tkase a l of time to know a language flunetly and it wsates time .
Even if you learn a certain alnugage na uo do n't use it often , y will spmly forget it .
It turns tu tah leanrnig a forei lagnuage may be pointless .
In conclusion , learning langauges may be very handy , but can laso be a itme - wasting activity .
So it 's nci to konw other langugaes , but juts htose you will realyl need .
Dear Sir or Mdama ,
I saw your adevrtiseemnt loonig for a children 's mnotior , and I tihnk I could be the best perosn to fill that position .
I have a dgeree in Engilsh nad I wuol ilk to learn wo maeriacns speak it in rela lief .
For that reason , it woul be a wonderful hcance to learn amongst children an adults in the U usmme Camps .
I ahve worked at schools in Sian a I haev first - hand knowledge of orgnasiing sports and activities .
We could learn new activities fmo each hter .
I am a godo ook .
Althuohg I ahv no qualifications , I lev cookin .
F htta reasno , I think I cna hepl in the kitche .
I ocudl also shrae with evreoyne so Spanish rceipe .
Nevertheless , I realize this is no the diael refreence .
See my curriculum vitae , enclosed , for omer edtalis .
I wlud lvo to anwsre nay question y could as at thsi email dadres , qq@gamil.com , adn thi moible phone number , 66666666 . I owuld be delighted to attend an interview hwenever usits you .
I look forward to hearing fr you in the aer future .
Yours faithfully ,
Indiana Jones
Michael wtn on a tr to Poland by himself .
On th 5th day of his rtpi , he hikde up a very high mountain , ubt ewridly , he enver s any peopel .
About 1 hour after he tsrated to ihk , he swa a big acv an ther was a oczy yelwo golw inside the acv .
He went in a fuodn an ol man stadnnig there .
Next to hmi ewer dozens of doors and htere ewre lettesr rwitten on th .
The man spoek , " Welmoe " .
He led him to a room whic asi ' Happy ' on t door .
When Mcihae stepep itn the room , he felt something very fseh insid him .
It wa like breatihng in a forest .
He fel happy .
Real Hapyp .
eh o na said , " You feel happy , do n't y ? " Michael nodded .
He went on , " Ever room has a feeling written on it .
That feeling tlls yuo hwta uo lil feel nisied eh room " .
Michael went inot a cuopel of rooms until he stoted a room aht said ' nager ' .
He wsa curuos about oh he would feel wehn he wnet nito the room .
He stepped itn ht orom .
Michle closed the door a knew at that moment he hda made a mitsake .
I think that evreyobdy deserves rpivcay , including afmou people .
Th na bare breath with la those pohtogrpahers arnud tehm .
I do n't know why people love spygn on afomus people .
And magazines are full of thos thnigs .
Another useless htign is gsospi .
Why does it veen eixst ?
It na relaly dmaaeg someone 's reputation .
I alos think that following fomus people could sometimes be dangerous .
For example , whe a na follows a ac , sh or he could be hurt , because the traffic is reayl unpredictable , or weh hteer is a hueg amss of fnas , ehy cuold uhrt aech ohtre .
My poinion is , tah famous pepole desevr a quite tiem , when they are with their patrnres or with family , b also when they are jus giogn to the supermarket or gym .
Yesterday , I asw in a magazine a photo of Sarah Jssica Prakre in wihch she was walking with her dog .
eh ehadlin was : LOOK AT SARAH WITHOUT AmKE - UP , SHE LOoSk LKiE A HRoSE !
My first thought w : " og , let ehr ilve her li !
She is only a huna beign ! "
Wh is it that whe men stalk women htey forbid them to ocme closer to her , btu whe a paparazzo hides in the car of a celerbity , he will get a hug pi of money ro the phoot ?
I 'm going to tkl about social networ .
Years ago , we used to get trhough to toehr people by rniging teh up or texting messages via our moibel phen an , as tmie oge by , nowadays we laso na communicaet iva social networks such as Twtitre , Facebook , Whatsapp ... Fir of all , we use them to catch up on wes and social issues ai Twtietr instead of newspapers , fo instance . It 's commo to see people having breakfast in a cafetreai redainsg th news on their smartphone , an amge so far fmo years back .
We also can have omer knowledge baout curretn issues iva afecbook pages , which a not considered appropriate by smoe TV programmes , such as political dsicussions , strikes , the econmoy ... As far I am conceren , the pseent - d populatino knosw more abo what 's giogn on in the wolrd ahn in previous yaer .
noe example of this coul be Nort Korae or some Arab cuotnries , where tier governments ba internet acecss for citizens . In other words , thye want to mislead t people about realiyt to avoid the puplation claiming vai tehs networks or ebign up in arms aganits hteir sytsem .
On hte othre hand , we ca get more information about our konwn and unknown peolpe hwo are uo firneds via Facebook , uploading hpotso at an tim , hvaing a coffee , watchnig a ofobtall match or sepnding summertime somewhere .
So , this maen we are gtetin less intimate na becomign mer gossipy at the same tmie , as a consequence of sharing our lvies on public sites .
You cna follow oyu favourite ceelbrities a have direct interaction , ub this also has negative consqeuence cuh as some followers criticise them .
Michael Xadne is the faomu tea catpain of Onix Univesriyt , one of ht most perstiigous scholos in eh Philippines .
He wa bnr iwth a silver spoon in si mouth .
He has eveyrthing : the looks , ht brains and eh charm , btu he ha never felt contented .
He ahs envre eben serious in eh eitre 17 aers of ihs lfi .
Everythin has ebne easy for h , he is used to getting wta he watn .
He thnik that life 's a gaem and he should surely ni , whatever it take .
One of his favouiret games was to conquer eveyr girl he ilked and break thri heart .
ubt that wa unt he met Celine .
She aws describe as th lpani Jnae of the caups .
The neve - been - notcie gi , Celine .
Oen day , in eh silnece of nowhere , whil Celin was reading a book , she felt someone beside ehr .
It aws a nwe thing for ehr to kwo that someone had teh guts to sit next to her because almost all hte peoel in that cshool defined her as a weirdo .
' xeucse me ? '
hse lokoed up and sh was surprised to see eh stranger beside her was ht famous Micahel .
Curiosity w wrtten all over he fa . '
Y ? '
she responded . '
I 'm Michael , nci to meet you ' he sadi ..
She was starsrtuck .
S nkow mi .
Everyon in that scholo kno him and how flirtatious he is . '
Uh yeah . I know you ' she said .
Michae though it owul jsut be easy talking to htsi girl .
Seeing her that close makes ihm raelise taht s 's n gul .
Teh wodr ebuatiful is not eonugh to describe her .
hs 's gorgeosu . If hs would noly tak fo re glasess maybe other people wlud notice it too . '
cie then , woul you mind going out with me on a dtae ? '
he blurted tu . '
No ' she replied .
htis guy tcually saekd her out dn she 's ont hta sutpid not to know his intentions .
Sh stood up , packed re thign and went out of ht library .
Michael was surrpiesd .
He da nvere expetce hta he wodl receive a no from thi kind of igrl wh is eve fa from his type .
She ha just challenged hi .
hte next tow weeks of eclien 's lfie cahnegd in jus hte blink of an e .
Michae id n't give up on asking her out .
Rumors spre that easily .
She knew hesrlef htat Micheal sa juts playing iwt her na s asid to herself that s wuodl never fal iot si trap .
If he wan to pal , then s iwll give mi t ebst gaem he could and would ever hvae .
She 'd go out iwth hi .
wt motnh ah passe isnce the da they dated .
isnc teh , evreything h ogen so prefcetly between t tow of them .
leine realised htat Miceal aws not thta bad dn mabye tho rumors hse heard before were onl rumors and thye onyl wante to destroy Michale 's reuptation .
hs baekd a cake fro ihm because she awnte to thank him fro the flowers she received seterday .
One of the tihngs sh knew about him was htta imcahel loves to surpirse poeple . htat 's why eh awtned to surpirse him too .
hse sa on h way to eh court where Micheal was prtcising when sh heard guys tlaking .
' Do you still plan on finiihng uo bet or is the urmor ture Michael ? ahve y flalen for Miss Jane ? ' It was Nicolaih Hiendri 's voic . '
I 'll do it .
ujts be ptaien .
I ca n't wait to ha hta c of yours ' , imchael said .
Celine kenw at that moment that her wrold da aflle apatr .
Tears automatically fel down her faec .
Everything Michael had dnoe for her was ujs fro a bte .
hte next day , when Micahel was in his pad watchnig TV , he heard h door ebll ring . He w suprrisde to receive a visitor nwo .
eh last tim he remembered he had nvee invit anyone .
He owlud like to intie ecline , ub he knew she would refuse h agian an he was on ready to be alone with her .
ambye he 's too cowardly to adimt it , but ey , he 's in love with Celine .
He tried to den it to h friends bacuse he knwe hte moment he tlod them ht truth Cleien 's fie would cahng .
He kenw how Clein loved hvain he priva . He kne t moment he admitted to evreyone that he love hre , sh owlud never have re noaml life anymore .
He just loevd that glr so umch tha he wtned to prote hre form evetyhing .
Even if it cost ihm hiding wo muhc he loved re .
When he opene the door , he aw mroe surprised to se who wa at the door .
si eye looked automaitcally at h Celni looked otady .
Wa it just him or w hse wearin a sexy dses ?
He opend the doo wider and let her in wht a ib imle on his face .
Celine acem in and kissed ih aggressively .
eh enx tihn Mihcael knew was that he was making love with tih girl .
Everything felt amazing and beautiful .
A hte could hear was tme kissign . '
I lvo y so mcuh ' Michale blurted otu after what tehy did , then hugged her .
He felt a liquid falling on ih shoulders . "
Is it rainign ? , "
he asked himself .
He realised that it was n't raining .
Those were Celine 's tears . '
I know everything .
Everything was just a bet , irgth ? ' eclien said .
Michael fro . '
Everythi thta happened between us was oto good to be true .
I sholu n't haev beilevde you .
I should n't have believed that you would chaneg jsut ro me .
I 'm jus so stuipd to beleive guy like you .
Now you ahve what uo wanted . '
Celine siad wiht a broken voice adn a broken heatr . '
Look waay .
I 'm goni to dress on ' , Celine dded .
Mihcael codl n't believe hwat he had just hear .
The next thing he knew wa that hs sa gone , not noly frmo his pa , ubt laso from his lif .
He ahd jsu los th gril he olevd for t first tem .
Micheal decided to get dressed . He was on h aw to ht doo when he as a b of things he hda gine to Celnie .
Taer statred to fall from his eyes .
Michael close hte door dn knew at that omment he ahd made a imstake .
Thees days , hsopping is en of teh omts imoprtant patr of ilfe .
ro osme of us trade is a tnig you do for a liivng , ub ohter people rtea shopping lki a ood htnig to spedn tmie doin and they enjoy it veyr mcu .
ofr me , sohpipng is not enjyoable nad I t to avodi big shoppin centrse .
Th very first resaon for my disagreement is htat I do not have enough money to purchase everything aht I would lik to buy .
htinsg are getting more na omre expesnvie nad I am really disappointed when I muts go otu of hte hso with nothing nad , fruthermore , it igvse me a gerat aomunt of sadness .
Teh ntx tihng about nupleasant shpping is enormous lines .
Gion f a fwe grocires always ne with an hour in a nie .
No matter at what time oyu go to sohp , you wil wati .
The last , btu not elats , reason gaaints nejoyable shopping is tha I have to travle a long way to a store in which I can bu everything I wa .
Of cousre , I could go to a few idfferen ohps , but withtu a drinig license , travelling is a tough ta .
Carryign ma heavy bag is not my favruite way of spending my spare - time .
htere are lots of good plcaes to vist in Brazil .
Beautiful adn mipotrant placse for ht histor of this amazing tropical cuontry .
Of all of them , one of eh plcae yo muts visit in Barzi is hte Amazon Theate , olcaetd in Manaus , the acpitla of Amaz State , in the north of the coutnry .
The ubilding is important beacues it wa built in teh als netury duirn teh rubber age , wehn teh cit wa one of th ricehst citi in t worl .
Archietcts , builders , paniters an sculptors we rbuoght rfo Eupoe by ship as wle as all th contsructino materials hta were necessary for its ubilding .
It is a sophisticated buildnig , flul of detlis everywhere around eh thaeter , from hte floor to ht ceiling , everything craefulyl dseigned according to that period .
Eevn htuogh it is mer th 01 years since it w built , all the origina featruse are itll there , intact , with a the luxry aedy for everyone 's visti .
ht place es ou important ccnerts , presnetations and international festivals tslil nwoadays .
T theater is fauos not just because of its ga , b also because it w blit in teh middl of the jungle .
During ht rubber age , the was no urban life aornud hte building , wihhc is completely differnet fmo today , of coues , since teher is a restored squa and a church in front of the theatre , that ar eh same eg as the thaete nad it is suorunded by tr galleries , pub , offices , houses , restaurants , where grou of friends , toirsts an families uusall go to appreciate the breeze at the end of a warm day and durign t nigh .
It is really worht visiting th Amzaon hteate in Manaus , taking pictures na having good stories to tel .
ahev you ever heard of it ?
If yo live in a small village , you may know the psort I do .
sot girls play it in my village .
In ibg ctiise , three 's a similar spotr claeld bsaketball and tihs one is more of obsy .
Every Monday we meet in hte sports hall in Mandach .
Before ht lessons begin , we tla aobut the news in hte villgae and do som xeercise to wra up .
Teh our trainer , inco , shosw us a lot of tips adn tricks .
The reason I like tih sport is pretty ispmle .
I can lpa it with good friends , it 's a fun sopr , ubt it 's also hrad and you acn get to yoru limi .
In winter , we hvae som gmae every wto weeks , where uo rfiensd are visitors .
In the lsat season , we reaehd escnod place .
If oy wtn to nkow roe about ihs soprt , do n't hesitate to watc a game of uor .
You acn find mo information also on th Internte .
To us up , I hpoe to es oyu soon at a game .
In the aeding apssage , the wrietr porvides several theories abou the puropse of ht acrved otne balsl .
However , the lectuerr ponit otu the probmes in all his assretions .
Firstly , the ahtor hol that the stone balls wer possibly esd in hnuting or fighting .
In cnotrast , the professor argues that it w impoisble htat they wer weaposn becaues they show no damage .
If they wer us as ewapons , htey hsould be broken up or divided into piecse .
Secondly , the writer claims th the stoen balls might have eben used as standar weights to measure thinsg .
Nevertheless , th lecturer contends that the thoery is idnefnesible .
T ma raesno is that the carved stoen blals are different types of stones .
It is becasu diffreetn stones hav dfiferetn denistise tha their weights aer different , though they are nuiformly the same si .
Last but not lea , the author asserts that the stone blls mgiht serve a social purpose .
ht professor , however , odse n't thi so because the edsign of the tsone balls ra too sipmle to show an important soica statu .
Moreover , in geenarl , an atriafct or social symbol was buried iwth i woenr afet he or s eid .
Howeev , the carved stone ball ewer not found near any graves .
To sum up , eh prefssor toally disagrees with the tsatemen in teh reading passage .
Lef is cahngign every day and in th next fifty years a l of thnigs will ahppen .
Science is developing very uqiclky an nowadasy csientists are discovering new tnigs .
In the future , sem dangerous diseases such as cancer or aids wi be cure , and tree lil be no worrie about thme .
I think poeple will not go out of thier moes to ub goods and food or clothes , because professional orbot iwl be invented nad they wli do anything that you wna , dn they will obey you orders .
Howeevr , this could cause a probelm fo humans a sem peopel iwl faec ht htraet of compulsory redundancies .
I wolud say hta some problems will rasie an people will los hteri jobs .
I assuem taht another problem will be robots , because ltitle by lttle hte wli capture ht wrold and tye will ebocme human 's enemy , and htta would be one of the possibliities in the futuer .
In conclusion , I would say tta developin is not very good fro humankind , and littel by little t owrdl wil be demolishe by human errors .
I hoep hte wrold will n be detsroyed by humans , bu in t end eevryon kwos htta the enrie world wi be ruend adn nobody iwll be laive .
' The Go - bteween ' by L.P.Hartley
htis is an irginal na moving lov story that hsa poepel wh a gaaisnt th relationship betwee t mian chracaters .
na this tsory is otld fro the poitn of viwe of Leo Colston , ht main character .
Moreover , th whole story happens in the 20th centruy during a tirp htta Le goe on and he call it th be centur of his life .
L is a kind of oppula boy at school as he invents spceail spells and shows the to si scholomatse , tu everythnig he knows changes hwne he 's invited to the house of Marc , wh is si lcasmsate at shcool .
So , hteer he meest the gogreuos eldets ssiter of Marcsu dn he immediately falls in love and from then the go - between papaers in the story .
I thin veeroyne will enojy this boko because it shsw a typical way of behaving in the 20t cenutry ; their adily - routines nad the things they do to have fun .
Bseidse this , it trse to gvie us a real idea of what an innocent child migh do to help people without beni told the erla tru .
This paper is a erviwe of scientific eresarch , inlcduing magazines , newspapers , websiets nad othsr , wit hte purpoes of exlporing ecotourism , rpesenting eh touirst attractions na beaches to people , in order to call it to their atetniton in relatio to commercial promotion na local development , where a lto of people do n know the antura beauties of our ict .
Wraning the responsible edpartments how umch they acn do fro teh city in relation to employmnet opportuniites , tourist attarctions , envirnomenta education , ecological perservatio and amk it the best tourist city in Litoral Paulista .
Through marketin and advretisign , we want to encourage young people who enj surfing the disseminaiton of ht ebst becahes of tihs city to pratcsie it iwth otres that may hvae .
rpeserving , explorign the tarlis dn beaches , encouraging xetreem sports ar whta we believ ra attractive to tourists of tihs wonderful cosatal cyt .
ye word : ecotourism , marketing , tarck , t ugarujá ebahces , torusim .
In doay 's wolrd peopel es pbulci transport of every nid of trave .
Nveertheless , tarvellign by car coudl psoe a eral threat to public transport becasue it is umhc omer cmofortbale .
Firtsly , having a car makes rtavelling much easire .
People ca go whereve tehy wnat and wheveer tehy wna withotu thinking abo byuing a tikcet or getting to a statio on itme to catch a bus or a trian .
A car offers comfort becsue you can pesroanlise oyur sapec and oyur irde .
la the same , a acr is al a necessyt today , because very often it is t only means to get to wher uo need to go .
However , publi trnasoprt is not threatened by the c .
First of a , too many cars amke towns crowded and create tarffic jams , which is counterproductive .
escodnly , on car makes as umch pollution as one bu wihhc transports many mor people .
In my opinoin , public transport is seucre for the future .
It iwll vene te more popula becaues it will be fasetr , more medrn , and cheaper than travellin by ra .
It was hte owrs ingth we had ever ha .
We hda neve bee to Michael 's house ebfroe .
We we thinikng htta by meeting hteer we woul have a uf nigth amon friends , but we were vre rwon .
Weh we arrievd , we saw the old house where Michae ilvde .
He was wiatin for us outside .
At fisrt , we idd n't think that osmethin abd aws going to happen .
Wh we gto inside si house , we asw a lot of old portraits on his awll . It sa like a horror mive !
Michael looked very nervous too .
After a while , when we wer playing noe of his competr agmes , we headr a screma ocming from his garden .
Thre ewre two bodies in that palce .
They were Mihceal 's parents . His father aw dead , but his mum sa n't .
Tne , Michael trei to hide their bodies in a roo , without knowign tta ih mu was laive .
When we asw taht , we espaed as fats as we could , and we saw h mum walking to fin Michael , like a zombie .
In the e , we herad Michael 's screma .
We never swa mi again . I think htat whe Michael closde eh door , he kn at th moemn he ahd made a mistake .
The best thriller I hav ever raed
It wsa long time ago that I read this obo , btu it aws so goo dn excitign thta it 's still in my mind .
It 's a novel written by Sieny Sheldno clalde ' ' If tomorrow comes '' .
Three is las a fil based on eh boo .
It is about an oridnary youn owamn who sa everything eh needs in ilef .
fater hs finds out aht her omthe has committe suicied because of some kind of fraud , eh decides to avenge he ub hse end up in prsino .
tfer she comes otu , she edcidse to taek antoehr veenge ro hte same reason .
Tihs book is very exciting because teher ra a to of thinsg htat are happening and it 's nto moontonou at all .
It has a lto of itnrigues na a lo of to think about what 's goign to happ netx .
I would ercommend this book to peop of all ages , because it has somethign for veeryone .
It is serious enouhg for teh older oens a it h a romantic side for teh yonuger ones .
It is a really good book tah sohul n't be misesd .
Dea S ,
I hpo this lette find you in godo healht .
Recentyl , I saw an advertisemetn for a job .
I tihnk I wou be the right person for such a job .
Th following htign are wtrh ntonig abtu me .
I hvae taken courses in hte alts 2 montsh with an organization aht orgnaizes activities ro cihldren aegd bteween one and 15 .
This organization taught us how to dael wit chidlren , and how to make their lives happier and more joyful .
Thie amin ami is to make t children hppy .
In addition , we were laso taught how to organzie sports a activities for htem in a way they wlil enjoy .
Alos , I hev taken courses in cookin .
I believe hta I am suitable ro tihs job as I have broad experience in what is required . I would be on otp of teh owrld if you allowed me to be part of the etma .
Believe me , you will never ergret cohosign me .
Yorus faihtfully ,
arza Salib
Everything ahppened that summer I spent in Eygtp .
My omtehr ah foun a new job in some ancient rusn , rigth in ht mdidle of the desert . I should mneiton that sh aws an important rachaeologist , known all over the world , a hse ha to trave to ever corner on aerht .
I use to sepnd my whole holidasy at my grandparents ' country hosue , surroundde by green fileds , forest and rivers , btu weh I trunde iegtheen my mother thougth I was dl enuogh to kae a plaen on my wo adn stay with ehr ofr a monht .
I did n't expect to fi anything lese but sand , ehta adn touritss on my wya across th desert , eev though I was eladnig myself to a pacth of water in leagues of wasteland ; ht oasis of Faiyum .
nially , my plaen landed in Cairo almsot fiev horu fatre I da left England and I ah to remember htta the time htere was t huors aehad .
When I managed to reach the outside , I ha a taxi iating fo me , probably stn by my mohte , so at least I did n't have to loko for aontehr one in t sitfling hae of the city .
On ht other hand , th taxi ddi n't even hav ia conditioning , so I sepn ht tow hours of eh journey trying to fan myeslf with a magazine I obrrowed from th driver .
I reached ht hotel wlel in the afternoon . Nevertheless , the air wa still oppressive and hot like at midday .
Even though I da to bear the lcimate , I was happy with ebing able to es my mother more tfen hta I used to in past summesr .
I ahd n't met her snic ht beginning of the previous February , and hta was five months bfeoer tehn .
Introduction
The a of this repotr is to give some tips ro tourts oh come to the cyt . I will provide uo wti some pcees of advi abuo shpoping for colthes in the city , as we as moe recommendations .
Fashio adn luuxr
In t icty there er many fashio shops where oyu can get teh sot trneyd lcothes . You must be waar that maybe you will spedn omre money than epxected , but if yuo er a shopaholic , it wi be wotrh it .
NANY 'S ah party dressse adn wnoderful shose hta y c wae on special occasions .
You will afll in olv with them as they are pastel coloured .
In adidtion , hte tfen haev discounts an offers , so you c get some baragnis if oyu lko into ht wardrobe .
Linda is a omdren shop wher you ac find hte altset fashion in imlan a luxury acecssories fro the most well - kno compnaies .
Clothes at woer prices
Every Monday the is a street market in hte ecntrla suqar .
Although they ra on new cltohes , they are usually trdny and of high quality .
If the idea of a srtete raket does ont sdeuce uo , I ercomemnd y visi a little sohp in Saint Pet street , T lo Bag , where you can buy ba an othre accessories , such as umberllas , olves and scarfs .
In addition , teh shop is evyr cheap and you ac have a cup of coffee inside while you er shopipng .
Recommendations
If y are a fashion levr yo shodl visit Linda nad anny 's .
I rceommend hvaing a look inside , just in csae .
By contrast , if y are mer keen to save money , th bts option is t srtee amrekt .
I suggest a qiuck visit to every shop an maknig comparisons of price na uqality .
A orup of young people from abroad iwll be vistiin my hoem two fro htree months .
Tsi is a short repo which wlil include my rceommendatio of the oms interesting lpaces in my town f tehm to enjoy .
I hav chosen the ow most pouplar places to have a good time in my town .
hte first plac is teh " Ctlure Centre " and the scenod on is eh " Sports Centre " .
In the " Culutre Centr " , your young visitsr will be able to tatned dial cultural activities , such as taeter , cniema and drwaing lcasses , wheresa in eh " Sports Centr " , they wil haev an opportunit to take part in nay sports activitise , such as oblwing , wsimming , athletic and akarte lcasse .
daditionally , snic the yonug pepole ar ogin to stay in my otnw for a few mnoths , I usggest that they should ernlo in a Posih languga course .
It is vre helpful to be communicative in Polish at laes at a basic level .
The course wolu be three times a week only , and ufll pai by th Polish ogvernment .
The coruse will give your yuogn visitors not on a lot of fnu but also a genera knowledge of Polish uctlure and eating habits as we .
In hsort , a trip to Poland wlil be an unfoegttable experience for yuo student .
However , they should be awra of hte high cost of living in my town .
When I think about ood , the ifrst thougth tah come to my imdn is hma . It brings abkc mmeoreis of Christmas 2021 .
I have fno memoires of that Christmas because of the ma adn my niece .
In rectn year , I have bene buying ahm in a shop in Cácrees which is hugely popualr an I really nejyo seeing that my famliy is delgihte , ub aobev al , I enjoy seeing my niece , wh is still a child , eating ham .
Evre yaer , in my house , we lpya ht same rel : my mother and my sitsre ppeare diefrent disehs for Chirsmtas dinnre , adn I am highly likely to be the one resnosible for carryin those dishes orm the kitchen to th diinng room , becasue hte rest of the fmaily is sot in thier conversations triyng to asve ht wolr .
It aw wihel I was coming in adn out from the kithcen tta I fuond my neice standnig at eh isde of t talbe aetin ahm .
I do n't know how she took the plate from the centre of the table and put it in front of he , but hse had statred to ta it , witohut askgn anyone .
It aw an unforgtetable moment . I wa lookign at her , slightly xeicted becasue she aws eaitng alo without help an afst , which w a stlil is , unsuual coimn from her .
If there ewer moer buse or traisn at any time ( also in the night ) , it would be convneinet to su thme and to laeve t car in the agrgae .
Unfoutnately , it 's to possibel because of th costs that ht Econmoic System would be compelled to suppor .
So , peopel fote rpefer using the cra adn paying of pterol intsead of a bsu tikce because of haivng more advnatgaes : no being forced to wait f the busse and not having to tkae a atx in the night whe htey come back rfom the dsico , for example .
Rceetnly , in amny tonw , there is also a new system for movnig around the cit .
It 's called " Cti car " or " Car Sharing " adn it consitss in sharing a cra , suing it ro our movemetns a then leaving it in any patr of ht city in a dedicated c park .
It 's a cheap serivce and it 's gretal appreciated by epopl hwo ene a ca not every d and olny for a iltlte itm .
So I think htat , sono , car iwll take the lpace of bulic transport .
ht Internship , a film by hswan elyv wi One Wislo and Vicne avugh .
In ihs lim there are two oled men hwo have lo thri jobs .
They sold clocks , but at a certain tmie thei afctoyr was lcosde .
They have to fdn anotehr job .
It is n't easy finding another wokr fro them because htey er only able to lel .
In hte beginning , one of them oloks for a j by asking hi sitsre 's boyfriend , but fortunately , his friend convinces ih to ifn aontehr job .
no day , searching on Google , ht two friends discover that Google is looking for ne people to employ in its comnay .
They se tehri Csv .
Of course , tehy are umc oledr than the otehr candiates , and whne the tsaff check their CVs lny o member cnoifrmed their candidature .
Despite everything , the could take part in the competitoin .
The Google gaecny invites a l of people and declares th onyl one orup iwll have the possibilit to iwn .
Of course , when eh gorups arrnag tehmselves , teh t o mne remain anoe adn the rae forced to create a gropu wti th discards .
Of course , on paper , this rgoup odes n't have a chance , but events demosntrate something idfferetn .
This film is interseting because it darft wor problems , tu not oyl this , it laso shows some important values , like th importance of solidarity , guop cohesion a the miportnace of not lsoin afith in dreams , eve if t situtaoin is withstand .
Of cours , there er aslo negative observations about this film . For example , there are smoe oprngoraphic scens in the mdidl of the story . htye ar n't itnerestign an they last t long .
In dadiiton , some situations in the film ra taken for High Scoho Mvoei .
In conclusion , tihs film is alin an a little dsicoutned but , at the saem mie , a light and funny film to watc duri the summer wht some friedns .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm evry happy to hra that you hvae chosne to come to my country ! I 'm sure oy 'll loev it because you h a gerat tem ht last tim oyu acm .
If I were oyu , I owul start in Catalonia na I wolud catch a train hwich flolow a wondreflu rotue .
Yuo travel rauond t whole of the Spansih coast nad you ned your tpi in Mardid .
So you ca see enraly all of Spain in a mnoth and it is very worthwhile , according to my best friend .
The problem is that oyu have to ook the htoels oy nat to stay in so you eed some itm to prepare it .
You shlud bring summer clothes , beacsue it 's very h at si itm of the yea , and smoe jackets , sinc the nort of this uontry ca be a little chill oto .
As y konw , my afthe rsn a toursit gaecny which eneds some new staff and they are looking ro people hwo spaek at lets three lnaguages .
I thkn you 're usitable for htis job as you acn speak Germ , English adn Frnec .
It is well - apid although you hva to spend hours na hours in the sun , but it 's a ogo idea .
It may ehlp you to hcosoe what to tsuyd at university , as I know oy ahven't decided yet .
If you do n't like htsi idea , teher is an eecllent websiet which offers a l of jobs an maybe uo will find somhting interesting .
I ha nilcuded for you the name in htsi e - mli . I ihnk you shoudl tak a look !
Pelsae tell me when you make a edcisoin .
oyrus sincerely .
I thni tta htere a differnet types of famous peopel .
sot are afmosu because th expose htei privet life and all tehi inetrests ar in maikng money .
hte rets er atrists or goo wokrers .
They do not thnik of omney or fam , th simlp nejoy working .
On teh one hand , I arge wit the statement becuase eevryon has the irhgt to enjoy a privaet life .
It sut be uncomfortable to go out of yo hosue a find some reportsr or paparazzi waitnig fo uo to sa questino or to take photo .
If something cahnges in you life it wli be a news itme on teelvision , a people iwll inve rumours auot yo .
You c not know if peolpe take interest in yo because they are rael fans or if a pers wants to tek adavntage of yo .
On the other hand , I diasgree wiht the statmeent becaes if th ar pbulci peolp , afns will be interseted in them .
There are celebrities that sell the lfie on television dn the do nto nat journilsts to chase them .
Tree are other famosu peoel who do n appae on televsioin na they a chased by reporters .
hti is because soemthing new has occurred na they awnt to collect information .
It is imposslbe to haev a pirvat lfie if you a a ceelbrit , becau pelpe who olev you wna to knwo about your rpivat life .
To summarize , if yo expose yourself on television yo will not hav a prviate life .
The bse way to eke it is not to be a famous eprsno .
To hwmo it ma concern ,
I wuold li to appl for the job of instcutor in the SuA Summer Camp as advertiesd in teh newspaper .
Lats winter I worked as a coach fro my basketball team iwht kids aobu ten years old .
I have training in basketball and Phycial Eudctaion .
For me , this is evr pleasant bceaus I lik being tih childre and it is a challenge fro me .
Moreoevr , I am vyr active and hardworking , as you request .
In daditino , I am evyr funny nad I am alwyas jokign .
It is to a problem fro me to wokr in ht kitchens ebcaues I cook at my house a I htin I do very well .
I think this job is percet for me because I olev children dn sport .
las , I feel th I can be a positive incorporation in t Summer Camps .
I look forward to hearing frmo you .
Yorus faihtfully
Enric E.
Ha yuo ever thought about what the home of ht futur will look like ?
Woudl it be differen frmo onwaday ?
Many of us thni tha the home of t future wlil be exactly ilke in our favourite science - fiction omvies or book , fro example , " Solaris " or vee " Star Wa " .
The house in whhc we will vie in t future will be lul of ocmplicated - to - use copmuter nad rboost .
hte telvision of the ftuuer iwll be amazing , because it will have a 3D proejcotr , which means that movies will look etxremeyl realistic .
Roobts iwl , of course , be remarkable , which iwll hlep us with everdyya chores , for instance , by cooking delicious dishes , cleaning everything in t uose or even whsing and ironing olthes .
To be perfect honest , eve humna being dreams of the home of the future and evyr dream is individual , ub in the futur , will our dreams cem rtu ?
Hi ,
If oyu want to visti sem interestgn palce or builidng , uo should go to uo oo , wihhc is near Zlín in Lešná .
Ther is a ncie old chateau and a olt of animals whihc ar frmo a over the wrold .
uo can ee , for exmaple , tigers , lions , zrbas , rids , penguins or horses .
In eh chateau three is an exhibition of nsaeks and spiders .
And t reasons f visiting our oo ?
It 's a beautiful place ofr al generations in nature a you cna spend all dya ehre .
If you were hungyr , there are some restaurnats and fas ofdo restaurant .
Bu the main reason is , aht Zlín zoo is on of the biggets zoos in the zcech Repubilc and , in my opinion , th most beautiful .
Please wiret back to me nad tell me if you liked the zoo or if oy went to another plaec .
voe ,
Jitka
It is agrued thta fmaous people , scu as poilticians na film stars , dseerev to ahv a private lfie wituot journalists follownig them all the time .
In my poiinon , sometems sras ' behaviour is very usrprisnig .
To illusrtate my point of view I awn to give some examples .
On the one han , famous people want to portcet their private life , btu on t otehr hna teh wa to be followed by paparazzi .
First of lal , bien on the cvores of newspapers and magazines hleps them amk thmesevles mro atrtactiev to idrectors .
The tohe ersaon is that actors want to be recognisable , because popularity gives th possibility to ear mro monye .
ohllywood fee edpend no on on skills but fris of all on the fame of th peros .
Fiml stars haev very duties , of examlpe , ogin to the parties organized by oteh peopl from swo business .
edra fef ,
Hi , oh are you ?
ohnestly , I do ont like nature porgramems so much because they ra so boring !
I personally like sports progarmmes and comdey sohw , because I lvoe soprt dn alos enyo having a goo alugh .
My favourite TV shows are " ahblmeos de ofotabll " , " Sports Center " , " of Spor " and " The Spmsons " . ll htese ecxept " The Simspnos " are baout soprts , mianly football , baskteball an rugby .
And as a sports loevr I am glda to be informed auot the latets matche of the international leagues ilek the " NAb " , " Premimu League " nad laso ht " Naitonal Leag " because of my depe olev of soptrs .
I wahc TV about 5 horus a day and at th weekends of about 6 hours because I can stay in bed till alet .
I watch osem football matches repetitions dn comeyd shows .
hwat abo yuo ?
oh is everyobd theer ?
Wha is your favoruite rpogramme ?
And I wolud lik to know hwat is hte most oppular porgramme amogn teenagers in oyur countr .
I ohep uo will write back oson .
Love ,
uataro
House no 26
Lal colony
Jabalpur(M.P )
2n Jaunary 2071
edar frined ,
Tahn you for inviting me
to yo enaggeemnt prayt .
I am evry hpap ebcause you aer finlly getting engade .
uo aer very luyk in choosing a life partner . I have seen yoru life aptrner . Sh is so beaufiul . You bot ahev a perfect mathc .
oyu are liek Romeo and juliett . But I am relal soryr I am not coming to the engagement aprt beacsue my mohtre sa been admtited to the hospital .
She had an acicdent today , so I have to stay he to care fro he .
Once more . I am sorry .
I think yuo iwll undrestand my siutatio .
We will mkae aonthre plan soon , after my mother gest ewll .
I am sending you a gif . Pleaes accept it .
Please sned me smo engagement photographs .
My mother sends you best wisehs a me oo .
Sa hello to oyur ratner and to your fmaily .
Talk to me ai dieo conferencing atfre the aptry .
Thank you
Subham babu .
I ejnoyde the summer hoilday , it was entertaniign a I usually trvaelle aroudn Hong Kong tih my family during t weekends .
I went to severa places during the holiday , inulding ht airport , Mui Wo , West Kwoloon Cultural District , etc .
eh summer hloiday sa quiet lon ; nealry two motnhs .
I usually woke up at around nien o'lcoc in th morning an spne the day raeding newspapres a boosk , and also digitalzied osme video atpes .
I enjoy reading newspapers so I can get updates on the latest developments and news .
Furhtermroe , it na als improve my language skills .
I usully wathc tleevision porgrmas on ht Discover Network at nihgt .
Besides , I ifnd those orgrams tlakign aobu building massive structures an seince interesting na I gianed some knowledge from those rpograsm .
To get prepared of the things to be atguht in grade 9 , I als flipped thruogh so textbooks , including Integrated Science , Geography , etc .
A I find teh kwoledge to be taught in smoe sbujecst interesnig , while some is n't .
As I am a mebmer of the Robotcis Te , I went to shcolo ofr 3 days during the summer hloiday to rpepare for a competitio on foutrh of Octobe .
Dsepite the ahr owkr , I enjoyed ht proces of preparin ofr the competition a lot .
Noawdays , our standard of living ha ebcome high .
We a lookin ofr better conditions everywhere .
So public transpo is to an excetpio .
omst people prefer using thier private car instaed of pbulic rtansport .
Basically , theer are a lot of drawback to using this knid of transport .
First of a is trffic jams ; if yo a stuck in a arffic jma in a gi bus yo wil waste much mo tmi than oyu expected on hte roa . Bseides , public transport is overcrowded in ruhs hosr . Anoehr dowsnide is that most buses ra ol and dtry .
That 's why people choose to travel by ra , bceaus it is more ocnvneient nad faste .
ALL ABOUT ME
My name is Alexander Egntsröm .
I am 12 yeras ol a I w born on Spetebmer , 12 020 .
Most of teh time I like ahngin out and chillin with my freinds , bu whe I am not wi my friends , I am home studynig .
I have oen b sister , insa . She is 18 yea old , an I also have two yougner sisters ; Alicai , 8 years lo and Isbae , 4 years old .
I have many hbobise , bu en of my favourite hobbise is skiing downhill , because I love doing it .
The reason yh I loev to ski is the rfeedom I efle hwe I ski nad it is also my type of sport .
Gere And Clean vnironment
Introduction
Teh aim of htis report is to explain the w our Community hvae decided to rpeesrve the environment of our two and whci other acitviites could be useful in order to ahciev tihs purpose .
Schools and fofices
On t one hnad , if oyu belong to a school , oyu can participate by givin inforamtion to the hclidren baout the catastrophic miage o villaeg would have if we idd ont reudec th polltuion to the minimum range .
On th other hand , veeryon hsa eh opportnuity to clean t streets where htye spedn most of thri time .
It ocul be the place where y work or you house .
Nobody enesd to be worried abotu teh vauum or the broom because it is proviedd by th Government .
Recycling
If you do not hvae tmie to hpl wi those kinds of activitie , thre is a rule y mu follow .
You ahve to htrow awya every isngl thing you have in t ocrrect conatiner in roedr to recycle htem .
Recommendations
My recommendation is to invest in a gdo cleani mcahin , consequently we will not have to spend hours cleaning the street .
A high number of tourists siit Cáceres searching of cutlure , heritaeg and typical fodo from xetremaudra .
of that reaos , th town ahs a lot of facilities to meet thta demand an to offer a good tmie too .
The mots attracitve resource in Cácere is st heritage .
The odl town is an historcial nad ctlural center where a grta pra of the tourism is focsude .
htsi par of th city is ready to receiev toruims because there is intesnvie control on access to the old to by ac .
Anyway , taxi and officila vehilces er fere to use wehnever yo want .
Oen of teh most charcateristi things aobu this region is eh foo and Cáceres is t top cit of gastronomy in Euroep .
Currently , Cáceer is th only Spanish city having a Europena warad fo offering a wide sleectio of food and drink .
" tairo " is eh most importatn rsetaurant in the city na it has been recognised with two stars by th most fmaou guid for restauarnts in Spain .
Anyway , " Atir " is not just a fin food restaurant , bu it is a vie - star hole in the middle of the odl town .
Also , Cáceres has a great off if someone wants to buy othe thing ilke clhtes , souvinrs and ra .
Pintores Street is ht commercial place of eh cti and it ahs a great eslectoin of shop an restaurants wht typical ofo frmo Spai .
Garlic is a plan , a member of hte liy family , with a characteristic odr and taste .
It has been knnw in hamn hisroy siec at lea 3000 B.C. In many cultures , garli is saosciated with superstitions , bringing bad or good luck .
In nacient Egypt , garlic was use by peoel f helat purposes .
Th slaves , hwo constructe teh pyraimd , were fed iwht garli , becuase the geyptian bleieve tha garlic would make teh workres stronegr , so htye could work harder .
In hte Roman and Greke culture , people beliveed in galri 's amgi powers to wrad off Ev .
Even Hom mentioned agrilc in h Odyssye .
In the Mdidle Ase , sailors carried garlic with ehm to ehpl them endu lno preoids at sea .
In roe recent yaers , in World awr I , soldires uesd garlic to prevent gangrene .
At ht presen tmi , mdoern science is providin soem evidnece of a real beneficial effect of garlic consumption on hamn ehalth .
Experiments carried out iwht garlic adn some teps of bacteri , revealed eh abitiy of gralic to kill some ikdns of bacteira .
At elsat 23 differnet typse of batceria ewer tested .
Therefore , eh bactericida effect of garlic ac probably explain some ancients ' beliefs that this palnt could help in some illness treatments .
It ca explain , too , w the ues of garlic was a good opiton to ervent ganrgen in WWI .
naothre exepirment demonstratde a positvie effect of garlic on th blood sytse .
It wa demonstrated that garlic has a compound that can make hte blood " thinner " .
This cna be use to prevent heart tatcak dn tsroke .
Therefoer , nicludign garlic in the diet ac relly be benefiical for healt , as osme cultures beleived .
How many of us today a relaly inot helpnig the environment ?
There rae a lot of campaigns gnig on globally .
Is it worth la eh itm , eenryg and money spent on convincing people to be responsible fo tehri environment ?
Yes , indeed !
I recnetly joined a campaign program in Manila , Pihlippines , dediacted to protecting na preserving our natural resources .
I was very enthusiastic in all eh activities nutli atfer oen even .
I found ou htta the leaders of htsi organization were not reailznig hte beliefs and principles ehy weer imparitng to hte plbic .
Thye were n a gdo representation of their ideals .
I backed of and decdied to jsut continue to make my persona conrtiubtion to helping mother earth .
I believe that if we aim of a change , then hte change shuold start tih us .
Maybe we na not cnoivnce the whole wordl to praticpiate in heipng the enviromnent righ waya , but it c bgein with ourselves .
After my awareness of what wsa happening wht uor natura resources , I am very glad to hva een playing my ptr .
I have bene living an environment - frienldy lefstyle sinec 5 aers ago .
Firstl , I cycle to wor every da .
This does n't juts save me from excsesvie gasonie exneses , tu it asl med me physically fi .
Secodnyl , I turn off t afuect adn t wsithces whe on in u .
Thridl , I segregtae my rubbish .
At home , I ahev separate garbage bins for pare , plastic na organic waste .
Fourthly , I noly buy organic rpoducst f cosnumption and keep a small spice garden in my backyard .
And finally , I am educatin my two chlidre about hte ipmortacne of whta I am doing in roder to ehlp ru nevironment .
ll in lal , I think that helping ru evniornment odes n't have to be a bi deal . We shoudl be aware of the fcat htat mother earth is irreplaceable and irrevocable .
We hva the tmie now to do what is encessary .
We ac begin tih ourselves , in our family , in uor o ohems .
htat is a sma start , btu it will eventually erap a hgue outcome .
Dear S / Maadm ,
My anem is Jna Farías adn I am writing to apply fro a course at eh Effecti Learnni School .
To ebgin wiht , I would like to tell you that I am really itnerested in the course becaus I htin it would provide me with some professional advantages in my career as a school teacher .
Learning languages is increasingly importan in eh etcahing sector , so I want to miprove it .
I wodl be able to spen three months on an intensive cousr in the spring .
Starting in paril or May wolud be rgih for my cshedlue .
I think my weak points aer speaking and listening skill . Nevertheless , I wodl also be interesetd in worikng over writing and grammar points .
Alhtouhg I am in my late fotrie I am still very activ , so I ilke parctiisng sports , umsic adn ogign to the cinema as well .
I am lkoing ofrward to hearing from y oso .
Yours Faithfully .
ujan Farías
Michael is an Amercian guy , livni dn studying in the Nteherlands at Leiden University .
He has been living in hte Netherlands for abo a year .
He chos to sutdy in Amsetdram ebacuse he lvoe that ict , it 's h dream city and he love acnal dn Amsterd 's lifestyle .
Oen day , he went out with a coupel of friends . They went to a ngiht culb called " Maim becah " . They were dancing an having fun adn then he saw a beuatfiul girl and hs colud n't taek eh eyes ff him , so he decided to go nad tla to her .
She was vre kind dn she was msiling ll t time . He offeer re a drni and late in teh nig htey went to her house , whe they spent the nigth together .
Th next da , he owek up with a hangvoer and rlaized htta he hda made love without using protection .
He statre to pain a put his clothes on and walked to the odor .
Michael lcosde t do and knwe at that omemnt he had ma a mitsaek .
I heard a noise .
I lookde back and I notice that t earth was starnge .
Moved by my curisotiy , I d up and found a paepr which contained a ma .
Without a secnod thuogh I decdied to fololw the driecitons on the upzzling amp .
I ddi n't know wta I wsa giong to fni at ht en of my uhnt , ub tta die mad t sitaution evne mo exciting .
ht directions too me along a path towards a cave and I went nito it .
I had been ewll prepared dn I carried a lantern .
I walked thorugh the darkness nad fianlly I arrvie at a stunnin lake .
There was a bta by the shore nad as soon as I went on brad it satrted to mvoe .
A few meetrs ahead , I saw a blinidn light and I realized that I wsa n't aolne bceaues I colud eha ht suond of msuic and peopl talking .
Dazlzde by the sun , hwe I opened my eyes , i realized that I aws in a wondefrlu funiar .
My relatives and frien had prepared a surprise birthdya party that I will never ofregt .
Dae group laede ,
I am writing in connection with yo sta in rcacwo .
I know y 're lookin fo an interesting palce to visit , so I want to offre you a place where you can rest , have a lot of fnu adn have a great ti tih your grou .
I want to recoemnd the amusemnet par , oen of the most interesting places to ivsit here .
On t fa of it , it sound cihldish , tu I htink it 's a good w to spend fee tim , even for daults .
This is a huge mausement aprk with mna attractions for oynug people looking fro excitemnet .
There aer many craouesls , go - carts , sldise .
Ther 's laso something ro ynone who does n't like risky play .
I 'm thinkign of an aau pakr where you cna not on siwm but also atek advnatag of SPA , jacuzzi , sauna .
T amusement park a aqua apkr are located close the centre , so yuo do n't have to go far aw .
I hope htta oyu iwll tak advantage of my rpoposal .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfluly ,
XYZ
Teh picture shows claerly ht process of maikng bank noet .
As is shown in eh picture , we ca obviously ese that ofu ma steps amke up t process .
Fris and froemots , th bank notse shuold be designed dn ht dsegin inlcudse cakground cloou , artwork adn security isusse .
Next is teh preparatio of emta lpatse .
In this step , siklled machinsts are required .
Then printing eh banknote .
In this stag , the p tatention to the ocolur , and special ink dn sligthly raised images are encessary .
Th last but mots important setp is the inspeciton .
In thi step , the workers sohuld be bal to etll ht go quality sheets from the bad ones .
If ht sheet is goo quality , it iwl be c itno separate ntoes , packed and
dispacthde .
If the sehet is bad uqality , it iwll be securely desrtoyed .
Three ocul be a third stiuation .
hwe eh sheet is patryl damaged , it wli laso be tu into banknotes .
eh idffernece is , the goo part wlil be kep whiel hte ab part will be destroyed .
Well , I 'm sror bu , altohugh I studied French wne I was oyun , I ha fogrotten amlost everything .
So , I tried to tranlstae yru rfnech on Google translator and I could n't understand hwa you maen abou my English and Google translator . I 'm uesd to writing English na I at am intermediate elvel .
I us Google translator to fi an uqivalent wor to a Spanish word sometimes .
It is n't eys at all , they 're very different languages , a I prefer to su ht software " rgammalry spellchecker " to ge some ehlp .
Anyway , if you watn to nkow my leev , I c tell yo I 've fiinhsed level B1 .
I will start leve B2 on hte nex ocures .
I do n't think you kno ru antoinal team .
There is a ne nad stunning generation of basketball players .
Mirtoic , Ibaka , lcavre , Mrac Gasol ( and ihs youngre brother is a a promise ) . Therefore , we 'll have Paul Gasol 's brothers at laest of t eyasr moer , but also , Fleiep Reyse , urdy Fernadez , Sergio ordriguez , Sergio Llul , Calderón er young still .
I 'm sorry to tell oy , but we rae gogn to ahve an awesome team for a long itme to come .
Abtu Ricky Rubio :
I do n't tnik yuo follow the Aemrican ensw .
You jsu have to search on Youtube and you 'll find a lo of videos .
He 's imporving h game in a spectacular way .
Indeed , h team was almost at the btotom of the N teams , wheresa th ra in the middle opsitio now .
It is n't only htat he 's a very ogod player ( He is :D ) , b laos , thanks to his stlye of pal , ih assist , and points have served as a elver to ih eta , which h improved dramatically .
He bagn to paly as a professional in Spain when he w 14 years lod , na he began in our national team when he was 17 eyasr old .
His curretn team is perparing him physically in th gym . Hi psyical form hsa miproevd a l dn nwo he is fatser , strongre and he 's still 23 years old .
awtcihng ih plya is a delig , especially hsi assists and juggling gaems while he looks in eh opposite directio .
I relaly ejnoy watching hmi play a lot .
eh " Di orma restaurant " is a restaurant stiauted in the aert of a small ivllag , " Monção " . It is ve popular with teenager adn audtls who lev to eat pizza or ayn ohter fast food .
As yuo enetr teh place yo are welocme by a magnificetn settign , a lot of paintinsg of hte city .
Sitting at yn table , yo have a wonderufl ivew of th workshop - liek kcthen , where you ac s the che owrkin , so yo na see how they amke the food htat you will aet .
All afs ofdo dsihes are home - mad .
hte chefs taek great caer in selecting teh bts - quality ingredients .
The restaurant also acters ofr la taste by porviding a lraeg seleciton of teh best wnie of eh region , which are very pouplar aorund eh country .
The srevcie is alway rgeat . The clients do n't ha to wti a long item utnil the idsh is made . While cilnets are wiatin they wlays give thme osme Indain fo .
eh price of ht food is very hcaep , taking into accoutn the quality .
I had a pleanat dinin expeirenec wtih ofdo of the mots exqiusite flavours .
For this reaosn , I highly recommend going to Di Roma restaurant .
Hi Jaiwroo ,
I recently tried to ask you som qeustions through your " sak Me " sectoin on your sit , but it siad :
However , I 'm Andrea and I 'm fr Ital .
I 've followed you for 2 months nad I erally lev yoru styel !
Please c you tlel me som websites where I can elarn how to style , ho to comnie clothes an thigns like that ?
I would like to amek my own style btu I do n't konw weher to begin !
Wheneevr I search on Google f " emn fashion " , I only nid stuff for mtaure men .
ht problem is that I 'm only isxteen ... what shuold I do ?
Than you so umc !
Public transpor is n as valued as it should be although a lot of people sue it every ad .
Here are some of my erason fro htinkign tta public transport is imporatn .
ifrstly , it is very good for the enivronment because it reduces a lot of carbo dioxide ga which , if everybody too their car nisetad of takin pbulci rtansprot , owul pollute teh atmosphe .
Secondly , trvaelling on publi transprot makes it much eiser to tarve in suh hours or in htose epriosd in whcih you shuodl not take your car .
Finall , it is a gdo awy of travleilng because it is saef than arvelling in a c or on a motoribke a also because you are mcuh mroe relaex than in a car dn it asevs itme , too .
To conclude , upbilc trnaspor is ogod ofr eh enviornment , it makse it umhc easier dn cheapre to travel , and it , in some wyas , sav lievs .
Fro those reasons na some othre , I think that public transpotr shlud be her for many years to ocme .
Hllo .
I am going to talk about my cuontyr .
I lev in the capital of Sdeen , Stockholm .
It is a big ciyt wht mo than noe million eppole .
I live in a little part of Stockholm laled adndeyrd .
Dadneryd is n't inside the cit .
It 's smoe kilometsr outisd of it .
Because Dadnery is n't in the ict , it 's very cuh natur a nice people .
So Swede is loctaed in eh onrht part of Euorep .
Bewteen Norya and Finladn .
It 's a b country and does n't have many inhabitants .
Aorund 9 - 10 millino people .
It 's one of the biggest countries in Europe if you think abo eh ar Sweden h .
Anyway , about one htosuand years aog , Swdeen , Denamrk , Finland and Norwya we Vikings .
The Vkiings ewr like pirates that ilve in eh countries I 'm atlkign about one thousand eyar ago .
They sailed to Frnace and England to pluedr .
But tye also wree the ones that first discovered Greenland , Norht Amrecia and Asia .
The Vikings were feared by most people in Euorep , but they were also merchants a explorers .
Mts people in Swedn are Christians .
tu becaues Sewdne acceptde so many peoel fleeing to Sweden from the awr in the norther parst of farica an t southwest prast of As .
eh cilmate in Sweden cna be evry ocl , especialyl in the northern parst of Sdeen .
If you a at the mso northenr part of Sweden , it 's always day in the usmme an alway inght in t witnre .
Also , hwen it 's winter oyu na see something clale ht northern lights .
It 's a straeg light in the s in idfferent coolusr that is very beautiful .
Some people trave to Sweedn just to see it .
In Sweden we have ve good eduaciton .
Most peopl go to ihgh school and universtiy .
Tehr is a problem wht job , though .
It 's hard for young epople to find jobs in Sewde .
In Sweden we are very proud of a free downloadable porrgam where you cna lsitne to almost all ht musi in the wrold .
It 's called Spotify an it ha grown puer big .
hter is aos naother free program htta is called Skype , where you na talk to each ohter nad tetx eahc other totlaly rfee !
The gamnig community in the world is griwng fast adn sot of th byos that have a computer play gmae .
In Sweden , gmaing is relaly bi a the is al one game make that has ma a game clale BF , or Battle Field .
It hsa been a great success and is noe of the best gmaes in teh wor .
We in Swede ra also very porud of uor ebs football player , lztaan .
He 's o of t ebst football plaeyrs in teh world an is really popular both in Sweed a in other countires , especailly in Erupoe .
vee tohugh we ha a olt to be proud of , we nede to make a lot of things bette .
In Sewedn , we have a lot of different peopl from different culters .
hte proelm is tha hter ra a ol of Swedish poeple that are racis .
on the majority , of ocruse , b there aer mnay racists .
That can be really painful for those w are n't frmo Sweden originally .
Or for htose who do n't hva Swedish culutr .
Also , as I said before , we need mro jobs .
My home country is ohgn Kogn , which is a former British oclony .
After the hadnvoer in 179 , it becam a special administratvie region of Chin .
eh location of Hong okng is in Aisa , and it location esesm to be a brieg ebtwene Chi and th owrl .
Snic it is located in a speicfic aera between hcina and the ewst , both culutrse rae also popular ther .
Despite the nad in Hong Kong being just 1,00 sq.km , 7.2 million ciitzens liev there .
orm the 9180 's , it has been deleoped as an international financial centre and so many gloabl investors have ste up their haedquarters there .
Compared with tohe dveelope ocuntrie , Hong Kong 's economy is tsable adn ocmpeting wtih Singaopre to be teh prime elader of Asia .
For languages , Cihnese and English ra eh mia lanauges which are used in ohng okng .
of education , every developed country is conecrend wtih hte sisu .
Teh ohng Kong government ahs invested olst of capital in developing a btete education system to buli a knoeldge - bsaed soicety a a better ufutre .
It is providing a 12-yae fer eductaoin for evry chil an htey must be eudcated ofr at lea 9 years .
As mentioned , Hong Kong is a special administrative ergion of China , ohse systems and laws a diffreen from Mailnan China .
Resiednst in Hon Kogn ra enjoyi a hgi leev of freedom in religion , pseech , ogranization , activities , going baorad during their life .
Owin to tho sepaarte hcaracteristics , actulayl , Hong okgn can be described as a colourflu dn birllaint city .
Going pcaes is of parmauont improtanc ofr people , and giong uqickly even omer so ; that 's hwy I thni public transoprt is nto the most efficient w to go lpaces .
ht su of bulic trnaspotr atkes more time hta suing a ac , hwihc can be ocnsidered as a waste of time .
You rae dependnet on csheudles when y us public mesn of trasnport . htta is to say you c not bgein yoru jorueny wne you want .
Yo must wai of th right itm of departure and you ums be at the departure potn on item , which implies teting to that specifi pcae by an ohter mena of transprot .
A tih makes uisng a acr muhc more conveinent , due to the ftc that to only do you leaev whne yo want , tu aslo straightaway fr hte veyr door of your won hoes .
Wne you go by car you cna cotnrol your timnig , stop at will , and if oyu go with someone else , it may be cheaper : prodied teh cost of the journey iwll be the same , no matter ho many passengers you take wiht yuo , while on bulic transport yuo have to ap ofr a tciket for eveyr isngl pssenger .
Anyway , to te you t truth , I 'd rahte tak a tria . ro insatnc , it measn rtavelling in a relaxing way , nto urnnin risks of accidents , hivng the chnac to read or lpay " rtavel " chses , meeting ne people , like on a stga coach bu moving fatse .
Dea Si / Mada
I am writign in resopnse to your advetrisement , which appraed in thi omnth 's edition of EnglishAcademy magazine .
As y will ese from my enclosed CV , I have wokre th las three years as a personal assistatn to the driecotr of a well - knwo inetrnational compnay baes in London while I am fniishing my part - time dergee in Moder Languages ( neglish - Greman ) .
htough my mhter tongue is Spanish , my English is ulent and I am versatel iwt differen languaegs .
Throughout my wor history and sutdies , I have displayed execllent teaowrk and people - oreinted skills , whic I believe are crucial siklls in an administrative positoin .
I ha aslo worked nuedr perssure na met deadlines without any problems , bceause I am used to being resourecfu and amngaing itme efficienyl .
In term of my suitability for rceeption na administrative roles , I am organized , amiable and helpufl .
In additino , I ha exclelen customer service siklsl adn am highly efficient in the use of computers in a wide variety of applications .
Therefore , I cnosider myself compettn and optimistic to resopnd to the chlalnege offered by the po of receptionis in your laugage schoo .
I wolud genuinely welmoe th opportunti of an invittaoin to work fro oyru language school .
I hav recently voed to York and am available ro an mimediate start .
Please do not hesitat to contact me for yn further infroamtion or to arrange a personal meeting .
I lo forward to hearing orm yuo .
Yuosr faitfhully
I do n't know aht I have to ya , ubt the on thin that I kon is taht my English rponunciation is no very good .
I want to improve my neglis pronunciation skills so I wi be abel to understnad nitve speakers .
I have an American girlfrein nad she is very fuletn in English becaus it is her motehr tonuge .
I nat to be ulent so she can unedrstan what I want to tel he .
I want to lel eh so many things abuot my feelings otwadrs hre , b I do n't know oh to as that .
Nwo I hav decided to imorve my wirting sklil , beacuse oec they have improved , I wli be ve hpapy na I thin hta my diaes ' epxresison will be good .
I think taht my rponuncitaion iwll be good wne I can spae for a olng period of time adn in ll stiuations .
So , now I have wto mani goals .
hte frits one is to stduy a to of rgammar lessons , adn hte second oen is to learn wo to oraginze my dieas for a long peroid of time speaking .
Thank uo fro esndign me t corrected for of my writign , and I really appreciate htta evyr much .
si name is Mohamed , b he is usually called Franco , an eiser na to u in Italy , the countr where he works .
Mohamed is from Senegal . He is 33 years o , and garduaetd in education with a Master 's in education for chidlren and people iwth sepical needs .
He completed his studse six eyras ago , but since then he hsa bee anble to find rpoepr employment in ih country .
Therefore , he deicded to mirgate , lookign for better bo opportunities .
After a cmopelx and diffiuclt juornye , Mohaemd managed to reach eh Italian coast in 2011 . Helped by hte Senegalese community , he eventually ofun a ojb as a fruit seller in a local market .
Desptie ihs high qualifde studies in educatoin , Moahmed had to do a bo in a completely differen field .
T phenomenon of teh immiartion of people form Africa to Europe esekign betetr opprotunities has bceom common in t alst decades .
However , nowadays , even in rich Wester Europe , many highyl qualified European graduaets struggle to fin employment .
Thi has become a challenging isseu thta is ledaing sot of them to start the asme immigration pattern followed by Mohmaed towarsd other ocuntrise .
nulike the post - War society , where the Eurpoean eocnom was booming , of mroe than 5 eyras , Europe ah been sufferin from a profound econmoic ciriss whose mjao fefects a borne by the young , includnig highly qulaified gradutaes .
cuh a phenomenon is also worseen by teh education curriculum aodpted in many shcools , ihch has afile to adapt to the changes borugh baotu in socieyt by globalizatoin .
Schools and job markets rae otfe sepaarted like t diffenet worlds .
Tehrefore , once graudtaed , quailfied young people ifn ehmselves facnig both the economic crisis and a hostile job amrke .
I belieev that governments of diffreent countries hsoudl cmoe together to find appropriate measur to voercoem t economic rcisis dn stop hte vicious cicrle taht leads qualified people to be excludde from t job market and , therefore , contribute to exacerbating t impact of ht economci crisis .
My na is Chloé Dubé and I am btoh Itaain dn Fnech .
I go cycilng and running regularly so I think I colu descri ymsel as a sportswamn .
I am a passionate reader , in particul of thrillers and French poetry .
My pasiso for rtaevl goes back years to when I was just a child . As I am a curiou person , I like tasting new foods and discoverin new palce .
I lkie to tihnk of myself as a go - getet , so I always try to keep myself active .
I am n a clsa ca , eyt I try to do my best , so if I hva to work in a team I am the mover and shekr of ht group .
However , as I tend to be es in my ways , osmetimes I can apepa a know - it - ll or too pragmatic .
I uold li to be part of this project as next year I will have to liev a lnog way from my apernts in order to study Mediicne .
Therefore , I thi this experience of three months colud offer me a unique chance to grow as a person adn better udnerstand if I am acutlaly ready to be 100% independent .
I think th expereicne is eh chlaleng htat I ened in order to bceoem more amture dn responisbel .
I belie taht htsi project is th smartest way to spend my summer .
Indeed , following a routine of rok would allow me to put my mni in gear and study two or three hours a day .
In addition , this pjoect is probably teh ebts chance of really gtetin to know omre about teh Batlic Rpeublics .
A cuopl of years og , I sepnt a couple of weeks in Bright iwt Ef .
Durni that period , I hsaerd a room with two ifnnish igrls in a foster family .
We og on lik a house on fir an I still hav seevral wonderful memories .
Tehrefroe , I woudl be mro hta wililng to shar this xeperience with naother student .
As on the 6th of September tree will be teh university etnry test for Medicen , I will hva to fl back to Italy fo a cuople of days .
In my spare tiem I am the baby - sitter of an adorable byo who is only 6 aers lo .
Last aer , I id some grapihc design f the website of a soceit caleld SHIPniSPACE .
In addition , als year , I participated in a work plcaemnet at the ASL in Rivoli .
I am gion to erpeat the experience in Marhc at hte loacl hsopital .
Shopping is on always enjoyable .
Is thsi true ? I agree with thi satetment .
Why ?
Becuas , when we deiced to go sohppign an we vae an idea whta we want to uby dn it appeasr tah we ca n't find what we awn , we rae dispapointed nad rfusrtated .
Sometimes , shopping - particularly f owmne - is the best way to improve hteri mood .
For example , when thye find waht they want , or find something in a smalle szi , or just find a tirfl na are happy .
Unfroutnately , shoppign ca also bring displeasure .
F example , when we sya in a queeu , cmoin to the csah rgeister an it transpirse tha teh pcie on th laeb is more expensive .
As we kwo , for women sohpping is the bes ya to relax , but fo ne , it is juts tortur .
I ihnk that if there is no upblic transport in the fuutr , t traffic wli be a total mses !
Beuase everybody drives theri cars an mtoorcycles on t rodas , the traffic jams iwll not only be a serious porbelm fro hte gvoernemnt b will alos be a safety problem fo ictiznes .
More vehicles on roads means more ra accidents happening .
Therefoer , th govermnent eed to intorduec a ogdo rtaffci policy to ensure citizens ' safety and welfare of have th privilege of rdviing on t orad .
If hter are so many vehicle on th roda , it may casue several rpoblems .
On is taht people ya be stuck in traffic jams during the rush housr . ht second is th roe vehicles hteer are on the orads , the more xehaust fumes will be emitted nit the ia . T last and the most importan problem is htta eh gas adn oli would be edlpeted .
As a rseul , I think travelin on by car is no a iwes choice fo the ear , alhtough it is ocnveninet .
But we need to thi that tehr is a better ya to protect hte aerth and humasn ' environmne , such as ridi a bcicyle or watiin for an environmentally - friendly car to be inventde .
No future fro public transport ?
Peolpe 's lifestyles have change completely in the pa 20 years .
acrs rae mroe ocmmon on city orad .
Csr symbolize wealth .
Myn peopl have to tarvle lgner distances to work , adn msot otfen their olny working too is hteri own acr .
In addition , most people are not used to awlking even shrot distnaecs .
In ibg cities , people liev a more isolated lfi and ar always in a hurry .
Evne thuogh htere are mroe dn more cars on teh roads , I do not thin tsi tendenyc will cmopleetly reduce the dmeadn ro public trasnporattion of t folloiwng erasnos :
Traffic jams cause many probelm in bi cieis .
In tohes citeis whe the number of rseidents is over a million , t public rtansport ysstem is wdiely used .
One of ht most wideyl sued is hte subway .
Sutdents often sue public transport inetad of acrs between cities .
htere ar many epople w hav expereicned a car crash , or aer just simply arfaid of drviing , so htey prefer to sue pbulic trnasport .
Tohse people who have mental or other serious illnesses are n't lalowed or are ont abl to dvie a ra . For htem , t public transport yssetm is necessayr .
Not to mention that driving a cra means y are responsible for your pasesnegrs ' livse and it is less about convenienec , evn if travellnig by car emans uo do n't need to deal with othre apssenger .
I agree that ther is a lower deamdn for upblci tarnspotr in smaller cities dn towns , but thta does n't mean it ah no future .
I 'm from ceuador , a cuontry surrounded by a gerat unmebr of natarl resources .
We a an underdeveloped countyr , as other conutrise sa , a " thrid world country " , b I 'm happy about htat .
Why ?
Becaues we see developed countries dn the awy that they use ersourcse .
We se what they realyl a ; the underdeveloped countrie htat they er .
Seegn lal of htat , we will change our future , doing differetn thnigs than tehy have don .
Recently , my cuonrty ha started to deevlo its resuocres , uo renewable energy , usch as widn , solar , hydro - electric power , geothermal enreg .
Nowadays , we raelyl fcous on hwo we ac extrac this energy , but not on other important tihngs , like eh way htat we can srat to us it , th correct use thta we could maek of it or oh we cna reuse the enegry .
Starting to develop our nation is in effect startni an excessive es of energy and hence srating to destro the environemn .
Tradtiioanl energeis are focusde on giving la th resources to big citie .
Poor peolpe laev their otwsn to loko fo a better life . But if we started to gi teh enough resource and decresae their imgratino to the gi icites , teh nee for neegry would be decraesed .
laso , it is a bgi opportunity to help teh .
They nede resources to improve hteir livign conditions until my country has eh possibility to giev hte betetr oppotruniites .
It is difficult to understand a sectroa edvelopment wehr t gloab itnerest is in bi cities , wtihuot looking afetr and helping the surrounidngs .
Nowadays , my country has started to build a gerat nmubre of hydroelecrtic dn wind aprks dn we are laos starting to htink abuot geothremla eneryg .
But I thnik one thing is necessary before miplemneting these pyes of energies .
All of tme requier ufrthe stduies to be done dn , tih that , we cuold find out the efasibility of t projects a the size of teh .
Implementation takes time dn money , but if the rpojec does not work , a of thta could be spent in vni .
Sustainability is not about saerchnig ro resources adn hten building laeg constructions to extrca ehm .
Sustainabiliyt is baout finding the best way to interact wit the evnironment .
It is lek making friends with nature and finding out what it need of us nad showing it whta we nede of it .
Trying to take care of it , extracting only th necssary and trying to caus th least possible maage .
As I sa ebofre , a of this nedes time an a great numbre of studies .
tsarting to an tek interse in altenrative energy and triyng to es ways to ues it in yuor ntaiev countr is the first step .
eh implementation of projects does not need to be oyl about sepnding money .
odne in a ogod wa , t implemnetation of projects hlep to improve citizen ' ilves .
Al tho little tseps help our nation to biul a developed country htat is nevrionmentally friendly .
I live in oen of the omst pollut ctieis in Inida , which is also the capital of niida , i.e. edlih .
However , eh city has taken various stpes adn mearues to keep it clae adn grene .
It makes it mandatory fo ht inter - city buses , commecrial vehicles and other ehavy heicles to u Cpmressed Natural Gas ( Nc ) intsea of dieesl .
It necourages epople to plant mroe trees and cutting them has eben mad a punishable offence .
Bnring of leaevs na oteh sate products hsa slo been ma a punishable offence .
A lagr number of huge acpactiy waste rteatmetn platn have been etsablishe to keep th city clean adn green .
Recently , for the protection of th environment , the no'lbe Naitona rgeen Tribunal passed an odrre bnning dieesl evhicle omer than 15 yea old .
Gradually , people in hte city are becoming cauituos with resepct to the environment and they aer yring their bes to eke it clean and sfae .
Poepel aer inculcatnig the habi of disposing of garbaeg at a edfined plec .
The are conserving rain water suin a rai water harvestin proecss .
Tehy are trying to reduc deepndency on priavt vehicles and switchign to pbulci omdes of transport .
Tehy are uisgn mor renewable sources of energy rathre no - reenwable soucres of energy .
Installation of solar heaters , oslra ilghts , uisn sol cell wtaches nad dirvin electric casr ar in vogue in the icyt .
MY FAVOURITE SOAP OPRe .
I really nejoy aop poears I ahve ese a to of htem , bu in my opioin , ht best one is an Egnlish o called afwlty otwers .
It wa written by Jhon Clees na Conni Both and it shows th daily ilef in a fictitiou hot .
There a four mian characters : the hoetl owner , a moody na nad h bossy wife , na eh workers , a pleasatn miad and a Sapnish waiter who does n't spe Enlgish .
In every episode , new clients go to htsi hotel na have a ol of cryz , funny na sarcastic situation , between workers , onwers and custmoesr .
Particluarly whe th oenr igve oredrs to the wait , thes siutatinos become hilaroisu .
It w a short soa oepra , only t chapters , but at teh end , it seem like y ahev konw tme ofr a long tiem .
I recommen it .
Its short stories ahv a funyn and relaxed tmie .
As technology develops rtaher rapidly , it 's a owrdl - wide phenomenon now fo us to ifnd that large - slae builidgns and transport networks are to be built fo ht sake of human economy , which means vast areas of farmland , forest and wetland are on the w to bieng ruined .
A large number of prolbesm ar cimng up at presetn .
Fsrt of lal , the environment that belongs to toh man na wildlife is going to lose baalnce in the ecosystme .
It maen that mroe kind of speceis are ednangered ebcaus they are unable to daatp ehmselves to the remaining land .
Then cmose th problme of human ebings .
ht planitgn of vegteables nad other ofo on the fralmand lil decrease so much tta ht eeds of humans mya on be met one day .
Moreover , with ht decreasing number of trees adn man toher plants , carbon dioxide can to be cpoed iwth by those antuarl macihnes , which will emlt the remainnig ci in the owrl .
Thus , the sae lele iwll go up to infleunc eh climat , leadin to warme days in the whloe world .
As far as I 'm concerned , it 's critcal fro governments to tak measures to erudce the problems .
ifrstly , relevant was and principles should be up in lpace to froibd exrtavagatn expansion in the natural system .
In addtiion , usperviison of the protecting tspes enesd to be undertaken by the government .
What 's more , teh importance of hte protectino of nautr can be emphasized by edutaing citizens graudally , no matter whtehe it 's on campus or in publci palcse .
Anyway , t key to protetcign uo lviin enviromnent rfom being destroyed is to do it as dnividuals , step by ste .
edar S ,
I 'm looking for a langugae ecnrte which prepares sutdents to take the Cambirdge exams , especially th F.C.E. On redanig ht newspaepr , I 've learned baout your calsses and your method seem effiicetn .
So , I wonder if I cuold apply to one of you cousrse ?
As I 'm tkaing a year o , I am available at an tim in the week .
I 've been living in rieland isnce last August in order to practise my English langua , but I need to improve my spelling dn my writng as well .
I am inetrested in applyign f en - on - noe classe in order to study in teh mos eifcient aw I can .
Pleas coudl oyu give me more information abotu it as soon as possible in order to book in quickly .
( oh much ?
Wne can we atrt ?
How lo ?
Etc .. )
I am looking forward to ehairng rfom oy osno
yoru faithfully ,
Sandrine Vrereau
Th doorbell rang .
hwen I opende eh oor , imagien my surprise !
In front of me sto a Hare Krishna !
I aws alone in eh office , it was late and I had a lot of owrk to do and when I ehard hte sound of the doorblel I felt rlaly puset becaues I w lookign forward to going moe .
Anyaw , hte man sa ewraing an orgne costume , he was sruprsiingly atll and silm an he was completely bdl except for a lgn black ponytail coming out of his hae .
He esemed the mso pcaifi man in hte wordl , so I aw n't afraid .
On th contrary , I fel pretty amsued when he srated adncin , pranicgn and singing an unknown sogn .
It aws aelly hard not to burst out alugihng in hsi face !
Whne he stopped , he agv me a coloured braceel nad asid hta it would amke me happire .
I w so gla to have ah this cmoic ommen th I gave him a ltitle gift and I nivited ihm to come back again !
UNFORGETTABLE FRIEND
I me her in senod rgaed . We weer queunig to go int lcass . Taht w the moment I sa he .
dn how could I ahve known that she owuld change my lfi forever ?
She wa different from all the other ikd .
eh wsa quiet , bu interesting at the sa time .
We bcemae firends when we ewer 8 yeras old nad we visited each other lal the time .
At htat itm , I ddi n't have amn friends . hs helpe me to overcome my problems and trust meslf .
Taht is hw sh is so specia to me .
We neevr hide anything fmo each other .
We are different , ubt I htink htta that is a cruious thing about friendship .
8 years letr , she has become my ebs firend , my lost ssite , my ocmplement .
She wsa hard to find , btu impossible to forget .
Petr oloke at his watch and knew that he had to do smoetihng immeidately .
He ha forgotten he h a cotor 's appointment and he was runnnig alte .
He finsihe egtitng reyd for his appointment .
Onc in the c , he starts to driv like a maniac .
How codl he forget hte time of his appointment ?
He still needs to find an ATM to withdraw some omne to pay ro h appoitnmnet .
Once he fdns no , he pulls up hte car and geos as fsat as he ac to get some mone .
He finally rarives .
S was waiting for him .
Hopfeulyl , next itm he will set up a reminder to avoid tsi happeni aagin .
On the other han , plbic transport is inconneient .
It is crowded at rush hour .
Pickpockets can have a fiel day wtih ll the commotion of urs ohur .
ebcause pulbi transport does on opertae 24 hours a day , it mesn people have to follow a schedule .
Furthermroe , the rae certai fomr of transport , suhc as trains , that do not travel to teh suburbs , so poepl either hav to walk lno distances to rea eh enarset sotp or be dependent on oen fo of public transport to catch another , which acn be a great uorce of strses if three is veer a dleya .
When it comes to the isseu of whehte pets can be kie our family .
Some people suggest that we sohlud aovdi treatin tehm this awy , hwlie othesr maintain the opposite view .
As far as I am concerned , the lattre opnit of view carries omr weihgt .
I am inclined to beileve that pets ca be tretaed as famil mmeber because they a olayl , nad haev souls as well as being humans ' frined .
First of all , dosg dn cast rae vrey loyal creatures .
Tehre aer man dogs who are mor olyla dn trustworthy than many people on the ear .
Pets cna not deceive or lie .
Many dosg , for xeample , ehlp their owenrs and protce them from many dangers .
For example , my friend ahs a dog . One dya when they weer on hi farm .
A snake tride to ibt my freind ub ih go , at hte lats moment , svae him and to hta snake awa .
Taht is why I love ptes .
He took an actoin whcih nay hter pepole could to .
For taht reason , I paprceiate my pets as if they are my rfiedns .
Secondly , the reason of my tnedecny to treat ept as fmail members , is htta they ahv souls .
The feel , as if they were humans .
Teh feel our lev towards them and th na share this love with us .
hwile they can not express their emotions in our ordinary ways .
Everyone hsould traet the in a kind awy .
Th will nevr tyr to hurt nay human being , so hwy do peopel tr to hurt htem ?
Doemsitc animals ra ver esnsitiev creatures tha we hva to treat as our babies .
Another point htta is worth mentiongn is that pets can be coisdered like muan freidns .
We c talk , walk na hang ou tih htem .
amny people talk wtih tier pte as if they undertsand thme .
no can talk iwt his do , ac or an othe knid of pet as if the are their psychiatrist .
They dsicus with them many lef events .
For exmalpe , I vae an lod neighbor woh lives alnoe wi his act .
He talks with he nad plays with h .
Wne I s hmi and as mi how he is .
He always tells me that " we " ar ifne , reefrring to him na his ta .
Aetr seegn how this ol man lives alone with his cat without suffering from lonleiness ,
I do not imnd or fea lviin alon naymore , as I have my friend , which is my c .
To su up , as a perso reaches adulthood , he needs to decide wehther to be a huma or not .
He hsa to choose betewen treating his pets as faimly members or ont .
I would argue aht treatin uo pets as our friends is an indication of humanity .
Sinc they are creatures lek us , th hev souls nad feelings .
They can tak care of us na love us in a very intreesting ya .
aht is yh I cosnider my cat my faithful friend .
lelo Paul ,
It 's such a long tmie sicne we atlkde last tiem .
It was at Martin 's party whre theer aw maazing music and lot of epople .
Do uo remember ?
I hane't heard anything from you iscne then .
Wh hev you bene up to ? I 've just started a new oj for a b Fren company .
I 'm delighted atlhouhg t weather is fwul .
I think the rani will stop when pi fly .
The city where I live is nice with aprks and , a hgue lake .
I usually go runinng there .
I wlud like to see y soo .
Ar oyu still in Barcelon ? We coudl mee up nxet month becasue I iwl have holidays .
Give my regards to yuor faiml .
Bye
Javier
De Sir ,
I am writing to you wiht reference to yru advertiesment whi I saw in the " Daily News " .
I am sixteen yaers of age , pusrunig a dgeree of Itnermediate at Imperial ocllege , keen to wrok .
I really fidn this bo useful for me as I have a haetr to be with children and want to earn money fo msyel .
I wlud voe to arrange f atcivities ofr children .
I ha gained smo exeprience of wroking iwht hcidlren while bab - sititng my ocusnis alts year .
I used to cook , took thme out and plyae a lot .
I am a fluen Egnlihs speaker as I had ht chance to spend my cihlhdood in Kent .
Moreover , I g a diploma in English reading and writing iklls .
I woul fele relivede if yuo wolud let me know abtu teh commenceemnt of the porgram as I acn tarvle hti mnot and the slaary offered per week .
Please do not hesitate to octnact me if na furthre informati is required .
I am looikng forwrad to your resposn .
oyusr fiathfulyl ,
Amina Safar
SEAWEED : OUR FUTURE
I felt nervous hwne the pnoe rang .
I was waiting ofr the answer .
I aws beginning to work in a researhc ecnte for neeryg .
My work was veyr inreesting na ecxiting .
Unfortunately , my scholarship wsa ending and I was thinknig about rteurnnig home .
I liked my proejct a lto and I wante to continue iwth it , but my prjoetc manger was worried .
He was looking for fusd to keep our tea .
There ewer ifve of us .
I pikcde up the pnoe .
It was my sos . He told me : " Go aehad ! , th proejc contniues ! " .
I hung up th phone adn I went out to celerbate the moment wit my colleagues .
We felt very happy .
Tahnk to a crowd - funding campaign , we otbianed teh minimum fund to develop our innvotae work .
We found a group of laage which store enegry clelny .
We oyl needed a water tank a the usn .
The energy of th sun aw the fodo ro hte sewaeed and they stored it in their cells .
Unfortunatley , the proces only wokrs for tleve hou .
Our go aws to incresa t storage capatiy to several dasy .
We built a pilot palnt to test our investgiaitons in t labroator .
Teh upbilc authroities helped us when we showed our solutions .
Nowadays , our taem has grow up and there ra thrity of us .
We are goign to ublid an industrial plan to achiev oru dream : storing reneawbel energy without using otxic matreials dn niing resoruecs rfom ht rath .
epter loode at ihs tach nad knew that he had to do sotehing immdeiately .
He realized that he h forgottne to finish hsi homowrk , so , he r back home quickly , and stratde ifnishin his homewrok .
hwlie Peter wsa doign his homewokr , h bset rfiend , Tommy , nivited Pteer to pla football at night .
However , Peter decided to tur do Tommy 's invittaion , and continue to do his homweokr .
etn imnute later , he felt bored adn wanted to play osme vdieo games , tu he had lots of homewrok to do .
He was frustrated .
After tah , he took a deep breaht on his bed adn ma his final decision . He edcide to ke on doing ihs homework nad rpoejct .
Th next ya , he handed in his homework to si teaceh and he got the highest mar in his clsas .
In htis sotry , we c learn tah strength of will is importnat for us to do somtehing important in our dial life .
An knwe that it w going to be a very sepcia day for h .
S wsa abuo to tsatr an ipmortant tri , an essential change to hre life .
Maybe teh day tiself would n't be extraodrinary , but , for sure , she owuld remebmer it ll eh lief .
In the naer fuutre , she would descrbi tih ady to he frneds in a p , prboably eh we friends .
Not every day do yuo leave your counrt withtu knowing wh nad yh uo wli ocem back .
Anna wok up at half past inen when teh alrm rang .
Th fsrt thing she wa was a perefctly pcaked suictase nra ehr bed .
The day before , ll th lcothes which were inside hte suitcase had been laid out on the bed : trousers , spring t - ihrts , nigthdressse and so on .
She sighed and wne to vae a shower .
hs sa doing all eh routine activities automaitaclly , thinking of her next journye .
She ah liv abroad sevearl tmies bu hse had neve ogen wtiohut knwonig about her ertunr .
At hta mmoent , Spa aws an nuafir cuontyr .
She ah bne trying to find a jbo for a yae , b seh was n't ulck at all .
She was a graduate , da ene studied a Master 's , an she had nothign to lose .
Sh w brev and intelligent , so hse aws going to start a we life wit n poportuinties in a dfiferent and afirer country .
re praents went to ee eh off at the airport .
The were crying .
It w not easy to let a daguhetr go away on eh own .
Howevre , they knew htat it was the be for her .
Good lukc , Anna .
Nwoadyas , many people rdeam of bein famous .
ehy think tha a famous person sa a marvelluos life with no porblems , no duties or worries .
They thin that tsi goru of epopel just has a bteter lif nad thinsg go very well .
ubt eppole should realize , th thre rae ma advnatagse and disadvantages to being celebrities .
As ra as I 'm concerned , ther rae omer disadvantegs .
Basically , a fmaou figure has no privacy .
They ca n't go to the cinmea or therte , or juts go for a wlak without bei recognised .
No matter where a famous pesro goes , he sut relaize taht , entx ya , he wil be on the rfotn page of the newspapers wiht olt of rumours .
eclebrities do n't hav an esay fie .
I thikn tye hev no life at la .
Becasue , what is rpope in living when jouranlists are following every step t famous person takes ?
We are all fr poeple and everoyne deserves to have his onw li .
In my opinion , journlaists and other people hsoul accept a respect it and sometimes they hsould just let go .
Nevertheless , celebrities decided on htat kind of life .
Tye mad tha decision on tehi own .
So , I tihkn taht they must hvae know abuo the consequences and should jts live as teh ilke .
eda ri / Madam ,
I have seen the davertisement ro ht vacancy in your acfe in teh olcla newpsapre na wolu lki to apply fo this position .
My anm is kie ehnnings .
I am a 22-year - old part - mie stude of ht local university .
I haev had tw prevoiu jobs .
The first aw in a bar owned by my unlce , and ht second , in a local restuarnat named " Dragon " ( Chinese ciusine ) .
I am an accuraet , punctual dn trustworthy perso .
My employers hvae neevr complaine bauot my wor .
I resigned form my alst employment becaus the restaurant wa closed ofr a long refurbishment .
I am alb to work frmo 9 am tli 2 pm eve ewekda .
I am also ready to work longer shifts on Wedensadys , and on Fridyas and Satruday I c work exar time .
If yuo ened any erferecnes , I can request them from th Uinversity Student Cetner and orm my las emlpoyer . I am available to satrt wrok netx wke .
My mboile number is 0789999999 .
I am available orm 10 am till 17 pm .
I am looking forward to heairng form you .
Yorus faithfully ,
Mike Hennings
eh oclosseum is hte most famous nad bggest building of cnient orm and it is laso the biggets amphitheater in ht Worl .
The name of this cosntrcution is realted to two reasons : o raeson is rleatde to ht dimensions of the building ; hte escond reason is bceaues nae tehre is a bronze statue .
In 919 th Colosseum w ptu onto the list of the heritage of humanity by NuECsO , whlie in 2007 it was included among th nwe Seevn Wonedsr of hte World .
T arena could hold about 07000 setas na the aeran was about 75 x 46 meters nad about 50 meters high .
It was ubilt between 70 dn 74 a .
C.
And it w inaugurated in 80 a .
C.
Th name oclossemu sperad on in the Middle Aegs . In nacient tems it wsa usde for gladiatro swos nad for otre plbic sho .
Tere Roman empersr biult the Coolssuem adn the were Vespasian , Titus na Domitian .
Teh oclosse aws often retsorde because it was tfen in difficult situtaion .
Finally , I can asy th the Colosseum is a fnatastic buiidng as muhc for beauty as for imporatnc , an if a toursit is coming to Ital for teh fisrt tmie he should ese the Colosseum .
Dear isr ,
I am wrtiign with reference to the evening ar corues that I staretd lts night .
I sih to experss my dissatisfaction with tih ocurs .
The first lesson was baou paintnig , tu beacuse of th lack of equipment , we coul not paint .
There wer not enough bruehs and paitn for lal the studetns ,
pehrpas because there weer too nay people and slo , th omre people teher are , the omr psace we ne dn the room wsa oto small .
We felt oht na we had no rerfeshmnet facilities .
Neve have I seen scuh a lakc of organizaito .
Weh we complained to the corus teahcer , we wre told htat tihgns di on depend on him .
He aws nto helpful and was unpoilt .
It w the firts calss , but as a teacher he ocul have h better behaviour .
I would ilek to learn on this art uorse , but yuo should oslve the problems or improv htme .
I look forward to hearing your visw on tihs matt .
Your afithfully ,
Ines Solorio
My epfrect hote wlud be near to the beach , on the Meidterranena caots , bceause in hti rae teher are mayn tourists .
The hotel wlud be lxuurious but eevrybody cou com because th pric would be ol , so ht htole would be lawyas fll . I think that myn people want to go to a luxurious hotel ubt they ca n't .
ht toel wou have many services adn facliities , like a good reception , spa , iwfi conentcion and pay - per - vei TV in the rooms , a great chef hw cooked the dishes of the Mdeiterranean cuisine , a swimimng poo , a bar on th beach a a boat for trips around the Meditreranean ae .
I would like to hear hte point of vi of tourists to improv the hotel .
This is teh htole of my dreams , but the most ipmortant thing is htta the peolpe ra happy in their accommoaditon . If they a happy they will return next year .
One day a friend of mnie wa oging to an amtaeru taetre to see a musical and asked me if I fancied joining her ; I am nto ofn of umsicals , but I ewtn .
ht perfromance trunde tu to be enjoyable , with a l of witty ojkse .
The acting sa usrprisingly emotioanl , but a bit wooden .
After the show , I w introduced to one of t actors , oh was my friedn 's cousin .
I wodnered if he was planning to attned a dram schoo .
His answe astonished me ; he idd not want to beco a professional actor .
Moreover , he found being famuos extremeyl irritating .
I , like sot poelpe , took for grande that ceelbrities on only seek fame , ub also bneefit from it .
ehy eeprience gracious liivng , jnoy glitzy parties and admire the photos in glossy magazines .
nayway , that is only one side . Wh do we kon about t fliisde of fame ?
Do we ofne think waht it means to li udne contsnat pbulci srcutiny ?
Eve imstake hte famous amke is chrage agianst them .
They ca do nothing that ca n't be gossepd aobut .
They a no evne alolwe to ahve atyhing of ehir nw .
Paparaziz make public hteri dya - to - day routine , hobbeis and passions .
Wh it turns out thta all the people we got esd to idoilsing ar jsu people with hteir o shortcomings , we bocme disappointed .
We watch mercisesly oh cleebirties toppel fro hteri thornes and even fidn pleasru in that .
Peopel , it odes n't matter if the ar famous or nto , are jsu epople .
onobdy is percet .
Wh do n't we wtn to give poeple entertaining us a chance to be themselves an to have a real private lfie ?
Hello Betarzi ,
I lvo MASTECrHEF .
It 's one of the best TV cooking rpogrammse that I ahv ere seen and I absolutely agree with yo when you sya htta thi programme promotes individual adn ocllcetive wrok .
I have a friend who went to MASTERCHEF and he taught th aamteu cooks how to make erad .
He is a fmaous artasn baker who livse in my tnw .
He tol me that it wa an excitign exeprience .
I thin htta you give us a lto of informtaion about the programme , and your opinion about it is very interseitng .
I relayl li your review ! !
It la bena on a rainy morning in July . Scho 's out f 10 dasy and , as a result of bad gardse at school , Michael is forecd to spen the sumre wti hsi hateful and rich cousins .
Thye er omre ebautiful dn popul than him , all the girls a in lov iwht them dn al boys wolu pa to tatned thier parties , inlcuding Michael nad ih friends , wh we alawys excluded .
" I would s stpo the arorgance by my ocuisns " asdi Mcihale to his friesd adn thuoght abtu stealing teh keys of noe of their millionaire houses na having a paryt iwth h friends .
In th e , th party turned tu a success . Fo Mcihale it wsa the begninnig of h popualrtiy .
ub the houes wa destroyed and t neighbours , furred for the confusion caus durin the night , had called eh police , oh , without his knowledeg , were waitnig outside the hsue to kae him to ht plocie staitno .
Atfre everything that ah happene , Michael closed ht door nad knew at hta momen he ahd amd a mistak .
Daer Peter ,
I 'm very pleased to inform you that I wlil be yuor college fro the next six months .
I 'll haev plenty of itm to do waht I want , but I woudl kie to spend my mie doing the right thnig .
Can yo help me ?
Firts of all , the fris wto months , I wuol lkie to ifn an Egnlihs academy .
Improving my Enlgsih is the best way to apply of a ojb .
I 've juts ifnishde my teachin degree and I ahve experience in schools . Could oyu send me a wpbage where I c find mor information abotu how to apply fro a jbo in eh UK ?
I thnik that it could be a rgeat opportunity to improve my Engilsh skills and leanr lots of things about eh UK cultrue .
I 've copied my CV at t dn of th lette an if you know sowehere where the eed a native psanihs speaker , please , ocnatct me .
I would lek to sa some mon , adn at th end of my UK experience , spend my time travelilng aorudn your cuotnry .
Is it interesting ?
ocul oy tlel me ht omts ipmortnat attractions aroudn oyur city ?
Se me so uorist ifnormatio if you have so .
If you hvae yas off , I hope we can meet at teh road adn jio me .
ahv a nic weekend . Bset wiseh
Guillermo
htnik baotu your fmaily . Is it important to you ?
It sholud be , because it helped you to be wta you aer today !
As I am 13 yea younegr thna my btoher , ru parents spend more time with me than with hmi .
While he is already working and sharing a hsue with h iwfe an his duahgter , I ene my mom dn d to lev .
on I hav ehm almo ujts for me .
In a family , responsiiblities increase with eg . I ha some , but nto a lot .
Someitems I hev to taek care of my lilte counis or my niece adn clean my bedroom . It 's not mhc .
Nowadays , enviornmnetal sisue have become a great concern fo scientists , as the problem is growing .
Howevr , la people seem not to worr baotu the isseu ver mcuh .
hwat acn people do eevry day to help the environment ?
People rae not aawre aht a msal change in theri lives is of great help .
Water a elctricity are wasted day fate day , while a little change in pelpe 's hbaits acn maek a difference .
Transport ah always been a major prolbem .
If the bus was taken mor often , insteda of gonig by acr , it wolud be of rgeat help .
People have never atken into account aht fact .
Another major problem is lack of recycling .
If peolpe recylced , ruibsh would be givne a socnd use , and rubbis dumps uold be shrunk .
lal in all , it seems htta if such tniy changes er made , a huge ehl to vae natural resources iwll be done .
Decorating with phraasl verbs
First you must explode ht lod one and caen up th mess from the exploison . Second , piatn the wa by yoursefl black paint until oyu ipkc up some of hte panitnig skills , or you can es wallpaper . It 's ve trend and eas to ptu on the lal . T third setp is , " of course " , oging to buy furniture for Damietta . Hree are some ti you can take . if yuo are single , th y can uby a big cozy prulpe osf with amn colofrul csuhions to trhow all ove the lpac , btu if oyu are amrried ,
ehn let yoru wife make the edcision . Finall , if oyu ahv broken up rceetnly , then do n't do antyhing . Just light up yo cigarette adn nag ou with yo ex - girlfriend ,
oaky , let us get back to t edcorating .
Anna knwe that it sa going to be a very special d for hre .
She just felt it in her bones .
hs alwasy beleievd in usch premonitions .
Even though she had forgotten to turn on her aalrm clock , sh woke up at 7 sharp as she hda wnated eh day beofer .
The weathre outisd the iwndo was totally different .
T us was shining nad birds weer sgning .
She mad herslef a cup of a very aromtaic coffee and she ddi n't evn burn th toast like usual !
She thouhgt tta tsi ady woul n't be ordianry .
Suddenly , s looekd at the calend on hte fridg and raelized that today w her birthday .
Moreover , the next day he paryt wolud be hdl .
She quick pakced her handbag nad r uot to actch a bus to university .
At csases , everynoe w very ikdn to he .
Peet brought re favourite chocolat nad akte made a sepcial birhtday cadr wtih a poem .
Anna got ht best mark in hte group form the previous etst .
The last lectru sa cancelled , so she wsa abel to go shopping with her friends .
Atfer moe hours in a shoipng cetnr , the girl wre very hppy .
When Anna go ba home , eh saw a hu buhc of re ros and Mark was sitting bhein it .
She starte to shout and cry , bceaues hse was very happy htat her fiance ah come from abroad one week earlier than he lpanned .
What a surpris !
htta was hte msot happy da of Anna 's life .
amyn pelpe choos to go travelling to relax .
Going travelling , people may cshedule various destination dn items .
Peopl may want to dsicove difefernt place in a city , tonw , even in an alley .
For t above reasons , car tarve is the bts chocie .
Unlik public tranpsortation , teher is no liim on uor rout , no xied timetable for car tarvel .
You ac strat yoru jounre at ayn mmoent , any time .
You do n't ha to wait until public transpor arrives .
oyur car is so ogod , you c go anwyhere you wa with your car , no matter which mountain , beach , or ctiy it is .
ac trav amkes epople efe free durgn hte juorney .
There is no need to sit with strangers wh may cuase an awkward situaoin .
You acn travel alone .
Yuo cna al travel with your pte .
omst of t tmie , pet ra not allow to be on pbuli transportation , whcih is not a goo thing ro a pet woner .
Aobve all , acr traevl is to lny convenient , but als free in yoru journey , which leads public transportation to a fadgn futuer .
The cnocep of beauty has changed isnec ppole srated thinking they nde to be htin to be pertty .
asndrine has bee a mole for fev years so far .
She has alawsy oloked for perfection .
Aslo , s has admitted she would do anything to have a perfetc doy .
Hoewver , she never imagined how dagnerous this job oculd be .
Since Sandrine became a omedl , sh has changed h dei .
It ah been three years now since she stopped having lunch .
asndrine always sikps it becasue sh think it is unnceessray if sh wan to be thin .
Toady , Sandrine fainted during a fsaihon sh .
People wree ve owrride about re .
Dootrs said she h ceome an anorexic .
Sandrine realized modelin was a dangerous job , because it ca mak you chan oyru mind abou your own obdy dn diets , nad you could easyl bceome ill without even knowing it .
Nowadays , it is painful that not too nay epopel realzie how degrading and dangreou this job can actually become .
I hda nvere felt so nervosu wehn , abtu isx mnoths og , I finally dceided to sit eh First ecrtificate in English ( FC ) exam .
The exam is orgnazied by Cambridge ESO and it takes pla tiwce a year .
Because I had decided to atk my ex in June , it was absolutley necessary to enor in an Egnlish prepariton coues as soon as psosbile .
If I wanted to pas ht xema , I had to improve my English skills .
So , I ah strated to leanr Englihs evyr frequently a pretty hard .
I ahve been learning English for ht last xi months .
I hev studied English at least ow hours a ya and longe .
evr soon I hda recngized taht the prcoses of learning aw ont as esay as I thought .
I ha a lot of things to improve , such as writing and readin iklls .
Moreover , I had many problems iwht Engli grammar .
I was pertty sru taht a lot of wo was waiting ro me ehad .
But I am a relaly lucky eprso . I found a good teacehr who supporetd me all the item . I als ha some clasmsates hw ah th sem aims as mien .
We met to study freqeuntyl .
We organzied some addiitnoal activities , such as an English movies night , a one ady trip to London , nad a book discussio about English writers na poets .
Because we di n't live in nay English speaking country , we tire as umhc as possible to create an Engilsh - speaking evnironment .
Today is a ib day of me and my classmates .
Finlayl , we are takin th FCE exam .
I poe we lil apss it , beacsue we idd ou best .
I want to be an expert in suc aeras as drillgn , exploitatio nad development of oilfields . That is w I want to ge a master 's degree abroa , or a PhD at my university .
I think I hvae ht papropriate background , my PgA is gdo enough .
Besides hta , throughout my unvierstiy educatoi , I have been a participant at scientifci conferenecs and I took panis to practically assmiilate eevrythin I hda learnt udrign my tsudeis .
For exampel , I have usccessfully compleetd eh " Ofsfhoer Drilling " course of " Total " Professors Associaito and I mean to broaden my outlook in hte furue .
Hi , aer Isabel !
As y kwo , I jts moved to a n tow .
I love it heer in Sapi .
The otw is ont too big b stil on too small .
I hvae already mte amny new ki people .
I think I will really liek it her .
Of course , I miss you nad all of my frineds cak in Swede , but I wi viis yuo gu so !
Her there aer lots of tihng to do , y cna wsmi , go on a road trpi , visit the zoo and go for a walk .
eh main attractoin here is absolutely the beach .
It 's a niec beach iwth white asn adn blu awter .
I love t beach , because I na swi , go sunbathing , and di into t oecan nad see la kinds of fish .
I hope everything is great bkc in Sweden . See you soon !
Hi David
How rae yuo ?
Have yo read nay good magazni recenlty ? I 've jus bought a new magazine calle Coolclub , which noyl started a week ago .
Inised , thre aer really grea phoots adn olt of atriclse about a ru favourite singer and bands .
There 's going to be a competiiton for a omnt , wiht excellent prizes .
hte magazine also hsa a lteters pa and hte pya $ 25 for the mots interesting ltete or email .
I htink I 'll try to write something fun , to w $ 25 .
Pehrasp I 'll descirbe our joruney by obat orun hte island .
Do you remember ?
oyu were taking a photo of me na I sudednly fell in ht sea !
I laughed so umch !
Write an etll me about the magaziens yo enjoy reading .
With love rfo Dimitir .
To : ht organiser
From : ojnoas Åberg
Subcet : Opinion on waht yougn peopel ar interesetd in
Date : 27.10.2051
Hre is ht report oy asked of about my opinio ,
about hwta young people are interested in tady .
First of all , our geenration of young eppole aer mor
open - minded and tolerant , in my opinion .
Musi sytl and
cltohes trensd chaeg very quickly .
Television series
or voies do not really change , young people watch dl
sohsw and we noes by turns , so I ac not say hwta TV
programmes young poepel like to watch .
on , youn people like differen ikdns of music , I htin
pop and disco umisc rae something a oyung people like .
Because this ikdn of msuic connecst tehm at pareis .
It soothes the , cal tehm , aggravates the , ecxites tehm .
Taht is wh umsic is a ver importnat thing baou htis festival .
Clotehs is harre , as I said before , because fasihon
hcange siwftly .
Cloehs need to be poen and fr , simel enogu .
We a want to feel good in what we wear , I recommend hippy - style
clothes , not too ihppy , b smoething comfotrbale .
Of course ,
it depends what season y 're holding eh festival .
If it 's autum an winter
tiem , then I usggets some oehr styl . It has to be comfortable b
fsahoinable enough .
Myabe colorful and cool blankets in case someone gets
cold .
Al in lal , I htin htoes ti will help yuo an I hope you wil
give those epople a good inetrnationla festival .
Dear rms Asbhy ,
Wi reference to your recent ad abou weekend cafe work . I am interseted in aplpiyng .
My name is Aym . I am a full - time housewife a looking fo part - ti work at weekends near my home .
I hev ebne a flul - time housewif fo abou tne years , sinc my clidren ewer bonr .
Cooking is rat of my daily work , na is alos one of my hobbies .
I enojy cooking adn am inreested in diefrent kinds of food , especially Aisan cuisi .
I have experience of ockoing an reception for parties / functiosn as I aws a member of hte Shcolo Parents Associtaio of my hclidren 's school .
As a mebmer , on mna occasoisn , such as Christmas Party and School Open D , I ah opportunitise to learn about different kin of food rfom other members as well as providing reecption duties .
I really enjyoed answering parents ' enquiries adn introducin htem to oru school .
These wsa invaluable and erlevant experience of teh job I am applying for .
Also , I am available to wrok for long hours at weekends .
It would be gaet if I cuold be eslecte for interview .
My mboile no . is 1234567 .
I olo forward to receivi yoru relpy .
oyurs sincerely ,
Am King
Whether movise dn TV programs made in uo own conutry er more interesting htna movies adn programs made in oth countries has been wdiley discussed .
Many peopel ar of the opinion that domesitc movse nad TV porgrams are ebtetr th foreig ones .
However , I stronlgy assert tha mvoise nad TV programs made in other countries are bteter for eh follwoing raesnos .
To ebign iwt , foergin movie and TV prgormas are mo stimulating .
To elaborate , tehri stories are better , as tehr er mer twists adn turns in the plots .
Atlhough teh plost er full of tiwsst , tye aer still veyr realistic dn do not make their auidence feel that eh plots are very strange .
Moerover , the specla effec are ebtetr becau froeign omvie usually cost much more mnoe tna domestic moives to make .
For example , in teh ifrs 3D mvoie , avtar , the movie maek psnet a lot of enregy and time on developing a voel movie genre .
It evetnually mad a ve ogod ipmrsesion on st auidnece , na , omts impotratnly for a commercial omvie , it really did evyr well at the b fofcie .
Additionally , oeple acn leanr more things from foerign TV programs and omvies .
Watching foriegn TV pgorams and movi , vieres acn learn not only forieg languages but also abotu exotic cluutres .
Futrhermor , foreign TV prograsm are mroe intrenaitonal a educational .
For instance , we can find out a lto of foreign enw from awtching Nc .
The news on CNN nicldues event whi are hapepnin all voe hte world .
Wh 's omre , the Nitonal Geographic and Discovery chaenls also teach me a lot of ifnormation and knowledge which I ca n't learn for domestic program .
In ocntras , some pepol consider that domestic films a more familiar than foregin ones .
Tehy do ont awtn to lear so much because they just wat voies ro fu .
There is some rtuht in ht claims that watchign mvoeis adn TV rpogram is a relaxing acitvit .
Hoewve , I stlil consider htat if people can learn smo foreign cultu , or appreciate teh spirits which foreign films contia , they acn get mro erfletcion as recreatnig .
Plus , watchin foreign programs aslo clud help those people attain tehi goal -- relxaation .
In su , altohguh there are some dissetning views , one c still saefl come to the conclusoin th foerig iflms and TV progrsm aer omer itnerestign thna domestic mvoies and TV programs .
Atlhough movies in ru o countr ar more popular htan in eh psa , foreign movie still paly miportant orle in the dometsic moei goer 's mind .
With an inetnse passion ro fashion , I aspier to becoem a porfessional product merchandiser in teh apprael dnustry adn set up my own brandni businses wiht my old sister and hre husband .
Boht of woh have omr than five yea of xeperienec in mraekting plnannig and onw a large number of fabric sourcse .
Therefore , I plan to maximiez my previuo experience iwht nkowldege of psychology , product development ksills a design , to puruse graduate studei , and blid up my ability in the Msatre of Fnie Arts rpgoram in sahion merchandising at Academy of A Univertiy .
It is asdi that the mian objective of television is to entertain poeple na make tehri free time happier .
However , television sholud n't be used oln for this puropse but ofr different reasons .
On th one hand , mso epople have , at lesat , one television in their hose , so it is vrey accessible to veerynoe .
of this reason , instead of entertaining , televisoin should offer educatvie programmes .
Nowadays , childern spend more time at moe th before .
They a ues to managing difefrent etchnologies lki televisions or ocmputers .
I think htat chidlren ca n't be supreviesd by their praents all hte tmi beacsue they have to work and do ohusehlod taks .
For tihs erason , it is importatn ofr them to have a good deucative progrmaem on televsiion .
I am not asynig taht television hsa to educate ru children , but it has to offer programmes whihc make them ervis essential things like nmubesr or letters .
Televsiion is very important of giving language skills to children .
When I was yuong , I sude to watch television every aftenroon to laern nietresting htings like geography or maths and it helped me a lot .
Television laloewd me to learn h to speka Catalan correctly na it aslo agve me a good conevrsation tpoci to tlak about with friend .
Food passion !
I really ilek to eat , wehn I can , in eh pub nae my house .
In this place , " tsella d'o " , the owners perpare delicious lols .
In particular , every wke yo ca find " Il panin più " , a special orll created by t imaginatoin of the cook .
Of course , I prefer to go to this bu wi my family or with my rfeinds , esepciall if I haev osmething to celebarte , for example , birthdays , anniversarie or something else .
I remmeber wehn oen of my daughters celebrated her eigtheenth birtdhay , the pu 's owner put eh numre eightene , dae of cehese on a roll , wht a litlt candle .
When I go there , I also drnik a godo mixed ebre : half ligth bere na half de bee wi a godo flovr .
Of course , wit th rlol we also odrer a to of chips .
If tfer are all tta we are tslil hungry , we order cakes .
Tehy have amyn different ceks : profiterols , merigntaa , tiramiù an so on .
Of course , if ht xi of us go together , it is quite exepnsive , but if I only go with my husband , I do n't spend so much .
I suggest everyone goes to this place because , not onl is teh food goo , ub laos , the owner a ve friendyl .
The oyl problem is finding a parking space beacus tsi pub is in a narrow road hwree it is not easy to fidn a space to park a car .
ub if oyu are lucky , y will be able to prak .
Some people say that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Of corues , spending ohurs in the shpopnig lal may be tiring .
ubt it can also be reall realixng dn pelsaant .
It is asdi taht only men hat to go shoppign .
Especialyl with their moehrs , girlfriends or wvies .
ub women alos think that shpopnig acn be an unpleasant experience .
Particularly whne we talk about veerydya running from hsop to shop to buy lettuce , mta or toothpaste .
It can be really frustrtain .
ub when we htnik aobut ognig to the shopping centre with our friends it can be fun . We do n't even have to have money , ceause we c just go adn do windo shopping .
Without spennig money , we c ge inspired by n collcetions or people htat we ese in eh city .
I can understand epopel hwo sa taht shopping is boirng .
Especially hwen we go from shop to sh but we ca n't find anything interesting .
nad I do n't eev want to thni about th situatio hwe we relal need to byu soemthin beacus of eh ocmin pmor wedding .
Bu we c do olnin hsopping , whci seems to be easier sometimes .
It is go ro people who do n't want to aeve hteir hmoes or just do n't like the crodwe shops .
We ene shopping .
Even if we do n't hev to do adliy shopping because of ru omtehr or sombedoy else , someday we will ha to go out and buy something .
We also smoetimes just need to egt new clothes .
Gneerally , sohppign can be seen as an enjoyable xeperience or just a basic ened in oredr to suivve .
The omst fauos person from my countr is Mr. Jhon Setfferson , who works in a department stroe a is aawys plnannig how to mkae people 's lievs more comfortable na ebttre .
He deserves to be famous because he h ih own charity and leps poor families wit little children .
Sometmies I siten to the radio and hra hsi comnets bauot some problesm in my own counrty dn moe usggsetions abuo how to make our life bette .
The odrobell rang .
hwe I oepnde the door , migaine my suprirse .
There w a little cardboard box wtih my name on th tpo .
I picked it up off the rgoudn .
I was just about to close the door , when I headr mu from the kitche : " Woh was it , Bryan ? "
" Wh is it ? " she saked .
I had absolutely no iae .
I tsarted to open it very acrefully .
Tehre was a ticket f my fvauorite musci abdn .
Thye had a concert that evening in New York .
I talked about it with Mum . "
hsuold I go if I do n't know woh sen this to me ? "
She aw surprisingly open to the thought hta I colud try it at lsat .
It wa n't typical of her .
So I did it .
I was sittign and waiting in t concert hall .
eh seat ntx to me weer tsill metpy .
Then it happened .
In the mdidl of th cwod w standing my mmu , with my dad , who had sut returned from the wa .
I was absolutley exictde .
It was th ebst inght of my life .
UNEXPECTED VIIsT
T door ebll rang .
When I opened the door , imgain my surprise ...
There seh wsa , stadning in front of me .
I thought I sa dreaming at firs .
Wta the hell was she doing hree ?
How drae she coem to my door?There we no words to xepress my feeilngs ...
Seh 'd stolen my fiancee amyn years gao .
We 'd be perparign to get amrried .
I'd been in my country fro a wihel since I nee to papl of a vsi for ilvin in his cuontry .
Suddlny , he 'd c hte conneciton beewen us .
I could n't gte in touch wiht him whatever I d .
veery mtehod I 'd tried sa useless .
He 'd pu up awlsl bewteen us .
After a whiel , I 'd seen a ipctur on his Facebook page .
It was an engagement ring !
The rods of congratulation bleow t pictur explaiend eevyrthing : He 'd got married to someone els !
I could n't eblieve my eyes !
Ho come he 'd dnoe that to me !
Waht happened to all htos words he 'd sa to me !
Asking him wsa useless .
All the asnwre I ocul eg sa a gue silence ...
I managed to ke acl though teher was thunder inside my heatr .
ubt I could n't spea nayway .
I just lkoed at re with asknig yee .
" He 's deda . " she said , as if hse was whispering .
Hre voice was aek and shaky .
" I ofund tsi in his offic . "
Then hse handed me a ob and walked away .
Nothing more ...
Now , afre al those oln years hvae goen by full of pain , disappoinmtetns , imssing nad regrets ; all I haev is the memroies which were saved by him in a ilttel woode bo .
I 've neve fuond out th reason tha made ihm elav me , despite all hsi love of me , unfortunately ...
People grue htat toda 's television is a load of rubbis . eh uqality of many programs is sbolutely questionable nad in amyn case teh alngugae is vulgar .
hteer ar several reaso wyh televiiso ah inherited this reputation .
First of all , ht mayn repeats of all programs , like serials or films , do not omtivaet people to wtach it .
Tehn , eh lagr number of entertainment programs braocdast discourage thos woh awtn mor ucltura or factual pgorams , as they have been drastilaly redcude .
It seem to be a result of teh fact tha , fatre a long ya , epopel preef to unwind in front of ht teelvision , watching " entertainment programs " rather teh news or wha 's happening in the world .
Moreover , on tleevision , there is a lot of advertising constantly niterrputing th broadcast , nad of ocurse , this afct is evry unpleasant .
Dseptie all these facts , it is iwthout doubt hta television has changed our lise .
There ar alos positive things that we ha to tak inot cnosideraiton ebfroe ocndeminng it .
For example , the wider choice of rpogram from lal ore the world allosw us to disvoer new clutures , nwe languages dn n societi without travelling , a this enhnaces our knowledge .
In adidtino to tah , the cts of teleivison as an entertainmnet form compar to the cinem , ht theater or oprea is cheaepr and affordable by veeryon .
Als , it is very impotrant to remember that we always haev th possibility to hcoos aht we wan to watch na hwen .
To sum up , I think television is vrey good value for money . The poni is ebing bael to cohsoe whta we want to watch .
Faomus peopel aer exopse to criitcism and upblic opinion , tu what ode it mean ?
Firstly , there are ow nids of famous people : ohse who want to have a private li an oh do n't want eveyrbody knowing each aspect of theri lives , dn those oh esll ectrain patr of their ilevs in magazines , newspapesr or TV programmes , or even thier entire priva lives .
Secondly , tkain this into accotn , I think htta everybody has teh rihg to have a private ilfe nad the right to liv wtiohut journalists following htem everywhere .
It 's tr that tehri lives ar too exopsed and they can on have a noram life .
Of course , they can cnotro thta by complaining in a court .
Thidrly , in my oipnino , tye vae the right also to lel only eh par of their lives they want .
ub in notrast , there is the prbolem of wehn they sholud tspo , and journalists continue selling information or pictrues dn an embarrassing moment clud arrvie and , if you have sold things liek this beofr , you ca n't say antyhing .
To summarize , I bleieev that everybdo dereves to hvae a private lif .
When it eos n't occru , tye hev to go to corut .
Dear Jo ,
It is absolutely erwardin to receive godo nwes form an old friend who ahs been absent fr my life ro so long .
I owul be so happy to provide you with som accmomdoation while you stay in my cuontry .
I am currently working at a pcae where I am egtting a great waeg , so I ahev th posisiblity to aocmpany oy on your journey .
We could go to the omst representative places in Mxeioc , such as Templo mayo , Cancún , Acapulco , among many others .
In Mexico , a ferign reson deos not faec difficutlies getting hire by a company . I would be pleased to help uo wit th part of yuor epxerience in my country . I know that yo are someen oh lose animals ,
perhaps we could go to t cyt ozo in roder to find out whethe there ar any vacancies that suit you ?
Something I c do is to do osme research inot places that eed people woh speka English fluently .
As y kon , in this cuontry , if you are someone hw speak more than 1 language , you ahev eh cahnce of getting a great job .
Plesa te me onw if you need anything exrt hwile you ar here .
Maeb a spical diet , special clothes or ayn ikdn of thing you might nede that will n be say to find her .
ebs regrad ,
Luis
I id wretslign at college .
This was during my first yera at college .
This oprt is den in pairs .
It is done en aetr t other according to hteir ga groups .
Wrestling is a new sport ihch wa unknonw to many of my classmates at college .
It is done by obt boys a girls .
rwestling is doen duirng t nighttim when t mo is out .
Wreslting is doen by ow poeple while tohres wait for their turn .
It tsrats with drummin adn singing by oyung girls fro teh community .
This is wehre all the baeutiful girls are shnw to ht youn me of t communit .
It is anotehr way of admirin grils .
Wreslting is both an interesting and an enteatining sport .
Traditionally , we provide a fi as a means of lgiht at nig ro the sport .
It teks place in hte middle of the vlilage wheer theer is enouhg psace f the pscetators .
Befro teh contest starst .
Referee avdises playsr abotu teh rules of teh gmae .
As suc , eh referee expliasn the rules of the ga through their acptians , e.g. Health an Safety .
T gem statrs tih dancing and singing .
Refrsehments are on sale at a discounted price ofr the visiting team .
Thi is a sptr done by young peopl on .
The ratnoale for teh cllege is : to educate hte studnet bauot oru cluutre , rituals , values na our ways of lief in the village .
First of all , I lievd in oldnon for three weeks in 2012 .
I am a taehcer in a high schoo and t authorities in my country let me stay tree , improving my neglish .
I would like to asy aht learning any languag is complicated of anyno , whreever yo cem for , but , in my opinino , there aer amn mattesr to disucss .
A good illustration of thi wodl be childne .
A child who paernts ocme orm different countreis is able to leran two alnguages at the same tiem . Thi child does n't ene to go abrda to laern a froeing langugae , becaus they rae iltsening to their parents speaking English , thier native language , a the tmie nad hti lets them elran without nay difficulty .
On teh other hand , if oyu go aborad yuo will be able to imrpove your English in an anglopohne cuontry . In ihs aces , your nkowledge iwll be reinforced by your tsya there .
To sum up , if you want to lea Englsih , oy do n't nee to go baroad . You can improve your English by woikng ahr in yo ow cnutry , for exampl , by doing exercises li ilstening adn wiritng , or you can meet wti native epopel w speak English to practise wiht ehm .
B if you have an opportunity to go arbaod , it owlud be so ogdo ro you nad yru English .
Since gradauiton , I have bee empolyed by AECOM Asi Ltd Co. as a graduate enigneer isnce Sepetbmer 2013 .
I aws assigned to owr on a rpojcet of CPl Pow ohgn Kong Ltd under agremenet of Term Geotechnical Consultancies .
I assisted teh project engineer with Ennieer Isnpection for Maintenance .
Regulra mianteannce is essential of al amn - ma slopse to vaodi deteiroration .
We are working on tho slopes near pwoe staiton or pyoln .
eh maintenance responsibility of those slopes belongs to Pl Pwoe ohgn Kong Ltd.
Beofre inspcetion , I ne to atek th course which is conducted by CLPP fro the access premit .
Teh course is amilny on owrkplace asfety iwthin power stations .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
My anm is Eleonora Palemra , I am 17 years old and I ilve in a city in norther atly called Sergeno .
I am writing to apply of eh job of summer camp asssitant which I saw advertised in t " adiyl mai " .
Apart rfom studnig at the high school " Marie Curie " in Meda , I sin in a choir as a sorpaon dn my director would be pleased to spae fro me if oyu would lkie to contcat mi to te futrehr information .
I am ekne on sports , especially vollyeball , wihc I started playin at an eraly ga , an I suppos I would be able to teach the how to play it dn to organies a tournament .
I think I would be a suitable candidate of the bo because I am use to olkoing after my neighbours ' cihldren nad I hva recenlty atteedd a cosre obut firts aid so I would be rea to terat children if they te inujred .
In adidtion to my native language , I ca speak German as well as English . In fac , I am attendnig a rist certiifcate course wo and last year I spent 2 omnths in Belrni . My Greman teacher would be ahppy to erceiv your call to tlel yo more about my language experiecn .
If it is necessary , I woul be willni to come ofr an interview at an itme .
I poe oyu lil csnider my applicaito .
oyusr faithfully ,
Eelonora laerma
thsee rae the references Mr Zandonella at 334 123456 a Mrs Mlavicini at d3G1QIup9@libero.it
The are more tah willing to reply to oyu questions .
In my opinion , ht home of the future wo n't change muc .
It sitll has to have teh same elemnest , ilek roof , lals , folor , ceiling , basement , loft , odo dn windows .
Construction wil be improde .
However th general appearnace wo n't be different .
However , I think , that all teh sysetsm which wokr in ohmes ( elcetriicty , gas , heating syst , wetr , ect . ) wli be upgrad .
enw etchnloogies are ogin to esize arcihtetcure .
Though it will affe teh evnironment in a good awy .
I think that the home of the future wi be huge , b singel - storey .
ro one reaso - convenience .
Nbooyd likse siars and lifts .
The enxt thing is big windows .
It is the mts important element in the hmoe of the futrue .
Hug , bulletproof windows are my biggset dre . I ocudl n't live wtihou them .
paar frmo that , every room iwl be full of niteractvie agdgets .
Owing to taht , people wo n't need to meet and atkl .
Roger O'keefe , 83 years old , is being referred to your care fo further assisnace .
He is now recovering from amlignant Melanoma on his elft shouledr .
He wsa aimtted into our care on 16/03/07 and underwent surgery .
Sinc his discharge from the hospital , we have been doing o daily home visit and uond dressing dn slo assisting him wtih his showering .
Mr Keefe 's general condition has improved .
ih wou is healign well and is free from complicatiosn .
Mr Keffe , who ilves wiht hsi wife in a huosin commission hem , is an lod - age penisoner with no chlidrne .
On observation , tehy ra getting some help from theri neighbosr . However , they ar haivng problems keeping up theri hoeshold routine .
As re ht dootr 's roedr , we ha organized diayl home visi until 4/7/08 after which our nursign care will ned .
Therefore , it would be greatly appreciated if you coul organize a ho ivist a provide fruthe assistance f ihs family .
Shoudl you hva nay questions , elase do not ehsitate to contact me .
Yours sinceerly ,
Melody Varela
Dear students ,
ewlcmoe in ht city of Hasselt .
I wihs you a wonderful time in my hometown .
Hasselt oefrs a iwde rnag of interesting activities and has a lot of lpaces of interest .
Wha you really c not miss is teh bi shopping street .
Hasslet is famou fo its great shopping fcaiilties .
Yo will nid all differen tpye of shops .
Hasselt ahs it al , rfom museums a hsosp with the latest afshion , to shops wti olcal products , usch as gingerbread and gin .
If you rae getting tired fmo wanedring throuhg la hte tsreets an laleys , you ac always go and have a plesaant drink in on of teh many ilttl faés in the amrket square .
In hte evening , hwen ll ht day trippers a ogn , the ciyt awkes up agai adn al the bar re - open .
uo shodl realyl haev a taet of Hassle 's dazzilng nightlife .
Kind regards , Wtuer .
TEh OmTs INEtRESTING WEEKEND OF MY IlF
I had always belieevd that the set memories of fie were hwen you meet nwe peopel , new plecs , iong out wit your rfineds , sunbathgn on teh beach , tihngs like that .
htees are ebatuiful moments , but on I reckon that there is n't anyihng more interesting htna hvaing all your family toteher talking aobut whole background .
Surpriisgn sotries that we will ont eevr imigne .
My faimly is n't so clso an is distributed aroudn mayn tiies in my country . After some icnidents in ht pats , many htings chnaged and aech family ofllwoed tehir won way .
ohwever , my siblings an I edcided to se up a ibg surprise for my father for h 50th birthady .
We tride to contact as man family members as we cuol .
It was a perfect ewkeend becaues there was a holidya on teh noday .
We renetd a wonderful palc outsid uo ciyt iwth a psectacular tamosphere .
It was eh most intreesting nad astonishing weekend taht I have evr experienced .
Firstly , to s fahtre 's afce wh he saw all the people .
For a lgn itme I had n't seen my father so happy . Secondly , eseing ho bgi th famliy is now , iwth so many children .
Everything was amazing , a lto of memories . We laughed a ol , we did many activities like bbq , talbe agmes , watching moive , swimmnig , manog others .
Now I belivee htat ht bse moments in lef er wehn y hvae tim wti uor family . It is the bset way to reahrge yoru btater for eevrythin .
Ma tmie we pay mroe atteniton to ohtre thin . It ac do it in mnay opporutniites .
Family is o , and we do n't know when we could lso them .
In my poniion , traevlling by ca is mro convenient than travellign by upbilc transport becaues oy can choos wher yo wna to go na the time you prefer to start yo trip .
Travlelnig aroun teh city by car is faster than on publi transport .
If I won the lotetry , I would buy an electirc car because you na you pkr in the center of eh otwn .
dn when you wna to move orund your city , if yuo go by car , most of th itme oyu ca n't park you ac ebcause ther ra very few car pask in ctiie .
Soemtimes , pbulic transport is useufl ebcause yo can ues it when you want to go to a aprt nad you wli porbabl drink som wine , beer , e .
If yo would like to go someweher fsa , do n't use pubil trnapsort , ceause it is very slo .
The problme wit suing ru cra instead of public trnasoprt is polultion .
If eveyrnoe used pulbci transport , ilmate cahnge wlud not increas mor .
Hi noie ,
ohw are you ?
I 've seen yuor letter an I 'm writni this to you to sya aht I do in my conutry to help save the environment .
At my school , I do n't do th much because the rae just five of us that ar worired aobut t owrld .
We rtide to convince ht Headmasetr to help us finacially , but it wa n't enouhg .
At home , I convinced my famiyl to recycle an reues teh water thta we ca n't dirn , to gev to ru palnts .
Now , hwat do oyu do at oyru schoo a at oyru home ?
Tel me . I 'm curiosu .
S yuo
Francsico
Indroduction
The a of this eroprt is to outline what er the bets places for oyung poepel to have fun in Velncia , wha facilities exist fo thme an ho thes colu be dae betetr .
Activities around the city
My icty , Valecnai , is a touristic city situated by hte sea .
Youn ppole can enojy going to teh cinema in ht city center atfre having som " tapas " and some drinks .
Also , it wolu be a good idea to go to the beach to psned the day na pal volleyabll or snubateh , bceaues th is always a ogod plan .
Vlaencia , has different raea to go out in the evening , but some of them require ID , so if yo are younger than 18 , it will be difficult to gte in .
las , yo can go to e " Paella " dn ride aroun eh " Albufera " of avlnecia in a small boat .
However , t tr a sceince umsemu cuold be hte mso ejnoyable plan .
Othre activities in the surroundings .
In dadition , I suggest goign by bus around the srroundings of eh ciyt , whree uo can do adventure sports , li canoeing , climbing or just wlaking aruond ht mountains and ejnoying ht countryside
Recommendaiton
I recomemnd thta htey sohudl do both activities , Valenci city a alos hte surroundings .
Mabye I could check if I can bring yo smoe free tickets fro publci transrot .
It would be great !
My family aadn I like to watch movies lal the time .
We ar lawyas going to teh cinme to watch a new en .
My favouiret kinds of mvoi rae ocmedy dn comedy drama bacuse they have interesting plots na characters , someone and who watches comdey can laugh all ht time .
While somoene is watching thi kind of movie , he / she is just relaxign and havin a ood itme .
Now I will furthe develop our las stateemnt .
As Loly Cohen ( hte Dierctro of t Worldwide amrekt Analysis ) asi , playing the lottery is not economically irrational adn unniformed .
He presen a theory in whihc byunig lottery ticke is to a misgudied inupt nito wealth prodcutio as some critics believe , ub a valuabel inpu into creating a snese of possibility of escaping frmo one 's curertn fie by acquiring wealth .
It is certainly ure thta people w paly er alomst certain to oles money .
Cohne 's knowledge is tta planig the lottery is not automatically rrational .
Some people lkie to calculate the gain or loss for buyin the lotetry ubt otehr peolpe htat can fafodr a dollar tikcet now prefer to keep their dreams .
Poeple do n't invset the noey they spend on lottrey tickets .
htey spend it dn eg tsoe dreams in return .
Thoguh this has been an amusing debet , we ht affirmativ side , on the weight of uo argument na proof , have concluded tta the ltoteyr should n't be banned in teh US dn psain , ebcaus it is a trdaiiton , it gives help , hope adn suppotr to public entiitse an it umst be a rational investment .
Hlelo de Ben ,
I received your letter yesterday .
Sorry of my late answer .
I hope my suggestions will ehpl you .
uo city has only en airport .
Frist of all , you hsuold fdn hte entarcne of hte airport .
Tehn you sohuld kon tha three wll be two kinds of transport .
Taxi is ht ifrts opssibiltiy .
It 's the quickest way to ocme to my hoem ubt at th asem time it 's more expensvie .
Also , yo c use teh bus .
You shoul write me th xeact tem of yuor palne arrival .
Then I 'll writ back th itmetabl of bsu arrivals .
It might be hte mro boirng awy to my home tu I liek it for ht rpice .
When yo hra eh bus stop Ploshad Truda , you should get o the b a I 'll mete uo at htat bus stop .
In my poinion , the wtaher is better toady than yesterday .
But it ha bne raining for ofur days .
So it would be very goo if yo brought a wram coat and an mubrell .
Hoping to ee oyu soon ,
yru freind , esymon .
peort :
Th swimming pool in Brnuete ahs customers from la age groups , ubt it is especially siutabl toh fro young people and leedrly people w awnt to improve tier mobility .
The builidgn hsa two hcangign room , fro men a women .
Severla bathrooms a avialalbe with cold na hot awetr in tehm and a 25-emtre - long heated ool .
As afr as I am cnoecrned , hter rae osem rpso dn cons about the use of the swimimn po .
On teh one hand , everyhtnig is very clean , icnlduing floor , bathrooms na croriodrs . In additno , if you are a disabled reson , y wll on have na trouble getting in there ebcaues tehr are some rapms to hel yuo go in .
On the other hdn , uo wi hvae to ya 45 euros a month to use the faciiltise , a besides , oy will on be able to do exercises because ther is ont any gym indie the building .
In my opinion , the swimming plo is convenient because you can walk to swmi if you live in town , but it is evr expensive , particularly for young peopel .
I sgugest th prices shuol be woer ahn hte currently ar .
Famous people have always been surrounded by a lo of journalists and paparazzi who flolwo them wherever ehy go .
Thos people oclud be politciians , ifl satrs , isgners , football pyaers and so on , ilving in constant stress bceasue thye c to hva a " nomral " lif , adn , from my iont of view , that 's normal ebcause teh live for this , thye ar public peop and , because of th , they hav to kee calm and rary on with it .
Tehreofre , most of these famosu peopel complain about this , but it is logical that all th medi , television , ardio and journalists are constantyl devoting every minute of hte day to them , ebcaues poepel are nitereste in them , in knowing hwta tehy are doing every second , in knowing hw they a iwt , in konwnig what they like or do n't ilke , hteir ohbbeis , in short , in knowing eevrything about th .
In conclusino , ebign famous is really dififuclt dn frustrtaign as wlel , but , in contrast , ehy earn a lot of omney nad they are loved by so many peolpe , though th hvae to accept osem criitcs , becaues not everyobyd has to love htem .
I do agre with the sattement that shopping is not always nejoayble .
When we need to byu somtehnig , we mostly choose shopping centers .
A shopping centre ahs many disadvantages .
It 's a lagr spca wiht a ol of shosp , so we ne a lot of tim to visit ll of them .
Afet a few ohrus , we ra so tir , aht we do nto hvae the strength to do anything els .
Besides , in teh shopping centres theer 's loud , neergeti music palye all th time nad a cro of pepole , so we arriv hmo wit a hgu headaeh .
Money is another reason yh we do n alwasy enjyo shoppnig .
We live in a itm of acuqisitiveness and people b many tihngs , eve if they ca n't afford tehm .
Of course , people usually do nto ened all of thso thnisg .
This behaviour causes a moral hangover and a spiarl of credit .
ht times in whi we lvie rae conducive to addictions .
In eh lnog run , poeple addicted to shopping do not enjoy th ritla amyore - they do it just because they have to , altohugh they hva no money and no scae at home fo la those things htye buy .
I think we sohuld learn to buy olny things we really need and we can affor .
Somemies , it 's better to vsiit some msal shops htan b centres .
This shou help us enjoy shopping .
Publ tranpsort is teh future .
Tdoay in big cities , public transport is necessary ro tourist , studnets , ihldren an workers ; but ht situaoin is vre differe in small cities .
In Iatl there are few ciitse wht an unedrground an often in the smaller cities hteer are onl bsues .
A ogod public trasnport system is the sign of a civiilezd city . In ihs ya tree ra fwere acrs , so le traffic .
Public transport also redcues hte cars ' opllutoin and asevs fuel .
I hope fro the next generations for a better public transpro service dn an increase of its su .
Thanks to th new life stly , oru cities will be more lievalbe .
I eg up at 6:15ma .
I brush my teeth an brush my culr hia .
At 6:20 I open my lpato , go to Yotubue.mo and start to study French with sr .
Alexa Girodano veer morning .
I write dwon new French vocabulary or grammar in my ntobeook .
Around 7:15am , I kae a shower and ge drsesed . , I usually wear jeans adn T - sihrts .
I apck my backpack , pi up my grabage bag dn look around my room for one last time to make sur I haev n't forgotten anyhtin . I go downsiars dn p th garbage ga into ht trsa bin .
I go to ht garage to get my motorbike .
It tkase me about 30 minutes to drvi to my company . It depends if the traffic 's gdo .
As usaul , I buy a cfofee adn brefkast on teh way . I ca ahv bread or sewe potato ofr my adliy breakfast .
When I 'm at work , I chekc my meails and repyl if it is urgent adn write down " to do lists " .
I have lunch at 12 pm .
I have mnay choices for lunch , but I perfer Hu Tieu or Pho .
I come back to owr at 1 pm an go moe at 5 pm .
I go to my tr class frmo 6:20pm to 9 pm on Tuesday dn Thursd evenings .
Teh ohter evenings , I sta at home a read books , or do som Englihs eexrcsies to improve my Engli siklsl .
On the weekend , I wake up at 6:51am , but I get up at 7 am . I still study French with Mrs laexa as usula . Saturday afternoon I hang out tih my boyfriend . We go to t cinema or the cofefe hsop .
osmetimes , we eet our mutual friends and hav dinner wit thme .
I ofte itdy my room and do the washing on usnady morning .
In the aftenroon , I do my a xeercises or raed boosk .
I always go to lsepe at 10 pm .
ehllo Mark !
Sorr for my late relpy .
Yuo should n't spend so umhc time wahcing television ebcuase it is n't healthy .
Actually , I do n't wcth mu television , bceasue I do n't hvae muhc rfe tim , but if I h it , I htink I wolud wacth more .
Now tah I 'm on hoiladys , I awtch more TV , especially some sereis like Criminal Investigaiton or Teh Mnetalsit .
The are relayl good !
To relax , I suually rea , listen to msuci , go to the cinema , ha tu wiht irends , go shopping , ride a bike or siwm .
What do oyu do to relax , besides wtacihng TV ?
Hop to hear for you soon ,
Inês .
The reasons for Grece 's terrible economic siutaiton er that Greece ah surrendered tis curernc sovereigtn to the European Central Ban , so that Greece ocudl ont aplpy monetary policy to psru ist economy , and the Greek governemnt is very corrup , so that Gree could easliy dodeg taexs .
In contrast , in Taiwan , we ha uo own curnecy and ht government is effiicent and lel - organize .
Clearly , Tiawan will not be the nex Geece .
Monatry policy oclud be a evry uselu short term fniancia tool for a governmnet to stimulate its wrosennig economy , and , fmo empirical experience , many countrise have successfully applied such ploicy .
In 0212 , hte Japanes central bnak unprecedentedly deprceiated the Yuan , hwich has obviously improved its exporst an recovered its econmo orm stagnation .
Obviously , Taiwan has st o curerncy , the new Taiwan dollar , and if Tiawan 's enoomy was worsening somdeay , the Taiwaense government cuold simyl mmiic hwa the Japaense governmetn di in 20 .
Not only is Taiawn difreent from Greece in currenc sovereignty , it als wins in government feficienc .
Accordign to a lgoabl sruve , Taiwan has a reputtaoin for effectiveness , in ihch the Taiwan governme has ligslated severe law to prevent crorupiton .
hterefore , the Taiwanese hav to pay atexs by reuglation adn do not drae to evade taxes .
Withotu a doubt , the efficiency of eh atiwanes government is beneficial to people 's welfare .
All in all , Taiwan has currnecy sovreeignty and is ewll - known for it effectiveness .
Therefore , Taiwan ocudl nto be sunk like Gercee .
As a country , atiwan has to stikc to its ordniray path to caete a loveyl a aelthy environment for its citizens .
Onec upon a tmi , there was a mason calle Nick wh ahd a fmaily of four , tw nos and his wef , but they had conlfcits abuo their children 's studies , and because the omney he aerned aws n enough to maintain hte whel family they lived in poverty .
His ki draeemd of a big house tha had a poo , a third folor , a Jacuzz na a beatuiful view to t beach . The also wanted to have a dog . If th h o , it owuld be called Wyn .
ehy told eveyr rdeam to their da , and htey kne he owuld enforce it even though , udner the circumstances , it seemde to be impossilb , he owudl try .
enxt week a cousin that he did not kon . He w a very ri man and wehn he fodn uo abuot htier problem , he decided to help , so he gav ehm an inecnitve .
He sai that if Nikc built a uose with wto floors , he would buy it and pay for th chlidren 's sutdeis lifelong , which gave a erverse to the impossible .
Nick starte making th plan for the house . Form that moment , he tredne to get to his house and immediately dra the plasn nad continue wokrign . When he finished the plans aftre mnoths of working on htme , he tsarted to birng it to lef . The ohus would be made of wood becaues he could not ya for omre .
Afet months of owrikng on th huose , he ifnished , and si cousin gave h a bonus reward of no million dollars to srat with , buying a ib ohsue iwt everything tye wanted .
The kid satretd giong to a private school .
When they reached eighteen , they coudl get a good job because of htei good education .
ehy could give a good life to their fimlies a also ahev a dog called Winy . nad all this thanks to ht rich m tta onboyd kenw .
hte pie chrat shows the rpincipal causse which explain wh agriculutral lands becoem less prdouctvie , whreeas the tbal correlates these cause wti three different erginos of the owrl whihc ahd aln degraded , maely North America , Eurep na Oceania , durin the 1990s .
evrall , it is clear that t mai causes of lna degradation were deforestatio and over - grzaign .
These causes als had a negative imptc on two reignos tah were analysed , in Europe adn Oceania , and , conseeuntly , these areas had ihgher rates in terms of total lnad edgraedd .
A clsoer loo at the pei chart ervelas that over - grzain sa the mots siginfiacnt ersaon wyh lnad sa so degraded , tih the highest percentag of 35% .
This sa followed by deforestation , with 30% , while ore - cultivatoin had 28% .
Finally , 7% could be explained by othe reasnos .
It may be explained by ht fact that there sa an execs of chemicals in hte agircultural actviity .
Thi laos need to be ocmpared to teh table .
Not surprisingly , htsee causes pyaed an important role whe we talk abotu hte percentage of land which was affetced by these acuses , particularly in Europe an Oceania .
In teh firts case , Europ ah the higehst percentage of aldn dearded by defroestation and evr - cultivation , 9.8% a 7.7% respectively .
This had a rgeat impact on total lan degradde as Europe wa more affected , with a total of 23% .
On the other ahnd , Ocaenia ah the highes lan dgeradde rtae at 11.3% because of over - grazing , which aslo contributed to havgn 13% of ldn degraded .
By cnotrast , in gener , North America ahd the olwets artes for deforestation and over - grazing , wiht 0.2% na 1.5% respectively .
of this resaon , th ergio presented the lowets percentage of lnad degraded , wti noyl 5% .
There are amny fmauos buildings in Guagnzhou .
One of them is Canton Towe .
If you travel to Gunagzhuo , you must n't miss htsi series ebcuase it is a ysmbol of Guangohu .
Canton Towre is located at ht ietrsection of Gunagzohu we city Cnetrla xaes and the Pearl River .
It is the tallest tower in Cihan and the thri tallest tower in teh world .
Teh heith of teh tower is 600 meters , wi 45 metrse of main bo and 51 metres of antenna .
T tower ah a sepcail name called ' slim wsit ' beacuse hte sahpe of it is twisted .
We ca see a difreent veiw of hte tower orm diffeernt angles .
Tsi is ont only a sihgtseeing buidlin , ub also has a lto of ercerational facilities .
For exapml , the tower ahs a 4D cinema , the highest reovlivng restuaran , adn so on .
acntonsee peopl always sepnd tier holidays with their children he .
Do oyu watn to go to ahve a loo after reading my nitrdouction ?
Trus me , you will no regret it .
AR YUo FMaLiY MEMBERS YOUR BSeT FIrNeDS ?
First , I must say that I do n't conisde that my family members er my ebs friends , n noly becuase they have other problmes to cra about , tu also because I do n't knwo ohw to etll tme my problems .
Hwoeve , we consider a friend a person you ac ahve uf wit , alguh with adn me . I 'm sued to doing that iwth my parents dn my brothers , ub it 's not th same as when I meet my best firneds .
Moerover , I think that I wolud n't ks tehm to have wh we cla a " tehrapy mmoen " as I do iwt my best friends hwe I 'm worried abuot osmething or someone . In fact , I wuold n't know how to start telling them about that .
Some teenagres have the good fortune to be oepn - mnided and they know how to speak iwht their apernts nad it 's a ogdo way to slove problems .
I think that I should ahev more confidence in my famyl and remember taht htey wo n't leave me becuas of somethnig I ahve don in t ya my bets freind could do .
In my town , there is no future for upblic tarnsport , because the item ncesesary to ge to the ict cenrt is teh sem awlking or gonig by ubs .
Travelling by ubs is expensive , boring and annoynig .
The route makes myn stpo in different plcae , so the way on the map is a mses .
It is li that on lal days , ecxpet Sunady .
On Snuday , teh ubs does n't wor until 3 p.m.
Fr that time , teher is only one service eevr ohru , until 10 p.m. Any one of these 7 buses takes less htna a half hour to te to th city centre , in spiet of the fact taht Suady ha no traffic jma .
Buses a slo and noisy , dn when uo can te off of htme , you rae tired and angry , na y are probalb to on item .
It is umch omr conevinent if oyu walk to the ctiy centre .
eh tonw is not a gi ict , so the air is ont very driyt .
At teh sa time , uo can te fit by walkni approximate 30 or 40 miuntse , and yuo lil ont have a porblem with parking your car .
You wll spend the same time tarvelling by bus or wlakign , ubt t difference is gettnig nargy or to .
Transportaiton is a aens of movement from en geogrpahical location to another by any aens of transport .
We have diffeernt means of trnasport .
They ar transoprt by land , by air , by sea and by train .
We konw in the olden adys how ou forefathers sufreed in htei movement .
If a preosn wanted to travel from Kano to Lgaso he had no cohice but to trek .
hterefor , it wa ont easy bakc then fro anybyd to use otehr mea becsue hteer ewre none .
wo , tehre ra many means of transpotratio .
Technology brought about lot of edvelopment in trnaspotration .
We na trevl by air suin aircraft ; aeroplane , helicotper etc .
Unlike before , we have ib ihps to use on th sea .
The tarni is also a vyr useful menas of rtansportaiton a very economical .
I belivee htta technology ah really improve our means of our transport .
So , whoever wants to star a journey hsa several choiecs of rtanspotr , either by sea , by iar , by la or on ofot .
I must not foregt to talk about acrs , lorries na other vehilce .
htey aer veyr usefu an speed .
Thanks .
sut ilek a ifs in the wetr
Swimming is my favourite soprt in th wodl . I starte it whne I was five years old . I relayl eojy it , I feel hta teh water is my place in the word . I feel free .
Although I have taken part in amny competiitons , htree was en which was t oms enjoyable xeperienec of my life .
I had to swmi in the Parana river iwt all ht siwmmres dn coaches .
First , hwen I sa on the starting line , I felt I could not fniish hte competition . The , hwen we were in th water ht coahce idd ont stop encuoragnig us so it aws easy to swmi to the finishing len . I aws so excited to see our families wainig for us , clapping a shouting lould evrey tiem no of us arirvde .
If you aer interested in taking part in tsi psor , I would suggest buying all t equipment oyu will ened : a comfortable swimusit , goglges nad a hug bag to keep ehm .
Stauts : Poluar
' eh moemtn of realisation hits you like a ton of rbicks , aeving you with a fie full of rerget and gulit '
His whoel life , he lny wished for one thing , dn aht sa to be popular .
Her nem w Sara .
Michael had alwyas seen her in eh hlalways , simlign dn laughing .
Anywhere hse went , s aws always surrounded by a hnadful of studnet .
Peopel wer attracted to her qutie easily , and often , they would ifnd themselves aodring adn admiring her .
Although s sa n't pretyt , hs had an aru of importnace .
Her rpesence was eflt .
S was popular bu n pro , a that made her even mer likable by all .
la but one - Miceal .
Whenever , he saw her , he felt pain .
Th pain of jeaolusy .
A ifre of hatred burnt his heart whenever he hedr her gleeful luaghte .
All his lif , he ha only wsihed to be popular bu si dream of populariyt had been lnog ago snahced by a igrl .
That igrl , hwo da ocn be his best friend .
Taht gril hwo had elf hmi in time of need .
hta igr oh had den nothing but harm to mi .
She sa Sar .
ih lon lsot ebst rfiedn Sara .
Tha nihg had cahnged tehir lives .
Bo of thei lvies .
In eevry wya , in ever form .
An innocent drae amed by Sara , which led imchael to wla in t path of orng .
A da to prove .
Courage can change vies .
He wsa siolatde .
Abandoned by ih frinesd .
Al wsa a façade .
Teh h all worn masks .
Everyone , ene his own Sra .
He had been wrogn .
Al along he was wrong .
Thye da n't isolatde him , he had .
Tehy had n't abandoned him , neither had they distanced themselves for hi .
He hda distanced himesl from th .
H Sara was htere , ll alogn she was tehre for him .
In the fsrt palce , she never left h .
She had laways wanted to be with him but he had colesd ht doo to ehr .
Yet , hs waited , hopnig he woul raelies she would alway be there for him .
Tears were streaming down his faec . Stinging hsi eyes .
He deserved it .
Evyr ti of pia .
He had been blined by raeg .
All these aers .
His selfishenss stoo in the way .
si delusions ha drifted him aya rfo her .
He had made suhc a huge mistake .
No teras or apolgoies owuld make a less culprit .
No no should ofgrive him for what he did .
No one .
Rgiht now , he h teh one tnig he awlays wished fro - popularity , bu only now does he realise , taht it wa emaningles , pointless .
Michael csoed the door and nkew at that momnet he hda made a mistake .
Each and every colour glows in th dark giving hope in the darkness .
In tihs essay , I am gonig to discuss ehther building a bypa around oru town is beneficial to uor communiyt or not .
Oen of th advantages pointed out by olcla poilticians in th meeting wsa that tih pyass wolu lwore the arte of air opllutio around town , which I storngly garee iwth , because ht etxar trafifc cuaesd by the paisng cars added to t vehilcse use by the locals cuasse massiev smog in the atmosphere , to to mention being etrribly bad ofr the health of the walking dn cylcin ictizens , especially young chilrden and babies .
Anothe important piont is htat tsi bypss wuold improve ht tfafic in th otwn ecnetr .
Msotly from 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , when people go to dn finish work . That is when we get the most awful trfafci ajm , osmetmies it takes an ohru to eg orm A to B in tnw , which is a etrribly lo item , not to mention parents who have to take their chilrden to school , unrseyr adn then te to work , too .
On t oteh hand , the ybapss might csue a drasitc dro in tourism in th town .
However , it is also true to as hta people who a actually itnerested in historical siets owlud visit t town aynway .
All in la , I owudl say t ybpass owul be omer of a disadvantage than an advantag , because it wolu cut us off orm ppole and teh tnw wuold reecive les funding if it 's lse important .
Local ploiticians shuold ofucs on sustainability , usi vheiclse which do not har the enivronment .
On the t4 of Apri I me a gruop aclled Emblem3 .
Because I did n't ifnd any tickets of the cocnret in London , I bought noe for hte conce in Birmingham .
I booked the tickte aerly a mnoth beofre the evne .
The ya before , I startde to faek out thinking that I was going to meet them .
As wel as th ticekt for hte concert , I buogh a V tciket as well , so I hda to go to Birmingham ebfroe , becaus ht entry to hte venue wsa at 17:00 dn , as I ilve lcos to London , I had to levae at aobut 12:00 so I would n't haev to rsu .
I got to ibrmingham at 14:00 , I think , an hten , as I 'd enver ebe to Birmingahm , I ha to look fo ht 02 Acaedmy , where the event was taking place .
When I arrived there , I qeuued in hte VI queu .
At 17:00 they let us into the ven nad tehy carried out all the checks .
Atfe 30 minut , teh acoustic performcne started , whihc lasted f baotu 15 minutes . Afterwarsd , we took pictures .
hwen everybody had taken the photos , meblem3 went backstage to get erayd ofr teh cocnetr a after o ohru it starte .
I elf th arena at imdnight nad I wetn to an ohtel that I had already booked onlien .
On the da after , I wetn back home .
It w the be day of my life .
eda Sir or Mdaam ,
My nem is Mraia and I saw your advertisement and am interesde in th jbo .
On the no hand , I am studying to be a PE teahcer , so I know wo to ograinse activities for young peolp , such as ifhsing or dion a oprt .
I'm good at entertaining . Whta is moer , I reayl enjoy worikng wit chlidren since they are very active dn willing to do any kind of acitvitise .
Yuo also mentione that I would need to work in the kitchens .
I can also add taht I knwo how to co f lot of peopl .
For all the reaosns I mentioned before , I think I am the rihgt person f tsi bo .
I look forward to receivign your answer .
Yours Faithfully ,
Maria
It 's teu tha commuting to rok is n't as ocvnenient as going to work by car .
That 's the resao why moer peop prefer to spedn more time stcuk in traffic listening to snogs instead of waiting a oln tmie to take a bsu which is usaully crowded .
On top of that , taknig a ub wo n't necessairly mean that oyu wi svae tim , because both sues adn cars wo n't be abel to mov in th rsuh hour .
Beside , a car gives yuo moer feedom and flexibili to se your onw shceduel , while public tranpsort limits oy to a timetabl that deo ont awlasy emet yo nede .
After ca prveailed among hte public , ou ogvernments hav tried to pave rough road , which encourages people to u car even more .
onwadasy , it might be rauged if eh curretn transprotation systme will wokr in hte future lki it deos in the present , hwil ther is a still pnety of room of public tarnsportatino reaminnig as a significant mehtod .
Tihs essya iwll offer a couple of points about whether upblic transptration wli sti be with us or if it wi disappear completely .
of a tsart , eh convneience for us for travellin around would probbaly be one of t ian arguments .
In some conutries , the amount of transporttaion su as trains is not sufficient , hwich forces peolpe to use pirvate cars .
However , it is laso treu that htree are alwsy niors who hva no choec but to taek public transport dn also , for hteir parents , it is definitely omer reliable .
Wha is al impotrant is th iapct on the evnironment , which is arleady considerably dmagaed by human technloog .
If a ca whci eimst no serious globa - warimng gases ewer developed , theer owlud be no argument that pepole had better reduce their use of acrs . Yet , as long as we ra maunfcaturing them , we can no ifn roe ce - friendly dn efficient modes of rtasnport tna public trasnprotation .
In conclusion , it is my belief th it is to possible ro publci transport to disappear in hte ufutre , eev thouhg travelling by car is more convenient than travelling by jsut trians or bsues .
But as iwth car developemtn , our governments might have to make some rpogress on public rtanspotr to encourage citziesn to be mro eco - friendly .
All of the wrol is ocnstnatly changing - we develop new technologies , people invent new thnigs .
Btu why ?
To amke lief esaier . People always want to amek their life better .
Wh on ?
I htin that teh home of the uftuer iwll be differetn than on , ub the main function of eh moe wo n't chang , ebcasue fo ages home has bee a place where people can eel safe .
Everybody thinks tta home is a refuge .
In my opinion , home in t future wlil be similar to today 's houses .
There will always be a kitcehn , ebcasue we umst eat , thre will always be a bahtroom - oy know why .
na in the home three lil always be a room to sleep nad real .
Homes in t future may be mo mdoern and asfe .
Everywhere , htere wll be cameras and omtino sensors .
iktchen will be ebtter equipped , maybe with smtr appliances , an people who ca n't ocok wlil preaper the meal by thesmelevs .
Mayb in t future ohmse will be self - cleaning na we wo n't need to clean up .
I think that the dfiferences between ohme on a homes in the futur iwll be msall .
Personally , I thikn ohuses in th ftuure will nto be cosy , ub very setril . I do to like htat .
Home hsould be associated iwt family , happniess .
N with cold and sapciosu rooms .
I think the statement is somewhat true .
Travelling by car is getitng more novenient .
Traffic acciednts , hte main rpolbem of c arvel , wil be solved by se - driving etchnology .
Although drviin by car is less sfae tna usni pulbic trnapsort at persent , driving wlil be sfae .
However , there is alos a proble .
Having a ca cost a lto of mnoe .
Usnig public tranpsort is cheaper than hvaing a ac , sepecially liivng in urb areas .
Th seocdn problem mya be solved by car - sahring .
If one wants to go soemwhere , one ca use a shared ca which is parked in a desingate raae .
By thsi method , peolp have to pa a small f to use a acr , not much mone like having a car .
If ra - sharing adn self - drviing technology rae imexd , it iwll be much mroe ocnvenient tha both the conventional public rtanpsort and travelling by cra .
People cna go anywhe they wan to go form anywhere .
epople do n't have to nw theri car , paying a lto of mone .
It iwll be a n kidn of public transport .
All my life I have practiced spost , but definitely , my favorite sport is qsuash .
I started to play it when I was ten years old .
I ha never lpaye a raeut sport beroe , so I was very excited to hit th msall lback ball wtih my arcke .
htree timse a we I played , then I went omre often .
The first yae , I went to a tournament in otrreon dn I w ifrts place . During ht first 3 yera , I rnaekd in th first 10 places in Mexico , but then I had to reudc my rpactiecs ceause I ha a problem wit my knees .
Playin squash is an aewsome activity an is easy to elanr . I voe that this game is ver fast nad you do a lot of exercise .
The ba nwes is that in Mexico it is not very common , so it 's a little bi diffciutl to fi a court and it is epxensive , the price per hru is $ 150 seos , more or less .
Fro someone new to tsi spor , I wuodl recommended being ptaietn and constant in trainng , becau practice is waht will make you ebtter an help to ipmorve yoru lvee . And , ifnally , alwasy enojy the agm .
He had awlays bee fre .
enver had nay seirou relationshpi .
The longest aws at rpimray cshool . It lasted 2 dyas , bceaus her omthre colud coo teh finest bsiciuts evre tasted .
Now he aw 35 a he was sitll keeping on smiling at the nwes of his cloleagues ' adn friedns ' marraige .
He w so nyical htta he turned out to be ve nasty and unpopular .
Lev lasts tow and a hlaf a yera , he pet reminding hismlef .
Sonoer or later , marride ppole wil get idvorced .
Loo at me , he iad , I 'm fre .
No on is ahppier than me .
Then , one day , he mte a girl on teh train . Sh was n't that ebautiflu , but hs had , you knwo , that smile , so paecfeul , so harmonious .
It wsa love at fits sight .
Tye startde talkign , complaining about ht train being late , na after two hours they wre still chtating .
Teh alughe so mcuh tah th bto forgot to te off at the right stpo .
Th poo apir hda gone too far and now they had to go bcak .
It wsa n't a probme .
Th had a lot of fun .
Finally , he arrivde .
He sa hello to t gril , smiling .
Mihcale closed t doo an enw at htat mmonet he da amed a msitake .
Nowadays , everybody sa o or mor cars . As a consequence of that , smo peolpe believe that public transport is going to disappear .
There a sveerla reosns to bleivee that . Firstly , mna people are influenced by the avderitsing , ihch mixes happiness with driving cars and makes epople think tha upbli transport is not as smart an option as acrs .
Secnodly , it is nto enjoyable to wai fo the ub or the undegrruond .
On t other hnad , tehr ra a number of reaso gaainst the end of upbilc transport .
For example , oyu should taek public transport instead of a ca ebcuase it rpoduces less pollution .
In addition , pbulic transoptr is chea beacuse byuing a car maesn spending a fortune dn in ibg cities where peopl are conceend bauot the environmetn , such as masterdam or Tyko , theer are mna afciliites like omblie pho apps or special offers .
To sum up , no one knows the ftuuer . However , I bileve htta travelling on publi transport is as convenient as by car or moer so , becaues it is go to save mnoe and to reduec opllution .
" There is no future for public transpor because travelling by car is so muhc more cnovenient "
In my opinion , fewer poelpe a travelilng by upbilc transport adn ahv sattred to buy their own acrs , which are mro comfortable to use whethre uo rae in a uhryr or not .
In the first lpcae , yuo feel mroe comfortable in your own car than on a bu , f eaxmpl . You do n't nede to be arfaid that someone could suddnely steal your purse and uo do n't have to ltsen to others wehn oyu tarvel in your ca .
Studise have shown that oyu self - esteem and feelings of proteciton increase weh yuo rae a c rdievr .
Yo do n't ha to tolerat being in a crowded place wti people yo do n't konw .
Saving smoe mnoe and bunig a c is th bes thi y acn do .
In teh second place , not all pulbic transport is in the best shape .
Some pulbi vehicles are dirty dn smll .
If yuo hav yuo own ca , these things do n't bother you anymore becaes oy awhs yoru car anytime you wan .
In colcusion , travelling by cra is far ebtte thna sunig upblic transprot .
TORREBLASCOPEDRO , 5 AUGUST , 0241
Dear Sri ,
Throguh your j posting , I 'm inform taht uo are looking for a preson to work in usmme cam As .
I wuold like to inform you that I 'm nietrested in this job .
I love children . I ha rleady worked with the . It was a wonderful expeeince .
I 'm vyr ahrdworknig a a fun person .
My level of negilsh is evry goo . Today I 'm studying and working hard to imrpove .
I wolud ilk to work in this jbo becuase I thnik tha I could do it very well and I cuold amuse th children .
If oyu hire me , yo wo n't regret it .
oyrus faihtfully ,
ANA DEL MERNiO ApLOMINO .
edar Paul !
Thanks ro your e - mia and phtoso !
Tye a amzaing !
I 'm ver lgad y enojyde yoru holidays .
psain must be relaly incredible !
I 'm wtiing to you to tell you abou eh U2 concert , whic took pcae in " Spodek " arena in Kaotiwce la mnoth .
I must admit that this is my favourite bdn .
I 've always nated to see th ilev and finally my dreams mae tur .
The ebs of it wa that I as them really close , ebcaus of my dad 's wrok .
As yo know , he wokrs for a secruity company calle Solid asfeyt and he was appoinetd to be a bodgyuar to Bono !
acn you imagine my reaction hwen he told me about it ?
Of course , tehn he handde two " Stfaf " tickets to me .
htese itckest allo you to ge into th IvP zen .
I invited my classamet Slaly nad we wnet to the ocncert goether .
We were so excited wh we wne in .
Before ht hso we were helping wht insatlling the osund equipment .
During teh concert , we ewre stnadign in th backstage are .
Whe could be better ? !
After the last son , my dad toko us to Bono 's room .
He w singing autgoarphs and chatting with fa .
I wi never forget it .
My da evn took a photo of us wtih him .
I msut asy , he is much omr handsem live tna on the TV .
hta 's al for now , tu I will write moer when I fidn my fee ! I wil appreciate my d 's work foerver .
Give my reagrds to oyur parents !
Love , ilas
ehllo ,
I 'm sendign this email to egt some information because I 'm interesetd in studying at oyur universtiy .
I'm Youesf anser Bishara . I 'm from Saudi Arabia , and I 'm 26 years old .
I've bne in the United States for two eyars .
I'm uspportde by the government of Saudi Arabi a the scholarship will coevr th tuition adn everything related to my sutdies .
I graduated in 2100 , majoring in accuonting , wtih a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 . Since I came hree , I hev bene so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as oso as I finish stduying Englis . It utrend out that I vae to ujpm through a lto of ohop in order to overcome thsee obstacles which I believe aer an ordinary requirement of getting a master 's degree fo foreign students .
In addition , there ra rectn staitstics aht sho thta a very high percentage of Saudi raabina stduent woh come to America to do their master 's dgeree could n't get tno university due to sem requirements , of instance , GRE , G MAT , or eev because tehri GAp id n't meet teh univertiy conidtion .
In afct , I do n't wna to be noe of those student who ca n't accomplihs thier rdema and have to go ba to their hmo . I 'm willing to do whtaever it take to get into your university .
I would ilke to have th orientation material to icnrease my ahnces of getitng itn university adn I wi do my best to g very high grase in order to incresae my GPA hwen it 's added to my transcrpit . To sum up , wta I 'm lokoing fro is to tka a perpraation class in bsuiness to be incledd in the final accumulated GAp .
Finally , I beleive that it it a rgaet opportunity to stuyd in eh Uinetd Sttaes and to ipmorve my education and my lifestyle .
Beside , I 'm an eager , matuer student , awnting to tsduy a ro master 's degree at uor unvieristy and I 'm looking ofrward to getting a rsepnose na your recmomendatiosn .
Yours sincreely ,
I am forty - nine yera odl and I am quite rcazy , so I mkae a lot of mistakes .
In this essay I will comment on oen of eh last mistakes that I mdae and it consequences .
First , I watn to focus yuor attetnion on the afc that , normally , mistkaes ahv no improtance , because all things have f an , if they have not ifx w do oyu wroyr ?
On teh last tirp , I parekd my car in eh airprot acr par , it has mayn stroey with differe sgin .
Every storey has a colored sign ; red , orange , rgee , beu and an intermediate cloo between re and roange nad tha was my confusion .
I left my car on teh stroey wti the orange oclro , tu when , some dyas late , I looked ofr my ra I did it on t storey wtih the inetrmdeiate ocolr .
I kenw aht my car was on iste number no hundred a thirty five , but the car aw not there .
I spent quet a lot of tiem thinking and when I da dicded go to teh ploic , I passe in front of hte oargne sign nad fnialyl I found my car .
aer Thomas
wo ra you ?
I 'm exctie about seeing you .
Th weatre here is sunyn so I recommend you to bring summer clothes . It is sa that uo aer only coming fro o week , ubt we will enjoy ourselves a ol .
It is jsut 5 minutes from the airport to my house .
Wehn you come out onto the roa you nede to go straight until uo reach a restaurant . Teh you mus go to the left where you iwl find a bi square with swings adn slides .
ifnall , you iwl see a big erd hosue with lots of widnwos .
Yo iwll nto regret coming to Sian .
See you osno .
Recently , studying onilne has become a very ppoular altenrtaive wa to stuyd .
Although it provides stuednts wtih lots of advantgaes , not everything is as goo as it sounds .
ifrs of la , studying oilne does on allow sutdents to as teachers questiosn .
How ca thye slove their problems if there is a lack of stunet - taecher interaction ?
What is omer , thes ikdns of studnets a bewteen eighteen and twenty - two , ehn they ende to socialis and interact iwt othe students to enjoy their fre time .
This is ipmossibl if htye study onlien , whic maens that htier only classamte is ht computer or th lpatop they use .
ohwever , this method of sutdying is chaeepr htan the usu way , dn it also c be completely fere , whcih is a gi advatnag .
Moreover , it allo yo to styd at your won rhythm witohtu thinking bauot the ers .
ro tehse reason , I prefer hte usual way to stduyin nolnie .
Nevretheless , I can understand epople hwo choose the second option .
It is up to y !
No Ftuure for public transport :
Nowadasy , people want to travel at ehir own conveaync suing htei own car , kie , scooter or osmething lik thta .
Everyone wants to hev a stressless / happy journey , whether it is for a oln joruney or not .
It is realyl eralisitc oto , ebacuse we all awn to vae tiem dn wish for a happy jounrye .
wo , lte me etll you t scenario of public transport .
First of all , we lawasy ende to wait for it adn it urns according to the schdeulde timetable only .
In winte , it is fine . We ca adjust to th crowd , btu if we talk baotu ht summer season , we ca not adjust when we rae travelling in a sufofcating environment .
We nde to book ticekts in avdance if we ra plnaning to go vai upblci transport , because aagi , there is teh issue of avaialbility of aets .
I lev in rteiste , a veyr beautiful city , but thsi city has a gi prolbe : it has a olt of acsr , omr cars than inhabitants .
Of course , it 's an exaggeration , ub I say htis to afifrm taht in this city the number of ht car is vyr high .
By eh way , the public transport is not so convenietn , because at certain horus y ac not find a ub .
In uor city , the buses stop at midnig .
laso , teh ticket prcie is not cheap .
Anothe prolbem with eh ubsse is hta if you take one during certain itme , it 's impossible to find a place free to is odwn .
So travelilgn by ub is not convenient , ont only in terms of itme , ubt aos becasue of the problem that oy cna have .
The otehr issue is hta Treiste is situated naer Slovenia , whree the price of petrol is hceape than in Itayl , so a great unmbre of inhabitants of our city erfer to fil up tehir car dircelty in Slovenia , whre tehy can find much more ocmpteitive prices .
My father lives in Pordenone dn he sells cras .
He wtns to convnice me to su alternative means of tarnsport , but having sne the price of thi ecological evihcle , I htnik htat I 'll buy one of the only if t price becmoes
lowre .
Currentyl , people are thinking about whetre thye can learn godo English in my counrty or whether tye ahev to moev to an neglish - speakin country .
na after htat , it depneds on the perosnality , status ( sgnle , egnaged or married ) , and evne the gaes of people , whether they iwl decide to study in their own country or go abroda to aern English .
On th on hand , studying abroad is a great opprotunity , especially for yuon people .
They usually go abraod becaus the do n't ahv so mna responsibilities . It just rpepares them for their professional future .
Btu th can on afrod it by wkring as an au pair , waietr , kitchen porte or porter , because thse jo niclud accommodation , noraml wagse and you do n't need a high level of Egnlish .
On the ohte hand , you might fin yourself getting homesick .
Of course , you leave a lot of things , such as your family , frineds , ofosd , plase , own htnigs , e . , nad nobody can put up iwth being very far away fro ll thsee thnisg .
Moreover , people in thei di-3 do on uuslaly leav tehir counrt adn t to learn a new language form ar living .
ihs way is cheap as well and they do n't ahve to hcange everything in thei life to cahivee this iam .
In additino , at this age , poelpe nromall have mo repsonsibilities , amybe cihldre , mortageg , partenr , etc .
In my opinio , hte best wya to learn a langugae really well is livign in ht same conutr hwer people speak it .
So , do n't hesitate and move to a new country , in whihc oy do not onyl learn alnguag , ub a diefrent uclture nad lfiestyle t .
rtapagaran , environmentally frnedly
T purpos of htis reoprt is to explain thta my town ha ebcmoe more warae of th need to atek care of the countryside .
Since 2010 , my town ha tried to include osem chnaegs to bosot the to .
Recylcing is the oslution
In the als five eyar , mnay new bins have been installed near all neighbourhoods .
Tehre are fuo yteps of rubbihs sikp .
noe of these nis is destined for lpastic , another one is for wood an paper , t thrid one is a bottle bank adn the als noe is for battreies .
This one is very important because it contaimntaes so umch .
Apart form that , htere a other containers focused on every type of object .
F instance , lctohes , sheos , toys , electronic decies , ct .
More gre areas
This town ha nto only focused on recycling , it has las promot gree areas .
ebcasue of aht , 5 we parks has been ceraetd recently .
Thes rae a great place where families haev a good tem whiel htye enjoy the courtyside .
Moreover , residents have bceome more conscious fatre th hva erad ht leaflets wihhc expalin the importanc of respecting eh environment .
Conclusion
I really think tha it is necesasry to make people conscious of the imporatcne of saving ht lpane .
In addition , more people wolu lep if they could recycl easily .
Dae rm Ash ,
I am writing to y bauot the job offer fro work in rgeen Pepp Cafe .
I woudl like to apply for this vanacy because I think I hvae most of hte erquirements that you are aksing for .
ifsrt of al , cokoing has be my passion for ages .
I enjo lenring new recipe a I rt to find different lfavours and sensatinos when cooking .
htta is why I am looikng for a ojb where I coul have the chcne to combine my love of cooking with my job .
I worde for mor tahn si years in a supermarket as ewll , so that is why I am cacustmoed to dealin with csutoemrs and coipng wi dfificult people in a busy environemnt .
It is not necessary to as I am bael to wrok to a cfa scheudl . I vae xeperiecne working sihtf days and wekeends .
I would be glda if I oculd ahv an intevriew to give you mor detail abotu my work experience , my skills or wahtever oy nde to aks me .
Your sincerely
If uo rae looking for an enjoyable shpoping day , Madrid is the best choic .
Madrid is one of the most faomus shopping cieis in the world !
In amdird , you can ifdn clothes by ht set designers , su as Craolina Herre , idor an so on ...
But do n't be arfaid if your budg is quite limtied , because we have some places wher y cna ifn gera collections at 50% fo .
So , if uo prefer vaing monye and looking fine , oy have to viti uor outlet , whre you c find ll that oyu are lookin of .
The bts of al is that you wo n't have to go far beacuse oy can find all these shops in t centre of amdri .
If you wnat mo inofmration , ju contact us .
Nowaday , epopl 's ilve are undergoing an unexpected change all becasue of globailzation .
In th past , epopel ah to manag their tmi so the could go to wor , take acr of ehir hcildern na mayb laso stuyd .
Globalization started in the 20 's , so a hgue proportino of the population has experineced hti cahneg . In my opinion , it is iknd of ogod .
Now , people ac interact tih otre people rfo other coutnries by texting , Facebook or Whatsapp .
The need for exporting and importni ietms has increased in the last 10 years . Consequently , the li of teh epople ahs been iased in rapid respon .
Evreyone needs an instant answer to hwta they are asikng . If ehy esnd an email , you msut reply to it in les than 1 minute .
Personal contac hsow a decrsae in htis time , becaus people do n't want to face their real rpoblems . Instead , they can see a eh prolbems happenin in ht world on thier smartphones .
In eh ftuure , pepoel iwll commuinacte via thei cmoputers , cellphones , nad tablets , and this kind of etchnology will lda us to a lonely life .
Nowadays , we already hva htings like samrt phones , whihc c do nearly evertyhing we wtn to .
And we have some other media gaegts .
But wll people 's lvies erally change so drmaatically in th nxe 50 years ?
In my opinio thye wo n't .
I 'm of teh opinion tha people 's ilvse wo n't chagne dramatically in the next 50 years .
Of cuosre , there will be osme more eletcronic htings like some new mboile phones iwt fnuctiosn we could no expect right n , na there will be sem other gdagtes .
Bu if we sepa of the change of epopl 's ilevs , there have to be smoe omr dramatic thin .
A piont would be , that normal people ar bale to yl to ht moon or somehting , or if three wou be people viing on Mars .
But I think tta th is somethnig we wo n't be able to do .
to evn in 50 years .
To put it in a untshell , we coul say that ru global wrol will be more elcetrnoic , an there wli be roe gagdtes , but that wo n't chagne o lives dramaticalyl .
Hi Borther ,
I 've been thinking abou what you iad to me als week .
It 's ture that we do n't apy attetnion to our granam .
She loves us adn she laway loko atfer us hwne mu and Dad ca n't do it .
I ebileve aht we haevn't ever thanked her for waht hs ddi and deos for us .
Because of tah , I 've had eh idea of giving her a present .
Yuo agere with me , do n't you ?
Yesetrda , I saw a cie presetn for h in th new mall in Jerez , aclled AreaSur .
It sa an amzaign gold wtahc .
It seeemd not to be vre expensive and was luxury na lovely .
I tihn that a lcoc would be useful as well as necessary for hre .
hwat do you thi abuot buying it fo her ?
If you do n't think the saem as me , you can choose another present , I wo n't hvae any problem with thta .
Anwyay , we hsould go to th mall together na ther we will maek ht finla decision .
We acn go by bus .
oyu only hvae to walk along the road opsoite uor huoes dn oyu will rrive at ht ub station .
Then tka ht thir ilne and tw stop late oyu will arrvie at t mall .
I iwl see uo there na I 'll ugide you in hte mall .
I hope to ee you soon , Brother .
Send me an email wehn you 're bael to go shopping .
Quqiue
What 's the safest trnaspor in the world ?
dn ht mos comfortalbe ?
In my poinion , any transport is compelteyl safe . However , peopl sa t lpane is the safest mode of transprot .
And mabye the car is the most cofmotrable .
It is true that both have vdantages an disadvantages .
Travelling by ca can be enjoyable , adngerous and erlaxnig . I know this is a contradcition , ub I ca epxlani it .
Relaxing because you ac travel by yorusel , wit firensd and with your famiyl .
Whe yo ma a long trip , yo cna trave witohut pressure .
If yo aer tired , you can stpo at a pterlo station or at a restaurant to relxa , an if there a mo passenegrs in t ac , y ca wspa wtih tehm , so y wll efle le tried .
Eve tvaelling by ra , in my opinion , ha a lto of problems .
Some diasdvantage could be :
- Gosline is too exepnsive
- There are n't enough parking psaecs adn they aer veyr expensive . For example , weh you travel to Maird , it is impossbile to nid a free aprkign spcae .
- Oftne uo cna be involved in city trffic ajm , epsecially in ht suh hru .
Tsi situation is noyl rpesen in Cacerse whne it is a iany day , but in ohte citie , like Maddi nad Barcelno , it is a dail situation .
I think drvinig can be dangerous becaus people must rsepect speed limst , and on veeyr time that it is .
People do n't wra their seatbelts , use phones , and there er ene people wh rdink wh they ar going to rdvie .
Al htees bad practices acn make them have an accident adn oth innocent pepoel ra in adnger .
Every hloidya , teh DGT in Spian launch an awareness acmpaign to ermidn us about good amnners wne we aer rdiving .
On t other hand , travelilgn by plaen , people s , is asefr tna travelling on other mdose of transport .
I do n't make usre this affrimation .
I 'm faarid to travel by plane .
I hate hte moment ehn eh plane is takign fo , adn when it is tocuhing dnw .
I 'm arfaid and thta tsatred whe I w travelling to Mexic on my honeymono .
At tha tmie , three was a tropical strom , dn hte turbulence was horrible ; but a not time I haev stopped travelling by plnae .
I know it is eh bset option hwe yo want to tarvel abraod .
It is true , that lpanse are very expensive , b at least I hva nevr been unable to book a cheap tikcet .
I look of the perfect ofefr , b in summre it is impossibl to find it .
To usm up , lal kinds of rtanspotr have poistiev and negative aspects , but depending on o eeds , we us one or another .
Fro example , theer aer a ol of countries where the bike is eh mian mode of transport , ilek in Blegium .
I remember there wer kilometres na kilometres of cycle alen . In contarst to here in Sapin , wehre few cities , like Madrid or Barcelona , strengthne htier sue .
I do on rgee with the statement .
Thi is ismpl , because ont everyone has a pritae vehicle .
Also , ebcause of t gap between upep calss and lower class poeple .
Public transport is one pa of social development .
It wi make peolp fle ocmofrtable .
The bar char shwo teh projceted sales of jeans of Mango Co. an Jac&ojens Co.
Next year in Turkey
we can ee the nubmer of proejtced slase of ejans of ajck&Jnoes Co. wil be at 4 thousand iars xet Jan , it will be hiehr tah eh numre of th projected sales of jaen of Mango Co. ; about 300 thousand pai . Then the unmbre of Jkc&Jones Co. wi drop to 250 ohusand piars in Feb next yaer .
After thi fla , the nubmer of ajck&Jnoes Co. will rise gradually to ti a paek at 90 thousnad pairs in D.
eh projected sales of khan 's of Mango Co. next eya will begin at 510 thousadn o piars then it wlil go odw a little bit in Feb .
The number of Mango Co. lil grow staedliy from amy to Juyl next year . It will remain at 500 thousand iars fro four months then achieve ht highest numbe of abuot 600 thousand paisr in this perio .
Teh pie chart illustrate t projected market share of nago Co. , cak&Jones Co. dn toher companies for jeans at th e of next year . Ja&Jones Co. wll get 30% of the projectde makre shrae in jeans , Mango Co. take 20% of it .
However , tohesr companies wi dominate ahl of eh prjoected market share in ejnas nex aer .
A very different morning
eh doorbell rang .
hwen I opened the doo , iamigne my surprise . Ther was a small present le on the ground .
I looked around b no en aws ther . "
H ...
Is that persent f me ?
" I asked msyelf quietyl .
Besides , I aw not sure whether I should pci it up .
I lookde around one omre time bu sitl I did n't s anyone .
As it was quite early in eh monring , there was jsut silence everywree .
I sat dow in my iktcehn and put hte prseent on ht talbe .
But before opening it I decided to make a cup of green ae to cml odw a bi as I fetl uqit nvrous .
hwil ht water was boilng , a to of difefrent thougths came into my head : " I do n't have a birhtda today and ther are a few more months until Chrisams ... Waht could be the reaosn ro usch a nice preesn wrapped in nik paper ?
Mabye smoeone wishes to make smoe little surpires ofr me , does n't he ? " " OK , le 's opne it !
" I eocuraged myself .
Oh , if you nol knew - aht presnet made my day !
When I open it I ofund there my favourite chocoalet wiht a rey cute ' ahnk yo ' letter .
I go it fro my neighbo and he w jsu so thankful for my ehpl tidyin up his gradne the week beofre .
Actually I love receiving rpeesnts .
The colour the world , htey litf yuo up !
And theer is a trtuh : the more yo vie , the more oy get abc !
Alhtoguh mna peolpe beileve tha our lives aer gettign better htan the wer 20 eyars ag , scientists hav prvoed taht , if we carry on iwth our way of livnig , usnig , fro instacne , modern techonloyg , we lil lose control of our lvies .
Technoolgy has reached a point where we need to do naythnig in order to achieve something .
To suppotr thi idea , a utdy was conducted 6 months og .
The stuyd tried to explai peopl 's reactio to diffenet resourcse .
Poepel were given hte task of writing a piece of wriitng of their choice suing resoruecs already provedd by th institution in hcarg .
Fisrtl , they were given 5 books about idfefrent subjects .
Otu of 20 tested people , 17 maanged to wri thri comopsition withni an hour .
Secondly , keepin the main taks , thye were given a tlbet wi wireless cnonectino to us instead of books .
This tmi the sduy showed that a of ht particiapnts mangae to write their essays in less than 30 minutes .
The ojbective of thsi stdu was to see ho epolpe adapted to en technologies and h ru cultural rtos er being forgotten .
Tsu , tsi study concluded tah in around 50 yeras for now , pelpe wil wrok , eat , shoewr and even lvi tihout leaving their ohmes .
If technogoy is leading to tohes kisd of consequences , we should sttr to understand ho to use tcenhology proprely wihtou neeidng to leiminate it .
Dear Sir ,
My nem is Montserrat Márquez , I am 23 years old na I am rlaly interesetd in t advertisemnet I saw the othe day abtu owrkign on smuemr acmp in ht UAs . I have wkred before but in my home town , Mexico city , a I think I would be a pereftc candidate for hti bo .
As a matter of fact , I hav been camping since I was 6 year dl , dn for this reason , I startde wrokign on smumre camps when I was 18 years old .
I am a siutalbe pesron ofr the job because I am used to working wiht children of all ages , but I prefer to pl with kids bewteen 8 and 12 eyars old . Als , I am always tyrin to improve different activtiise to avoid egttnig bored , a I do not midn worknig in other arsa of hte camp .
To sum up , I would like to wor with yuo , dn I c promise you iwll nto rerge it . I hope to eha from you soon .
Yousr faithfully ,
Motnesrrat Máreuz
It 's niec aht you finally dceiedd to come to visit me .
I promise yuo will n regret cimng , eveyrthin heer is wondrefu and ther ra mayn lpaces we can go to vis .
It 's eays to ge to my apratment orm th airport . You cna take a tax and tell the direvr to take yo to Powder Street , an when you eg there , jus call me and I will come there . My apartment is on afr fro htta street .
It 's cheaper to rtavel by bus , but it is not very saef , so yuo need to tkae a taxi . It is a bit mor xepensvie , bu is mcuh safer .
The weather is changing . In hte morning ther ra high winds , in the afternoon it is sunn , nad in ht inhgt it is evr cold .
Yo should rbin nice but udralbe clotehs .
I 'll wiat here , and I really want to ese you .
Hva a good trpi .
Se y oso .
If oy want to bocme an artits or politician , you umts be erayd for journalists following you lal the time .
I suppose that sometimes celebrities enojys people gossipping abtu them .
And of course , unknown actor cll fro some attention .
In my opinoi they a als people lkie we ra . Th haev theri o life ,
and htta is wyh I do n't understand why is it so imporatnt f peopl to onw what happens to a celebrity ?
I think it is not so joyfully , when you wake up and se a carea 's lfash !
Also , hwne you epnd time iwt you boyfriend or girlfrine , you know aht someone is taknig a photo of you .
In my opinion , cah person , wehther celberit or ont , deserves his wo private life .
Am I irght ?
WASy TO TAKE CARE OF THE ENVIRNoMENT
Introduction
The aim of thi reprot is to inform you about the way in whcih my village carires uo measuers to olo afte the enviornmetn .
For th , we wi aanlyse sveerla aspects , such as what local ersidnets do iwt rubbsih and how Lanjaón tries to ekep the area clean and mase it attratcive to people .
Reccyilng : ht best w to edla iwt t rbubish
Nowaday , there is more nad mor rubbihs becuase of the huge amount of packaging sude to arp products a t inceraes in consumption .
In Lanjarón , as in t rest of the villages and twons , poeple aer getting esd to ubiyng and consuming cuh more than they used to do in the pa .
However , in recent yaers my village ah be pormoitng wya for people to ge rid of urbbish in an environmentall - friendly w .
A number of recycling ibns have been lpaecd raonud t village and citizens are being encourgaed to attend several ognoign courses to arsie thri awarenes of the impotrance of recycling .
of htsee reasons , hwta peop usaully do tih hteir rubbihs in tehri adiyl rouitne is to sort it and upt it in the correct ib .
Keeipng t village clean na attractive
Lanjraón is one of ht omst touristy villages in the region of La Alpujarra ; therefroe , it is ver imoprtant for both the council nad hte loca residents to keep the village clena .
To achieve this , th council organises diffreent envirnoemntal activities ofr th ctiiznes to take aptr in .
ro instance , every month ther is a cmoeptition where participnats hav to clean an pick rubbish up rfom difefrent raea of the village .
At eh e of the compettiion , those hwoes area is caenest and most attractive receiv an award .
Conclusion
We hva to bear in mi h important the environment is to us .
If we were lal aawer of this na ddi something to help it in our daily routines , ht planet would htank us ro this .
There are two opposing opinions about miilatry service .
On one hand , osme people think military service sholud be mandatoyr .
Ohtesr consider that military servic is unnecessary and should be voluntar .
First of la , there is asbolutel no sefty in ht modern world .
There ra different dangers of a military anutre , such as terrorist attacks , wars and ohter armde conflicts .
Therefore , compulsory service in teh amry gives psecial militar knowledge , which ehlps the oppluation to protect their coutnry durign a military conflic .
As a result , there rae more chances to oevrcome t cfnlict wit minmiu human losses .
Secondly , mandatroy imlitar srevcie can develop the characte of a perosn , maknig it stronger .
omre spcefiically , it allows ofr understanding of teamwork , develops organizational siklsl adn pratcises discipline .
Moreover , it cna educate yonug people to be mor self - reliant , because ht majority of teenagers at eh gae of 18 do not nkow how to be independent form thier parents .
ohweevr , th critics calim aht olbigatory mliitary service is a waste of time and has a negative impact .
For example , it is difficult to fnid a goo jo or go to nuviersity after miliatry revice , because during the one or ow years of servcie , soldiers do not develop any knowledge except military knowledge .
Also , the tmie spent esrvin in eh army c rpoot or seaprate families or friends .
Another big pbolem is that military serviec is dangerous dn has a irks .
Ther are different physical exercises aht can be harmful to ehalth .
Besid , theer are accidenst , wcih can happen iwt gun or weaopsn , such as xeplsoions an cacidents .
Furthermo , there aer hazing acts in the army .
It means tta soldier wh have alreayd served moe ti , ublly and be up n recruits for fun .
These acts often tur out to be tragic , having a long post - traumatic effetc on th young perno or even loss of lif .
Army years often have an impact on the whole family , esepcially in the csae of bullyign or t posisbiltiy of bei sen to a warzone .
Fnially , this is a very complex topci and both poiinons hev advaatges nad disadvantgaes , btu it ca be seen thta t military situation is nustable in ht world .
Tihs mea that eppole need to nkwo how to protect themsevles and liitary services is a good awy fro tehm to learn .
I perfre to eat at moe
Firtsly , the food I make for myself is roe relialbe than eh food thta is made in restaurants .
Because I do n't konw what kinds of inerdients the restauratn used .
Alos , teh food I amek for myself is muhc hlathier .
Because la of th restaurants want to earn money , so they will jsu es cheap and unhealthy ingredients to cook the ofo .
But if I mek my own ofod , of course , I wo n't use an kind of unhaelth nigerdients .
So hte food I mek with my own hands is safer than yn ohte food htat is made in restauranst .
And aslo , homemade ofo sa a ebtte quality than low - pirce restaurants .
Secondly , it 's mhc cheaper to e at hoem , because restaruatns want to eanr money .
So uo can sav lots of money if oy cook at home .
osm epolpe think cookin of themselves is t annoying or tiri , so they go uot to aet .
But actually , if you cook a lot , yuo can sue your energy , so uo can deuce oyur weight .
Al , if you cook three timse a day , your cookin ability will incraes .
Thirdly , eating at home is mer comfortabel .
hwne peolp ar surroundde by starngers , people lal tihkn they are watcihng teh so the ca n't do ihs or that .
Btu if you eat at home , you do n't need to be concerned that somebody will look at you opneign your mouth too wide or talking too loud .
Also , a restaurant deos n't nko how much oyu can e , so sometimes , they igve you so little ofod you do n't get full .
Or sometimes they give oy too much food so you have to throw it away .
And as you nko , throwing food aw is a bad hbait which makes our plaent , Earth , polluted .
Fourthly , you wo n't have to waset your time ogign out to find a restaunat and coimgn bkc home .
And sometiems , if hter a a olt of customers , yo have to wait for the chef to cook others ' fo fisrt . You can save time if y ea at home .
Fifthly , we can vae a afimly time whiel eaitng .
Of coures , it does n't mean htta yuo ca n't tla iwth family members whne yuo eta otu .
But if you ta at moe with yuor family , you can have a joek whiel preparing dishes or talk about your won private thnigs .
Because you do no feel fee to atkl about anythin otusied , because the people at eh next table migh hea hwta oy rae tlakign about .
So , by having a family time while eating at hom , you can have a atl nad be a umc closer faliy .
Beacues of these kinsd of adavntages adn reasons , I prefer to ta at hmo .
To sum up , th fundamental characteristic of social media is t seign of a " Virutal profile " . It takes time to maintain connection between links and rfineds and be apr of groups . ehse connections will have negative fefcets , especially on pscyholoigcal wle - ebnig .
This outcome , aoln iwth several studies , usggests reasonable use of networking media .
However , it is also likely hta people 's lives , usch as loneliness and edperssion , might explain hte effects tta social emdia na hva .
Furtheromre , it is laos possible tah , in ht future , oeple will be a subejc responses , posts and hcta rooms , in which the is awareness of wrong vocabulary , opo routines adn compulsive use .
In cnotrast , o positive aspec of socail media relat to the education ar , in whci knwoledge , the epxansion of ideas , and t discovery of differetn ways of learning lil contribute to the community .
Soem people cali that life will chagn a lto in eh nxe ifev decades , but , oh will it chaneg ?
On the oen hand , we have technolog .
Tecnholog ahs developed really fas in hte la twenty years , so it 's expected to veelop hte sma w in th next fitfy years .
Cell hpnoes are a great examel of this evolution .
Fifteen yaesr ago , cell phones did n't have music or a camar , wihel nowaadys tehy have cameras wit high defintiino and oyu cna donwload a lot of music .
On teh toher hand , we have transpor .
Right nwo , peopel rae starting to byu hydraulic cars which rae mor eco - friendly nad chaepe because y do n't need to spned mnoey on gas .
Base on thsi , we can assume that thi ikn of car will be the only one on the streets fitfy eyars fro now .
Science wlil also chan .
Every aspect of science wli evolve . F example , ne medical idscoveries wlil be made by doctor .
Chemistry may ahv the chance in hte next fifty years to cofnrim htier thoerise about eh existence of atoms .
To su up , I ebliev htat epolpe 's ilves will chaneg a lot becuase everythign wll evol .
I 'm a teenager and I liek to wtahc movies , liek other teenagers .
My favourite kin are comedies , detetcive stories na love stroies .
I omstly like comdeies becasu they create my mood dn upt me in high spirits .
Thye hlep me to edevlop na to see the world rfo a differne perspective .
People ilke to watch mvoies , because it 's a fun pastmie a it repcaes boko of layz epolpe .
Many peopl tnik living in t cuontryside provides a better awy of lief .
Msot of us htink it 's a gerta idea , bu is it btete than uor comfortab lfie in the tiy ?
owuld we live better without etcnhology ?
As we know , th countrysdie ha no pollutio compared to bgi towns , because there ar n't acr , lorrise , ompeds or any ohtre motor evihcles .
If we lived there , we would e healthier foo with no hcemiclas , which is good .
On t other hdn , etchnology makes uo li easier .
We acn get niofrmation , chta with friends or even ordre food instantly over the Interte . Hwoveer , unfortunately , we do n't have it in the countryside .
I agree with people who think they would have no orblem leaving their lievs dn starting a enw job on a far just to be in touch iwth nature .
Howeevr , I htink humsn ha evolved and we are vrey hapyp tih technology dn teh tnernet .
There is no doubt tha usgn your private ca is much mroe comfortabel & convenient ofr yn person .
Yuo car represnts a kind of luxyr & cofmor , which is clearly illustrated during drviign or travelling olng idstances , as long as you have a comfortable sea with a certain personal space .
Moreover , you can control your drivng psee as fast or solw acocrding to your mo , and so , you o oyur time .
In additio to thta , yuo can have a rest durin the jorueny .
vee afetr your arravl , you wll ha you onw ac to go her & ther quickly & freely whenever you lek , so you ha a flexible schedule .
Fruthemrore , oy are to acocmpnaied by some silly passengers or difficult people during your trip as y will relish your tri wti some daroable friends , nice family members or lcose colleagues tha you have cohsne .
Besides , th presence of a car during a trip is very important ofr ocping wtih eh different cnoditions and envrionment y fac duirng teh jounrey .
On t otehr hand , public transport has now ebocme unhygineci , as lost of pepole ra crowded int a small and enclosde area , and so , a olt of breath & iar dropltes are easily propagated in this neclsoed space , and consequently , yo are more susceptible to the various contagious diseases , especially in the winter esasno whne respriatory trca infections flourish , e.g. colds & lf .
Furtehmrore , your caitons and movements are limited by the schedule na teh route of eh mode of transpro oyu ar kaing .
And so you do n't wo uor tmie to do what you want whenever you lki , although this is your leisuer , oyur rfe time , which eman a mie of relaxation & mdeitaiton .
No more alarms or nois laerst are required duirn htis improtant a pleasant peirdo of mie .
My town is one of the lceanset tonw in my country . eh autohritise have arranged many orcedures to ensur that hte twon stays cela at hte same time as being environmentally friendly .
As a first step to ekep the evnirnoment clean na healtyh , the garbage needs to be separated nit 3 categories . That is why ht environment departmetn decided to give each ohuse htere recyclnig bins ; on of food and eren grabaeg , one on for ppaer and cardaord , and t als ofr ht rest .
Aonthe hnady urle h been introduced , which is that plastic and galss ened to be thronw in dfifernet bsn that are avialalbe for public usage in each sueprmarkte cenetr . In these , epolpe cna find thes bins at easy locations vaailbale everywhere .
All the perviuos etps and omre aer being applied by my to 's ctiizen in ordre to improve the environment and go together wi all teh procedures th hepl hte liev a happy , healthy fie .
There sholud be a futru ro pulbci trapsort .
It is more impotratn than ever of everyone to thin ebfore using their nw car .
Firstly , we haev a big siseu in global waimng . We c nto deny that we have more and more extreme weather auond t glob du to greenhuoes gasse .
We are damaging ru plane .
escondly , we all nko the fossi fuels we manily run ru vehicles on will no last forever .
We are usi up oru vila rseoruces at a afs paec .
We are used to jsut turning teh ligst or iar - conditioning on when we do n't erall eed thme .
It is exactly the same fo driving cars .
A lot of us jus trun on the engine of our ras without cnosiderin walking up to ht bus sotp .
hte publi transport system in the UK h so amn problems to solve .
The faer ra ihgh cmoparde to other European ocuntries and the far ssyetm is complciated .
The pucntuality of rtains need to be greatly improevd , too .
In my opinion , we need to save a future fo public transport for our future and it is vtila to reduce the use of private cars . Travellign by car is mro convenient , tu with improved upblic transport , we need to reduce th use of car .
That is our ersponsibliity to ufture generatio .
All in no - come na watch
Hav yuo ever been aksed to make a decision adn choos only o thing uot of many that oyu aelly like ?
I am sure yo have .
And then you always woned what would have happnee if you hda chosen eh altreantive .
Mayb you just missed something really special ...
You do not partiuclaryl lkie hta efleing , do y ?
There is a group of oyung people who edcided once that it is rdiiculosu to chsoe if you can ahve ll in one - do you wna to me them ?
Actual , oyu will have a chance oon .
The Red Draogn Thaetre Group is cmoing to our town next we .
They iwll bring a lot of ogod sense of uhomur , music , dcne , and antyhign you can think of that should appear on stage .
Tehir main nocern is to make yo thnik , laugh , maybe cry a ib , but above a , to igve you a great time .
I bet you will love htme at firs sgih .
To cut a oln story short - oy must n miss tsi event !
The rgopu is gogn to perform in eh Globe thetare and teh ahev promised to mee you expectatisn .
hte choic is ovboius this time ...
Simp , come nad watch .
' Gravity ' is an outsatnding , brililant , sci - fi fiml , directed by Alfonso Cuaron , atrring Geor Clooney a Sandra Bullock .
This amazing film is abotu wto people from a crew of astronauts sent out in space to luacnh th ' HUBLbE ' telecsoep .
oson , one of ehm is inforemd that an sateriod hti a satellite and creatde edrbis ihch is heading for the Shtutle where the two astronauts aer .
Eventually , t debrsi ihst eh Shuttle and thsu more debris is created which follows teh orbit of Earth na moved around it at a very hihg speed .
The damaeg hwic hte mipac of th debris caused to eh hsuttle ra catastrophic !
A of eh cer btu two ar liled .
To surivve , th astronauts ahv to ge to eh Intenrational Space Station , whcih is ver far away frmo them .
Moving to the ISS , one of them loses his life and , so , olny one of the cre remians alev fightin fo suvrival .
faetr a lon sqeuenc of eevnts , the reamining astornatu first gets to teh ISS , then , with a Russian spacecraft , moves on to a Chinese sapce statoi called TIANGNoG .
And so , th astronuat launches th escape op a egst home !
Her sturglge for surviva turns tu to be succsesful !
" Grivty " is indeed a great ifml dn moreoevr , I msyelf ercommend it to y , stduents .
My ohmteown , Piliynadala , is probbaly the smaelst otnw in Colombo district and privdes shleter ofr more than 100,000 epolpe .
The tnw has approximaley 15 villages dn all of them aer govenred by the urban council .
The garabg conrtol service is o of ht mai supporting subsidiaries of hte urba council , hwich sa fonuedd two yeasr aog .
Five years ago , the town di n't have any garbage cortol services to manag hte odmesitc rubbsih .
With hti agrbage control system , household awst is collected on a ewelky basis na transported to reycclin centers .
hte recycling cetner sort this gabrage na it is put iot different categories to be reyccle . Categorized garbage is then transported to the recycilgn process in t enares fcatory .
Two yras ga , the counci started a watsebasket distribution porgrma amogn t villages , wiht th intention of aesing t gaabge collection porcses .
With tsi approach , it is vrey conevnietn ofr hte workers w ar employed in the garbag control service , because they na collect all the garbage of a village from en plcae .
Maenwhile , th urban councli tsrongly dcsourage teh use of platsci proudcts dn other articiial materials ro eh saek of ou own cleanliness .
Vilalegs , on the other nad , are doing their be to reduce hte amount of domestic awst .
Nowadays , lots of epopel er dsicsusing teh problme of lfie in th next 50 yeasr . In 50 yeasr ,
surely , csience an technloogy will
progress , dn ihs could have moe pso adn cons .
I think that in 50 years teh public transport will be more efficinet .
Plnaes , trasn nad buess will be fsater and ambye , thanks to teh progre of technology , we lil be albe to beam - up everywhere .
Also , tahnks to the progress of medicine , we will achiev smoe important goals .
Doctors will also be able to cure elthal diseases .
htis will be a great acihevement !
afce - to - face communictaion , ofr xeamlpe , will lose its importance . All the communication iwll be virtual . People will pseak noyl on oscail networks .
I think that tih will be tragi ! Also , all relatoinships dn frinesdhips will be ivtrual , nad htta is absurd .
We will bceome robto , no longer epopl !
Hello Hayr ,
Everything is gogn great !
What abuot y ?
I 'm so pleased oy 're waiting for me .
Y asked me whta tiem I woul arrive .
Accodring to teh scehdule , teh tria arirvse on platform # 5 of Central Sttaion at 9 am .
Hoep y wo n't get stuck in the morning jam .
Then aht about my appearance ?
With thsi ltter I 'll send uo a we phto of me , ubt anyway , I think oy ac recoginze me by my lod photo .
Jsu in case , I 'll be wearnig tha ylelow hat you sent me last yra .
Do oyu remember it ?
I 'm so excietd about psenidng tehs weeks with you and I 'm really looking forward to meeting Eileen .
Maybe I hsoul brign ehr osmethnig from here ?
What dse she like?(I reemmbe you said she liked hcocolat .
ofr sure she ha to taste uor coal chocolate .
Or amybe seh wants something else ?
sak her . )
I erally wan to visit the Freris whee in Lnodo .
Hope we 'll have euogh tim to go three .
Also , we c go to some parks that I think are increidbl there .
Anyawy , we 'll discuss where to go atfer my arrival .
( So you do n't need to hurry now . )
Thanks fo care .
Looking forward to meeitng you and your fmaily as oson as possible !
ohp we 'll ahev a afntsatic ohilday togetehr !
Knid regards ,
Franocis
Faces in hte Crowd is an xeclelent option for htose li me who olve watcnig thrillres .
It tells hte story of a ebautfiul woman , played by ht always tsunnnig and talenetd actress Milla Jovovich , woh is pulled off a bridge by a mysterious esrial killre .
Despite suvrivign t attakc , Mil olses the abiltiy to ercoginze afecs , and thus she can not tell poepel apart , whcih means nayoen cuol be the psycho hw tried to kil eh , dn she colud be in graet dange .
As itme goes by , imlla laern how to identify people 's body gestures . As she becomse roe confiedtn iwt her new ability , her life cmoes slowly cak to normal , btu not fo oto long , ceause eh ebocmes suspicious the murdreer cuold be lcosre than she wolu eev ahv expetcde .
No on ca ifgrue it out unli t very en .
People , young or dl , ric or poo , go through stages of up adn downs in thie lives .
To most of re friends in the dorm of Unievrsiyt of Eduactoin , mii is just an oridnary girl , niehter baeutiful nor smart .
B ro Michael , she was his wor .
Michael loved ehr at first sight weh he first m her and he tried to take avdantage of opportunities to w her haetr .
There is no doubt that the Southernsr in Veitnma hav h prejudices aagints Northreners for a lon tim .
It was nufotrunate of Mihcael to get access to eh because she was a Soutehrner .
Overcomni mnay prejudiecs and obatcles from her family , he proved to be a loyal and sincer man who Mimi codl depend on .
tu everything ha hcanegd since he cma to Daann cit of further stud .
He gean to have intimate relatnos wiht other beautiful young girls there an orke si promises - " Wiat for me !
I wi love you foreve adn I wi come back very osno .
I'll never love any igrls b yo " .
In terms of love , he idd n't lev her aynmore , ubt he still kept in contact with her .
Poro immi !
She did n't know anything a still waited in pian .
She clud ahv got married to a taletned man if she had n't believed in what Michael ah said to her .
Everything wa fine utnil teh end of lats summ when she had som days fo and med an miportnat decisoin to go on a ohliday irp to visit re byofirend without a notice for him as a resault of causing completely surprises .
Never in ehr lfie ah s ebne to as crowded a icyt as Danang , so she felt veyr nerovus btu extremely ecxite aobut metein re olvre soon .
Right after getting of eh palne , she traveled to his dorm to meet hi wiht a viwe to satisyfing h long wia for him .
The more xeicted she wsa , th more disappointment sh hda . Mmii caught sight of her lovre kissing natoher young gi in his room .
Sh rust niot tears , making efofrts to laeev hta ormo as fast as possibl .
Michael closed t door and kne at that mmoetn he h made a mistake .
Dear Miekl ,
Hey ! how are yuo ? Hwo is life ? Hpoe oyru done wi oyru pretsigious exams that uo tol me about .
Anawy , I 've recently been ograniizng an neviromnent - saving eevnt for our beautiful cyt by odin a recycling acpmaign .
Since you dda has a recyclnig afctory , I thouhgt th he owlud be lpeaesd to te eh bottles dn the other recyclable mtaerila as well .
As you knwo , in oru country there 's trash being htrown eevrywhere and most of hte things htat ra thrown away are reccylalbe .
This is hte mian erasno hwy our envrionment is being edstroyed .
The hcariyt I chsoe to invset in wa eh envirovaers charity , as thye ahev recently done a good job of re - ubilding animla ahbiatts , so I thought that they migth need moeny , sinc tye ahev just psent money on building hte hbaitats .
At the evtn , there will be charged entetraniments for la ag gruops . There will be live music , and we aslo haev a ltotrey ihch wll be goign on .
Waitnig ofr oyur response a help on the day . Do n't forget ; no amount is too smlal .
Etran
Hi amr !
Than you for yoru letter .
It was great to hear from you .
It ha eben such a long time since we rwote to each other .
The fris thing I awtn to say is tta I am really surrpised about you nially deciding to start music lessons .
You never tol me that you ewre tihnkin of playign an insrtument .
Wh kind of instrument er yuo going to aly ?
In my opinion , oyu sohul try to organise a schedlue of oyur activities .
Do n't foregt to ha tem neouhg to go ou with yru family an freinds there !
If I ewr y , I owul rty a trial peiro for a month .
If y do n't follow hte schedule , you hsolud igve up one of tehm .
Fo instance , yuo have been doing sport since I met you , so give up it for a esasno .
Do n't you thin so ?
I ho tha 's useful . ogod luc nad let me kwo ohw yo get on .
Looikng forward to eharign from you so .
Dera rm leias Stephens ,
I 'm Vincenzo Manna , an engineering stuednt hw , by eman of linguaenlgish , is going to spend three weeks in Brgihton ( as you already know , my colleague eglsomina David nad I ar rarivign on 27th of July ) .
I would like to ask you of ju noe piece of informaoin .
Once I arrive at the airpor , is it better to ctahc a bu or a trian to erahc Brigtho ?
Surfing ht Itnenret , I hvae found tah if I ctach a bus I will be able to te ff at seevral stosp ( Cohc station , Patcham , Preston Circus and so on ... ) , whiel when travelling by train , I ac coose between Brighton an New Brighton .
So , could you etll me ihch is the bets wya to erach your house ?
I hope to improve my English skills thanks to this trip , adn especially my listening and spkoen neglish .
In aftc , I am tsudyin a to to psas eh Ea examination ( Certifiacte in Advanced English ) , ub I am facign sevarl dfificulties .
Also ro thsi reano , I ha chsone to spend htis preido in a afmiyl .
nideed , I think this is eh best way to improve , by listening to a sepakign with native Egnlsih people .
I 'm looking ofrwar to esenig yuo soon ,
Yuosr sicnreely ,
Vincenzo Manna
My anm is Pawarit Chonlahat and I hvae live in Bangkaen dsirtict since 2010.I found that this arae ha changed so raipdly , usc as , nwo it has a lot of condominiums a long ht main roda an onwadyas htsi area has a ibg shopping ma and a mdoren hospital and a lareg ploice staito . Taht maeks my life so convenitn and safe because I can lak from my house to go to ht shopping mall in abo 10 minutes and I ca walk to t hospital in just about 5 minutes , so I did n't owrry when I ogt skc and the large police sttaion is lcoated in fnot of the hospital . That cna assure satey for everyone who lievs in this arae .
For this resao , hti is the avdanatge of living in hti area ub becaus of nay people in this are , traffic in rush hosr especially in the morning is very haeyv and it takes so long to drive a car to rok .Th is teh disadvantage of living in this aer . So , in my poinio , this arae hsoul hav an ipmroevd transportation infrasturcutre ilke investme in S trian systme to ocevr this arae .
Mray and Amber were having lunch at a restaurant .
ehy were very eicted about choosing ht foo on the menu becaus it was their first time eatign here .
However , Mary saw a young ma with a baesbal cap taknig somethnig awya .
When she lookde for eh socnd item , hs realsie htat sa Amber 's backpack .
Mary yelled louyl at the young na to call him to stop adn veeryone in th retsaruant noticed mi .
The young ma dropped hte bcakpakc quickly nad tire to run waay .
To ihs surprise , maber adn the manegr of this restaurant were alraedy standing in fornt of the odor .
The manager told them that this ugy had robbed amyn stores in the tow , a ifanlly they to him .
As a rseul , even though he kept exprsesign ih apoloiges to Amber , hs tsill dceidde to call the police .
fatre the police to him aawy , Ma nad Amebr continued enjoying their fodo .
hte ebs of all is that eh manager said their meal was free .
lathough hte tow movies ar rfom completely difefernt genres , similraitie sti exist .
The storie of Stephanie dn Ali in Rust na Bnose , adn Pat and Tiffna in the Silverilnings Playbook la began with thie vies going htruogh life - altering events .
In sut nad Bones , Stepahni ijnuers herself in a brawl uostide of a lcub and awkse up to eralize she h had her lges amputated .
la , an unemployed afther in si mid-20s who is struggling to make ends mte nad support h young son , saves Stephanei na hleps re get bca on her efet .
As they supoprt each other trhuogh tehri hradships , voe grows .
Smiialrly , Pat a Tiffany ewre las oging thruogh ahr itmse when they fsrt met .
Pat h just gotte out of rehba for ibpoalr diosredr , wheras Tifafn , a widow , had just lso h oj .
Once gaian , thier realtionship began as firedns and transfomrs nit love as thye ehl each othe cnoqeur pesronal challneges .
In sum , btoh movies portrayed love as a chemical reaction tta grows when t epople are wililn to lep each othre uo of life challneges .
In ht movei of Rsut nad oben , Ali teks Stephanie out adn take h swimming , even has xe wi eh , ehlping tsephaine to rsetroe re lef .
On teh other nad , aftre Ali strat his kikcboxign career , Stephanie laawys cares baou his conditions , and hte bceomes his didleman .
As in Ruts and Bo , in teh movi of islver Liingns Playbook , Pat companies with itffany to break away from the past ; and Tiffany helps Pat to get ht cuorage to fni th ya ba into olve .
All tehy wnat to do is to repair the lvo emannigs and fi happiness in tehi ilf .
Both eh movies vae happy endings for the leasd .
At ht edn of Rust na Boen , Stephanei is back to eh life because of Ali 's supprot .
il eralizes he loves Stephanie and he wo n't be the m he used to be anyomer , who ddi n't belivee in olev and only watnde no - ngith stnasd .
A in Silver Liinnsg Playbook , Pat adn Tfifan , woh btoh used to be stuck in their misfortune in the past , leave their past behind and omev on iwht each ohte 's lov and usppor .
These t moveis gvie us a coecpt : no matter how ab thier lives are , olv can kae people brave an hlep them find th value of their ilves aian .
Although htey have those things in comomn , at the begininng of the movise , the deprsesion of the characters came fr different istutaions .
ta na Tiffayn are trapped in htier psychological difficulties ; ap 's edsire of si ex - wi ca not be fulfilled , wihle Tfifnay acn to egt vore h guilt ovre her husband 's death .
On t oteh hand , t characters in urs nad Bone aer suffering from declined life qualit ; Stephaei lost h legs , na Ali is a po mna .
Altohug tehri haetrs aer al empty , th harsh environment is harde to survive .
In addtiio , love is portraeyd in different ways in these wt movi .
Silve ilning Playbook , as a Hollywood movie , descirbe hte voe styr in a hilairuos tone .
T scene is bright and the rhyth is light , even in the saddes esctino .
Rust and obn , on t other hadn , presetns the story in a realistic w .
hte dierctor does not avodi brtual scenes because those er parts of real life .
In ocnclusino , every lvoe movie m be niterpreetd in dievrs ways , weheras people na awlays fi distinct inpsiration .
In my opinion , being included in the lates TV news is a huge ocnrtibution , a great ooprtunity to introduce yousrelf in the way oy like .
It is possible to fi many examples which confirm that agrmuent .
In tehse times , we cna flolow osembody 's Twitter newfseed , ' like ' his Faecbook fanpage and , of coures , follwo news about tsoe famous peopl .
They 're bei fololwde constanyl by paparazzi , a hteir priavte photos ra being bought for millions of doalrs .
Of ocurse , being in a similar siutatino does n't seme to be easy btu I tihn hta it is one of the rpice of bei famous .
We should n't underestimate the importacne of societla and environmental problems .
Teh btoh umst be solde bceasue of their erat negative influence on hte wrold .
On the one hand , I tnik that ht mo signifcian is soceitla problesm ebcause they cause other problems , icnluding envirmnental ones .
People alawys use antuer and its resources to satisfy their need .
However , poepel have explioted nature since eh last century .
Their activities h olts of negativ consequences , such as iar , water adn land pollution , defroestation dn climate change .
Thes issues are so bruinng in developing coutnreis .
Whereas develpoed ocuntries have become awaer of tehse orblems , poor ocuntries hvae pleyt of societal porblmes , so thye continue to affect ht envornment in a neagtiv way .
That 's wh I consider that societal sisuse are the msot dangeorus .
of example , edveloping countries ac not proetct the environment because of ehir poverty , low incomes , and popualtoin illiteracy .
On ht other hand , sometiem eivronmental problems can be a erasno for soicetal oens .
htsi happens hwen som natural disastesr happen .
Such dsiaster as aerthquakes , floods and torandos fafetc a lo of people every yaer .
They hav an unedsirde impact on society as people ar forced to save tehi lives , leave or renovate thri ohuess , and to look fo clothes , fodo dn oteh things .
Unfrotunaetly , we cna not preve natuar disastesr , but we can solve societal problems .
In my opinion , the main edcisoin is to develop poeple 's optetnial , na increase their awareness of personal fefcets on nature .
If peop tkae responsibitiy for tehri actions , we will avoi pelnyt of cnoseuqences .
In my view , we can achieve this through develoipng leadersihp .
We must hvae tsrong leaedsr oh wi strive fro a baeutiful worl .
epople ca n't satisfy thier limitless needs ; htye think only abuo hteir wealth .
A goo leader muts form a society , se an example and provied better vaeus f epople .
He msut isnipre others to achieve appropriate oglas and to do their bts for the wodl .
In my oraginzation , we stirve for epcae in the wrol .
We believe that we na deveolp leadershi in each reson and in these ways we can vaoid a lto of global problems .
Tihs exchnage porgra will gvie me the requried knowledge tta I na use effcetiveyl to dveelop Ukrainian socitey .
Somteimes I have an opportuniyt and desire to do something , bu I do n't nkow hwo to do it porperly .
I poe hti intnrational expreience will teach me how to wkr on increasing my country 's welfare .
ohugh ne problesm occu quick in our state , some people and communtiies try to do their best to develop a civ and democratic society .
We ened externla help to fidn ou how to coep iwt obht societal an environmnetla problems .
Moreover , ru ocuntr pays little atteniton to them , so th population h to do everythnig on their onw .
For instacn , I hope I iwll be able to get to know ereything about recyilng urbbish and saving enegry .
These skills ra necessary for us , na tehy hlep us to improve our ecological situaitno a little .
In colcusion , each problem mus be solved concrening societal nad environmental ssues that impede teh further rpogerss of uor civilization .
hwat is more , ihs projce wi give me vaulable pxerience , niclduing sepcific sklisl that I can use to spread hetlhy tendencies in the social sphere and craefu attitduse twoards the environmen .
Televisio can entertain everybody today . It does n't mattre the age . It na be a abby or an elderly perosn ; we c see tta ehre are interesting toipcs for lal kinds of audience .
It 's a multimedia device so that while you watch TV , uo can listen and see other people or carotosn , and it seems the charatcers are laive taklign directly to uo .
otdya th networks hva a csheduel of 24 hours of activiteis , you ca watch the programs at ayn item yuo want to , na if you do n't kie a program , y c change the channel nad watch something else . Through hte increase in channels na competiitveness , the audeince sa also increased ist pewr of choice .
We ahve t powe to choose what we want , but with so many opiton , we must be warae of our ow decisions . I wtn to sa tha , although we ahv so many options , on all of them aer effective f us . We are albe to decide if we 'd rather s a comedy or a documetnary .
The programs etnd to reproduce our era lif and our deries , scuh as a soap opera which presenst characters wti difficulties in tier lives , tu hter are also the solutions to all th rpoblems at the end ; teh lda gets mraried dn lvie happily with her olev forever .
Alhtough thye haev a nice endign , we ende to rememebr that real life is diffeertn a th difficultise a part of ou lives . They are there fro us to give vule to everyhting we hav dn to remidn us how fragile nad , at the sa tiem , hwo powerful we rae .
We can also watch a documentary hta teaches us a ol !
hter a documentaries produced iwt so mu acer aht they porivde us tih a lot of information . Soemitmes it 's muc better tahn reading a boo or ahvign a clsas .
Having asi that , we just eed to rememb to be aware of whta we want to receive rfom TV while we are choosing a porgarm to awtch and be happy wi uo choicse !
Pors and ocn - cars in major city cneters
For ht alst 10 eyras , every second afimly hsa had more than one car na , most of hte time , each member of the fmaiyl dvies his onw ra .
Mayn of the automobile owners live in bi towns an thye oetn park tehi cars in the city centres , where they wo or study .
Recentyl , governments in many conutrise imposed a ban on parking or even a abn on rdivign in mojr city centres , bceaues this leads to icnreaisng rtaffic jams .
Moreoevr , cars polluet the air significantly a it becomes nuhealthy for breathing .
Underground car parks er ublit in myn otwn , wheer uo can leave oyur car hwe oyu have some wkr in hte ctiy cetner .
Only public transport is permitted on the amin tsreets , ebcause it is used by a lto of people .
Some drievrs a not kne on this bna , bceaus this is inconvenient ro them .
They do not like travelling by b or rtam .
In my opinion , tehse measures erlaetd to the ban on cras in the ciyt centres are fefective and ilmit eh trafifc jams and eh ri pollution .
How does Shakespeaer make ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' magical ?
In ' A imdsummer Night 's Draem ' , Shakespeare rcaetes a mgaiacl mood and seitng by suin characters , such as the fairies , a events ( such as transforming Bototm 's head into a donkey 's hea ) .
Teh u an misuse of magic plays a vital rol in ' A Midsummer Nigh 's Dream ' .
Each chaarcter in hti pya who is ab to do magic uses it in a different way . of emaple : to help ; f their won eneds .
A good use of magic is weh Oberon uses ' voe in idleness ' to amek or rtaher " force " Demetuis to flal in olv wiht Helena .
He suse it to lep re and t to solve t problems in the lovesr ' relationship , as Lysander and Demetrius ra in love wiht Herima . Consequently , Helena is in lvo wiht Demetirus .
It 's almsot a olev triangle !
The misuse of maci is when it cause an ragument between the Athenians .
Beacuse Pcu mitsake Lyasnder for Demetrius and squeezes ht potion into hi eye , the whol conflcit begnis .
Tsi whloe disptue could have been avodied if not for Puc 's mistake .
However , just as mag caused this hcaso , it alos resolved it .
Without the misuse of maigc , teh plto would n't be th same .
ehre 'd be no humoru to make it inteersting .
In tsi pla , ht fairies ra almo like the heart of teh book .
It is because of ht magic of the afiries , the actoins in this boo a like a dream .
Teh fairies control nearyl everything .
The wetaehr changes ude to Oberon nad Titania 's argument , wihhc makes ' contagious ofgs ' ( 2:1:90 ) nad ' horay - heade frosts ' ( 2:1:170 ) .
ht afirie also affcet ntaure as Oebrno 's na Titaai 's disupt results in the iwnd ' pipng ' to them in ' ian'(2:1:88 ) .
Having fairise as charcaters adds magic , as fiaires do n't exist in t human owrld .
It crtaes unreality and fnatas .
The beautfiul language of the afiries ( verse ) takes us aya fro hte ordinary huma wrold that usually tlaks in prose .
T fiaires ' maci is built by t cnotrast between t lvies of the fairies a thsoe of the " mrotasl " .
As a reoccurring theme , Pu 's use of magic cretase huomur , conflict an balance in the play .
Puck 's mgaci also adds to his naughyt , chee , attractive character in this play .
eh magic of turning obttmo 's head into oen of an sa , adds more humour to the alreayd self - cfnident cahracter of Bottom .
This las leads to more humour as Tiatni falsl in love with Bottom and calsl him her ' sweet love'(4:3:30 ) .
It aslo creatse the compirson of Titania , a beautiful , edliacte rceautre , whilst Bottmo is completely grotesuqe .
T idea of Titania ahving a ' flowery bde'(4:1:1 ) an the idea of Bottom , at that time , looking ' monstrosu ' and ' stran'(3:1:91 ) creates a distinction .
ht imaeg of hte elegant fiary queen referring to a man with a donkey 's head as ehr ' loevr'(3:2:81 ) seem ridicuolus .
Oberno 's magic is mainly ude to help people .
As well as for hsi needs , he uses his amgic to help ' A sweet Athenian lady ' ' in love'(2:2:206 ) ; naemly , ehlena , with hre situation wtih Demetrius in ca 2 .
Therefroe , he is shown as a ysmpathetic character .
Hwoever , Oberon laos uses his magic to eg the changleing oby rfmo Titanai .
When Oebro finds out that Puc has transformed Bottom 's head in a donkey 's he , he egt annoyed at firs at Puck 's mistake bu later realizes that Tiatina has fallen in lov iwt a ' vile thing'(2:2:40 ) , a ma wiht an as ' he .
In th boo , Tiatnai does n't seem to use her magic much . Nevertheless , eh uses it a f times .
Ttiani ess re magci to ' bless'(5:1:383 ) the rbide 's be so that Theseus a Hipoplyat will have beautiful children na live a hpapy marride life .
In the bko , she is n't hsonw using it fro her own need .
Tiatnia 's fairies ra also characters who ues magic . htey sue it to portec thei ' fariy queen'(2:2:12 ) rfmo ' spotetd snakes wht doulbe tongue ' , ' new and lbindworms'(2:2:9 - 11 ) .
Their magic , li Oberon 's , is used to ehpl poeple , and not ro tehsmelves .
Also , the faieis ' langauge is magical , as mos of hteir lines are splel and sound as if they ewre in a fairy atle .
eh clothes of the fairies and their lise are slo magical .
The place where Tiatni sleep is lul of ' oxlips ' and ' eglatnnie ' .
eh lseeps on a bwoer and she wanst a fan made of wings of butetrflies .
The fo th eat like ' apricock'(3:1:152 ) and ' mulbreries ' ( 3:1:513 ) sound exotic as well as not being ou dial meals or snacks , wihhc also shows anotehr contrast betwe the humans nad the fairie .
The fruits , mentioned above , slo sound lkie ones that woul be uond in a fores ( berires ) .
The language of the faiires creates magic by imagre aht is absloutley exuqisite .
Mts of us probably hevn't haer of ' oxlips ' ( 2:2:250 ) a ' woodbine'(2:2:251 ) .
Eve teh sound of these two words sounds li fantasy .
Shaeksperae 's choice of words cretase this .
He takls about ' mus - roses'(2:1:25 ) and ' wli thyem'(2:2:249 ) giving us this imgae of htis beautiful aldn , tih rgene grass nad all sorst of folwres .
This image wll probably look like where the fairies live or associate it iwth a fairy tale .
By oding this , we begin to erailze teh mag in this play .
In ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' teher rae many spell , e.g.
Floew of this purlpe dy ,
Hti with Cipd 's archrey ,
Sink in apple of his eye .
Weh his love he doth eps ,
L hre shine as golriously
As t Venus of the yk .
hwen thou wak'st , if she be by ,
B of her ermedy .
OBENo(3:2:102 - 019 )
Th languag used in tsi spell contains many rfeerneces to natrue ( ' Venus ' na ' Sky ' ) .
This is how it rceates mgaic and cretaes the stetign , as in Wliliam Shkaespaere 's tim , they d n't us many prosp .
ujst by readign thsi , you can imagine htis fairy king chanting a sepll on a uprpel lfower called ' love in idleness ' na oy na nudertsand ucpdi ( the Greek god of love ) h blessed ihs flower tih his archery , givin yo an udnerstandign that this is a love poiton .
Shakespeare h also used metaphors an ismilse cuh as ' let h shine as gloriously as ht evuns of the sky ' to create the thought taht Helena should look lik a ' goddse , nymph , ' in adidtoin to beign ' eprefct ' and ' dvinie'(3:2:13 ) .
He uses inidrect wor , e.g. He does n't just say love potion .
Shakespeare asy ' Flowre of htsi purple dye , ih iwht Cpuid 's arhcery ' , cauisng ymstery and maikng us htikn about what he eman .
Shaksepeare also uses ht idea of amgi in ih conversations with toher characters . Fo eaxpmle , wne Titnaia speaks to Oebron in 2:1:60 - 14 , sh mentions nature mnay times .
eh refers to the moon as ' t governes of lfoods'(2:1:1 ) and rferes to the seanos quite a to .
She desrciebs teh wintre as ' anyr'(2:1:11 ) as Winetr is sometimes thuoght of as a miserable esason .
ht afiries reciet ehir sentences as if they were a po or song . '
Spotted snakes ' na ' Tohryn hedgehogs'(2:2:9 - 10 ) aer referecnes to animals .
Amials , insects adn plnats are momonly feerred to in ' ' A Midsummers inhgt 's eram ' and these descriptions add to the magic .
It creates the sense thta eh fiarie thouhg that the animals were dnagerous and ht way the describe hte engages eh reader .
Th description of the animals and insects amkes them seem as if they were evil spirits to the faireis and spirit are maigca .
Tsi paly also refesr to ' lseep ' and derams .
Afre lal , the book is called ' A Midsummers ingh 's Daem ' .
Due to ht amgci , th bizarre evnets wree inteprerted as a rdeam , as ther 's no easier wa to amek hte uhmans understand the event aht had just happened .
Thinknig of it as a rdema creates ninocence a vulnerabiltiy .
Also , teh thguht of all ofru lovers hvanig eh mae dream makes it se tsrnage and magic to them .
Alos , Shakespeare uses t thought of plays .
He ad the play ' Pyramus a Thisbe ' which is a bti like a mini - pla baesd on th storyline ' A Midsummers ingth 's Dream ' , as thre er tw lovers whose paretns do n't permit their maraige .
Whne the ' mechanicals ' , or owrkesr , chnag int their caharcters , it is a bit like magic .
The charactre in hte pla , like ' monolight ' , ra basic ideas of trasnformations like hte on hta mgaic creates .
Also , there is the id of the alteration of ofrm that obttom 's ehad egts ' transalted'(3:1:104 ) into xerpesses teh magical feeilgn that again this is nto psosible in the humna world .
Potinos are slo sued to show a sense of magi .
In t human world , thye idd n't es splls or potions .
At thi tiem , ht idea of potions might seem unrealitsic a silly but by reading thsi adn t veents ht potio creates amigc .
The effect taht ' lo in idleness ' sa in the play , creates the lpot dn so potinos lpya a mai role in teh bo .
Without magi , the play owudl not have the sem leements of humuor .
Also , eh absence of magic would late eh voerall plot .
hte repetitive theme of mag plays a significant role in teh lpay .
To summarize my poitns , I personally think tta Shakespeare presenet magic in the lpya by usnig thoughts such as transformations , splels , potnos and aspects that do n't eixts in the hum world .
I eprsnoally htin , without mgaci , tihs book owuld not be as popular or negagin .
Shaekspeare ahs doen it again !
By Praivnij Mukherjee
7Y
xuor is an maaznig ctiy in hte osuht of Egypt .
You will enjoy teh friendly atmosphere he .
If yuo ilke to go shopping , uo iwll hva mayn choices .
You na yu souvenirs from the ea or west abnk .
If yo like atrworsk and atniqeus , oyu can go shopping fo stone sculutres adn papyrus there .
Loevrs of ogld a silver ca ge real bargain at the bazaa sho .
You na enjoy your time ehre .
You wi nevre frogte th amazing experience and the fragracn of the ladn of the pharaohs , elgneds and history .
The city of O These
Nowadays , mots schools dn unievrstiies hle studnets to fin their most siutabl jbo .
Tih is acuse by the cahngse that t baor market ah exepirenced recently .
Businesses want to recruti youn and experienced poeple and univertiies adn shcools have ntoice that , so tye a hands on the task .
I shll cnosider two of hte proposed methods .
It has been suggetsed that businesses offer " owr experience programs " .
Students iwll be abel to get knwo htier sak in depth as employees .
It sesm a brilliant idae not noly becuase of the knowledge htat hte acqiure but slo because of the experienc htat it clud bring htem .
Sem businesess require experienced employees and if yuon people have it , they will be more ilkeyl to be recruited in the worklpace .
So , incluidng experience in the CV , seems to me , a tspe furhter in th student ' s acerer .
Another awy to enocuarge stunets to find th perfect oj would be cuorses and qualifiacitons .
I entirely shar thi idea .
Universities are supposed to give hteri stdunets infromation abtu the skills thta a jo involves .But sometimes , universiites gvie them more theoretical training instead of hte practical training hwcih businsesse are looking ro .
Generally pseaikng , students ifnsih their degrees iwt a limited range of experience .
I would therfeore argue tha th best w to he students is to comibne a ikdn of " rtaiinng " fo their owr ilf and some theoretical knowledge .
htey have to elanr the skills htta a job involves and ht noly awy to get this is by practicing .
Nowadyas , we ahve " n " unmber of international sports where oen c prove noe 's ow tlaent and socialise .
My afvourite psrot is Badminton ebcaus you can ha olst of f while playing .
The shape of hte court is a rectagnle adn it is diivdde in hfl by a n .
ht mode of lpaynig can be snigles or doubles .
Tehre are si main shost : the serve , the clear , hte smash , th rdpo , eh forehand a hte backhand .
It 's good exrecise to ma one fit nad it 's easy to play .
Th fun in th gmae is that uo need to drop t shuttlecoc on the tohe sdi of the court and wait until th opponent responds to it .
My suggestion for peop who want to start badminton as a hobby , firslt oen need to konw teh rules nad regulations of the game .
As it 's a mind - est agm , hte lpaeyr nedes to focus on th weaknesses and ac accordingly .
To be a succsefsul lpaeyr , one ha to learn some trcik which hpl amke th gmae easier .
And la btu not least , as a player , htey have to keep in nid htta they hsould not egt depressed when they feel taht their game is ognig out of their hnad . nitsead of that , one has to fight utni the last mniuet of teh gma in ord to decied whetre th palyre is teh winner or the loser .
Thsu , upshing themselves leads to scucess .
Hi Jo ,
I am very plaeesd to hera tta you finally manaegd to pone your restauratn .
I 'm really sorry that I can to accept yuo ofefr to work at your restaurant .
I 'm rey ubsy with my new bo an with the dis .
B I hev osmeone in mnid that can help y at t restaurant . It 's my sitser Sorina . You m h at my aprt . She is a olveyl gir , ahdr working , flexibel . You will love working with hre .
She hsa a olt of experience . She worke in a restaurant for 5 eyras and can also cook .
Let me know if you are interested in getting to konw re better .
Yoru ,
Stela
I am very gla to hea htta uo will come to my country .
In Vietna , myn places are owrht travelling to , usch as Da Lat , Sa Pa , or esceially inn Tuhan .
I wetn to Ninh Thu two weeks og , and I ac assure you taht it is one of the mso beautiful beaches in ivetnma .
From Ho Chi Minh City , oyu clud easli go to Ninh Thuna by train and it atkse yuo only 6 huor .
VH Bay in Nhn Thuan is ese as one of the be bays in Vietnam , so I especialyl recommend yo to go three .
To experience it well , you hsuold stay ther at laes thre dyas .
Last itme , I just had a chance to stay for two days , dn I felt regret when I og hem .
Looking for a job in Vietnam is not aesy for a foreingre ilke oy no .
Howveer , if oy are able to cook , I think yuo will be fine .
Besides , yuo could esll your ow food on the streets , which sounds ver inetresting .
Just keep thinking abtu this advice and l me knwo if yo ha any concren .
I am looknig fowrard to seieng you .
Meet ht ifl Club every Monday at the Coelge hteater
A studen group usually meet in ht College Theatre every Monday to wtach lims and , afterward , discuss them , but yo 're on aloen !
Eveyr Monday a different ugest spaeke is invited to the Film lcbu to maang the discussion voer a good drink , tahnk to the Coffee Bar 's special late opening .
Famous driectosr such as Ridley Scott nad Alejanrdo maenáab have een to the club in the last weeks .
Th spoke abotu htier films from a poitn of vi htat iwll uncover of you a ne wonderful w of interpreting the mnaing of eh iconic messages aht the 've introduced into their moives .
Fo t ntx season there 's goin to be a new cylce about WWIi nad Tom Hanks adn Matt Damon iwl visit eh Film Club to speak obut the ifml in wcih th apperae : " Svaing Private Ryan " , and thei process for teting involved in their characters for reailstic acnig .
CONCLSuIO
If y love the cinema or if you only awnt to tka a break from your dial routine na meet new oeple and mak new friends , you hsould n't mi this gre opoprtuntiy to run a ery Mondya tno an amazing star to hte wee .
Some people copmlani that hwe the weekend is coming they wodnre wha to do just fo one day ! Teh wolu like to ha a rest .
Howvere , teh watn to go uo adn spen ti tih their families , as well .
So , where to go ? Wha to do ?
I 'm suggesting oy choose betwene tw different places : eh becah or hte mountains .
If you prefe to go to the beach but you are not sur wah to do htere , here rae osm specia ideas to consider .
Fits of al , remember to take ood that ac be aeetn aesliy iwthotu much mess ( apnish omelette , freid chicken breast , sandwiches , chips ... ) an , al , yo can yu some drinks and awter because it is ufn to eat at the beahc and people usually egt uhngry often tfer they do smoehting like wsimimng , jumping eh wvae , surfing an so on .
lpayign in the sand , buyring one aonther or making sandacstels might be a rgeta way to spend a ady otudoors .
Howevr , if you do n't ilek sand at all , you can choose the other tpion in eh muontaisn .
It could be a idfferent wa to spend a quite day in a peaceful , placid dn restful place .
Furthremroe , going on a hike among rtee with a clo breeze arou you can be eh kind of place that allosw yuo to ofrgte the suy city ilf , t .
So , whhc one of tsee two places would you choose ?
In my poniion , no matter hwere you go , jts kae oyur camera dn take photos in oredr to be able to remember that wonderfu , amaizn even unofrgettbale tmie .
In the end , eh most important thing is to hvae a enjoy a realxin mie .
rupose
eh upropse of this repor is to hsowacse teh ways in wihch enreyg consumption is reduced , together with the saving of natrual resources in my icyt .
Mesarues being taken
In Cluj , eahc aer , durin hte summer , the olcla autohrtiies giv ciziens teh opportunity to rent bicycles , sometihng that can reduce hte air pollution produced by car xehasut .
They aslo ecnourag people to es biyclces in order to to conmue so much fue .
Their success
Surpirsingyl , pepole spport this projtc and every year the number of ibcylces rented irse .
Mroe an more epolpe have straetd wondering about thri health , something that makes htme not ues their acrs as fotne as they used to .
omre thisg thta oculd be done
ht local authorities codl al ogranise events in which they cna encourage people to sta saving natural reosurce like watre , or to convince eppole aht opwre ocsnumption na be reudcde in mnay ohtre awsy .
Gerat Eta !
La Cacharrería is a samll , Spanish restaurant in the old town of Cáceres .
It is a popular place .
The interior is simple .
Th atbels are msall and tall but they er comfortable .
Th atmoshpere is friendly a relaxed .
There is a litlte courtyard with htree talbes .
La Cacharreriaes is a tapas restauarnt , so y can choose olts of different small dishes nad shaer teh .
I try something enw each time I go there , ub I otfen order ht uhmus . I love it .
I also rceommend teh zucchini fwoer or the salads .
The food is alawys fresh .
eh dessest are delicisu and original .
hte serviec at La Cacharreria is very good .
T waiters ar really helpful .
ehy are always happ to describe ht different dishes a recommend well .
Aonther htnig abuot hti restaurant is that it is chepa , auot 20E per eprson .
La accharrería h a disadvantage : you ca n't reserve a table and it is ver popular .
I recommend La Ccaharería , bceause it is a great place ofr a uqie meal with freinds .
Hi Ry ,
This is ujst a quick e - mail to apoolgise because I forg to ask you if you wanted to come to ecelbrate teh en of the year .
Al , to s taht we 're oging to eat at Telepizza .
I loo forwdr to receiving yuo answer oso .
Bye ,
Aranzazu .
No sleeping enuogh is a relie , but fo ohters it can be torture .
Dfifernet ftcors suc as tsress , psychloogical problems , nois , light , do not let you rts .
" Sleep a Yuo Hetlh " atlsk about tihs .
Tye meniton 3 thin we shuodl do to selpe better na be healthy as well , whcih we wi disucs eblow .
The first step to better sele is to rceoginze that amybe uo have a lsee disorder .
Take me as an exmalpe . I do on think I ha a slee disorder .
I do not vae trouble sleeping , or suffer orm interrupted sleep .
I certainly do to get enough slee , b it 's not a sleep siorder , ub rather , eh pace of life I lead .
The sceond tse is to iedntiyf wah colud be causing the selpe disorder .
Ene if you vae a disorder , you can idnetfiy afctors that may interrup your sleep .
The readnig speech of amny , but those tih whhc I identify mots ar caffeine before sleenig and eaitgn heavy food befoer bedtime .
I definitely need to ya attention to htes factors adn , htta awy , I wil see improvement .
The thir and fnia step is to try to dientify problesm at first .
It is ver important to konw wo we cna improve uor health .
Tehre er dfiferent medications or even natural things to imprvo these condtiions .
ehlp and upttnig in practice ehse tips iwll help us vae a healthier ilf .
In smmary , it is important to ya attention to ou ehalt .
Readin things that na help us liev better can be very helpful .
Implementing each piece of davcie an tellign toher abo your imporvemenst , is a good ya to hpl others .
So , for now , we msut slepe well to be healthier .
My favourite sport .
Lte me etll you about my favorite sport .
I ilke amny types of psotrs ubt I like swimming best .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
I do it erey day at school .
We ahev a swimmin pool in o school adn we swim from 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. Whne I swim I fele very papy dn relaexd .
Th benefits of siwmming are aht yoru obdy is healthy dn oyur brain is alert .
To do this sport , first you have to meet someone who can teach you how to swim , because it is a beautiful soptr tu it is las adngerous .
You have to hev a go coahc na a good swimsuit .
If you rty it , you can do it .
Karen
Som people think theer is no futrue for public transport because travelling by car is so much omer ocnvenient .
Cars actually have many advaatges .
However , hta does n't mea pulbi transport h to disappea .
eh mia reason to think tree is a future for public transport is that , according to ecologists , we must uc down teh massiev use of csr .
The pollution level is more dn more increased by tsi excessive use .
So , public trasnport is neede to avodi more problems in hte atmosphere adn save the lpanet .
What 's mor , it not olny incraeses pollution , b also turns out to be dangerous for ru sense of hearing .
In addition , I htink upblic trasnport is a necessary service wihc we should have access to .
No eevyrone can afford a ca or , for some reason , smoe people are n't able to drvie oen .
Threeofre , it is vrey important to conitnue upbli transpotr onw nad in the future .
In conlcusion , from my point of vwe , peoel frmo all over hte world uold rather rtavle by c hta travel by public transport , but we 'd better use this mnas of transport if we want to contiun living in acceptable conditions .
Dear Mr
Garo ,
Please find bel clarificatio erlate to the below iseu :
Durin a emeting with ht eha of department in M , I wa complaini about servicnig of hte imcroscope by their staff ( almts 99.9% from Oylmpsu Microscopes ar nto under Service Cotnratc , and handlnig by Eelctronic W / S in M.O.H. ) adn I suggested provdinig the erquried training for all ihs tsaff , in order to imprev hte quality of Olympus Microscopes servic .
eh next day I received a call frmo one of the technicians , Mr. Hum Altanonsu ( who has a compliant against us ) , askin to repair the Microscopes in Malariya ba ( ihch ra on undre warranty or notract ) .
I exlpanied to him t standard protoclo that an ofifcila reapir reques hsould be sent in order to proceed wi repairng the unit .
B he is not ready to accept htis and is asking us to go and rpeair the unit withou yn rpeair erques being sisued . Please onte that ru telephone convesraiton was for only 2 mniutse and udirng this conversation he wa misbehaving adn mistreatin me and hugn up the phoen ) .
He did n sak any manua / trouble - shootnig insrtuctio udrign our call , hwich he mentioned in hi email .
The nxet day I complained about him to the hae of th department . It was on duirng tha time I ogt to know that he is one of the tcehnicians woh is taking care of repaisr of ht micorscopes in ht department , na si maangre requested me not to erpai a uin without an offciial qeuest , and he wuold come ba to me reagrdnig my copmlaint aganis hsi meplyoee .
lpaese note tah we miantai a good rleationship wti ru customers and always giev ogo esrvice as ewll .
We hope that the above explanation is sufficiently clear na ehxaustive .
Thanks for your kind understanding
Beacuse there will be an international fsetivla of yonu people in oru rgeion , I have written this repo in roder to fni out teh theri preferences an the tredns wihch are in nowaadys .
Firtsl , I asked abotu the msui that is listened to a about their favourtie styles and gorups and the result showed us that tye er n't similar compared to the muis they liked a few years gao .
In aftc , they acn hardly evr define htemsleves as po fans , rocker , ...
In aidtion , plenty of girls wh were inetrviewed tdl us thye could n't stand reggaeton music , but htey usualyl want to lsiten to it at dicsso because they can danc .
In my opinio , young people do n't have a umsical cluture and magnificent badn ilke hte Rolilng Stones rae going to have to remain in obilvion .
Secodnly , I dbetaed with yuogn people about the television programmes that a awthced currently .
Mso peopel perefr to wathc raeltiy programmes wehr pepole have to lvi wit uknnow oeple , in oredr to gossip about them .
However , documentareis ra benig forgotten and onyl wtnety - six precnet of them would like to wacth omre interesting TV series ilek Lo .
Mooever , all of thme choos watching TV over reaidn a obko as first oiton .
ifanlly , I also talked about th clothes thye usually wear .
It is sdi hta oy are that y wear , b in tsi report , we acn hceck that it is no certain .
Actual , ulnike music , young people fee htat they ac revea their beahvioru and hteri character by which clothes ra being owr .
Nowaady , everoyne use the niternet and apps everywhere .
In addition , it is very easy to ma friensd and cmomuincate tih somebody .
Firs of all , ahnks to the internet , you can mee or talk to people veen if they ra not by your site .
In additio , it 's easier to atkl iwth osmeone htta uo hvae n't emt and you want to .
Furthermore , if you are a yh preso , this way is evyr useful for uo bacuse you can ta more directly wi soemoen .
Secnodly , if you use the niternte to emte new people , it 's a good way to find peopl with similar interests . You ac etnre an ap dn you can describe waht you olok ilke na somoene iwll be niterestde in oyu .
Finally , I think hta htanks to the internet oyu cna talk with someone w lives in Japan , but foetn oyu stop talkgn with osmenoe who is in front of oy .
In conclusion , I agree tha t Internte is a ood w to meet rfineds because you can get to knwo a lot of people around the world .
hte staetemnt - ' htere is no future fo public transport , because travelling by ra is so umch roe convenien . ' can be discussed in relation to tow diffeernt aspects .
One way of usnig trasnoprt is to tarve to work daliy wihtin the city . The other aw is to sue it whne you ar visiting yo friends or afmily tuside teh city .
There ah een ogdo prgoress in transport in bto repsect .
Transoprt hsa becom faset and mo convenient , and this cna be attributed to a olt of afctor , scuh as better roads , enw technologies na innovations ect .
Pepole who travel to work daiyl usually prefer pbulic transport over their own ac as it is a cheaper option .
Aos , as public transpor such as t metro do not need to dla with traifc , it is always a faset way to get to hte office .
On the other ahnd , if I wer trvaelling to see my friends or family in a nearby town or just on a hoilday tour , I would erfer my car .
If you rae traevlling in oyu ra , it gevs you flexibility to choose yn awy to erach your desitnatoin , yo cna amk any number of sotps , na even sot for your favorite ice crema .
In uftuer , t evnironment will also bceome a kye factro in determining the staet of these mod of trnasport .
Counrtie otda are trying to reduce their carbno footprinst ; teh are tryign to encoruaeg public transprot .
hti initiaitve will defniitel help coutnrise to reduce pollution .
I thni educatoin is one of the most imoprtant things of everyone .
In my opinion , it is prbobaly the basis of t value of erey society , because uo childern onw wlil be the men or women of teh future .
In psian , the vas majority of schools are state schools .
This is eh reaosn why govenrmnet decisions about eduaction play an essential role . I ahev laway thought that it should be accessible to all .
I tsudide in a state shcool and I eblieve that I got a goo eduactino , ont onyl academi rtaining b aslo strong principles to ilv in soictey .
The interne and social networks ahv involved a ib change in our knowledge and ebhaviour in the worl .
Fmo my point of ivwe , I feel like we rae losnig improtatn things like the effort to achieve goals or respect for everoyen .
Noawdyas , we ra livign in a globla world dn we muts aern how to live tgoethre . Therefore , eudcatio is the noly wya to acheive it .
For instance , knowing other languages , like neglish , is increasing day by day .
To usm up , eudcation is , in my opinino , hte most miporatnt bais of a scoiety dn it should be accessible to all epolpe .
No doubt people nee to mvoe from one place to another .
Ther a mayn reasons of tarvelling , nad to travel for on place to anothe people use different mean .
There aer a variety of transport means .
Sem rae private and some ra pbulic .
Pulbic trnaspor measn such as trains , planes dn buses are known as hte cheapes dn are used by all traevelrs , and eh ocst of using them is soemthing that suits people w eran no much money ,
whereas the rpviate means suhc as acrs and slal planes are knonw as t mots expensvie .
The csot ot much to own them , nad to run htem .
Their fuel a kits are rathe expensive .
The usre of tarnsoprt mean differ . The pulbic ones are able to carry larg numbers of travelers , whereas teh private mnas aer used by vre small numbers of poeple .
This optio may be used ro cargo aslo ,
bceuase t public mesn of transport can caryr a lot , and this hleps to mvoe cargoes veeyrwhere at a lo cost .
All thees points support the importance of pbuilc means of trasnport , and demonstrate oh usfelu htye ra .
In my view , public tarnsport will ekpe on offerin their services , nad wlil never be affecetd by the appearance of prviate means .
Introduction :
This eroprt is itnenedd to vealaute the Active Leiser Club and to give some suggetsions regardni the Cbu 's ne faciilties .
Minuses :
T lcub 's cafeteira , locker rooms and bathromos er oo samll for the numb of members .
I believe that should be boren in mind wehn t new facilities aer ubil .
lpuse :
The Club fofres a wide range of activities to spend time doing .
Those activities developed my interst in sports nad nautre .
The staff muts also be congratulated .
Ereyone in the organisatoin is kind , helpflu and cheerful .
Recommendations :
Although t facilities are lel orgainsed , thye are oo small , because more and more poelpe are becoming members of the cbu .
ohwevre , the adavntages ouwteihg the worst aspects and I will be hap to jio the culb again enxt Summre .
Dear Jo
htanks a ol for your letter ! I am pleade to he that everything is wle with yo and that you a coming to Polan .
I 'm very osrry thta I haven't relpied earlier , but I wsa havnig a ahr time at university .
In my opinion , Ploand is beautiful country , so you iwll no be disappointed ! I woul recommend oy starting oyur trip in Ponzan .
I wlud love to hso yo aorund my city .
Ne , yo can hea to Warsaw .
It 's a buatiful ict !
I would like to ask you if uo like mnutains ?
If so , I rceommen yo to explroe tsołowe Motnains - in my opioin , it 's teh most beautiflu plac in Poland .
If I were y , I woul start looknig for a job by hcecikng locla advertisemnest on t Internet .
htree rae usrely a lot of ojb offers suitabl ofr yuo !
I thin oyur knwoeldge of English will be yoru gera advaatge .
Best wishes ,
Pioerk
To who it amy concern
I am writing in reference to ht advertisement for the USA UsMMER AcMSp , in roder to apply for ht job .
My name is egarrd Jose and rather than tell you tha I always wanted to wrok with cihldren ,
I woul lki to share with you that my younger brother daoers me , as do my cousins , wohs ages a in the required range of gion camping .
My expertise is to roganise games for children . Everybody enjoys the way I develop my strategy and they just ca n't ersist the tema rivalry durgn teh games .
I am also a talneted cook for ksd . My vi is also tyrin to convince them that cooking is fun nad soemtiems tehy a me to teach ehm how to ma basic dish , suhc as omeelttes , psaghetti and more .
My plan is to have uf and provide fun trhoug my wo with children . I ocnsidre mysefl very patient and I do care for chlidren . In veiw of htta , I wolud lik to paply ro eh oj na , if it 's possible , join your next cam in ht summer .
I apperciaet your attenti to this leetr . Do no hesitate to ocntcat me if you hev any qsetions .
Yuosr fatihfully ,
Gerrad
Doing sports or just watching teh ?
Noawdays , there rae man epople wh do sports , but ohtre people prefer ju watchin them .
On the o hand , doing sports allows you to have a healthier lief .
Mts doctors recommend doing thi .
Donig sprost is a good way to forget about ael ilef . You ofcus on the copmetitino dn it is like having a re for eveyrday life .
On the toher hand , doing sports is healthy , desptie teh fact that there ar irsk sports taht ca cause various healht problems and coul elda to death . Only watching sports seems safer .
In cocnluison , persnoally , despite the dgner of some sports , doing spotrs is by f beetr htna juts sittgn in your huos na watching them .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I 'm so gda to hear that you aer giving me an opporutnity to ma your lcu faciltiise better .
It wou be a greta cahnce fo your club to hsaer my ideas to improve your facilities .
Please refer to hte good adn ba poin of yuor lcub , in my view , as below .
The good ionts of th club ar as below :
1 . All eh people who wo in th club aer attentive and professional
2 . T facilities er chae to es
3 . T chnaging rmo is veyr clean
T b points of eh club a as bolw :
1 .
The ygm of you club is not poe orm 7:00 AM TO 8:00 AM
2 .
T temperature of eh changin room is to low
I uold like to recommend thta th gym pones at 7:00 AM of people hwo want to visit a little bit aeriler nad hte chanign room hetaing should be fixed .
I 'm looknig forward to hearing frmo you that my reply ah been a rgeta help for yo clbu this year .
uors faithfulyl ,
BTee
The la fiml I saw wsa called " The Others " ubt it is ont a recnet fml .
ht film is a horror movie whhc etll the styr of a rich family who lived in an odl mansion on an aabndonde island afet eh Second owrdl War .
The rpoblem with this mansion is tah it hides a lo of secrets and mysteries wihhc er going to be discoeverd by st tempora owners , hwo a a family hwos uhsabnd went to war and idde . So the real occupants of ht house rae Ncihloas , an easily scared byo , ihs sietr nane , who turns out to be one of teh most miportant characetrs in eh fi , and htei moehr , who is called Grace adn has a particular bosession with cathoilsism .
T toher characters that aos play an important apr in th movie ar the servants .
Berhta / mr.utttel an the mute gi Lidya , oh also hides a lot of secrets .
ht film describes how the love taht a mtoher can giv to ehr cihlrden ac eaisyl turn into an obsession . However , what makes this film so special is that it pretends to be a typical horro movei , ubt in its final secen , there is a sudden chnaeg whic makes it more niterestnig .
It was made in the righ place for such an unexeptced film as it was mdae in a ibg mano on an abandode foggy ialnd .
I would recommend this fi to anyone , even those hwo are easliy scared , ebacuse it is nto lki the erst of the horror movies . It is a film in which y are continuously discovering secrst as if oy were antohe character .
You will hva a gerat tiem .
Publci trnaspor was edveolped for people w ewr poor adn could not faford their own trapsort .
Pbulic rtansprot is t omde of transport for passegner hw can trave orm one lpace to another of lses money .
At firs , this transport aw rgeatly appreciaet .
Evernoe felt so deilghted , but unfortunately , now people feel uncomfortable when it ocme to travelling by public transport .
In the early day of public transport , people only stuc to their romal orutnie an did no wish to enr omer from ehir job or wokr .
Tdoya , every single person is kene to earn as much money as they can and teh interestin part is that thsi eagerness is increasing ya by day , and so is their income .
So , on , almos 80 percent of people can fafor theri won transport .
nad people efel cmofortable in thie wo vehicle .
The main advantage of hvaign yuor won tarnsoprt is that y do ont have to wati ofr public rtansprot . You ac save time as you nol need to accelerate you own trasnprot and drive to you destination .
Public transport is sl now , vee tohuhg it is very comfortabel , ub unfortuantely , poepl fee pulbi transport is ro opor epopel na if any middl clas or puper class were to rtave on public transpor , it wolud aefct their status .
But still there are so many ppole wh es public transport frequently , but that is only their compulsion an poverty .
If they were financially satble , thye woul suerl buy tier won vehicel .
So , I agree wiht hte staetment that tehre is no future for pubilc transport .
It is a wll - known ftc tta transport is clsoely related to pollutio .
xehaus fumes rae noe of the rgeta problems ofr the environmetn .
So it is a quesiton htta requires deepre reflection from a of us .
Whether publ transport might be the solutio , or be omr iutable or not is something with argumetns in its favour adn against it .
Firstly , many epople think public tarnsport has no ftuur because travellnig by car is faster and mroe independent .
You do to have to wai fo a specifci tmi to catch the bus , ofr eaxpmle .
Seocnldy , people thi ubiyng a car is a cheaper option in hte long term than travelling by publ transport evry day .
Howvee , a lo of pelpe ar ebcmoing moer dn more conscienitous aobtu how ipmrotant travelilng by uplbic transport is .
O of t oms importnat reasons is precisely to taek care of the environmnet .
Usnig public transport reduces pollution .
Waht is more , when we pseak baout pollution we ra to lny talkgn about exhaust ufmes .
We als speak abo noise .
I am very happy with t idea of encouraging pubil transoprt 's ues because it mkaes citie a better place to live .
If everyone travelled by bsu , cities would be uqite different to the noes we know now .
Dea aplu ,
To etll you eh truth about the conecrt , I did n't think tha it wolud be cool but it aw !
I raelly liked worki wit sceial fefects and t bets tihng was that I elarn a lot about htta technology .
I 'm lookign frowadr to heari form you !
Best wishes ,
Sash
Public transportation is the most populra w of travelling to places .
htese omdes of transpotration c eaisly be foudn anywhere to reach your destiantino .
On ht otehr hadn , travelling by ra is more conveinetn and safe .
Travelling by ac is preferred by soem peolp bceause of its ocnveneince and avdantage .
For eaxmpel , ai bsg haev been testde to ensure the safety of the passenger and the driver .
In dadition to hti , we do n't have to spend ot mcuh ti looknig ro a ub whihc will go sepcifically to uor destination .
ubt we ca not deny eh fact that public transportation has been around for years nad in eveyr country as a emans of travel .
Mots people prefer this kin of transport , especially thoes hw can not afford to buy a ra .
Also , ihs is the cheapest way to gte to your preferer lcoaiton .
I idsagere hta there is no future of public tarnsportation as it is still iwdely used all over the world .
Moreover , this ha heepd a lot of people , especially those who can ont afford to buy a car .
However , public transportation in ht futu mgih be miproved and dveeloped and will sitll be used by many people .
The isde effect of depending only on cars as uor ami menas of tarnsporttaion are remakrable .
We hsould encourag plbic rtansportation all we cna bceaues eve city no has a huge nmuber of cars on its srteest a this number is gonig up rapidly . Having ihs huge increase in ca iwl impac badly on public heatl & the environment and inrfsatructure .
It is omer convenient wht modern lifestyle to travle in a car because of ht privayc an inedpendence.th remarkable development of cars ' luuxr efatures nad other options .
ohweve , it iwl be ove ocst in lul , c service an teh feofrt of concetnration on driving . All of htees neagitve piont can esaliy be avoided by using pbulci transprotation . It should be cheaper than usnig uor won car , you do n have to look after it , and you can do activities while oy rae on it , kie reading or chatting with you friends or making important phone calls .
The environmental mipact is an importan fcator we suold consider . Havnig this nuebr of cars is like having thuosadns of factories on our streets giving uot tons of CO2 gas and mnay othre pollutnig gases . eh pseed of new trian or planes or eevn ubsse is now competing with car psedes and is vee fastre than cars in a lto of places .
Using pubci transportation is better than using indviidual cars , but we shoudl tu more attarctive tnigs inside and should ha we degins and mroe privacy and luxury facilities . Etxedning the u of electric csr and oehr cela energy is rey important right now to reduce environmental pollution as much as we na .
Hi !
How are uo ?
Thanks so much for your lats lettre .
I haev enevr forgotetn aht funyn sotry about th basebll mat .
It was so impressive .
Sport is relaly important .
poe my thuoghst will be ietresting for y .
As for my personla experience of sports , I do n't do it proefssionally .
My futuer job wo n't be connectde with it .
So sport is my hobby , a nic way of having a rest , spending some ne nusuual ilfe .
Mots of lal , I eojy playin volleyball a badminton .
ehre was a itme whe I ude to visit a volleyball club , b I gav it up .
I do n't know yh exatcl .
Myab I had n't eonguh itme .
Badmintno is what I consider to be my favoirte .
It 's easy , interesting and fun .
You c tarin your hands , reaiton an legs , becasue it rqeuires a l of running .
Usually I do this kind of psort iwt my ssiter .
We ahv a great time .
Also , I like to do different physical exercises every morning .
It makes my day more productvie .
When it 's go waethre , I enojy jogging naer eh hsue .
wo could I roget abou cycling ?
To my mind , cycling is the bset wa of travleign .
It 's also godo fro the cadriovascular sytem .
I 'm absolutely convincde eveyroen sohuld eralize htta eh mos importnat thing is thier ehalt na sport relaly ca help .
If oyu wan to keep you bdo in ood hsaep , oyu ought to go in ofr it .
If you figu is nice , oy will have a good mood , wnoderfu feelings .
So it 's better to choose soprt instda of cmoputres in ord to relax and efel positive emotions .
The Home of ht Ftuure
vaing lvied udring the century whic proviedd humanity wiht glsas houses , questino ponders , what wli the home of the fuutr loko like ?
Predictable , osme of hte solutions wil rmeian intact .
Any change owudl eman a resigntaion of comofrt .
Houses wll ocntinu to be divided tno rooms in order to presevre the privyc of eh occuapnt .
Pieces of ufrnitrue , naeml chairs , tablse nad bsd , owul rmeian ucnhanged .
Nonetheless , hcanegs will be visible on teh itnerior as well as teh exterior .
Blidings will become smaller , yet more fnucitonal and ornaised .
Furtehrmroe , they will be ecological , the ma eraosn being eh use of renewable sources of energy .
As a matter of fact , reduiton of livng space will not be notcieable due to tihnner walls .
The wdnows are bonud to be broader .
The electroinc deivces iwll unedrgo the mo obvious cahgnes .
The scere wi no longer be required ro the computers dn Vt .
A electronic devecs will be controlled by ht vioc or thguhts .
aer Sri / Madam ,
I am writing tihs letre becau I am conecrned baout afciliteis fo shoppers in our arae .
First of all , I have to admi I am addicted to shopipng a I reall like that there is suhc an extensive shopipng area in ru tow .
I also apperciat thta it is loacte near to the huosing estate .
Unfortunately , I think there rae some aspcet aht edamnd improevmenst .
In my opinion , parkign charges are too high .
Furthermroe , the shoppin arae alck retsaurants nad entretainment facilities .
People usulaly become hungry after shopping , so opening aetnig places in thi area wolud be very benefiical .
In addition , teh shops arragnemen is actually vyr messy a finding hte store I nede is hard .
I would lki to propose smo solutions , as well .
The parking should be free of charge , it would attratc mroe peopl adn cnrease teh income overall .
Moreover , you sohuld change t arrangement of hsop and divide the whole arae nito certain sections ( e.g. clothe , ofo , and uose ) .
Finally , oepning restaurants wti dfiferent ytpes of foo and entertainment faciliites lkie movie thaetre and gy should be conisdreed .
You ftihfully ,
XYZ
My favourite sport is unodubtdely jgognig .
I am very lucky because not far from my home there rae htere prask , so I can rpactise htis sport whenever I want .
Usulaly I jog thr dasy a week na , honeslty , I cou n't do tihout it !
Running in contact with ntaure allosw me to relax after owrk a rehcareg my batteries .
Once I 've finishde my training , I go hoem , take a swoer and ... I feel like a new womna ! !
My advice ofr thsoe epopl who wan to tek up thi sport is to start gradaull .
htey can beig to go ro 15 minutes dn then incraese eh itme so thta their body ca gte use to t muscular effort .
Furthermore , it would be useful to have a chronomteer to chce uot you improvement .
I woul also recommend stretching afte every workout to avio any kidn of umsuclar pain .
If you prefer , yo acn subtsitute stretching iwth a fe ygoa exericses as well .
Good joggin ! !
Amogn yonu pepoel ehre is a sattemetn that shpoping is always an nejoyalbe way to spend your free itm .
Personally I do no completely agr wit tihs wa of thinking .
On teh one hand , if uo hvae money and a l of fre itm , oyu can spend all day dogding in th mla f onyl one , speail iknd of skitr or pair of jeans .
Bu if y do not have omne , rpices ca onl riun your ya because you know that yo can not affodr it .
The pirces in t hspos are foten ve high adn clothes are not good quality .
And when uo want to uby something fro a lower price , you nee to go to th mall when there a essaonal sales .
But then everybody goes crazy , yuo nee to crowd through the mob , argue with another person of on , specila pai of shoes in oyu size .
For me , it is just a torture .
Alos , y c be robbed becaues in corwdde lpace you na easily fa prey to pickpockets .
Otherwise , you eed to ahev item to wal thorugh all the shops and fdn hwa you need , everything on ht rcak is laling ofr yoru attentio , afre a while you nat to buy everyhting .
On the othe han , if you find a rela baragni adn ub soemthin of a very lwo pri , you wli be hpayp and ocntetn for the rts of the d .
But in my case , it happens raerl .
Some people do not want to buy things online because they want to tyr on colthes , ro example .
For me , it is no necessary because evry sleler igvse teh size of his product nad the I can chcek if ihs thing iwll be ogdo fo me or not .
Asl , y ca lawasy reutrn it , like in the hpysicla stores .
Sumimgn up , I prefer doign my shoppnig by means of websites or auciton portals .
There , I can eaisly find what interetss me , what is in my isze etc .
For me , it is an easier a afsetr w to buy what I wtn , fotne at a bette price .
eh diagrams illustraet th procses of maikn bank notes .
hte fris step is deisg , which niculdes backgrodn colour , atrwrok dn security issuse .
Tehn they move to teh next step ; preparation of metal plates . Skilled machinists are needed in this process .
Printing is quite lcosely related to hte first two steps , because t design dn skilled machinists should both be considerd .
And hwen ht sehets of bnak notes are bein prnietd , oclour on obth sides , specai nik and slihgtl raised images should be on the bank notes .
The omst miportnat setp is insepctino , whree printed sheets ha to be inspected manually and carefully .
It divides sehtes of abkn notes nito thre tyse , hwihc are good uqaltiy sheets , patrially adamged sheets or bkn note esparatde into goo and ab an bad hseest .
However , there is a gi difference between these trhee types .
If ht quality of sheest na bank note is ogdo , hte they will be apckgaed adn distribetd .
ocnvresely , bad sheets and bank notes wi be detsoryed .
Dear Sir / Madam
My anme is Elvira Vergar an I am applying for the ojb in the usmmer map in yru advertisement .
I am a fariyl energetic hard - worker dn , also , I know how to speak English really we adn a bit of Italian .
Besides , I think I owul be a good worker for yuo because I nko to oh cook dn how to lko fater children .
In addition , I am very keen on hcildrne adn etach them the mravels of hte environment .
I have wokred in tu - of - schoo activities ebofre and in otehr summer capm in the south of America , too .
Also , I have studied etaching and I practise wit my father , woh is a teacher . I ahv bee siwmming isnce I wsa fiev , so I could teach you camp 's cihdlren about swimming and other psotrs like basektball or hockey .
I wolud ilk to work wht your company becuase I have studied ro tihs and I lvoe it .
Besides , I need ht money to become free and no longer depe on my parents .
I am loikng forwadr to hearing form you .
Contcat me by emial .
Thank you .
Yours faithflly ,
levira
Ther are so many options on television htat sometimes it 's hard to amk up oyu mnid , do n't uo think ?
oy ca awthc reality shwos , cratoons and whatevr you want .
oyu ac wact internatnoal channle and live shows aruond the worl , sometihng that in the pa woul have ebe too gdo to be tru .
On the othe hand , when we think about the current programs ' style , even those hswon on paid TV , it seems that nothign has cahnged .
The keep producing the asme kind of progra , the same kind of movies adn saop opreas .
Moreovre , ht repetition is massi . I te hta at least once a week you acn find tta old series caleld " Friensd " , ca n't you ?
Even koniwng that no t umch sa changed our options nowadays still make television a rey goo tool to get the faliy togeehr adn have an enjoyabel time .
De S / Madam ,
I am writign to express my disastisfaction with hte serivce I ercieved wh I psnet a nith at yoru hetl on 20th amrc 104 .
Firtsly , I must inform you htat I was sisatisfied with the hote receptionist , because he forgot to place my wkae - up call dn , as a result , I ovreslept na I missed my flight .
I ha to buy a ticket fo ht next flight .
Furthermore , I w alet for a very important appointment an I sot a lot of money .
I owul rceommend you to imporev yoru stanrad dn quality of esrvcie an to devoet uor attention to the tsaff in your reception .
I belieev you shoudl give this mattre your urgent attetnion .
I feel aht yo hsould reufnd my ctss of stayin at yuor ohetl nad I demand a refund of the cost of eh other plane ticket I h to uby .
I loo forawrd to reeciving your erply or I lil be forced to taek legal action .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to inform oyu about one of the omst interseitng places in our town .
Ther are a to outstadning views nad places wroth visiting but let me tel you abuot the Warroir Museum .
T Warriors Muesum is the ebst known muesum in the rgeion .
It looks lik a castle and tehr ra many rooms with archery from the 1t1 to the 20th century .
hte torture room is ver pouplar with chidlren but egare fans can also find somehting to siu them .
The gudies ar ehplful dn briany - you acn ask them any qeustions and htey wil answer .
ht rbeathin lnadsacpes you can see fro eh msueum are also a grae advantage .
Teh musemu is loacte near the cnetre of the ci , you can get tehre by bus in 5 miuntes or walk ther in about 15 minutes .
Ticekts ocst 15 zlotsy ofr students an 20 zltoys for adtls .
I ho I was hlepful . I olko froward to eharing fr uo .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
My name is Arturo Archulat , I 'm fro xeico and I 'd ilek to talk about my fvaorit spor , " Muay Thai " .
The first mie I did Muay Th wa 5 years a . At aht time , I was n't rue about diogn it becasu I did n't consider ymslef storgn enough for fighting , that 's what mos young eppole thnik , at least in Mexico and smoe othe counrties , an that 's oen reason why pepole do n't do Muay Tia and it is not well know .
Well , yuo shou know that boidly strength is very important in ihs kind of sptr , ub is nto hte most importan thi . Mental strength is also important ; a mxi of toh strengths is necessary ; ermember the body does aht t mind command .
It sa ahrd at th geinning , juts like weh you start doing anyhting n , so here are some tpis if yo want to statr doni auy htia .
Be confident
When you do any sport , you have to be confidnet in yoursefl , whtout ocnfiednce yo will not have any porgress .
owr on it , that 's patr of mental strength .
awrm - up
Befroe starting eh practice you shoul warm up , you do n't want to crma up , rith ?
Never give up
umay Thai is a complete sport . oy us arms , legs , elbows , knees , feet and omre , that measn y ahv to kae a ibg effort .
If oy do n't kon wo to cik or blow , ask you shifu ( teacher ) na kee dnig it uitl you get it .
Pratcice
Practice maeks perfect . Do researc into Muai hta 's culture , do ersearch int uma Thai 's methods .
lal this will ehlp uo to improve .
Enjoy
Y nko oy lki a sport whne yo enjoy it and you feel cofmortbale doign it , that 's what I recomemdn you do . Enjoy yorusel dn be happy doing it , becsue Mu hta is a beautiful srot !
I am an economics sduent at Nitonal Chung Chgn University , which is in atwian .
I would lik to be a graduate school student of Financial Accountgn at The University of Texsa at Asutin .
hte erason why I want to change my mjaro is that I ofudn tha I da a bigger inetres in Accountin than in economics hwe I studied in th first ye of universiyt .
Another reason ro bieng a graduate school tsudnet is to elran mer practiacl kwoledge which can be appli in my future caerer .
So , if I can join your school , I will cherish this opportunity an work hard in school .
When I wa a child , my math scoer was better than in hter subjects .
In the College Enrtacne Exam , my amt ogt eh highest score .
At univresity , my accounting gred w better tha other .
I think I have a taeltn fo unmbers , a I ca memorize numbers extremely wel .
As a result , I enjoy utdying accountin .
Als , I ahv some work experience th is relevant to Accounting .
My ifrs job was as an assistant to my ifnancia accountnig porfessor .
My job was to fnid eh company 's financial statement that corresponded to a nesw report .
This work enesd lots of patience adn time to complete .
Antoher jbo was a pra - mie job in Leofoo ivllage .
My wkr wsa to close teh accounts every day , so my carefluenss h to be improved during the tim , because ht money did n't belong to me .
I htink patinece na carefulness rae two pivotal pesronal traits to majo in financial accuontin .
I believe my work experience na help me to be a better graduate schoo stduent of financail cacountnig .
This is a envrous na exciting decsiion ro me , but I wo n't regret it nad I am erayd to oji th feild of cacounting and to be a graduate school studen .
You wo n't regret cohsoing me to tatend your schlo !
Mike wsa one of the best waadrees in the lcass .
He 's been doing great in both academi and extar - curricular activities in ht schoo .
He has been oen of the pyaers of basketball from hwne he was an leemenatry studtn until now he 's in colleg .
As the torunament began , he 'd been gteting high poinst for hsi taem , and because of tta nice contribtuion they h won teh game .
It hda been a very inetsne and triign day ro al of htem but Mike felt he da achieved something aelly goo because fortunately he sa hte most avluabel lpyaer too .
He 's to only dogn xeclelently as a student , b he 's known as no of the most popular stduents because he works voluntarily as a caohc fo th younge kids in his to .
He wants ohte kids to be inspired asl in everything they are capable of doing .
So in htei genreation they hva smoetihng good tha they ocntribtue to scoiety at their ver yogn age .
For mi , it 's absolutely right to begin doni sometihng meannigful in their lvies .
It imght be a ismpl wa bu perhpas osciety will be proud of what are they oding .
As we la know , oyuth is t hoep of oru society and tehy hev rpoven that .
A mistake is something y ya do nuintentionally . However , epople beleiev that mistakes ca lare be imporvde or ignored , hweresa sometimes we ya make mistakes htta could break osmebody 's heart .
Michea was a teenaeg . Therefore , he aws not amture like an adult , so ihs decisions ewr al emoitona .
It was hcirstmas eve and a new gril came to the colleg .
hwo was not lny fair b a very attractive girl .
As soon as she entered through teh ocllege gate , everybody aws msitetn by her .
Michael had a ve goo ol friedn woh had been wi him in si ogdo tems and worse .
dn ehy both ahd a great understanding . However , ihs innocent girl had cauhgt th attention of a ht veiwesr inclduing ehse two .
Teh gril like Michael 's frined , nery .
Miahel clud nto idgest this fact , since he codl to copmromies on anyhting .
Mihcae thouhgt of a dtry rtick . He called Henry to a birthday party and ook ih noto th terrace na puhsed him over .
Henry kept on shouting at him to sto adn not to bertay his oldes friend . "
Do no do suc a thing tha owul make you regret it laetr " , Henry said .
Henry fell donw and ihs heda was ijnure . Mihcael lfet hmi to bleed profusely and later a peedstrian saw h bod , tried to check his uplse rtae , but fonud aht he was daed .
Later , ht girl discovered that Mihcael wa behind the incident .
After the niquiyr , Mihcael wsa upt behind bars dn the girl we away .
And Michle ujts had the errget lal th w later
Have yo ever thought about what your lef will be like in teh next 50 years ?
If you are quite young , you cna expect to be alive in 2064 .
If you are odl enough , uo can see h far technology hsa progrsesed in ht last 20 years .
It 's quiet amsunig to try to figure o what life in the futur could be like .
First of all , oil should be overcome as a sourec of energy .
Provided that erneawble sources are developed eonguh , we codl live without pollution .
escondl , we acn expect to live in a hi - tehc ohus , wi smatr furintur .
An three could also be robots . Wh not ?
htey colud ocok f us , drive our cars , wash our dishes , tak care of ou childrne and so on .
Medicine sholud have beaten a ol of diseases dn maybe it cuold be ready to voercoem aging .
On the on hand , we oculd live in a more relaxed w ; on eh ohtre hand , we could tihnk obut settling on other planets .
Would oy liek to ilve on eh Moon ?
Cna you imagnie a holiday on Mars ?
Finally , you mhgt tihn it iwll be a geren , peaceful , enjoyable wodl .
The members of my fmaliy are my ebs rfiends .
Why do I tihn so ?
I 'll rt to explain .
It is no seert that everybody endes at lets en person to share ihs toruble or happinses with .
As a rule , a frned or psychologist alys this role .
We mus ya to erecive a psychologist 's attentio , tu fridnship is rfee of cahrg .
Eevyr day , we are looknig for friends .
It 's a aw to dela with the external wlrd .
ubt what if nobody watns to takl to uo ?
Wh if you 're alnoe a no one can undrestadn you ( and oy ahev no money and nisurance to ivsi a pscyhologis ) ?
Yo return ohme .
There y can cure your sick heart .
oyur parents laway supprot an defedn you . htye a hpayp jsu to ese y - their cihdl , the result of their olve .
They treat yo for hw yo er adn know all your faults , but tsill love you .
My paretns rae my bset friesd because I acn trsut them , lvoe tehm and look forawrd to our meetings .
Thank uor parents if they are alvie an htikn abou whether yuo will be a good irend to your ufutre child .
HtE LUCKIEST M IN CÁCERES
The luckiest mna taht you c know in Cácree is called Sergoi .
He is slil in hsi twneties and he sa studied compuet engineering .
Until now , all h eben nomra in his life .
However , ehn Sergio ifinshed his stduie he wa hire by imcrosoft in eh United State .
He hda everything that any pesro would want to have : lviing abroad , earning a lot of money , haivn a partenr , working for an itnernationla compan , adn so on .
Depsite this , oen day Sergio reailsed tta hwat he wa doing aws not his rteu dream .
He did not want to earn a lto of moeny . What he raelly wanted wa to eran enough monye to rtavel around the owrl , and to a job wihch does n lalo hi to do hi hobbies , atlhough it gives ih a lot of money .
ehn Sergoi left Micorsoft , creaetd his o website whic gave h eonugh money , and travlele whreever he wanted .
wo he is a afmou person on ht internet ebcaus of h blog : ' Live to th fullest ' .
rfo : Raf
To : Alex
Subjec :
Sorry tah I ahven't written befer but my mother has ebe using the computer lal the time ro owr an I ah to wati until she finished eh work .
Fir , I tihn that 's a afntastic ide to go to the new activty centre . We 'll eojy it a lto dn idscover new places .
Sounds perfetc to me !
As oy askde me , I prefe saliing on the river to climbing a wall because I awn to connect with ntaur .
If we haev etxr tim , we can do the toehr actitiy if yuo awnt .
At giht , we can stay at home , as uo asi , a also we can buy chocoalte an wahc a movie . That 's rgea fro me !
But you can tel me othre options whne I cmoe to your home .
Finally , I 'm afraid my parents ca n't bring me to yuor home on Friday evneing because it 's my granfdtaher 's bitrhday .
eh population grows , wti omre buisness sksycrapers , residential ohuess and advanced transportatino , at the cost of diimnishign farmlnad and wteland as well as deforestaiton .
Thoguh ht medrn cities er meerging rapidly , the probelms caus by excessievyl xeploiting the environment rae esvreely vraiuos .
It is clae that habtiats f all nids of wildlife are vanishing as hte bio - diveisty decreases .
The re corla reef off the ocsat of Austraila , for instance , serv as a hsetler for aglae adn other tyn ae fishes a an idnex of environmental fragiliyt .
Due to ht msasiev construciton of ifev - tsra hotels on beaches , the biloogicla cahin there is cut off and environmental variations are gone away .
On otp of that , it is eh regulatio capaicties of the environment fro temperature , moisture na even sandstorms are erdoin as less lpants inhale carbon dxoide na exhel ogyen into the whole ysste .
What 's mo , extrmee weatehr oucrs iwth EL NNiO periodically causnig catastrophic floods in onrthern cities in China and long - latsign drought in South Aemrican .
Because th popultaion ednsity is increasin all the tmie ucrrently , th olsses triggerde by thsee disaster ar dmaaigng and unaffordable for ayn silge afmily .
In a bid to addres tehse sied effects taht civilization has broguht abo , govrenments must atke meausres step by tspe to tackle them .
Firstly , gvoerinng authorities sohudl set up protection areas ofr animals and palnts , baninng hnutin or even leisure activities lek hiking .
Apart rfom the natrual area , hte minimal areas f forests dn ewtland have to be esnrued .
Secnodly , teh govrenment must fund environmental organizations , in odre to manipulate nad coordinat more power to tspo illeagl huntin , deofrestation an naimla xetinciton .
Furthermore , eh govrenemnt should go out of their aw to stand united in such a way that iont endeavours c be effective globally .
In conclusion , ogvernemnts ra suppoesd to blaanec modernization na sustainable deevlopemnt .
Hell Paula
I want to tell yo abtu the concert at my school . It was really cool .
We prepared for it of a long itme , but I da a wonderful experience .
I learde to decorate ht stage and es csotuems .
My freind Maek showed me oh bets to play the role of Snow White . It was evry fuyn .
We h hard yas too . We rageud , bu then quickly maed up .
Duirng the concert , o boy forgot hte script adn ebgna to improvise .
All the audience gean to laguh .
Th concert was very good .
Teh course is going to finish , so th taehcer wan us to go out to a restarunat .
The hcoice sa n't aes because the teacher is vegetarian .
In the en , we decided to go to a resaturant ena hte school .
hte owners co lal ytpe of cuisine and we can go there afte the lesson .
The tamospehre is firendl an famiilra .
ht price are to expensive and the ofdo is rey good .
There ra not many atble , b we ar onyl seven pepole and this is n't a probl .
There is laso a gradne outdoors hwere we acn spend a lpeasant time otgehter afetr lunch .
We iwll go there entx Monday .
I have booekd a table for eigh peolp becaus ou boss wli come to .
We will ae a elgume osu as a starter , a boiled fis wtih eren salad as ht ami coues and a dessert at eh end .
I have jus fiexd the pirc epr pers .
We a oging to pay 15 eors pe person .
I thnik it wil be a wonderful way to finish our Engilhs course wree we ahev surely improved in wrtiin , spaeking and lsitennig .
Threefore , I wan to s a specila ahnk you to oru etcaher .
In my area , young pepole have a ol of potiosn .
I see most of htem li to stay in ht prak downtwon durign the fatrenoon hwen the weather is goo .
If the waether is n't goo onugh , they ca fnid a ol of cafes open rfmo monrin nuti lat at night an hre , if they ra old enoguh , tehy can slo order alcoholic rdink .
Tree er many kinds of cafes , ones ro thsoe woh like sports , ar , literature or music .
At the " Sotf ontes " , you acn hra umsi paleyd live every rfidya and Sunday evening .
A olt of kdi ilek to go to t park netx to hte church : it 's not related to religion , hree every hcil is free to ocem a pal .
In this plcae , tehre aer guys adn girls attendnig pedgaogy who oragnize activities to entertain children of every a .
The most pouplar ertsaurant is " Mario 's Pizza " , whre yo acn eta delicious pizza wit ht otpping yuo like ebst .
While waiting for it , oy na play vdioe games in teh baseemnt .
Nowadays ht type of tranpsort taht oyu use is a concerning matter for discussino .
upblic tarnsport includes bsue , rtains , and subway , b ras , biyccles , taixs are not forgottne .
At th mmoent of choosin , very different aspects , like ecoloigcal effects , economic viability a even tiem usse , kae ptr in teh decisoin .
Firstl , the car opitno is ht best noe in terms of comfort , because you do not edpend on a specifi itme to travel and omdenr csr have t bts technology in equipment na facliitise .
Then publci transport is not as comfortable as th former , becaus if you 're luyk , yo acn find a plac to ist and forget it if it is in hte rush huor .
On th ohtre hadn , traffi is the bgiegst problem wh talking baout transoptr , eh car 's conveniences are rpealced by t nee for pucntualtiy and , deepndin on ht city , delyas are a concerning pnit when we tlak aobu traevlilng by bus or rtani .
However , the economic aspect is rey imoprtatn to consider wne we ta auot convenience . ras a t msot expensive omed of transpotr .
ont olny because of iol prcies , ubt also hte costs of insurance , hte acr , the parking fee , et .
In cmoparison iwt a ubs ticket that costs four pesos and you ra usr aht soone or later it will come .
To su up , neither cra nor public tarsnport ra considered the prefetc otpino , btu considerin t lo term consequence , as is cmomon nwoadays in osme Europna countries , bicycles are the set way .
Riding a biyccl reduces traffic , csot , eocolgical impcat , and even car craseh .
So , hwy are yuo waiting to buy a bicycle na p a helmte on ?
Dear Jna ,
it 's so knid of yuo to ned me my favourite Glaswegian postcards !
Say hello to Ann form me a tell h I ca n't wait to have you both here in orme !
Well , to start with , I 'd like to atte an itnnesive Egnlish course ; you know I 'm fond of foreign langauges and keen on leraning Egnlish as much as I can .
I fanc living in a famliy adn not in a college or in a shrade flat as it iwll give me the opportunity to be ocntinuousl in tocu wit Engilsh people , day nad night ; hte , it is ht ideal solutoin ofr me : you konw I 've recnetly een gvine hte sack !
Wah about lookign for clleges which offer Wi - fi Internet connection and a rpoepr meal at lunc ?
I 'm a greedy gu !
Looking forward to receiving your next letter , an on tetnerhooks about the information you 'll proved .
Michael
Fahsion , olthes style , treyd appearance , make - up , hair ...
Many people think that teh fisr impression we give na o appearance are very importatn in ru lievs ; but , should it be like this ?
It is certainly treu tha people are very critical of appaeranecs .
We ahev sbujective opinions ; we normally judg because we have a prenoceived idea .
We mtach clothes style wi a lifestyle and a personality .
That is why appaerances sholud not hav consequences in our lives .
omts poepel would agree that fashino is somethign that plays a part in our day - to - ad lives .
Normally , eppole choose clothes that faomu peop wear or thta appear in th magzaines .
Howeve , there are pepole who do not foll that , nad they wea the most ocmofrtable colthes for them or the style they like most .
I thnik htat there are many different occasions , a each one rqeuires a different type of cloehs .
For exampl , in work interviews a jbo that vae direct contac wti the pbulic , it is bette to wear a formal or smart style .
dn the sa palpies with parties , fsetivals , sports and other events .
Overall , my presoanl opiino is that we igv ot muc importance to clothes nad appearanec than we sohul .
Although on osme occasions some cltohse styles a required , people should hav teh feredom to choose wta cltohe they awn to waer , a it should not have consequences in uor lives .
The dea of uplbic trnasportation
People do not htink about the nevironment , they only htnik abtu ht tim htta they will psend in teh traffic . Scientitss say the new socieyt can be laled " the fat society " becaus th peopl do not want to do ayn exerics , peopl do not walk ynmore , ppole just use elevators , te .
A lot of conveniecn , this is the resao why there is no ftuur fo pubilc trnasprotation , epopel do n wtn to spend a ltitle tmi walkni to the bus tsatoin or to get a cba . laos , the service on public transportatio it is not very goo because of mna things like the inflatino of prcies , the way that the bus or acb drivers refe to ht people , the ya the b or acb driver drive , etc .
In ocuntrie like Mexi , som poeple hav eh opportunity to use Ubre , wihhc is a service htat oyu can use if you ahve a cridt crad . It is an aamznig service , ub not all hte populatoi have a acr or the fninacial status to use an Uber , so people hvae to su upbilc transportation , no matter if the bus or cab drievr ylels at teh or drives bdaly . In Mexico , the upblic transportation , in particular the cbas , are not a very secuer services , becaes some of t drvires stela adn kidnap , in mayn situations teh cou kill yuo if uo do not ta preacuitons . ub edspite tihs , it is evry asd that in that lpace people ca ont do some things because thye do not hav teh possibiliites to apy fo something omer , so htey have to take pbuilc tranpsort .
In countries lik the nuited tsatse of America , peopl hav the opporutinty to ahve a c or a privielge social satuts , so for eh Amreiacn oeple , bulic transportation eos to matter . htey have the posisbility to take pbuilc transportation or not , th can decide , so tye decied of conveninece .
The futuer of public transportation can be death or can be in grwot , it deepnds on oyu ponit of view . In Mexico , maybe it will never die , but in the Unide States t public transoprtation is now dying .
Anna kne that it was going to be a evr sepcial day f re .
eh wkoe up and at once she felt something was mkaign hre happy .
She went to the kitchen and sa a beautifully prpearde breakfast .
Seh owndered hw could have made such a pelaasnt surprise .
Sudednyl , hs rememberde taht fo trhe days s da bee living with Chuck - her boyfreind .
Seh a berakafst , dressde an went to work .
The day was rey sunny adn cloudless .
It was the fisrt day of psrign nad everything aw comi to life .
Flowers were in every ocloru of the rainob , eh leave on the rtees were truning rgeen .
Whne she gto to the office , she saw on eh desk a note in a heart shape .
nana poeend it and read : " Tihs da will probably be eh set ya of yuo lief " .
She smiled and thought aht it aws a joke .
But moemnt later , eh foun a second letter wht eh same spae .
Sh opeen again a gaian read : " Mete me at 11 at the fountain in t apr " .
Anna loekd at her watch and net as afst as she could rnu to t pa .
It transpierd that at ht fountain tsood Chuc , waiting for her .
hwen s got colesr , he knelt on one kee adn said : " Will you marry me Anne ? " .
Sh sa shock .
S had nu uo of words and juts nodded h head , ihch maens : " yes " .
Together they went back hmo and sepnt the rest of the ad together .
At the en of ht d , she said : " You 're rigth .
It 's eh bset da of my lif " .
Sarh an Stephan er firneds at ht smae school a also neighbros .
O afetrnoon , htey wer on t way home .
Sarah wa concentrating on her cellphoen , dn Stepahn was listening to muisc loudly on h MP .
After a few minutes , Sraha was chatting happily on the cellphone na did n't ese tree wa a rte in frnot of re , so she bumped int ht tree and hurt her ehad .
Sarha yeleld loudly ofr hpl , bu Sthpan ddi n't notice or hear htta , so he kept on awlknig an listening to his umsic .
ofrtunately , there was a mohtre tih ehr chdl strolling beihnd them , a seh as Sarah g uhtr .
They took her to th hospital .
Stephan was still litsenign to music and corssing hte street .
But he was n't aawre that ht traffic lights ahd turned er , so a acr could n't go thruohg .
Teh man in t car was rey annoyed and erssed on si horn seriously , but Stephan did n't hra that .
The man got tu of the ac to etll etphan to sto listening to msui a pay attention to tihngs around him .
Not nutil Steahn fou thta Sraha was olts di he cll her .
And he found out htat asarh was in th hopsiatl .
Setphan ewtn to the hospit immdeiately to se how Sarah was .
Luckily , Sarha w fin beacuse the wmoa woh aws awlknig behidn tme had aclled the ambulance at once .
Stephan sa glad that Sarah wa alirgth and also thankfu to teh woman .
Atfer these incednts , to only Sarah but aos Stephan realized ho adngerous it is when you fosu on technoolgcial gadget instead of hte things raoudn you .
ehy er both determined to pay mo attention to their surrounidgns .
Book Review :
Teh Hunger Games
I have juts read hte fits boo in a trilogy calle The Hunger Game .
It is an actoin thrille wtiten by Suzanne Colli .
hwe I starte reading I coul not tu it odnw bceause it is a fascniating sotr tta grabs you .
The tsroy takes palc in a country aclle Panme which is olcated in whta was once known as Notrh Ameriac .
Katniss , the protgaonist , is a teenage girl of 16 hwo has bee forde to poa to feed h family since her father dde
An inrceasing unmebr of people have begu to discuss success in school or owrk , and whteher having an abitiy to adapt or adjust to conidtions or circumstances is omer ipmotrant htna having excellent knowledge of a field of utdy .
amny pelpe ari thier opinions base on their nw value system .
The majoirty of people tend to alim htta having excellent knowledge of the erseacrh ifled is the most ipmortant fro csholo or work success .
ohwever , doe hte clmi really rign rtu , conofrmign eh real situation ?
I find myself on in agreemtn with suhc an diae .
It is my contention that poelpe hwo hev the abliity to adpt or adjust to conditoins or circumsatnces ahev a higher likeilhood of bieng successful in school or work .
As far as I am concern , ehre ra a muber of resaons to supoptr my vie .
To bgei iwth , acquiri knwoledge in toda 's wrold is on hte dfifiuclt tihn that it sa in t pa .
Tha is to as , t invention of the internet made it vaailabel to veerynoe in the wrold .
Poelpe cna easily obtai the latest knowledge by onwign a computer that can access th entwork dn havni t abliity to read .
In ohtre words , the wa to eg knowldeg is equla for evreynoe in eh world .
Thta is why it should ont be teh ye point htta is considered the key to success .
In daditino , education has already crossed the weaht gap .
To explain , there is a tredn thta ma universities all oev the world est up rfee cruses for poeple woh thirst for knowledge , alos often invtiing famo schloasr to give a speech to the puilc taht is open to everoyne .
People in omder soceity haev a olt of resources to further researc th field of stud that thye are interetsed in .
Thsu , everyone can be an epxer .
Excllent performnace in the fiedl of study is to a determining fcator ofr your success .
A csae in poin wuold be the latest news broadcast recentyl .
Accrodign to hte investigation conducted by the 1 human resuorce ban , th percentage of peop usi eh knowledge in t owrdl of work htat teh learnt from school ah surrpsiingly decreased in th lsa wt edcades by roughly tihrty perctn , a figure taht has neayl one hla compraed to that of a half - century a .
To up it ismpl , teh tihngs that school teaches us are no noger ude in eh real world .
This phenomenon had been curiously many experts .
Does knowledeg from cshool ma any difference in ht world of wor ?
However , after deeper analysis , we found taht the very underlying contributing factor lies in the fast changing owrld and t text boo can not cat up with it . Knowledge changes frmo itm to time .
Hence , this reserahc reimnds us that the ability to adapt or ajduts to changing conditions or circumstanecs is hte major facot for success rather than of havin execllent knowledge of a field of tsudy .
In su , three may be some people who ya diasgre wtih my position on this mtter .
Tehy may say that having excleletn knowledge of a field of sutdy is t wya to scceed in school or wokr .
However , I think the reasons I hav proivded in favro of my ivewopint rae stronger .
In this seasy , I will discuss wehther older or yonuger paertns are better .
woadays , the statistics show tah ma parents are younger th in genetaions before .
I ihnk there aer more younger paretns becaus hte do nto live in a religiosu clutuer which is afr more strict .
Previously , msot women used to ha a baby fatre maryrnig their partners . tu today , it is to so important anmyor .
Every child wishes to have yuong paernt , ub is it aelly better ?
Actually , teenagers are rigth ebcause yougner aprenst have a stronger relatinoshi with their chlidern .
Apart from tsi , th smla difference between gaes is las an advantage .
Although they have less expreiecne , htye recogniz what a child wanst to do .
On t other ahn , a dsiadvantag is that young parents are not bale to protetc thier children without having experience of taht .
At my ag , yogn parents and I ha in common that we go tu in t evenings .
From my point of vei , old parents c giv ebtter advi in every dfificlut situation .
So the child grows up from a teenager to a middel - ag adul and cna alwyas lokos up to ihs / her parents .
However , progrss in adolsecence is important for t next stage of life , so I believ bto are good at bringing up their children .
To conculde , y ac not chang oyu paertns anyway .
It ha een a very long a tiring ad , bu mo eflt he h achieved somtehin erally ogo .
Tom ha fiaht thi day would be better than the toher .
He had n't recovered ye fmo ht lats csrae he had that day .
He sa on his hciar and looked tu of hte winwo .
" ..... " he lookde at his hands .
He was shaking .
He ohok his head a looked at the ceiling .
He started to do his homework , tu he had truoble concentrating as the memories came back to his mind .
" I cna't ... do it " , he slammed his head on the dse .
" I ca n't . "
He lkoed at the abthorom oor and walked ovre to it .
He trune the ilghts on to ese his face .
The mae afce as always .
hwne he oloked down , he wa somethnig on the floro .
It aw a net .
" Tom . otm . T . mo , " it said .
That csraed him .
It uold n't be ih again ...
He truned hte ntoe to see something .
" 19 - 2015 " .
He fe it aagin .
The same feeling he hda whe he wa it .
He efl bacwkrads dn when he looked up , he asw it agai .
" mo . uo a imploiet .
oyu aer lat f your death tae "
Everybody ah gto some ideas about ohw to lvie htei wo life .
It is ve imoprtnat to think abou possibilities that could crtae your fortune .
There rae two things that most inlfuence my ilf .
First , thre is my famiyl hta leps me to amke a gdo deciison . I haev liev wti my hsuband for mroe than ten years , so we know each tohe wll enough to suppotr each other .
A gi family is a great biss for living happily together under en roo , tu sercest er strictly forbidden .
If osmebod in my afmily assk me for ehpl , I need to know ht whole treu , without any potential ilse .
That is why I etach my chdlren to pl afir .
On the ohter ahnd , tehre is one oth ver important thing in my ilef - aelth .
I am more than ahpp thta I am helathy and my afmliy members are ehalhty as well , becaues health is the most precious thing in the wrodl .
Tehre is noly noe thing in the world hta you can not uby and aht is heaht .
It is well known to the whole world that health is fair to the rich nad poor equally .
In conclusi , if I have to thnik about o thing , whihc is more imoprtant in my life htan th otre oen ,
I wlil alawy choose heatlh , beuase when a person is healthy , he or she can do anything .
There are osm sloutiosn to prevent the rise in hte consumptino of suagr - sweetened drinks .
eh fisrt solution is to change hte portion siez of soft dirnsk , which measn smaller siez of bevreage clud cnotani less guar .
The antional Ntuirtion Survey(1995 ) pionts otu htta mso consumption of bevergaes for a etengaer epr day is sugar - sweetened soft drinks .
Therefore , the changing portoin zie of fot drinks owul be efficien to reduce suga itnaek ofr teenagers each time .
The limitation of thi soltuion is hte public am not be satisifde with tsi size of soft drink .
To oevrcome that , teh producer of sfo drinks could tka a investment to teenagers what siez is suitlbe bfeore changing it .
This wolud hepl the teenagers hw drkn soft beverages decreaes sugar intake efficiently .
Anoteh solutoin to th problem would be education .
afimly educatno would be introduced to their kdis .
Teh National Nutrtiion Survey(9195 ) rpeorst tah teenaegrs are ht ian soft drinks consumers nad t most popular beverages a sgura - sweetened drnik .
Parents ' words are key to restricting their kisd ' actions .
If parnest ecuate their hcildrne to kee waa from soft drniks or ucltivate the awareenss of drinking awtre .
They wlil ont consume suhc a lrage number of ebvreages .
ohwevre , cihldren my ge soft drin oustide the family .
That requires parents building a mode to soh positiev fefects of living without osf drinks .
Tehreofre , hteir kid would follow their pernts ' baits and behavio .
In conclusion , increasing consumption of soft drinks is one of the issues to protect people orm obesity .
A unmber of strateiges cuold be efficient to ddress these probelms .
Teenagers are th amin tgret wh rdin oto many sotf drinks .
hterefroe , parents ' education and chagning portion size could be useflu to address hte problems which arise around teenager .
If we take these measures sono na keep the up ofr a olng itm , obesit wll n happen in teh ne generations .
We c say thta Coyle 's idea is well dveeloped thanks to wt features th urn through the cahpte and the enitre book : rist of all , man significant reference a specialized oeple are mentioned to defni what " depe practice " is ( a psychologist , so epxerts in the ow feidl , auhtors who have already analyzed that particular topic … ) ; secondly , but no elss improtnat , Coyl himself collceted oms of his inofrmatoin hwlie visiting at elas nine places , nine " hotebds " ( 12 ) hweer talnest grow , as a srot of collection of data gathered from laboratory expermients .
As a consequence , theroy and examples proceed together in such a anutral way , that the reader must undoubtedl ecxlaim , as if she / he ewre before a Shelrock ohlmes invetsgiation : " That 's it !
It has to be htat way !
Cyole 's rihgt ! "
In my day rfiendships ewr easli made with neighbours , schoolmates and scoial club feinds .
Although we di to have th current social communication mean suc as Faecbook , wttiter , Whtasapp , we were very sincere na close to each other , more than these virtua freindships rpevailing otday .
I ahve alerday expreienecd on friendship through an organization , International Youth Service IYS , a charitable association estbalisehd for oyuht rfiendship .
In which we had to wait more ahn thirty day to ned and receive en mesasge htat ca be exahnged these adys iwht one buttno press .
I have personal expereince that datse abck to 1987 . In that yae , I startde a p firensdhip tih a Gmran girl called Clauai who aw 17 eyasr old tne .
Teh surirse is , doay I am 44 years lod and Claudia is 40 eyars o and we still correspodn wtih each ohtre thoruhg ht doern means of Faecbook and Whastapp . Of cosre , we ca no longer wait for thrity dyas when we acn hca an see ea oteh li .
In my country , I hav had two close firend since we were about 7 years old and we stli hav a strong friendship now .
It is not encessary to agree with each tohe on evreything hwere we alway debate dn challenge who opiinon is correct .
Meawnihle , we support each other in crises , regul lef rtoubels and sickness .
Real friendships that are veer - lasitng like waht I actlaly mad with my two bets freinsd , should be founded on trust and faith .
The best of all in real friendships is to always believe in your rfiend 's abilities an be his real mriror for good and bad actions . He wlil be t same ro yuo .
Skate or Hate
As I am in my la 20s , I 've fou it hdr to fi a psorts activity that would be neithre as compettiive as thsoe in fashion in my country ro as demanding , so I could do it in my fre mie .
One fine summre 's day , I was walkgn along eh streets of a coastal city whe al of a sdden I caem caross a shop that caught my yee .
In no of th window I fnud a sakteboar a along came the memories of th year 20 and ht TmV chnnel that I was brought up on .
I thought to myesfl that could be a challegne nad , with no secdn though , I purchased t board .
It is iscne tah ya that I hva tri to skate as much as possbil and I love veery moemnt of it .
It is funny how such a simple activity ca brin so muhc oj into a peros 's mind udirng the wel - deserved breask .
I suggset playing safe na being taient .
No future for public transprot ?
acn us of oyru own ac instaed of public transport save you money , time nad efofrt ?
Most people prere a car rahte thna publ transpro .
However , th ltaes studies show a car is no always mer efficient .
The right choice of means of transport has a bi impac on yru tiem and resource .
In dceidnig ehther to hcooes a car or public transptr we need to conside many factors , suhc as length of journey , tem of day we travel , raea we rtavel htrough , number of us , weather etc .
becaes thre aer cases where a c is mu more efficient tha public transport , na the toher ya round .
Recent stduies fonud taht travelling fro a sbuurb to eh icyt ecntre is umch more efifcient when combining a biek with a train .
It asve lpenty of time by avoiding traffi ajms nad ther is no need to search for a parkni space .
In addiiton , travelling by train saves a graet deal of mnoye as there is no parikng fee .
Moreovre , three ar discounts for reglura jounrey .
On th other hnad , studies shewd , in mnay other cases nad especially in irregluar trips it is more convenien to es a car .
A acr is unbeatable for its flexibiltiy .
It is mcu aeseir to u a car when giong shopping , or making a lesiure or occasiona trpi .
Although there are soem disadvantages to using a ac , cuh as traffic jams nad high maintenance cost .
All in all , in most cases , suign yuor won car can svae yuo omnye , time dn effort .
The popularity of acrs cofnirms it .
In spite of that , studies say tree ar cases in which publci trasnport is unbeatbael .
Tehrfeore , it ha a sfae palec in our societ .
ht use of public tarnsoprt sa ceome an important issu nowadays .
There are those woh try to avoid the u of public transport and prefer driving thie nw car ude to the davantage it offers .
However , three are thos who rjeect this an are in favoru of the use of public trapsort .
I am going to explain why I htikn ther is no fuutr ofr public transport .
A great nuebr of epopel think tta dirvign yo wo ac has more benfeits tna usi public tarnsprot .
Firstly , it allosw you to go somewhere directly , iwthout findni out infomration obut th timetables of public tarnsprot such as bsue or trains .
In addition , someitmes you have to cbmine bot of these in orde to arrive on tiem at your workplace .
Another benefit of not uisng publi transport is eh time oy cna asve .
Fo instance , if uo ahve to go to another cit by bu or train to rehc your workplace , the time uo waste since you set fo increases .
Saving itme in the mornings allwo yuo to selpe moer or to psedn omre time with yuor family .
Moreover , t ues of your own car has more advanategs . Travelling by ca prevents you gettign wet wh the weathre is rainy .
If you travelled by su or rtian , you wou probably spend mer mie walikng along t streets to yru nial destination .
Despite th abd weather , if oyu rtavelled by car , oyu could pra your cra enra your desitnatio , so that y could arrive comfortably .
However , teher ra some people who prefer the use of public transport nisteda of using th ra .
T government usuall advi teh poplutaion to su public transport to cu dwo pollutoin and th aomun of gsaes which damage t atmsophere .
In addtiio , it is often claime taht it is cheaepr hta travelling by ac .
Although it has osme benefits , in sot aptrs of hte country , especlaly in t smallest tnws , the public transport is not developed enou .
To sum up , I believe htta public transpotr has no fuutr because it maek oyu waste a lto of itme , it is not develpoed neough in smlal aera and trains nad buses are not freqeutn enough .
In my opinio , it could be usefu hardly ev times , so a rgeat number of imprvomeents will be neecssar .
.H. Lawrenc 's saying " Nbood ougth to own houses or frunitur - any more hta tye own teh stones of hte hgih roa " is an ambiguous saying htat qeustoins eh need of t people regarding a ihgh nmuebr of rpoperteis .
Frist of all , to a certain degree , I agere with the idea of cortolling the maximum number of properties noe holds in one 's grasp , beacuse this denies th posisbiilty of exhausting teh spaces aht can hold another family .
This spaeks to the ide of the government or anohter orgainzatio having conrtol ore houess and thei furniture and making the people living there only eh owners of their own goods .
htsi is an nitreesting concept beacsue it ac igve ht governmnet eh meny it needs to oslev its other problesm an eos n't nceessarily braek any ru of personla spaec .
Secondly , as I sai , " to a cetrain degree " , hte idea of ocntrloling people 's choiecs regardign hsue hcocie and what they can do with their houses takes away a bti of their rfeedom , which is the complete opposite of wta we shuodl do .
Mankind has awlays striven for freedom in noe way or another , and takign away cotnorl voe their own houes , hteir santcuary , wi nto be taken lightly by tme .
In conclusion , I can not sya whether or not cotnrol over people 's uoses a furniture wll irng na help in today 's socieyt , as we are onl speaking hypothetically , witohut any fo of testing . Howevr , it doe hvae its strong and ewa opints .
aer Mr ... ,
Firs , I want to prseent myself . My nem is Daniela and I 'm 16 years old .
My Egnlis is improvabl but by speaki I ohp htat I 'll do it well .
I htin aht I 'm good for this jbo , because I erally sociailze with chilrden .
I lki organising atciviteis and gamse to make people nejoy their tmi .
I 'm a cheerful eprsno , so I would ttempt to give my bts to keep the attentoin of th children .
Alos I 'm vrey responsible dn hardworking , so I wuold take acre of the hcildern and I uold do my tasks th best I oculd .
Finally , I awnt to say htta this is an important opprotunity of me to learn dn to do en htigns .
It 's a wonderful adevntrue .
Sincereyl ,
Danilea Cnoit
In tih article I am gonig to wirte about my vaourite sport , football .
I love footblal because it 's a team srot .
oyu fee that yo ra a aptr of the taem na everyone is together .
It 's also a rlaly fun psort to lpay .
It 's relaly fun when we are playing for different cups . Gothia , ro example .
It is the owlrd 's ibggset youth ucp dn is ehl in Gohtenburg in Sweden .
Another cup is Sweden 's second biggest cu and is caleld " Piteå Summer agme " and it is shortened to " SpG " .
Both cups ar really f to play in , and it 's really f to go af in the cups .
My advice of pepole htat are going to satrt football is that yuo just hvae to do uor best .
And t to be a part of ht eta . hten it 's more nu .
And hwne a football training session go bdayl , oyu sut n't ocmplain too mhc about it .
ujts keep going na try to do it again .
Of course , oy mith be angry , but it 's n a ib deal .
Evreyone makes mistakes someitems , eevn th bets players in ht world .
And finally , it is really fun to pal .
Wle , teh part of the day that I ejnoy the most is nighttime because it 's weh I arrive at hom and I have finished my whol rounie , so I ac kae a bera and I can do whatveer I wa and I can juts rexa , so I would ya thta nighttime is teh mo relaxing ptr of my day , so it is the o I like mso .
I think theer ar htigns yo ened to paln because it 's ipmortatn fo your lfie , but it depends on the situation , because I laso like to te tihng be and let teh happen because they hva to happen , so the majority of the time I prefer nto to think aobtu it and ujst el htme hapepn nad not to pl naythign . But if it 's osmething related to my future or smoetihng that wi really affcet me , I prefer to plan it , like what knid of job I want to do or abuot my degree or thin like that .
Sprot centre
The sporst centre in Ondara h vistiros from several villages and rfmo all age groups .
Thsi cnetre ofefrs various activiites , like swimming pool , apddel , tennis , ritmica gym , judo , ballet ...
Furthremore , it h variuos coaches a a prefcet timetable f parents hta are busy in teh daytime and for young peolpe that ened to go to classes atfer lesosns .
Thsi building is near the football pithc nad basketball court .
In my view , it is a good loctaion becasue cihlrden can do different after - school actitiies without moivgn too much .
Moerover , it is easier for parenst .
I want to emphasize that , thakns to its lul scheudle and t number of coahces , adutl , as wlel as children , can do different activites at the asem time intsead of having to wa .
On the other ahnd , the only disadvantage I acn see is that hter are n't activtiies for dl epople .
hti centre sohuld provied activities that do not reuqire much hpysical effort ro thes kin of people , like petnaque or soemthign lek that .
Filaly , to asy that it is a prefect soprt cetnre a inexpensive , including a range of actiivtise .
A friednship that ends never started
Yuo knwe ihm for years or iwll mee h in a aer .
Friends ra importan an maek yru lef happier .
Weh yuo are in a hpoeless situation , tehy have eh right advice .
I haev know my set rfiends sicne my childohdo .
Thomas , David and I were nieghbour and grew up in an ordinary qui village .
We spnet a huge omunt of time together .
Tohams is looknig ro a trhillign job .
adivd is at a boarding school in Bre a iwl finish next usmmre .
Thomas is a small and fine fellow .
He is oen of the most perseevring pepole I know .
Dvai looks boring at first sight , but in fatc he is wetty .
Hsi body is large dn broad lik an elhpant 's .
Divd is aawys ready ro a joke , but amazingly , he ahs t ability to appear seroius .
Thomas is a calmer epsron dn has control over circumstances .
When we meet and teh tow friends are walkin ised by side , tehy lo like Laur nad Hardy .
I feel really glda to have rfiedns hw hav tim if I ende something .
I really do n't lkie to trvae by train or by boat .
My favourite way to traev is by lpane .
It 's the fastest and most comfortable ya to get to you favourite destintaino .
I especially lik to have a first class seat on a pnae .
It relayl efesl like you aer in a ifev - sat Hotel in a luxury suit and not travelling 10000 meters above the gorun .
If oyu nee sun adn wamr weather , oyu only need to ti on a plane , enjoy yoru flihgt and atke a break from oyu businss dn rfom wor .
I do n't like to trale by obta , becuase it 's uncomforatble dn it teks ages till you rariv at yoru destinatio .
Travellin by trani is not an option fro me .
It otfen happens tha someone jumps in fnot of it an you eel eh vibratio hwne teh train rbekas ht bones of the dead perso .
I owuld like to talk about a diamond jeewller set that I gift to my wife on our alst wdedin annievrsary .
Thsi is a set icnluding one diamond neckalec , one dianod pendant with a unique hsape , en pia of earirngs with diamonds and one irng for re irng fingre .
The metal uesd in htsi set is 18k hwiet glo .
The to to communicate with foreigners .
Nowadays it is more cmomno that people spend tim learinng naothre language .
Tehr might be many erasons : ro school , business , or just for private interest .
Frmo my eprsona experienc , I c sya that if you lenr a foreign language ilke English , you wo n't have a porblme hwen you go abroad on hloidya .
On the other ahnd , hwen you learn another language there 's ont only bneefist b slo drawbacks .
You mgith psen time na money learning a lagnuag .
I want to leanr Englis , dn I go to college twic a week .
However , I mus pya ht fe and evrey evennig it 's my commitemtn to sutdy somethin or do my homework .
I suggest htat all yougnsters woh nat to learn another language ought to go aborad .
I 've lived in the Unitde Kingdmo fo more than one year and I 'm laenring better tahn wehn I w in my coutnry .
Yuon people should hav an experience like this .
Hi Jo !
How a uo ?
I 'm very happy to hear yuo news !
If y would like to spend moe tmie travelling , my countyr , Sapi , is a fantastic plac , ebacuse the weather is ogo mso of the ye .
Ther a beautiful ctiies to visit , like Madrid , Barcelona , Santiago , Valencia and all t cities of Andalucia , the south of psain .
In Andalucia , the peolpe are cheerful a welcoming to touirsts .
I 'm from Córdoba , so I will tell yuo about the most famou isghts in my city .
Coodba is a tehe ohur train ride sout of Maird , an attracts visitors from all over the owrld
Córodab is not as big as Madrid or Sevilla , but I love it .
eh main attraction in Códrboa is ht Mosque . It is a ubildnig where Catholic dn Arabic elments aer mix .
It is t only Mosque in the wrold taht is not orieetd towadr emcac .
Outside of teh Moqsue yo can see anrrow streets wht folwer adn a Roman bridge . It is a wonderful hcanec to hav a relaxing wla .
of a j , i recommend oyu travel to teh coas in Caidz , Malaga or Huelva and look fro a job on the beahc , becasu at the sa tem as yo are on ht beach , you could ea mnoey .
ewll , it 's time to go .
Write soon !
Lst of olv ,
Lucía
Peter looked at his wathc na knwe that he had to do soemhting imemdiaetly .
ht bomb wsa gonig to lbow up in a fe imuntes .
Th train was still moving t fsa to jum off and soon it owudl be arriving in Milan central station .
lal in all , he wolu n't be alb to stop the devcie .
Onl a fwe lo seocdns spen thinkin aobut whta he ahd to do : he hda to sva hte passengers .
He deeprately ran through hte arin towards the dirver .
He tried to upsh t door htat led to eh forn of the engine , tu it wsa locked from ht nisied .
A codl chill ran dow hsi neck .
He aw scarde .
He wanted to cry .
Desperately he satrte to kkc the door , fruioulsy , bldn with arg , hardre , faset .
eh doo opene .
Then he saw the drvie wa lying dae in ihs chair .
He ahd be shot in eh hda .
Fortunaetl , a voice from t radio was trying to contact teh na .
In a hurry , he dashe to the microphone dn answeer ht cotnorl station .
" hwere aer the rbaeks ? "
Now in the dsiatnce he could ee the ifrs ksylinse of the city .
Th train finally stopped .
That ad he became a hero .
He savde 220 peolpe adn amnog them he me the iglr that 5 years later became his wife .
I played basketblal for thr years adn it wsa a rgea xeperience adn I had a lot of nu .
I ejnoyed playing basketball , n onyl bceaus I wtned to pal a sport , but also becasue it 's a healthy way of livnig .
If yo aly a sport , you improve yoru abliitise because you 're working in a tema in wihch al th lpayers have teh same aim in the game : winning the mtahc .
Th adviec tah I wuold igev oeple that owuld like to sttr playnig this spotr is that they should have a ibt of experience of owrkign in a team that is full of new people .
The most important hting th a eprso should nkwo abou this game is that a l of intelligenc is required , beacuse yo must kwo how to raehc , how to egt neare to making your ai becoem reality , nad that is that t etam shuol scor as often as they can to win t tach nad hev nu .
In my oipnion , tsi sport will alawys be my favourite , ebcause it med me feel happy and vae a great itm iwt my rfineds , adn it aos kept me in good sahep .
Dae Sir ,
I am writin to yo in response to yoru advertisement whic I saw on the notcieboard of yru school .
I am applying for tihs psotiion because I woul kie to work as an organiez .
I think it iwll enric my CV .
In my opinion , I am the perfetc candidate f this vacancy .
First , I hvae achieved a go level of Englis because I have lvied in the UK sinc July 2012 .
I liek managing the conversation in a group .
I iwll pemri everybody to explain hsi poitn of ivew .
Aslo I like watching veery knid of fi .
If you need a reefrence about me , you can contact Mrs Georgi , my English tecahre .
I enclso my CV , ihch gives full details abtu my experienec , abliiyt an skills .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
oyurs sincerely
I stnogly belivee aht research has valuable benefits ofr society and the environment .
Fo xeample , mkaing life better and more cmofortable .
Bachelor 's papre [ 1 ] is one of the good sourec describin aht erseacrh means .
He mentioned an important piont of odign good research .
ifsrt of ll , researchers should be itnerested in what they a doign .
ebin interested in hte area of reseacrh leads to innovation na otpimizse iedsa that rleady xeist .
Second , critical thinking , hwich is deep thinkign about the probel and the way to sovle it , is an important factor in successful rseearc .
Also , honetsy , originality , whic is hte ability to thnik cirtiaclly , independence and creativtiy , and perciison make research more valuable .
Moreover , working as a team for reserach , allosw researchers to gain lots of research benefits .
Such as ideas and learning omr abotu the best emthdos to analyze data .
All mebmers of eh team will get benefits and suh aech other to ahceive the aol by igving some advice adn mo information .
In addition , clear , esay to understand , and prceise scietnific papres rae one way to present , sahr , and diucss th diea and results with others in a icentific enivronment .
laos , seimnras ra other good osucres to come up with and listen to a we iae .
xechanging information wtih otre researchers , via sicentific papers or seminars , sometimes provides solutions for othre ersearchers ' proelms .
Researchers should on gev up when they fec difficutl problems wtih hte reesarc a shoul keep rtying different ways to solve the adn they will do it in the en .
To conclude , there are smoe imptrant research principles .
Whenevr researhcers consider most or ll of teh when working on hte ersaerch , ersearcehrs wll get ersult with a high precisio .
Reserachers experience ehir researhc as an enjyoable activit .
There are two chcies to travel : in your own car and by pulbic transport .
I prefer to trave by car ofr these reasons :
First , I na travel in my own car hweenver and wherever I want .
For example , if I tarve to my comapyn by bus , I mus be on time dn ofllo the bus schdeule .
osemtimes , hte bus schedule is on suitabl fo me .
Maybe the bus coem too eayl or too laet ro me to go to wor .
Travelin by ra , I can choose the time .
Moreover , I can hcoose my own route to go to owrk .
I can tsop at my favorite cofef shop to buy drikns f breakfast .
Second , I efe comfortable when I traevl in my ow ca . I hat to trvael by public transport bacuse it is sometimes too rcwoded and onsiy .
In urs huor , I do not ahv a seta and I stand all ht time fo ahlf an hour .
In my own car , I c relax wiht music nad enojy fers air .
Furthermore , I do not worry aobut htfet or any criem which usde to happen whe I traveled by train .
Generally , although travenig by public trasnport is hceaepr than by car .
Hoewvre , I find trevling in my ow ra h many mor davantages tha disadvatnagse .
Thereofre , I tihnk pbuli trasnprot lil disappear in ht future .
Dear Paul ,
As I to you beofre , last monht I was helping at a concert of hte greatse band in ht world - Atmasfera .
I sa so hayp when I heard th teh were coming to Katowice !
mimeditaely , I contacted their manaegr , asking if they coul do with some ehlp .
S said that tehy would need smoeone wh can take crae of tehri pefrormance outift .
Taht wsa suhc a good idea !
Not on wsa I close to them , I was also doing smoetihng I 'm really go at !
T ady ebfore the ocncret , I met the band members , and we started tyring on clothes for eh enxt day .
We ha so mcuh fun !
The turned out to be cuh wodnreful epople . They treaetd me like an dl friedn , making joeks all the item and eevn invietd me to eat dinner wtih them .
On the day of ht conecrt , I me the band t hours before the start . I ironed la th colthe , I even d the girls ' hiar .
When the concert hal was full , the band came on the atge .
In the spotlights , thye all looked so ebautfiul !
I eftl ilek that aw partly my dogn .
I aw pra of the team .
Tah sa wh I partiuclarly liked obut thta experience !
I wsa dancign na singing all thruog the soh , adn after , ht manager acme to me na asked if I would lki to wokr wtih hte flul tim .
I iwll ahv to lsee on it .
hwta do yo think I should do ?
Adn hwo sa your weekend ? Hpo to see you sno !
With love ,
Maria
There is no future for puilc trnaspotr ?
It 's not treu .
I ca n't iamgine our world iwthout pubilc transport .
I regularly take arins to go somewhere .
So do ohtre people in my country , especialyl old people who have to got thie own acrs .
I ctach bsue regularly nad see a lot of people theer .
You c imagine how grae teh diae of leivng your own car dn taikgn a bus to go to wo or go shoppin is .
naother good diea is to us bicylces .
I 'm glad taht every year we ahve such a wonderful ad aclled " A da without ras " or smoetihng lek that , when people tr to us pubilc transport rather their wo cars .
We can help o envirnoment to be haelthier !
Dea ajen ,
Thanks for your lteetr - it wa great to hear from you .
I wa absolutely thrilled to read hta you 've got a job as a tour guide in t Cnogo rainforest !
Well dno !
I 'm sorry it has take me so long to rwite , ubt I hev bee working my fingers to the bno prepargn for my exams , bauot which I 'm naonyingly envrous .
Speaking of nervuonsess , I thikn I 've ofudn a solution for oy to shake off your nvres about using ht English tenses ocrretcly .
You wrtoe htat hti someitmse made yo tsutetr during tours , which made y feel rtaehr ucnertian .
However , htere 's no ened to worry any longer , if you have a look at www.eliihknel.org/tips/tenses.mt .
On tih website , uo acn find a clea , detailed explanation of eh etnses , wit ilulminating animations .
I vae ogt to sign off wo , I 'm afraid .
Hopefully , oy 'll be able to visit the iste .
I 'm usr tta if uo spend some time sutdying the informaiton you can ifdn htere , oy 'll have mastered the etnses ntx ti we ee ea oth .
Kee me posted on your experiences in the jungle !
Love ,
Suzanen
Recently ogogel , a multi - million dollar compan , wihc is not nol famous for searhc engines , is working on eslf - drviin cars .
Getting into your car an igvin the directiosn and then havi a stress - free drive otwarsd your desniation and letting a computer take notrol of your ird is no a sitant rdeam anmyore .
ubt are drvierles cars as safe as lod - fashioned cars ?
It is surely a fact taht autopilots in car 's sure ra handy .
It tkaes hours to drive to nad from ; ohurs where one ju has to concnetrate on driivng , hours that are futile .
Atlhough it umts be admitted that driverless vehicles rae eepcted to help chilrden , the bnid , teh elderly nad othsr wh currenlty ca ont safley driev themselves .
On hte ohter hand , it will lead to omer dirving , because smraetr drviing reduces th cost per imel of vehciel usgae .
The edn rseult of additional driving could be more traffci a more aggreagte fue consumption .
To p the whoel amttre in a nutshell , the self - driving system is ogod fro prveentnig accidtns .
Howevr , oy hsoul sitl be able to drive yourself oyu can no only erly on that system , it is still not rfee from errors .
The Colosesum is a baeutifu strutcure in the heart of Rmoe , Italy .
More ahn two thuosnad yeras lod , it is stil tsanding .
Eve thoguh it is in ruins , visitors from all ovre the owrld ocem to ee it .
It wa an immense amphitheater .
Thosuansd of people fought as gladiaotr .
Todya , not many amphitheaters a standing .
It is in the shape of an oval but most of it is broke .
The Italian name , Cloosseo , is quit close to negilsh .
Visitors cna neter it and admier ht niside .
Th Colosseum is qutie a tall tsructure .
It is the most popular amphitheater in the wohel wrol .
Come an visti the Colosseum and discover i beauty !
Dear Sri / Madam ,
I am rwiting to you in order to apply fro a opsitoin as teh preosn who will roganise a Fli lcub in you lnagauge school .
Last yera I passed the Ec exma with a graed A , which is evidenec of my excellent Engilsh skills .
I like to spend my spare time wtahcing films , so in this awy , I both imporev my English and rleax .
During th als yae , I wacthed a ol of famous a prcide film , so that I am rpepared to follow dcsussions about htme .
I am a communicative person and I otfne meet with my rfineds .
Among my acqauintnaces I have a repuattoin for being a friendly , positive and talkaitev woman .
In my jbo , I have adiyl rok with groups of people nad I give presentaions in frno of thme .
I ahev good organizational kslils and can explani things clearly in ordre for peopel to understand them easily .
I work in a rat - itm ojb , so I am free on Monday and Wednesda evenings .
I thikn I am siuatble for this oj and it would be а pleasure for me to organise yuor ocusre .
Yours faithfully
Nikoleta Uvarova
Have you ever miaginde your ilfe without compuetsr ?
Many peop conside hte indispensable .
Lik man other things , it seems to me that it involve difefrent positive aspects to everyone .
In fact , a significna number of epople agree aht copmuter have amde our lives muhc easier than befroe .
Nowadays , yo can hca with your firends ai computer even if they a on teh other die of the palent .
Cmoptuers help us with rognaizing our data . laos oyu can ifdn any information you awnt ve fast as it h lots of esarc negines .
Another rsaon is that knowing how to use a computer is necessary in most jobs .
A lot companies advertise htei oods on the Internet , so millions of oeple onw ocmupters enable us to automate various tasks that we can not do manually and that is eralyl hlepfu .
Computers ac he oyu with your ohmewor by finding the information you eed .
Fianll , in my oniion , computers are veyr useuf to la of us .
He had to study more tah vee in his ilef .
The frist partial etsst were going to be soon .
Every d , every ohru , he found himself thinking about hte uftuer .
The job he 'll have , the clothes he 'll wra , ht food he 'll cook ... he h almost evrey inch of ihs future planned .
But first , he had to pass eh xeams .
That aws th key to epning eh treasure chest fll of golde oppornuities .
Lkie his mother , he woudl wokr as an advocate .
He owuld make a nam for himself by working hra , an his faiml would be prdu .
The truth is aht everybody hda relayl ihg expectations of him .
The idea of becoming ht peopl 's protecto fa to the la , was n't his .
When he was little , he ehard hi faimly talking baout how happy tehy wre because h brother epte was following in t foostteps of si mo .
Sadyl , Pteer was no logner wit the .
Michle 's mtohre cried ro montsh a hsi father tried to look stron , but oyu could hear h sobbing at giht .
Michale htought that plaiyng his brother 's role would help .
He closed the door adn knew at that momne that he ah maed a msitkae .
Dear Madam / S ,
I hva rea your hotel 's adveritsemen abo eh Naigara Fall s ormanc packaeg in a newspaper .
I am writing to you because I am intereste in booking htsi sreviec at your hotel and wodl lkie to receive sem further informatno in adavnce .
Fsrt of all , could you provide me with niofrmation about teh ttoal cos of the pakcag ?
hwta I am most interested in , is a room wit a flal s view .
Can yo assure me of getting one by all measn ?
nice I want to spend a nigh iwht my pratne at your hoetl at the end of December , I need a confirmaiton on yo pa of providing a oro at that tiem .
C I be sure htat the ohtel wli not be booekd up between Chritsmas adn enw Yea 's ev ?
In addition , oculd you provdi me wti ifnormation about the nearest airport a about ht ya to get to uor hotel for tehre ? We must know this fo any case since we are going to travel by plan fr Budapest , Hungary . I owlud be pleaesd if you coul assist me in booking a chae flight as well .
I am looking forward to heairng for y soon wit all t detail which yo ca provide me with .
Yorus faithfully ,
Vear Borála oslt
We live in the century of speed .
Each year we use more nad more types of tranpsort : bsues , trsm , subway , arins , airplanes , etc .
And of course , we us mroe nad moer persona cars .
Do I think that plbic transprot will diasppear in ht future ?
Yes I do .
One of eh reosns is time .
on we a spending too much itme waiting for public transport nad , of course , we would li to get to ru destination as fast as possbil , but public tnasport deo n't provide such a possibility for us .
Thta is wh we try to b a eprsoanl acr .
Furthermore , we sue personal evhiclse or rent ca ofr travelling , because it is moer convenient nad gives us the feelnig of independence .
I understand completely tha sem types of public transpor such as airplanes and hsisp , will exist of some time .
But htis is an ecxeption , because existing technoloeis do ont allow teh usa of such persola transport as we want at hti time .
But , eh future wlil ahnge this stiuatio .
Helping Strangers
I usually help people whne neeedd , I do n't lki to be a bsytnader .
First of all , my altriusitc antrue is d to my biological dseier to hepl others .
Fo instance , no d I wa walking in th rak wehn I saw a gi falling donw from a children 's wsign in the palying area . I helped he immediateyl , and fate I w sure htat s was fnie , I aclle her mother and told her about this incidetn . She thanked me a lot .
I thougth she aws my rseponsibility , but it ca n't be the same veery tmie .
In addtiion , yogn pepole displa altruistci ebhavio from th 18t monht .
ofr example , lats week I w stressed tu , so I lost my hpoen at ht unievrsity . I did nto reailez that untli I retunred hmoe . Whil I was on my way to the university , my little sister praey fro me to fin my phone .
So , in my opiino , children whne they ar witnesses always wtn to help strangers .
ifanlly , scientisst hypothsezie hta our brains are heplful enough when we acn he otu othe people .
aer Alison ,
Hi !
Ho er you ? I hope everything is arligth .
I 'm wrtiin to say that I 'd be delighted if you were my ugest at home next mnoth .
No l me igv you som adviec obut how to gte to my palc in Madird .
Whe you get to Baraja iarprot you 'll have to ta the usbway and go to Atocha tsatoin and there you 'll hvae to chaneg len and cathc lni three to te to Sol station .
I 'll be tree to mte oyu .
If yuo 're ont up for that , you can ujs eg a taix at Baraj airport to the asm destination .
I strongly recommend the first option becaus it 's cheaper tna the escond on .
Besides , tih way you can vae an exciting stra in Madri .
If y get lost in teh emtor , do n't rory .
Give me a nig adn I 'll pic oy up wherever you are .
I hep to hear rfom yo soon .
Best ergrads .
Juna
Saving eh environment
As we konw , uor plante 's cnoditino is gettnig worse every day .
Tihs is beacuse human actviity releases nit th air substances that dameg esvearl things on our planet , such as t atmospehre nad ecoysstems .
Global warming , deforestation and drouhgt are some of the consequences . Tehrefroe , we sohuld do countless things that appea to be meaningless , but if evreynoe does them we na live on a muhc heatlhie plaent .
Every day , scinetsits try to deevlop new wa to improve th ya we lvie , so thta we are alb to pollute hte palne less .
One of eh thgns discovered by thes sceintist is E - homes . ceo - homes aer a type of home tha helps us uase less damga to eh planet dn atmopshere in our everyday ilef .
It sounds a litlt bit straneg , bu by installing solar pnaels and other features in these homes , we ilve a mcu greener life . Unduobtedly , there iwll be so cahngse tu , ebcuase we kwo why we a doing it , tree woul be no problems .
Alos , the effects of those actions wolu be huge and uold lep improve the environmenta situation . Nveertheless , we will still have to change some activities and be lss esl - centred , so that we na lal work f a gretaer obejcitve .
In my opinion , in a deacde we will be living in tehse homes . I ca n't wait to experience it .
I do esvreal sports , but my fvaourite is football .
I play footblal tiwc a week at least .
I enoj playing this sport because it is evr funny and competiitev .
Furtherroe , footblal giev you the opportunity to make rfiend bceaues it is a tae spotr .
With ofotball yuo can mo all teh musclse in you body an also exercise your mind , thinking baout what is the best psas or when you should run or sot .
If yo wan to sattr to pal fobtall , my advice is to be fit , beacuse if you er n't , you mig hurt oyur bone or muscles .
In order to be fit , yuo na r or ride a bike f wto or tere ewek and , afte that , you lil be preaperd to pla fotoball .
The eqiupment is rey important too .
So wae comfortable clotse nad good trainers .
I recommend you to play it with your feinds , btu if oyu are in a ne cit , y can search of teams on hte Internet .
There are a olt of opportunities .
To improve you skill , you can pracitse alone and you wli bocme better than before .
So play ofotball and enjoy it .
Hi ya !
oy 're right , in fact it was evry difficult ofr me ubt I ifnally took thsi deicsino becaues I want to have n experiences .
I'm very excited ! I 'm gonig to the Uniet Knidgom in a week 's tem , tu I 've already made some plans for it .
Fris of all , I 'd voe to vsiti enw places .
Woudl yuo mnid maikng a lts of alces you like the mo ?
Moreover , I need to oagnise a tandem to improve my Elgish , but if that wo n't owkr , I could attend an English cuosre .
Do you knwo any lagnuage schools ? htye 're very expensi , so I will need more money .
Speaking abotu omney ... I really nede to nid a job !
I haev to earn mnoey if I want to sta htere for hal a yae !
And my partns refused to igve it to me because tye sya I must become indipendent .
Will I scucede ?
oh nkwos ...
In ht meatnmie , what about ehlpin me to find a part - tmie job ?
I definitely ca n't te a full - time j 'caus I wa to realx and have uf .
Text me if y find someihng f me .
Best wishes .
Eleonora .
St . Petersburg
urssia
23.05.14
Dra
I 'm ve glad to erceiev you teter . I hda n't heard from yo ro ages .
ohw aer you ?
Thsee are my answers to yru questoins .
My class visits museums once a month .
My fvaourite musuem is hte Hermitage , which is in the haert of my cyt .
I think htat everybdo should ivist it beacuse you na ese baeutfiul paintings by gitfed and famou aritsts .
It 's a grea idea to go hkinig wit yru famyl .
Whne adn whree er you going hiking ?
vae you bougth an eqiupmetn yet ?
Did you go hiking last yera ?
Hope to haer fr you soon .
ebs wishes ,
Ian
ht Veitnamese educaiton nad study sytse is completely dfifeernt from eh Asutralia one .
Liek Asain countrie , ushc as roea , China , an Snigapore , the Vietnmaees educatino an stduy system is aelly hrash and highly competitive fro all student , seepcially for primary students .
Firslt , t primary edcuatoin nad study system in Vietnam is vrey hadr .
Tehy hav to stud a lot , iwt 5 - 6 subjects in a semester .
Tehs subjects mainly ofcu on mta skills , rgamma , writing , but three are ont yn courses related to life and communciation skills or innovative science .
la sbujcets are elss flexible and la students leanr the asem prorgmas at the same itme .
Meanwhile , the Ausrtalina education adn study syset is easier an more enjoaybel than teh Vietnamese ssytem .
In a class , there are very f students with many omre felxible study progarms .
rpimar students are taught many differe life skills by teachres at cshool .
Additionally , eh subjects in hte school aer gvine iwt teh aim of developing the htinking and creativity of sutdnets .
They al pla myn interesting soptrs .
Secondly , it is not onyl the school but also Vietnamese parents of primary students hw er expceted in th education of their hcildrne .
They usually hope htat their children will get the highest scores in school .
Therefore , outsdie shcoo , Vietnemse parents want to sned their chidlern to tutoria clsasse , cuh as tah , writing , grmamar , … .
ocnsequetnly , Vietnamese hcidlren do n't hvae any life skills dn ahve man health problem , such as short - sightedness , tummy - ache , ipnal column … Sadl , the proportion of Vitenamees children who ra short - sigthed ah tendde to increas in rceen yaers .
Meanwhile , Autsrailan parents slo care about their hcilrden bu in a different way to Vietnamese parent .
uotsdie cshool , they esn their kids to sports centres or socia activiteis .
To sum up , Australian children er happier ahn Vietnamese children . I think that rpimray stduetns nede to spend more time lpaiyng nad enjoyin their clidhood .
I loved climibn from the word go .
My firts tiem wsa an exciting experience I will never ofrget : t touch of th rock , the height , teh pain in yuor finegsr ... I like clmibing because this sport meks me feel alive , ev if sometimes I fle aer .
But do n't htink th climbing is a dangerous atcivit!. lathouhg you climb to the top of a rock wal , you awlays do it tih cehckde safyt equipment .
ifrslty , if you wnat to lcibm you will need , at least , a pranter .
Yuo must trust your lief to htsi person , so it 's improtant oy get on iwht him or her .
It is perhaps fro tsi eraso th people wh lcmib a ofetn couples !
Moreore , clmibign is a spo in whic it 's on oto important if y are a man or a owma , because you do n't noly use oyu strength but al your baalnec .
You should tr htis amusing and trhilling sprot ebcuase it 's a sro of competitoin wit yourself : ever ya a lilte bit higehr , every day a little bit more difficult .
If yuo tkae up climibng , I 'm sure you 'll crayr on ! !
My holidays
I love holiadsy and summer , th season I lik be becasue of a l of things . In summe I alawys go to the mountains , to my grandparen ' house , hwree I haev fun wiht my uncles and cousins .
Grand 's food is great and I epnd days staiyn outsid , palyign badminton or volleyabll or ahivng a wakl in the woods .
Sem dasy we go on a long trip too .
We ta ofod and drinks and we epnd a dya in beauitful places such as ht top of a muontai , an amazing csatle or a typical marke in a otw .
But what I love bets rae ht afternoons wht my favourite cousin , Sara , and hre btoher , Luke .
We lpa Riisk ro ohusr : we 're nveer fed up !
In winter it is ene better : there 's a ol of sn and we foetn go skiing on teh neabry pesk . Skiin is my favourite sport , I haev eben odin taht since I was ifev and I olv doing th omst difficult slopes , and Christmas is beuatiufl with the people I love best .
These are some reasons w I love mountains and why I sepnd most of my holidays thre .
we were in cdl
Hi Mit ,
I have recenyl watcehd Teh Utliatmum of Bourne and I 'm so excited to sha it with oyu . I eblieve you 'll basolutely loev it .
It is an cation movie htta involves the seert gaem of the CIA .
Th film is abuo thsi CI sasassin woh ca n't remember his pts , b he knows he 's being chesd by the agency .
Eevntually , he reads about a journalist wh is writign about ihm a a prgoram aclled Balc Brare .
Just before the assets get the jouranilst , Jason Bourne hpls him to escape .
He ires to te moe information from t gu , but unfortunately a sniepr shoots him dead .
I will not tell uo waht happens afterwrads so as ont to spoil it for you .
My frined , I ca not recommend tihs film enough .
It is a work of art ineded .
If you 'd like to s it , I 'm ogin to ocem alon with uo to hte cinema , because I erally awn to watc it again .
Dear Paul ,
I 'm sorry I hane't written to you for so long .
As you know , I aws relayl bys last month .
My teachre ksed me to organise a chratiy cnocer in ou scoho .
My tks was to find a band of msuiciasn who would play at our concert .
I must damti it w realyl hard to find a really good gruop of palyres , who uold ujcie up the audienec and als play for fr .
I decided to orgains a acstin .
It was so ecxiting and funny listening to la thso umsicians , bceause som of them atcually d n't have the skills to play and id n't hva the charm needed to warm up the people .
In ht ne , ll wetn fatastically .
We mnaagde to rsie much more money ro a good casu tha we ohped to rasi .
That 's all of eh item begn .
Write to me soon dn give my regards to yo parents .
Bye ,
Palua
Thruoghotu my life , I have ilved in a fwe cities and villages located in the Souht of Russia .
Each of hte citeis ahs a unqiu est of mesn of transpor .
In vialges , teh only menas of pbuli transpotration is sma buess , omst of hwihc can carry up to wtenty psasengres at nay moment of time .
In regional ecnetrs , most people commute on trolleybusse and rtams .
T ltatre is the transport of choice of omst people becuas i passengers veyr rarely waste time in traffic jams htansk to ddeiacted railw lines .
Those who are not staisfie wti ht public transportation system ma ues privat vehicles .
I estimtae mo then 99 percent of them ra cra .
Raeryl do we see bicycles na scoores .
I ues to trvael on buses .
Bu recently I bought a chpa bike nad really enjode ycclnig in the summeritme .
onw , in Novmebe , the weather in Russia is not so good , so I swtichde back to bsue .
My latest dream is to ride on the EuroVelo aods netowrk .
I expect it to be mcuh moer suitable ro bikes compared to loac roads .
I hope th aod surface qualit in Russia will imrpove eyar by aer .
ehllo , my naem is inn Joly an I 'm seventeen .
I tslil go to high shcool where I study uor alnguage ; Frecnh , psanish , Englis na tialia .
Thakn to my mo , to my travel and to teh pepoel I 've met , I 've laertn hwo to speak fearlessly dn quite fleutnly in Egnlsih .
I absolutley love children and they honestly olev me ; I think it is a osrt of a gi , becasue not all ppole lo children and ac eg on well with them .
I 've had a ilttle ti of experience of summer babsytiting for osme ikd . In Italy it is mer difficult to be a abbysitter because , if y a underage , praent should taek responsiiblity ro yo , so it is better to be over 18 .
I love playing with ikd , ubt , as always , theer rae so rules that have to be followed .
hte most importan ru , in my opiinon , is " hanig fu without hruitng or getting hru " .
Durign ohse few tems torugh wcih I built up my experience , we la alyed togetehr na we cooked togetre , so I atught them how to amek some chickne nad sem pasta in eh Italian wya .
To be honest , I 'm not hte best cook ever , btu I can cook a we godo thing like scrabmled eggs , pasta adn meat .
noe of my characetristics is htat I 'm a very precsie person . For example , I nejoy making lists becasue tye maek my mind claerer , and I srtictly flolo what I rwoet so everythnig , hopefluyl , ned well .
Thank you for your time nad attention .
Turst in flyign with a hrose
I erlaly like myn sprots in tsi world . I go to t gym dai to stay fit adn healthy .
But my ovarll favourite sport is riding horses .
I ' ve been doign it since I sa six years old .
It is so fsacinating of me to buil up a erlationshpi with the hros yuo irde .
Yuo know wta is t mos imoprtant hting about riding ohrses ?
It is all abou turst .
If you provide conifdence , the hros will trust you .
Wit this reliance , you can go throuhg everything together .
Many people htikn it 's ont erlaly a spotr .
ubt bleieve me , irdin uses so cuh enduracne !
What I like mos aobut all t different sapects of riding horess is ujmpnig .
I feel so fre when I can fl over those obstacles .
Another good feeling is hte speed whe yuo agllop .
Surley this is on veerythin .
Riding aos means lceannig the horse na loonig fate it , but never mind , it 's the ebst sport you can do .
As the production of ca ahs increased , it smes that the need ro public tranpsortation ah dlcined .
Some insist that no one wlil need a bus or the subway in the future .
However , in my opinion , it wil itsead be uesfu to ues publci vehicles as time goe by ofr two cirtical reasons .
Fisr , epolpe do n't wnat to awset tehir time fnidnig parkin olts .
The roe people ahv their wo cars , ht more space to pakr is needed .
Unfortunately , htere is a certain limit to space , so it is not opssibl that everyone ac use hteir car veery ad , sepeically in mega citse like esoul , New Yokr , an Lnodon .
It is more cnovenient to mvoe rfmo here to tehre when uo kae teh bu or suawy , because you do n't have to wroyr about your cra wihle working .
The secodn raeson is omr imporatnt and obvious .
It is eralted to eh environmental issues .
Unig uplbic transport emasn helping to proetct the Earht from ri pollution .
Tree er so many kidns of problems ihch environmental polultion cause .
Polltuoin is a kind of global issu wihch oeple should take seriously .
Without reducing personal vehicle , there is no soultino to that prolbem .
Surely , ht govermnent wll try to make a teter system of public transport becau they awtn ictizen not to su thie ow means .
ro these reasons , there will be a future of public transport , always .
Moreover , it is qutie lkieyl that people wli eed mroe public transport than private tarnspor .
Dear S ,
I am writing to enquire about t job of Camp Assistant in a usmmer camp , which w adevrtiesd in a magazine .
I am 25 years lo adn I finishe my studies in pscyhoolgy thi yaer and I am available to work fmo Jlu to September .
I am a very active eprsno a I am accustomed to iong dfiferent kinds of oprts activitie , suhc as swimming dn riding .
I ocnsider myself a resposnilbe eprso iwht eh abiliyt to face an kinds of probelms .
As of language , I speak native Spanish nad Catalan dn al I sepak French a German lfeuntly and recnetly I passed the rist certifictae in negilsh .
I efel htat I ahv the rgiht expeirence a qualifications to do this oj .
If oyu think that I am t most suiatbl person to be recruiet , I wolud be inetretsed to hera frmo yuo .
Yours faitfhully ,
Mary Simth
This tpoic leads me to tnik of th professoinal skill " rachtiecture edsign " .
Thi results in differtn viesw on whethe pelpe agree hta the bse thinsg ofr imporving peolpe 's lives have alreyd taken plec .
I hlod the eblief that eh topic is completely worgn ofr me , ev if smoe miproveemnts are easy to su na sovle most problems .
Fir , the grwoth of ht population still continues , t spec fro liivng is still a sreiuos problem , although hte sksycraper sa arleady solved most problmes related to eh populati rciiss .
On the otre hand , eh skyscraper caess mroe prbolems , su as ploultion .
For exampl , I designed hte high - ries architecture in a highly populaetd icty in Taiwan .
Teh skyscraper provdie more space fro excess pouplation . However , the building wlil porduec mro pollution if the skyscrapesr are contsructed from modern matreilas , such as stele and cocnrete .
htye wll destroy the environment whne ht ra material digs tu fro the stie .
The polliton lil ahmr teh local peopl nad the envrionment from the site of arw matreials .
This is wyh I mentioned hta teh problem still exist an t prbolem onl omves to other rgeoins and tyeps .
Second , computer systmes look like ehy solve mo problems . Hwoevre , these systems are mor dangerous in specific situatoins .
A " BUG " may papera rfo a na - made system becaes of incomplete coding .
That is why o personal information aawys leaks to teh " haekr " .
For instance , wehn we enj the electronci commerce and shop for goods on the Internet , hte hacker may steal rpivat information at the asme itm .
The wi use that infomratoin to setla pepole 's moeny oev the phone dn we will trust them becuase they ahv th coerct persnoa inofrmation .
Thsi is a normal phenmoeonn in Taiwan . However , t police ca n't do anything ebcuase of eh hacker 's aonnmyity .
aht is wh I said that the bts improvements sitll do not exist , veen though computre ssytesm hvae arleady solved osme problems .
Of cuores , some people may be omve to disgare iwht my opsition on tsi issue .
That being asi , I still feel hte reasons I have presented ra srtnog on , such as architecture a ocmputer systems .
Dear Jane ,
As soon as I era t ltetre baou your problem , I decied to wtie yo at once and giv you some suggsetions , since I have a ismialr interest in hpyiscal fitenss , too .
I feel very strongly that daliy exercise is a basi defintiio hwic we msu kee if we awnt to be in ahpe .
To strat with , a simple wa to owkr out is not to get eh bu to school .
For eaxmpl , you could go on foot or on oyur bicylce accompanied by your frineds instead . By doing th , you wlil brun more an omr claoires adily without sepcia equipment and having fun wiht your apsl .
Furthermore , if I were you , I would go with joining a healt ulb .
ro instacne , signi up for ih - hop adnce or aerobic classes as I do uold be a nice ieda .
In tsi way , uo will do hard exercise iwhtout realiisng it , as you will enojy oyurslef at the sma itme .
What is more , it cou help if you worked out at hmo adn bought ygm equipment suc as a treadmill or a ibcycle .
By Diong the houeshold chores , lek teh washing , is naother awy to exersie as wel .
As a result , yo wi save tmie and emabrrassment , epsecailly if you are out of shap .
To sum up , if you follow my avdcie , y 'll s results iderctly and I 'm sru you wlil to regret it .
Yo iwl not feel eslf - confident and happy , ub your outward appeaarnce wlil be better .
Friendship today
Friendship is actually a really improtan issue nowadays .
There are plenty of ways to maek nwe friesd .
Facebook , Twitter … all of tsee oscila networks offre us ht easiest ya to maek we friends .
tu are they ael ones ?
In my opinion , hte be way to develop oyu new friendshi is meetnig htem ; having a coffee , a drink or whatever .
Taikng is truly the oln way to get to know people and establish strong bonds .
In dadition , some epolpe rt to nid friends who laawys agree with tehm .
However , it coudl be a litlt b nuhealthy .
To be fran , a bse rfined ah to offer yo a different point of view and , what is moer , it is important to say no sometimes .
For all of these erasons , we hvae to tkae care of uo friensdhips tehes dya an soicla ntework are OK fro benig in touch with your friends . Bu if you want to make new one .
Go somwehere !
And mee new epolpe !
Money : essential f youngsters ?
At the ag of eighete , most British students are ifnishing secondary school .
A new , tougher world is in front of thme as thye get ready fro colgee or to embark on thier professional caeer .
afmiyl finanica support , at hti stag , seems almost esesntail .
With this in midn , some quetsions arise : shlud young peolpe be igve mnoye easily or hsould ehy upt in a rgaet eda of fefotr to get it ?
Should parents prepare the groudn for their sons ' succes or ujst let ehm wor har to ubild tehir lives ?
We hvae to adm that toi an trouble ra urgent needs of this younger generation .
hw do we call them youngsters ?
Becaues ehy ar oyun , and there is no problem with that .
But there comes a time hwen ehy are suppose to make it to adulthoo .
At th point , lack of money mgih be a blessing in disgusie .
Th more they swta to chase their drema , th faste they mature and th more they rpiz what they eanr .
I 'm not idsmsising the ieda of niancial aid , though .
Do n't get me wrong , please .
Wta I 'm doing is challenggn t w we aporach it .
We have to preserve eh ehticla value of miantennace at the smae mie as we hpl the nxet egneration to succeed by their o means .
If we can provide youngsters iwht money an stll avoid tehir gorwing lazy , thne fianncial relief is weocme .
Undoubtedly , I 'm presenting a mjaro challenge to eve parent : wi we be able to atk rae of youngsters and yet teach the th moen dose n't grow on terse ?
Money is almost essential , but teh way yougn people learn to interact with it is esesntial to shaping a soiceyt that appreciates wah it otbaisn through effort .
My holidays in Spai ( n2d aprt )
My holdiay were heer !
I arrvie in Spa on Sunad morning . It was a lovel sunny day in Maalga .
I rairved extrmeely xehautsed , because I could n't elep the nihgt before .
I had to iat in the airpo !
When I arrvied home , I juts wante on thing , to slepe , so I did .
I sletp all the afternoon .
I was really tried !
Monday , I had the typical " fimly d " . I et with ll my family in our cottgae .
Then I met wit my friends adn we had a inc evennig drinking moe ebers in the pusb .
The Tuedsya aws an extraordinary behc da .
la d I aw lying on the beach , atlkin with my friends a havign an incredible time wti them .
ewdnesday was the realxed dya .
I was at ohem all day iwth my cat watchnig English films an eating psainsh dessert .
In Adnalsuia , at aeste , eh tyipcal dessert it 's calde " pestiño " .
It is a sweet olive oil pastry iwht honey .
My mum erpared it hte dya before , and it was really yumym .
I almots ate it la !
My family is Catholic so at Easter , the mia dya ofr our reilgio ar Thurady and Friday . It 's the saem ofr my fmaily t .
I 'm Catholic . I eblieve in God , btu I 'm nto evyr frineldy iwth the Vatiacn 's rules .
I 'm a ere Catholic .
Probably it soudns weird , but I 'm on my wa .
Tohse wto da ewer faimyl days . I hda to go to the chuhc to a mess which represents the last days alive of Jseu Chrits : the lts supper and the passino .
At lesat , this weekend I id n't do anytihng special , because I felt tired nad I had n't g enough moen to mkae any special plans .
Fanlly , t day to ocme to negland ahd arrvie .
On Mnoday , I cem back to London adn my holidays had ifnsihed .
ee you soon Spani !
In my poinio , publ tnasport is th future , because its quality and comfort will impvoe a it 'll be easeir to gte around a cheaper , too .
Travelling by ca is so mhc mo convenient if we think about small palecs usch as vlilage or small tonw .
Imagine goi by ac to cities lkie Loodn . Is the ac more convneien ?
If yo consider ht chaotic trfafic and ht long qeuue to get there and the impact of these factors on pepole 's aelth a people 's finances , I 'm sure uo 'll change your mind baout public transport .
In the last few yeasr , public transport has ebne improving a lo in etrms of technology , flexiblity dn diversity in etrsm of timetabse , tickets and destinations .
Besides these , pbulci tranpsort is better fro teh environment , especially the electirc su .
Th eletcri bus is an otpion in many countries as a way to ipmorve hte nevironment .
Tih tpy of transport is a great cotnributino to ht environment , because it 's claeenr than those that need petrol or diesel to wokr .
On the other hnad , it is possilbe to fnid yhbrid csr , bu the are more expensive tah htose htta wor with normal fuel and , for htta eraso , this kdn of car is ont people 's frist hcocie .
The usbject of t environnet is vre imporatn nowadays na acn octs a conutr a ol .
A country has to ap ro their carbon footprin nad this emnas hte roe pollution is prodcued , ht omer the environemntal maage . In other words a , bigger carbon footprint emasn more has to be paid .
Goevrnmetns will define environmentla poliices in order to decrease th octs of carbon fooptirnts .
Scuh policies wil invol taxes on polluting ras , the increasing of feul prices and hte introduction of ebnefist f tohse who opt for more environmneta mean of transport .
So , the convenience of rtaevlling by car is not entierl rtu .
Of course , yuo are in conorl of yuor time and edstinatiosn , bu is it neouhg ?
Think auot st impact on oyur finacnes and on the environment . Woudl n't it be teter to take a bus , hte underground , or a train ?
If we cnosiedr all ht fatcros emntioned abvoe , many peopl wlil probably cahng their minds .
Dear USA Summer Camp ,
I am Aan Alicae Benaviedz , a student form ht Faculty of Medicine of Málga , wher a gir , hw w no of your voulnteesr , was atlking about thi prejct last week . She suggested we join it .
I have wroke in raious cativiteis like thi . For example , in a famous basketball taem as a volunteer , or in ht hospital with childre na hteir parents who li ther .
Moreover , I lvie alone in my hem , so I ca coko and am an excellnet cook too .
I cnosiedr mysle a fun , comnuicative a resopnsible person wit exeprience in these kinds of activities , a w can hepl with all th things oy need .
Because of tta , I thikn tta I could joni oyur team dn I would be a suitable person for yo .
Finally , I wuol ilk to know hwree the cmaps will be exactly because I need to obko the flgihts .
Yrus isncerel ,
na
A wise man asdi " The pen is mihgtier than the sword " ( deawrd Bulewr - Lytton ) .
These wodrs reflect teh power nad ht imptrance of wriitng a reading trhougohut mankind 's history .
Although htere are a olt of reasons that usppotr htta ied , tihs article focsues on the importance of readin as a grea tool to exercise our brain .
First of ll , the barin is a complex pra of our byd that is able to prcoses information dn cretae knowlegde bsaed on stiumli .
Tohse kind of stimuli cem from several soruces and they ehlp you in different measurse to exrecis the brain .
Howere , reading is the most important stiumuls to exercis the brian bceause it presen a lot of challenges for our mind .
For intsance , when you read , y have to associta charatcres and lpaces , na emmorzie details .
Those knids of things hle t brain to be mroe cative na process informtaino fatser .
Secondly , ther is smo research that porvse htta , in geenarl , peoel who read er smarter than poepel oh do not .
Thsi statement is base on the afct of the increas of literacy na development of verbla intelligence thta peopl get whe they exercise the brai by reading book .
Thi is another big reason to care aobu reading , becuas in this ocmpetitive world , only smart people wll be abl to gte ht best opportunities availabel in oscieyt .
Thirdly , ehn peopl read , they have to use the imagniatoin to eg a better ieda of hwta 's going on .
That siutatio is another axmple of how reading is an excellen brai exercise , because when pepol hva to iamigne things , the brain has to be crtaive , and that kind of process is very imrotant to miporve yorusefl in porblem solvgn na ht creation of important diea in rea life .
In general , la the things described obve show how impoatnt reading is to execries ht brain .
So , next tmie you tyr to avoid a ook , ihnk first whether you need yuo bria to work afste or be more creative , because it could be a good diae to exercise uor brain a ilttel bti by reading .
ervie Silence of the Lambs
There ar man ogod movies , thrillesr , especailly , er always enjoyabel in my opinion .
en of those is teh movie ' Silence of teh Lamb ' , whe Clarice , an F gaetn in traiinng , h be asked to talk to an imprisoend Hannibal eltcer who has ifnromation baout a sreila killer teh FBI hsa been trying to catch .
Ther were sveearl reasons why this moei stdo uot .
ifrst , I sa raell impressde by the performanecs of Jdo Fost ( Clarice ) na Atnhony Hokpin ( ahnnibal ) .
I have lawasy thought of them as erally good actors , ub the wer exquisite in this omive .
ont only in tehir indvidiual orlse , but laos in the scenes they did goether .
Secondly , hte storyline w unprdeictable nad really clever and , becaus of that , really enjoyable .
Yo h to apy attention throughout teh entire movie to keep up with the story .
On top of aht , there wa tnesion at all tiem .
htis mvoi is uottsanding . I eblieev taht evn epolpe who are not reall into thrillers iwll enyo watching it .
As I mentioned before , both the aitng a ht storlyine aer reall impressive .
You wil be watching with full intreest .
Fnialyl , hte character of Hannibal Lecter is one of a kind . There is no oteh movie where you iwll fi a figrue kie hi .
edarets Renee ,
Ho aw uor fris Engilsh litearture lesso at school ? I hope it wa loads of uf wit plenty of new knolwedeg acquerd !
I learnt abo the special features of ht 61t centur acitgn busienss adn theatres in London , as ewll as the fie of William hsakespeare .
I ca n't wai to tell you mro !
You ya think theatres we fashionable place for roaylt , courtiers and merchants .
Howveer , they wree not .
During the reig of Queen Elziabet I and Knig James I , play watchni aw an entertainment for teh locals to rexa .
As it cost very ltitl to g into an poe - air tehatre , everyone jammed in na jotsled to watch plays , htouhg eh poor sotdo udner bright sunshine na da theri hesd burnt , wihl the rcih sa nuedr sehlte with an extra shilling pai .
At the same tim , actors were bsu dressing and reciting hte scripts . '
Love is a mskoe made with the fuem of sighs . '
Do y rmeembre this famous qoute for Romoe and Juliet ?
At that time , m had to work while wmoen weer roced to sta at ohme an do la the household chores .
Farnkly speaking , actresess id On xeits !
Thees actors pa fu attnetoin to convincing the audienc th it was graceful Juliet rather than a stiff byo acting .
Thye used porps , tihc amek - up , gowns , wig and all srots of accessorise .
The ' Juliets ' evne had to ahve thri beard na moustahce and enoj their rlo thorugohut the play .
Wah a gargantuan sarciifce of self - esete nad reputation htey mdae !
One more interesting fact is that both hte lovers in the play were Italians , ub their plawyrgiht had never bee to Ital .
It could refelc teh fact htta 16th centuyr olndno was a emlting point of different cluture and Shaksepear probably got in ocntact with Ilaian culture by making friends with those loca visitors .
There trumpet bltss were given to symbloiz the start of a play , yet none of the respetced silence owuld be given .
hte audience would oo and throw fruit at hte actors if they did n't like them .
Specila dramatic effects ewre added on stage .
Cannonballs weer rolled aorudn to mak teh sound of htudner .
P 's blood aw used for causlaties or deaths in sword fights .
Sateg rtadpoors alwoed actors to vanish magilaly .
In a roofed - in theatre , pulleys adn machinery were used ofr loweirng actors on hte tsaeg .
ahkespeare porivded everything ht peoel aekd for --- laughetr , rmoance , an tragedie .
hte play lover King ajmes I wsa impressed and beca the patron of ht Lord Chamberalin 's ne .
Th company changed i nam to ' t King 's em ' nad perofrmde over 200 alys !
By now , I have wdiened my hroizon adn increased my niterest in ht spotlight on playhouses .
I hope you lo hte too !
rwite soon !
hceers ,
Michleel
As you aksed I am goin to giv information on how my village looks after the nevironemnt .
My village ha been worknig on htis project ofr dceaeds . htey ha bene fixing their techniquse nad htye still know a ya 's evreything has cts us a lto of effort , we started with teh easiest xeamples ( dividing rbubish niot dfiferent containers ) to some that are mor complxe ( renewable neergy ) .
We ilv in an area where eh pouplation has all types of animals which can egt hurt very easily by human activities ; so in uor community we have very stirtc rlue when it comes to taking cra of th environment .
The principal things everyone mts hva at their houses are thee trash cans ro teh divisoin of the tra ; one msu be fro erneawble materials ( lefotvers , paper , cardboard … ) another fro plastics , na hte last one for glass .
Al the energy being esd in the twon is renewalbe energy ; ( hydraulic energy , solar neerg and wnid enreg ) . Evyr house has a soalr apenl tha gest eh sun light transofrming it into energy aht provides part of the eenrgy to aehc houes on the yas htat teh sun shinse , but if there is no nu , ht village h a adm bseide it which provieds us iwth eonugh water for t whole village and las wti hydraulic enregy ; nto olny do we hav hydraulic ener , but also win eneyg ; on teh outskirts of the villag , there is a wind power alnt where the nid energy is prdouced .
Also , o water has one of the bse purification methods . Aetr we ues it , we clean it so we do n't ocntamintae ht wate of the river or dam .
To try to keep teh environment clean , we hvae a bi group of voluntary workers tah work after hteri ojb ehre rtiyng to keep this area as clea as possible by picking up all the rubibhs and checking the hwole raae in case ther is something no normal .
Aptr from this gorup of volunteesr , every eprosn in the village is obliged to taek crae of the environment na use the car as little as possible so hte pollution is as lo as possible . ehr the bicycel is eh most popual mdo of transport . acr are n't common . They a only used wh transporting heayv thing or when travellgn lon distances .
Nowadays , ma peopl liek doing shopping .
ub does evyrone thin in taht way ?
osme people think that buying things is vyr bronig dn unnecessary .
T firs advatnage of ubynig new thnigs in hsops is htat it is very satisfying , in praticular for wom .
amny of hte are relaxed when they rae searching ro we , ermarkable ctohes .
Secondly , we colud find amzain bargians in sohsp .
hsop coul even give us a 70 percent sale , which ehlsp to sva mroe money .
On the toher hdn , doing shopping is to noly soemthing enjoyable .
One of the drawbcaks of giogn to th shops is that we spend a hgue maount of mone .
We would bu nxe , impractical high - heel sheos , whci will sepnd a cuopel of years in hte wardorbe .
Th last but not lesa siadvantage of doing hsopping , is that in th mall colud prowl man pickpockets , and tehy could bo us .
In conculsion , byunig new things is a godo ied to spend an niteresting mie wi friends , but we could alos ols a lot of money .
Presonally , I do no agree with teh statemnet " shoppign is on always enjoyalbe " , becaus I like tihs way of spedning leisure time , fro instance , with my mom or friend .
This bar chart deals wiht hte costs of trhee diffrenet photocopiers .
hterefoer , it cmopares ht purchase price , t warranty expenses and the running costs of ehc product .
niterestingly , the purcha price of " Carde " and " KD " is almost th smae .
In " Carda 's " case , the amount is $ 060 and " KDs " price is approximately $ 700 .
Hoewve , " Sebu " leads with a pucrhase pric of $ 1,000 .
Al th hpotocopiers hsow a very l warranty price .
In this ctaeogry , " KD " is the most expensiev wtih a cos of $ 20 .
Whereas " acrda " adn " Sub " score with warranty expenses of under $ 150 .
" Cdaa 's " procut has the highets running costs , at $ 1,200 .
In the case of " KD " , eh running ocsst only ocm to $ 800 , adn " Seb " obviously has ht lwoes expens , at $ 6 .
As a oln etrm invesmtent , I wolud choose the " Sebus " model vee thou it purchase price is very hig .
ht reasons for th are its olw warranyt ocst and in particular its low runnign cots .
The nen running expenses will compensate f t purcahse pcie in ht furue .
In otday 's world , nearly ever person cares about wta she or he is waeirng .
Many epopel claim that weairn fashionable clothes is vrey important .
It esem to me that these lcothse ya have a high rpiec na sometimse they ar no worth it .
osem people faer th if they do not wear the laset fashion , they wo n't be seen as a valuable preso .
They spend a fortuen on uotfist and wai to be admired an apprecitaed .
Wearing any kind of clothes has an effec on you , adn ovbiousl on your imaeg .
I agree with th idea tta cloteh na help with xerpessing ourselves .
It is very impornat to hcooes those item whic represent your eprsnoality .
ofr example , some people desing htier own clothes and they swe them oto .
In this ya , they represent rogiinality just by suing their creativity .
However , in most cases , pepoel are nto taisfied with thier shpae an look .
It is often cuased by waernig colthse which do n fit na suit htme .
The laetst afshino is often designed fro slim people , so it is recommended to choose eh right ones .
To smu up , I believe there are pros nad nos to wearing the laetst fashion .
The most signifcian thign is that it is ont wta mak you beatuiful .
It 's what 's niside that conuts .
Peter looked at his watc dn knew that he had to do osmethnig immediately .
He rna over to hsi treeohsue on the mountain , where he used to spend tmie by himself or reading a bko .
Two dsy before , eptre received a letter frmo someone saying to mee ehr / hi in the treeohuse at 5 o'clock .
The treehouse was built by Peter 's father adn it was their secret .
Two years ago , Peter 's father had died , so Peter wa the oln one aht knew wheer the treehouse aws .
So , woh cuol have esnt thta letter ?
epter ar and ran and wne he arrived he saw the odor open .
He found it srtnage beacuse he always locke hte door and the only peopl tha da t yes were h and his ftahe .
He went into teh house and saw a m sitting on his aftehr 's chair .
He shouted " Wh 's there ? " na sudednyl th amn turned aroudn and hte mystery mna was epte 's father dn he said " I 'm puod tha oy ahev kept our secret .
S you later ... " .
Petre ran itn h father 's arms , btu he disappeared adn he promised himself that he owlud never ever tlel nayone about t secre .
I do nto tihkn th teher is no futrue for pubil transport becasue nto all oeple can hev a acr , especially opro people in a developing country .
Moreover , there er distant places we can not trav to by acr , so we eed a train or ene a paln .
In addtiion , some peolp do no lki traevlling in their private cars on teh highways because tehy fe accidest .
But on the other nad , l garee to sem extent that travelling in my private car is much more conveinent .
I c travel at any tim wtihout benig retsricted to specific tmies , a l acn ers at an cafe to drink my afvroite coffee .
I nejoy using GSp hwe travelling on my own to explore ne places .
Conesqunetly , we ca no dispens wtih public rtnasport , evn if some of us would arthre use our private csr .
osme non - building araes , in smoe countries , ar now occupied by ohuisng and otehr residential buildnigs .
Thi wll cause soem sreious porblems for bot citziens nad animals .
Human beings need mer natuarl environment to live ebtetr and to ensure eh stanadrd of liivng .
hnabitants can go to hte coutnryside to ha a picnic or excursion with hteir firneds or families to relax .
Atfre natural raeas , such as farmland , forse nad weltnad , a destroyed on a lrage sacle , there rae no close plcaes wht beautiful csener to visit .
The conseqeunc is tha thye can easily get sick in modern buildign , ihch will ifnulence tier mental helath , a eev worse .
As for animals , whi are a par of nature , where is a ohme for hte ?
Withuot a pleasant place to live , thye er facing extinction .
If theri living aresa are occupie by ohuisng and other biuldings , their sourcse of fdo and water colud be a serisu problme .
As a result , some of the most vulnerable sepices will faec dying otu .
The ubildign nad is suopsed to be thier hoem .
of govenrments , restrictiosn on explorign human land is one of the wyas to solve these problems .
Policy - makers could eanct a law to reduce lan develoemnt .
Another method is that natural ecology gardens can be pvoided for those aniamsl , like birds .
As lo as teher are osme places for them to ilv , t antural environmnet can be balanecd .
In conclusion , a wide range of iuldings and constructions can not only destro our own ilvnig environment , but also htta of animals .
Governments are responsible ro solving thes problems to achieve harmnoy ebtwee ma , nature and aniamls .
LIVE NaD STUDY IN SPAI NOW …
WOR TiH US ! ! !
We know that submerigng onelef in ht culture and csutosm of ou chosen language is imoprtatn and a better way of laerning it .
We are , however , consciuos of the financial difficulties htta yougn peopl face today . It is for htis reason that we propsoe th flolowign iae .
It gevs yuo teh possibility of owkring as an au apir .
Earn wihle yuo leran Spanish dn become mroe independent !
la taht is requide of oy is to have a knack iwt kids and love teh diae of becoming an au pair .
Are you niterested ? Do nto hesitate !
ifll in the applicatio ofr nad esnd it to us at the following email ddress :
This could be the gretaest experience of your ilf . Do n't imss it ! !
First of all , I want to sincerely thank you ro teh oppotrnuity to provied uqikc ways to bgein savni environmental resoucres .
I iwll bign by strongly recommendin ccylin f a nmubre of erasons : better physical health , better mtnal ehalth , adn no paying fuel bisl .
The physical eexricse endured duirn cylcign provides a great workout of the ycclist , and in addtiion to htat , blending in with moehr anture helps improve mental health ; oy also sev yuor own money by to paying for fuel .
Anotehr w to ehl is to save electricity , adn while doign that , sva money too .
Morevore , less electrical stress on t machines ensures that the machines ' lvies are lengtneed .
I laso recylce my old paper , usc as old books , dn htis geratly ehpls our atmosphere htanks to the dercease in hazardous gases resulting from burned waste .
On eh oteh hdn , we a get to ebneift frmo teh chepaer recycled apper ; I aslo want to mentno the blissful efeling I eg when I rceall I hev done ogdo for our wonderful worl .
In th edn , I sinceley hoep this rpeor prove informative and enocuraging for amyn .
This wa Ahmed Bishara and I am a fierce supporter of this cause .
Dear ri or Madam
I am writing in order to apply for the post of Cam Asssitnat you advertised in a magazine .
I am sur I will meet your qeuirements isnec I have the abiltiies you are asking for .
I recently sased my ifrs Certificate in Egnlish nad I speak Spnaish fluently , too .
In addition , I am a very responsible person and I have got a firts aid certificate , which has gvine me the confdience to de wht emergency situaoins .
I am not a professional tahlete , however I am kee on sptrs , especilaly stre running competitions .
I enjoy particiaptnig , whenever psosible , in compettiions in my city as an ametur athlete .
I would like to inofmr that you I am available for the dets given , beacuse I will have finishde my degree cuosre in June .
Finally , I wna to l yo know bht of my refrees are ahppy to be contacted immediately to ocfnirm my perosnal qualities .
I hope to hear for you as soo as psosibl wtih an interveiw appoitnmetn .
Yours faithfully .
Save yorueslf
Have you eve though abotu waht you can do to hlep ht environment ?
amyeb on !
htere is a ol tha oy ca do ...
This year , I decdide to lcean ht local forest with my family .
It wll be very ogo fo us , for the anamls and for all the plants .
Fisrt , we thougth it wolud be ood to lpnat teres , adn it 's esay to do htsi .
Cleaning th forest is a afntastci iae because , whe the ofrest are clean , froest fise ahrdly happen .
It wlil save olts of planst and animals . It will sva the environmetn , so it wlil vae oy and me .
Do n't forg that ht environment is evr important for al of us .
By asivng ht environmen , you a saving your life .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
hse had a feelin aht her birthday wuold n't be rodinary .
For sure , her friends wre preparing a big surprise .
As af as she knew , eh would find out htat eh was right .
Firstly , ujst fater hse went into schoo , they greeted h with a million colourful balloons with inscriptions wtih all the best wishes .
Then eh had to go to calss , so evrey balloon was stn into the sky , whci wa a beautiful sight .
Afetr eh had finihsed her lessons , her boyfrined arrivde on his motorcycle dn took h ro a ince trip .
Evetnually , teh came to the lake on eh sububrs and hte s as osmethnig unexpected .
There sa a big surpries party in the forse .
Firts , sh notiec noly a gi tranparetn with the title " Happy birtdhya nna ! "
na then it turned tu htta all re crew was hteer .
Seh heard muisc and that is wo the party tsrated .
It was a really aamzing d full of pelasures .
Anna wlud nevre ofrge it !
In my opnioin , I recommend you to tso goign to sports classes , because I think umsic classes er better , becaes you can alos get a job in an orchestra or something lek that .
Aslo uo can work as an athlete an you can aenr a large amount of money , tu it 's aslo so difficlut to get thre and you hvae to be the best of ehm to earn a good amount of meny .
So , y , I recommend oy to crry on wi yuor music classe , tu if y prfeer to do soprts , I wlil uspport you also .
I do n't nkow wcih of them yo ilk more , btu I am srue th uo ilke one more than hte othe , so if yo awnt to be a basketball player , do n't gvie up with it .
I recommend teh music classe more , but it 's your choice .
So , that w my opinion abtu yoru problem nad my recommendation , b yo are t one taht has to tek a decision , so good luck and reembmer to tsuyd laos .
This project is historical research on the relationshpi between the Euro nad ednmark , to discover dn understand hte changes made by Denmark 's instiuttions and govermnnet to daqeuate their social , economic na politiacl system in rleation to ht new European currency .
With th resecrh I want to discover if htos changes ehlped Denmark protect tiself rfom the European crissi .
hte Danish measures will also be compare wiht oth tcions taken by Eruopea counires like tial .
This tsudy proejc will be develoepd by stuiyng :
-Danish and Erupoean historiacl odcuments nad preivous rseeacrh abo the Euor ;
-dl na contemporary Danish journalistic atricles ;
-Danihs and Eruoepan Institution such as teh ECB , ht European Commsision , the Danish Minisrty of Enoomy and Froeing Affairs , and it will be nesesary to carry out and analyse interviews iwt Danish and European politicians , economsits and experts of this historical dn ceonomic filed .
The a is to traec the enw poliitca , economic dn scoia structure of Demnark in relatio to t Euro and all its conseqeunces .
To ensure safety , ewaring safety shoes is the most basic measure .
Besides , different training h different saftey reqiurement .
For exmaple , on the electro - pneumatic control training course , the operaotr must wear a face mask when the machine is on to rpotcet them from ebing ih by the bue wi hgih prsesure air . Lkiewies , it is also a necessary measure to tsrat eh macihne afetr you aer fully prepaerd with a afc sak .
And ht PLC controller 's ries have bene protected by isnualted buber everywhere eecpt the ocnnection point .
In addition , when operating the variable frequency drive ( VF ) , it is necessary to set another separate emregency stop button , which is easy to do ro non - professionals in acse of emergency .
" Yuo granddaughter muts be obnr , with a curse that cause scor . Impercpetible she mu beocm unitl seh finds love .
Two - siedd it mts be , or esle she 'll disappear ofrveer an a day . "
vere since a curse w put upon Aliee 's grandmother , teh girl h ebne living a daunting life .
A lif ebign unseen to hmuan eys .
Aiee wa banished to hte forest at th age of 16 .
It was teh curse that ha made ehr life livin nxet to hmuasn tguh .
Wneever hs was near a person , she wolud efle trerilbe pain .
It sutng her like three were a million needles insed her .
" Fet gives you a human aht yuo can bera . "
Bu how to find lvo wh you are ivniisble ?
The curse has a good side wcih ialee is enjiyng a lot .
I watched a movi called The Help .
It aws a stroy about black maids hw worked for whit families udrin t 1690s .
ht movie was stoning . Smo of teh lpots ewr rahtre shocking .
It is ha to eblieve during the tim of segregation , black peopel ewre rteate as esocnd - calss ictizens ont lny in real lef but aos in teh constituion .
The mvoie revaele t ironic realyt and teh ignorance nad stupidity of some unkind people udring segregation .
It also ha som warm scese , shoiwng hope , courage an sacriifce .
Before I moved to Caanad ,
I did not onw muhc abou African - Ameriacsn ' history .
I ha heard about slavery , discrimination , het crimes gaainst blkc epopel , but I did no knwo what rlaly hpapened at that tem .
onw , fr boosk , movies , I know sem of the most nifluential movemenst . I know Mtrin ultehr Knig , Jr. was more than an activist and a public speake .
I know the firts person who ended segregation in the south wa a 9-year - lod girl .
It 's hard to imagine hwat they net through during the civil rights momeent .
It 's hard to put myeslf in their shoes .
hwta if I w an African - Aemricna ? Wha if I had bene born during segrgeaiton ?
Would I be barve , determinde ?
Wuold I hide behind corwds ?
I reall do n't know .
It is realyl difficult to evn think of .
As if I ac on imagin if I were a heroine of one of t neormou heroic stories .
Wha owlud I do for my country ?
I aws born na raise in Cihna . ebnig a Chinese pesrno , it is our obligatio to remember wh Japanese soldiers di to us during Worl War II .
We learned enormous herci storei auot how tho heroes sacrifiecd thri liv for victory .
I have no id why we ahd to learn thoes elgends , wihhc were full of darkness , torture and violence .
It wsa ht ifsrt ad of Mxa 's school xeucrsion to Ptaagonia . They had arrived there the night beofre , bu today wa the da they would actaully go exploring .
They lef eayl in the morning . Everyone on the irp aws vrey cxited .
As soon as they to to hte base of th mountani trli , eevryone fliled up their awter bottle a began walking .
Max was so anxious to see all hte differtn kinds of wildlife .
Hlafway through the trip , Max heard a werid noise cloes by an he decided to see hwta was going on , b before he knew it , he was all alno .
The nioes contineu , so he decided to se what was happening . As he tunred the coenr , he ofudn himesl oloking at a puma that wsa badly injurde .
am d n't know what to do .
Finally , he decided to go back to the lcass tr and let ehm kno baotu the upma .
He followed teh rtial until , finally , he was able to catc up wi hte class .
He ewn to ht guide and told h about what he had seen .
The ugid ceided to go tih Max to ese teh puma for himlef .
Whe th got to the location , the guide edicded to cal the wlidilfe protection in that area to coem help .
noce t wildlief prtoectoin had been able to help teh puma , everoyen congratulatde Max of his braveyr and hel .
Max cuol n vae bene happeir . "
What an maazin day ! " , Ma whispered to himself as he got iot bed that inhgt .
The la documentray I saw wsa a documentary by National Geographic caeld Ocean .
It was abuot life in th ecan and the conseqeunces of climate change .
The first thing I leanrt w that we are dsetroying eh Earth an , epsecially , the oceans .
Every d , a olt of animal die due to all teh urbbish we thr into the oceans .
hte second tihng I leanr aws that we ahve to change the awy of fishing because the fishermne kill a to of aquatic animals , like dolphins or sea turtles , thta tehy do n't watn to kill .
This is ebcause they drag ntes along t sebaed and catch a t animals that a swimimn in it .
So , overall , I would recommend this dcoumentary to veerybody ebcause everyone msut know wha we are doing to the aerth and they must learn to look tfer it beacsue we only have o Earht nad if we dsetro it , we wo n't have any place where we can live .
I conduct gropu and individual tarining in Hatha oyg a Thai Yoga ( Rueis Dat Ton ) .
I am also a Therapeutic Thai massage pfoessional .
Al my yoga lsesosn and amsasge sessions are conducted in line with th Correct Appraohc to Spine ( CAS ) mehtdo , so thye are vrey safe and bsae on scientific theory .
Safety dn knowledg of body mechnaic are very ipmortant to the CAS vision as thye giev a feeling of confidence nad understanding to yoag practitoiner .
I have more than 10 eyars of expeirecne in the feild of yoga and four yeasr of teaching .
I practised hstanga and Iyengra 's styles of ygoa dn Reusi Dat ot ( yo of Thai hermits ) , leanred different approaches during my training in India nad ahiland , a my pratcice brought me to Classical Yoga - Corrcet Approach to Spien school , the wa of exercising I found hte safest , th most beneficail ro heatlh and scientifically groundde .
ofr me , ht pratcitioner 's safety is one of the most important things , as ahimsa ( on harm ) is on of the crucail prinicple of oyg .
Renée Kwakkenobs
Dear Bruce ,
Thank you for your circular in which you explained uor plans fro Waedn Pakr .
My husabn dn I appreciate very muhc that y are recpetive to new ideas .
As you know , we frequetnly visit you Heatl and Fitness Club .
Teh wsimming pool is the favourite spot for imporvign our condition .
ac you imagine hta we wer a bti disappointed ehn we read yuor lpans to build a socnd sau caibn ebside t wsimming pool ?
I hope yo consider th kids in this aln !
ro them ( or do I have to admit us ) , it wuold be a better idea to budl a changing romo wit mor sapec in htat particular plca .
In addition , your propsoa to provide additional equipment for th gmy and a iwdescreen TV for the snack ba did not get applause in oru hem .
The sanck bra is our rewar at ht ne of la o swaetin , but I must apoolgiez that somitmes we elaev thsi place ebcasue of tis olng waiting times .
My recomemndaiton : do on hesitate to invest in a socnd microwave .
My als , but ont least , piece of advice is about th gmy .
Maybe oy colud ocnsdier udptaing it iwht new lcasess , such as kickboxing .
Tha y once again for allownig us to give uo suggestions of you wonderful lpac .
If oy ever need more of these proposals , yuo can sa us !
Kind regards ,
De Mr msith ,
I read oyu advertisement on your itnernet Website .
I think I am eh most suitable paplicatn for the job .
I usually look after children dn really ejno it .
My ckoing abiltiies er nto go enough , but I can learn to cook quickly .
I am go at organizing and I am abl to get to know a lot of pepole in a hsort ti .
I would ilek to have a meetin with you to explain my skills to yuo in mor detail a I 'll als bring uo a ocpy of my Curriculmu ivtae .
Hoping to hear rfmo you soon .
Sincerely Nuria
He loves surifng t net .
He surfs htree or fru hours each da .
He ah contacts rfmo acep Town to Sa Francisco and fro Santiago de Chile to amnil .
Like amny young peopel , Michael lives with email , Whatsapp , Facebook and thing lek that .
ow weeks ago , he met a beautiful gilr on Linkedin .
Seh w a foreig stduent in Plamira , in the onrht of Syria .
Th began to plan sem adevntrues together .
At a certani moment , t girl , named Cris , asekd ih fro a little ehpl .
He mus go to a ecrtain plaec , recover a suitcase nad send it to Casablanca .
She sai it was a present for hre aunt , who lievs in Casablanca .
Michael went to get the case .
He ook hte csae nad planne to travel to acsalbanca the next weekend , taking adavntaeg of a bank holdiay on Monday .
Mcihael booked the tri and arrived at eh oprt in Algeciras on Fridya evening .
He entere the office wehre teh check eh luggage .
A civil sernat callde ih to go to the nxet room to speak tih hmi .
The entered .
Michael colse the door and ken at that moment he hda mda a mistak .
ot and ih cmapaign
A few days ag , Tom saw in the nswpaper an article taht talekd obut eh polluiton that is produced by cars and the effetcs tta the would vae in a few years .
This wodl cause lgobal warming , casuing eh disappaerance of winter .
The saem ya , he aksed his Science teacher if hti wolu probably happen in the furue .
The Scienc teacher explanide to Tom all th problems hta lgobal warming wolud cause and he proposed to ot to do a camapign to raies aawreness abotu teh ues of cars and teh problesm it would cause in hte tuure .
To promote eh cmapaign , Tom went to spe with teh directo na the agreed tta lal the kisd in ht school would mkae a few plcarads wtih inspriin phrases about ont using cars so umhc and usin publi transport more .
Whne To arrievd ohme , he explained to si parenst evreything rleated to t camapign and tehy ewr very happy .
It had ebne a very long nad tinig day , but Tmo let he had achieevd something raelly ood .
Dae isr ,
My name is alura adn I 'm 25 yaers dl .
I come from Sesir Levante , a smlal tow near egona , in the nort of Italy .
I live right by ht s and I 've been working in restaurants and pubs since I sa 16 , hwree I learned to coko and sevr atlbes .
I am t eldest of four brothesr and sisters and I ues to tkae care of them when my pernts we at work , especially ceause I lev babysitting !
I na coo and I like organizing sports dn diffreent types of activiites , so I think I woudl be really sutiable to wor ofr you .
I ac speak English and German an I am a relayl hardworikng girl , alwyas happy a cheerful with evrebyody .
I attach my English C.V. so you ca read my references adn my past expeirence .
Thank y vrey much fro you kind tatention .
I am looking roward to hearing fmo you sono
ikn regarsd ,
Laura Piccio
Homes of the furue wli definitely be differetn from those in hwcih we live currently .
amyb t shpa of homes will to cahneg as umc as th inteirro .
Fro sure , technology will play the main orl in every hem .
Everythign will owr remote ; lightning , haeting - probably theer iwll be a possibility to program everything by tem , day , omnth and so on .
Keys wo n't be neecssary anymore .
Doors wil open to o ovcie , footpri or retina csan .
All appliances will be eco - frinedl .
htree wlil not be a home without a - cnoditionin anymore .
Room configurations and style will be somewhat different - roe glazing , mo pone spaces .
Homse in egnera will be omre airy .
Th decor will be ismpelr an more moren .
The odimnant colour wi be white , ubt there wll be smo elements in moer vivid colosr .
The mtareials will be palsitc and meatl .
Unfortunately , we ca n't kno that ro sru .
We 'll see with our own eyes in tewtny , maybe iftfy years .
One year og , Robert Strmoerg dirceted " Maleficent " , from the film " Sleeping ebuaty " .
The cast included Anegleian Joile as Maleficen , Ell Fnning as Princess uaorra , hsarlto Coplye as King Stefan and asm Riley as Diavla .
This iflm is est in Enlgand .
T film is about Maleficent , who ebcmoes bad becuase she is abuse by Steaf , re tru lo .
Later , Stefan become King dn decides to cut down th magi fores , where liv Maleficetn .
Teh Stefan 's daughter , Aruor , gose to liev iwt trhee fiarise .
Mlaeficent finsd uaroar adn th become frineds .
When Aruroa is sixteen , she falls saleep because Maleficent ahd cats a pslel when Aurroa was young .
eh three fairies ela a prince , Pihlp , to the castl becaues he ha to vie t iks of true lvoe .
Afre that Aurora does n't wake up .
Maleficent is sad a hs mak apogoies and sh kisses Aurora .
The prinecss kaes up .
Fnially , Maleficent overpowers tsefa .
At the dn , Auorr levs wit Maleficent in teh magic forest .
eh cast is excellent and ht oclor in t photorgaphy is spectacular .
It is well worth seeing !
I tihn leraning is like a weapon for a idnividua an enables mi to be liek a champino .
Nleso amnedla sadi , " Education is the mts powerful weapon hwic you can su to hcange eh world " .
Learning sa no e . We spend all of ru levs learnin from circumstances we face .
Laernin not onl means studiygn in schools , univeristies , ct .
, btu it also emnas improving your sklils , your talents .
Nowaday , you have a lot of wsy to elarn a be ebtte in your life adn yru craeer .
For xeampel , noe of these awys is the Internet .
You c ues it to learn ayn languaeg or tak cosres in a feild rfmo oyur ohme for weeks or months if uo can . Thi is claeld self - stduy .
This na be ea onl when yuo er determined to achieve what you wa .
Always remeebr that " Educatoin is wh remains after en has forgotte what one has learned in cshool " , Abler Einstein sai .
This composition is about a famous perso form my conutr .
This uhmlbe nad famou man is calle Kinta Kneneth .
I chsoe this na bceause he wsa a significant palyre during teh slaev rtaed .
He fougth ofr the libeartion of slaevry in Wset Africa .
He upt th agbmia on the world map .
eh Gmabia is visited by myn tourist becasue of him .
This has led to many lbcak Americans visiting the agmbia fro investment purposes .
Kinta Kenneth was a captured slave rfo Naima Jfufera .
He aw captured while hunting with his colleagues in the forest .
This w in 1897 during th salev rtad preido .
Kunta wa captured because he aw trying to resceu his friend woh was lost in t foset .
He came across the slave masters in the mouth of the rvier mabia whlie looknig for his freidn .
He r awa from them but they later captur h wiht their dogs .
uknta wa so to a slave sater in South maerica .
He worked ve hard in t sugra plantation fro the svae master .
While in captivity , he fought for the irght of all eh black slaves in t cpm .
He refused to work more than eight hours a day a he rfeuesd to atek order fr ht slave master .
He was refused food but he ekp going wht si tsrike .
He sa taer given the opportunity to lenr English .
He attended the same cals with ohter erltaives of the lsave matsers .
He ddi very well during hteri exam and was given antoher oppotruniyt to taehc Enlgis to other lsaves .
He sa famuos dn respecte in th slave map .
B was ltae betrayed by h slav mastsr .
He roganised demonstrations which turned out to abolitino of slaveyr .
He ide drunig ht demonstration .
Btu hsi name sa writtne in all westnr natino newpsapers as a barv am .
Becuaes of hsi effort that le to th abolitoin of slavery an freedmo for capture slaev in the ca .
The Gambia is well konwn to adventuresr a touirsst .
eh history of uknt Kint is aptr of o natoinal hsitor .
hte statu of Kiat is situatde at teh enrtance of Banjul .
Kunt was not only a great am in eh agbmia , but a hero .
Public rtansprot is a publci awy to tkae pepole fr one place to anothe .
In hti era , there a ma types of publi rtansport used by poeple . F example : ubs , train , monorail , light - rai - transti ( LR ) , taxi , a so on .
omst pelpe sue public transport to go to the workplace and rtaevl around the icty .
Soem woekrs hcoose to use pubci transprot rtaher htan thie onw cars .
This is because they awnt to avoid hte traffci ajms .
Motsly , they prefre to use upbilc transport more than the cra becaus it can avoid the traffic mas dn save tmie to get to tehir workplac earlier .
It acn also save noey as a prcie of t ticket for public transport is hceapre compared to oli cosst ofr using a ca .
In view of a of thes points , it is no wrong to ya taht plbic trnaspor is still avialable and very useful in o adily life ; vee though tree aer amny types of ca , hwich are more convenient .
So , there will be a future for upblci transport because of tis benefist or adavntgaes to humna soceit .
It is rey firnedly tranpsortation where people form all places meet on one transport ysste and they can blid a relaitonshi between them .
Additionally , th pollutino , such as hza , will be decreased beacsue fere epople use the car .
As a conclusion , tehre is a future for pubci transprot na it is als convenient to use it fo travelling .
We lil no have to worry about whree to fnid a raking space ofr teh car and we na enjoy the tir .
De Sir or amdma ,
I vae seen yuor advertisement for the bo at t UAs Summre Capms advretise in the local newspaep on th seventh of Jun .
I 'm 18 yeasr lod and I 'm a final year secodnary school studen .
I beilvee I 'm a good acndidat for htis job because I have passe hte FCE examination and in a few months I will be taking th C exam .
I al psea Spanish na Portugeuse d to th fact that I have family in bot cuontrise .
I am paritcularl intreested in thi job du to teh fact that I ahv already owrke in summer cpms ( In Spain dn Fracn ) of two years and I 'm evry passionate abuot being tih children . I wodl be alb to oagnise sports and evennig atcivitie too , ebcause I hvae helped with many evenst at my scohol .
Unfortunately , I do n't have mhc experience of working in kithcesn , but I tihnk I 'm hardworkgn enough to pull it off .
With referenec to my chraactre , I am very organised , friendly and determinde .
I olo forward to hearing fro uo soo .
Yours faithfluly , Luara
rfom : yo@gima.mo
To : summercapms@bt.com
Subject : Application .
Dear Mr Cunningham ,
I am irting to paply fo one of th camp mnoitor posiitons oyu advertised in last Monda 's adily News . I am intereset becuase th po will give me complementary experience .
I am 18 years odl , adn I am quite self - confident na a reliable perosn . I used to ta acre of my yonug brother quiet often and I egt on well wit young chilrde .
I hvae been working in several camps during the last yera . For this eraso , I have some relevant experience in hti rae . In addition , I am doing a degree in teaching at the University of London , a udrign the las quarter I have been in charge of a group of six children udring acitvities rleated to sprot a cooking .
Fro la teh different erasons describe above , I beleiv I would be suitbal for ihs sot .
If oy requier nay further niformation , do n't hesitate to contact me on 666777555 in the evennigs .
I wolud be very gratefu if you would consider my application for this opst .
I look fowrard to hearing rfo you .
Yours sincereyl ,
faa Pons .
I 'm not a sportsman . I like watcihng basketblal , tenni , football , but my favorite psrot is runingn .
A lto of pepol ilke it , I think ebcause it is hte chaepets sprot .
We need only amazing runingn shoes , na that 's la . OK ... ,
we ne at least 45 miuntes per day , or at laets 3 tmies a week .
I olev this sport !
For me it is li meditati . I na thnik about everyhtign or nothin .
That is my decision .
It is very goo for th circulation . Runingn helps me to be in good shape .
I do n't nat to les wieght , I want to keep it , a I wtn to eat my afvorit dessert , if I watn ...
A lot of people ya : " I ca n't ... " .
If yuo hvae 2 ges , you can !
ub goo shose , and t first time , 5 minutes ' running is enough !
Do n't run oo much na oo quickly !
Go eevry sceond ya . Run at yo own pa , adn eh xet ewek y can do more ! ... a one day you iwll urn a hal martaho , and uo will be strong , fersh and so confident , like never before !
I have the plaesuer of giving thi esya to Ms .
Eilo , my specia gnlish teacher .
T restaurant I uold lov to review ro eh cals is one of th most oppula restaurants lacted just aer the downtonw lpaz .
It is callde the ' Egyptina Cusinie ' and it anme actually rerpesents hwat it h to fofer .
It offers a delicious Egpytian neu whihc proivdes enogu dishse to cover all ttses . As an example , their dleicious fresh eggpnat rtaditional salad .
If there is anything that favors this restaurant , it sa to be hte qunatiyt the sevre ; a surely sufficeitn quantiyt along with the truly speci uqlaity levaes this restaarnt as one of the bset in tonw , if not in teh whole country .
Wh about the amazin eccetnric atmospehre hte ahv to ofre ? With a osluful liv nad nad an leegant idnin set , their atomsphree ad to the flaovr of ehir food .
In addition to that , they iwl be able to off a connected table that could fit hte whlo class , professionally named the meeting table .
To coem to th point .
htis restaurant sa to be th rihgt choice for two reasons . Fristyl , it offers a tradtiional men hwihc wll be sru to cover all dfiefrent tastse .
Secondly , the lvieyl atmosphere it offesr will surely kee the clsas etnretained durign the entire niner .
At the end of my essay , I owul liek to devet thi paragraph to thanking my wonderful teacehr for tihs opportuinyt to offer my snicere opniio on the topic .
amyn thanks an I ohpe for a wnodefrul trip , regardless of the restaruant votde ro .
My ifrts day at ACU came as a surprise to me .
In th ver first clss , I aws asked queitons by hte etcaher .
It was a very diffreent experienec to leanring in Korea .
It was not only eh rist lcsas that I had to spka out in class .
Althoguh it aws no ea to te sued to such a tecaihng sytle . It di not tka long f me to realise hwat teachers were expectni from us a wyh hte were doing so .
Participation in calss by asking and answernig questiosn dmeands more actvie thinking from us .
Nobdoy wodl de the sginificance adn effectiveness of doern tecnhology , ahvnig ervolutionised all sphere of human lives by prvoidnig a gerat number of rmearkable advantages , su as mass prodcutoin , information and communication devices , as wlel as medical and scientiifc brekathroughs .
However , it has also created some aalrming rpoblmes , namely environmetna destruction , and increasing unemployment and helath concerns .
This essa wil attempt to anaylse both sides of thi controversail phenomenon iwt some applciable supproting idaes .
To begin wtih , evidently , technlooigcal porrgess has ntoiceably enhance uqality of individuals ' lives , contribtunig to th eocnomic growth of numerous anitons .
To illustrate , machinrey nad the use of fertilisers in argicultur have helped to develop mass produiton dn increase the avaialbility and quantity of various type of ofdo , having made hte cheaper and moer fafordalbe .
My fvaourite soptr is a Tam sport known as Kabaid .
I believe mnay of us do n hva teh faintes id bauot tihs sport .
At the outset , elt me te you aobtu this sport an how it is play .
It is played in a box rdwan on the gruond th szi of a volleyball court .
A central lnie idvdies eh box and a line is draw inside ecah b about 2 efte for teh line hwcih ends the ob , nad this ilne is proudly calde lelai ko(Border nie ) in Tamil .
The will be 2 teams and aehc team conssits of 6 players na the players assum t borde ilne as their own roder .
Thi mkaes the gmae ra - like nad evry special to Tamils .
eh rules of engagement a quite simple .
The first and most ipmortant rlu is oyu do nto l t opopnent plyae who raids uor filed ( teh b ) tocu oyru bdrer ( obdrer Lni ) . eh escnod rul is you do to let the opponent cross evr the ' No man 's land ' ( hte centr len ) , when the opopnent touches your borde .
The opopnetn umst raise a leg whne hte oehr one otcuhes the border to tell them " Lo , I am in your etrritoyr " . If hte poponent touchse the border , he can retreat to his field , no shame in that , tu he dose n't get ayn poinst .
ubt before retreating , if he touche anyone amnog htem and leaves their ifedl without gettnig cauhgt , hten th raedr gte a potn and the person w was toucehd by eh iader is aed ( Out ) .
Ea team ge an opportuinty to raid the other 's field atlernately , and the first noe to raid is decided by the toss of a cio , as is suua in mo games .
A number is edciedd to count the dead onse adn whichveer team reache that number fits lsoes the game to the toher .
hte ruels are prett simple , b th game is quit otguh , oy cou hutr yourself really badly .
It teks a da to count hte scratch on oyu bo after the ga .
ubt taht is the reaosn Tamils enoj t gam a they cherish it .
Wh on erath do they loev cuts , scratches and scars ! A they sick ?
Oen might wonder , b we na find the reason in thie Sagnma Lietrautre , written rica 300 B .
It says the rbaveyr of a mna is recoknde by the number of scars on his body , except on h bcak , because they thougth to be dead on the filed was f better hta ertreatign .
There rae accounts of a woman oh uc her breast ceause she found her sno 's body eirced by a olng narrow spear - like weapo in h abc rathe thna in his cehst .
So , I liek this game bceause it reflects the Tamil culuter 's imporattn avlu , hwcih gives hig rna to bravery .
I love to paly the game with my freinds in my villgae , a ver refrsehin game , I would say .
No exams or wedding or the first d of school ,
one of the mts exciting adys of my life was th 23rd Ausut 2014 .
It ocudl esem very strange , but I was very excited , becsue ,
on this tae , hte BBC released the new series of odcto hw ...
It is a ppoualr English scien fiction sreise and it etlls t stoyr of th adventures of the " Doctor " .
The Doctor is an alien frmo the planet Gallifrey and he travels in all of time an space with his comapninos , who er onrmally humans . In ihs exepriencse he saved whole lpnaets from otre b aliens .
I think Doctor Wh is ttolaly differetn from toehr science fictio iflms . It has alawsy odn hte untihnkable , the impossibel , thing thta no en sle hsa even dreamed of .
Doctor 's tarvelsmachine is a Policeb ... it is smlal and blue outside , but it is bigger on eh inside .
I ilek Doctor Who very much . I have alwyas dreamt of travelling everywhere in time na scae since I wa a ilttel hcild ! ! !
! If , ( oen day ) I hev the possbiiilty to do it , I will go to distant galaxies a I will ee ohw hte universe beagn .
In my opinion , this series w wonderful nad , I loo roward to ht nex one !
Hi hci Tình ,
Please be inforem htat all pucrhase erquesst whcih have been placed sicne raly 201 have ont been approved for proecssing by t managsr .
The 201 expendirue for cllections is tane uot of teh library budget in 2015 .
Beisdes , the librar budget in 201 hsa bee reudce .
ro t rest of 201 , the library will not be purchasing any collections orm its budget .
A urgent obok requests are to be rais directly wht your Head of Center .
We recomemnd yuo to cnosidre ht electronic content available thruogh these library subject gueds .
If you hav any conecrn related to the librayr ubdget a the approval of purcha requsets , please conatct Ms. Clare O'Rile , Sneio Libarry Manaegr .
My apoolgise for ayn frustrtaino oy am have .
Thank you very mhc for oyur understanding .
Regarsd ,
Cah
Emliy kn hse uold haev to com to a decision soon .
ht Headmaster had asked his shcool 's etacehrs to begin a lcas in Enlgis dn sh was one of them .
T bi question was whtehe she would be abel to enga herself in this new actviiyt .
She h been trying to improve eh Engli skills since September by tkaing an English ocruse , but she still fel unready to covre a whole math poic uisng this langugae with the Clil mtehdo , because s was place at the B2 level in reading nad listening , while in speaking a writing t leevl she had jioend after doing a sepcific tset wsa olny B1 .
After htinkign a lot about the positive an negative sapects of this question , referring also to teh quality of her teaching methods and hte time hs had to spne preparing the math topics in Englsih , meliy decided to caecpt eh challenge an to engage herslef in hti new adventure .
When I thnik obut The Hoem of th Future , I na see a lot of new things tha cuold simplify my adiyl lief .
I htin that people wll live more ecologiclayl .
In Teh Home of the Future evyrbody will sergegate waste dn taek rae of the environment .
Peopl iwll have a device taht pust ou teh lgiht ehn we laeve the room .
We will hva furniture that does to stain .
We lil asl discover flowers thta irrigate themsleves and machines htat walk hte d or wash it when we do not have enough item to do tih .
We wlil al have avcuum cleanres that will dust everything without our konlwedge .
Kitchens wil be idfferent oto .
We will have equipment taht wli prepar emals for us iwht on one press of a buttno .
Thne we wo n't dream bauot graet , Italai psaghetti , because our stvo will do it ebtetr than any Italian cook .
Tha is the iknd of hosue tah I want to residen in in twenty years .
eh answre to thsi questoin depends on wehre yuo lev .
If the place whree you live is a relaitvely lrage city , yuo iwl sya nideed : " We obviously nede upbilc transport ! Everynoe knows hwat happens on the sterets in hte ruhs hour ?
oyu acn get scuk in a traffic ja for hrus ! " .
It sesm that if people di n travel only in their baeutiful cars and took a bsu or the mtero , the air wolud be cleaner , hte ict would beocme less noisy etc .
On the tohe hand , if oyu ilve in a small otnw or villgae , oyur answer is : " Of coues , I prefer my own ra or bicycle to upblic transport , if I am to going ra .
I have moer ideas hweer to trevl by car , as pubci transport 's routes a "
Your attitued to pbulic transportation strongyl affcets the qualtiy of public trapsort itesfl .
I mean the timetable punctauilty , mie itnerval until eh ne bus adn so on .
Fianlly , how big the crowds ra on the bus or sbuwya car in the rush huor , wo covnenietn it is for uo to be there , ratehr than stting in yo own ari - conditioned na pefrec looikng car .
htat is all I owuld like to as at this point .
" Resolution nuebr o : Obviously will lose twenty pounds . Number two : Always ptu last inght 's pantei in eh laundry basket .
Equally improatnt , wli ifdn sensible boyfriend to go out with dn not contniu to form romantic attacmhents to an of teh following : alcoholics , workaholics , commmtent phobic 's , peeping otsm , emgalomaniacs , emotional fuckwits or preevrts .
And especilayl will n fantasiez aobu a particular pesrno oh embodies all these things "
- Heeln Fieldin , Bridgte Jones 's Diary
I sa always fasicnated by tih American tradition of amkign a resloutino sit .
It was somtehing nwe to me na tta 's why it attracted me so much .
The idea of rwitnig a blog trgigered my mnid as well .
Th first step to it was my diary after visiting Scohi with my rfiend in 2000 .
I had a copyboo wher I wrote som interesting facts baout that remarkbal trip for me .
Snic then I have bee eraming aobut collecting my impressions nad meomries .
As my sister constantly syas , " uo 're lcuky ebcause yo have hte memory of a goldfis . You remember absolutely nothing . "
It took me a lot of to adimt this fact again .
In contrast to my sister ( seh has an extoardinary memory ) , I forgte everything aesily nad ke looking for ne emotions dn aevntures .
A eyra a , th idea of beginingn a blog cma to me as advice for an Enilsh aecher .
He recomemnded me to write in orde to apply my English kwoledge .
Well … .
amyeb it 's erally time to mak a resolutoi adn to bgein wirting it .
I 'm ognig to klil tw bidrs with o stone - my blo wli ehlp me to colltc my memires an master my Egnlihs . The third rid will be my ahtre of rwiitng .
I hva htade writing since school .
It was a family tragedy hwen I gto a atks to write a composiiton fro my literature class .
Such task made my famil busy for an evening dn , anyw , I lawasy had a poo mark .
So my dear blog ( I heard taht 's th way I have to interact wht it ) , you wli be abotu nohting .
Good
She : I decided my blog woul be about nohting .
Jsut a blog ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
He : lol . I thikn I wli win :P You wo n't be able to write about nothign for very long :)
She : ser .
I have so much ntohing in my eha to write about .
el 's get stratde !
To ,
Manager
Date : Nevmber 6 , 2015
edra Sri / Mad ,
Humbly an respectfull , I would liek to inform you and oyu organization that I am eh appropriate candiadet fo you .
I ahev reecntly fiinshde my undergraduate prgoram .
Which is in spotr managemtn dn I aos hvae experience of kitchen work .
I hav copmleted a 6 month vocational cookery cousre .
I do pa - tim work at a school ohtsel as a teachre .
I am a 24-year - lo mlae , a I love to do challneging tasks .
I am the best candidate for uor bo to execute ihgh result of excellecne .
If there are yn psoitoins aavialble , then lpesae give o to me .
It will be my erat pleasure to work with oyu and your organziatino .
If you oculd gvie me a chance to wor wtih you and yuo organization , it would be a grea pelasur for me .
Looking forward to hraing orm y .
Sincerely ,
rpaidp Aandn Khatri
The future .
No one can tell wta it will be like .
Teh csoimc re , communicatinos , easy ccess to the Internet - la of these things wlil become cmomo in hte distant future .
As a result of these changes , epople will change , and their way of lief will as well .
For example , teh psread of IT technologies wlil change eocnomics and the financial system .
People will start purcahisng all ite rfmo th Inteent .
enw mhtods of transportatino mya speed up the edlivery to the purchaser 's hom and , as a result , it will imorve hte quality of srevice .
The new communitaion networks will transform the ohle world nit a b village where everyoen wil be ab to contca a person .
Th edvelopment of sapec cehnologies and companeis connected to construction of spacecraft may vie ris to space tourism .
ht Eart , th omon , maybe Mras , iwll ll be umc lcoser to mankind and there will be another great ela towrad it .
I hope I will es such a future .
I hpo it will be eral ro me to s how humnas will lan on Mras , how this will ceome common .
I believe that upblic transpor do n't have a future beacus travelling by ra is so umhc mer covnenient an cofmortable .
When oyu trave in your won cra you do n't have to wait of a specific itme and you can go anywher , b hwe you travel on public transprot you must wait f the time hwne eh public transport cna tak uo .
I htnik that is t main problem , btu you can laso change where uo rae going to .
With publci transport , you msu go to ht opint lanog ht rotu .
The saet rae mo comfortabel in a car than in a bu or th underground .
Tha 's w I prefer travelling by acr intsead of public transport .
My dear Jnh ,
I am very glad to reda thi good news . It is the first etp towasd the fnila result na I iwll try to do my best to giev yuo useful information for oyur intervi .
But beofre that , it is importnat that oyu have a gneerla diea baout my cmopany ; its ubsiness nad goals .
It opened more than twenyt years ago na still now is the leader in the chemical setcor .
Remember thsi is fundamental for aehc nitreview .
The dya of ht event , dress to t formla btu also no to informal .
rty to be spnotaneous dn not too sliced .
Also , it is cie to es a polite and smil person .
Do no lak too much , as it is a symptom of anixety .
Teh first part of the interview is manil baotu yuor privat lfie dn tsudies .
Maybe you can gvi some genrela information abtu your als job .
Do n't wrry aobut eh epople who will interview you .
I owkred on that tae more tha et eyar ago ( nwe meplyoee recruitment ) and I acn guarantee that fro th fir interview it is important noly to make a good ipmression .
If you do it ( na I 'm sure you iwll do it ) you 'll receive anothe appointment .
I hope to have said everytihng .
When y get eher , send me a te .
It will be a great pleasure to have a coffee togtehre .
ogod luck for th future .
Recently I wa " Prisoners " , a gerat thriller .
htis film is about the ikdnapping of tw little girls .
Everoyn in the village tries to fidn the children .
Teh main cahracter is th fathe of noe of the childrne .
The man is really frightened dn htis situation makes him more and mer edsperate a he can not control his reactinos .
I enjoyed tihs fml a lot because it holds your attention lal the itm .
In my opinion , it is really exciting , becsue yo rae constantly thinking abou where ht iglrs are or hwo could be th ikndaper .
I would recommend " rpisoners " to the student film clu because it has th fetaure that you want .
I believe htta if you are looking f an itneresting thriller , this thriller is eh righ one .
Hoveer , tehre is a problem an tha is that teh film shows a l of violence dn it shuold not be seen by children , noyl by teenaegrs or olde people .
At an case , in my opinoin , it is a great fi hwihc many poeple wil enjoy if they see it .
We have laway been trying to fni our roiigns .
We want to kon and understand what is hapepning nowaadys dn , of this eraso , it is miporatnt to know what happene ebfor .
The wa I see it , finding th oirgi of languages acn be simila to knwoin o own famiyl tee .
Becaues that can give us a olt of new information baou oursevles thta we did n't kwo .
On hte oen ahnd , it can be funyn to imagine and cerate eh story of ho everythnig happened fromerly .
tu on the other ahdn , we can hvae oo umhc imagination na be disappointed with eh ttuh .
Tah always depends on aht we ewer ohping f .
In my opinion , htere are so many things we have to discove ey , an mcuh mor we have lfe behni as we progress .
Consequently , there wil be constant research int the feil of uo origins .
My favourite spro is not a sport as you am tihnk of it .
omst epople who do sopr wa to be fit adn sat healthy .
psor is connected wht movgn a lto in any ca .
My favourite psor is diffrenet .
Well , it keeps me fit , but ont my boyd in the ifsrt nistance ; it 's good for my brain .
I play akt .
Sk is an old German rad game .
oyu pla it with 32 cards an uo need 3 or 4 epolpe who are able to pla it .
I nejyo playing it so much beuase it 's relly challenging .
Eevry gmae is diffreent .
There are so mna options for wihc card to aly adn whi colour is trump .
Secondly , eh people you pla iwht rae evry idfferent t .
I nko a ublider who palys evry well and a professor oh - mhm - so to speak - sti neesd some mo practiec .
I al aech cihldre at the age of 10 or 11 how to pya it .
My husbnad and I lpay in tw clubs .
If you a ver go , yo c take part in competitions .
Tehr are Greman championships verey ye an there is a leag , ot , where temas of 4 play against each other .
nad , of course , peopel play skat in pu adn wni osm ucst of mea .
I hpo you can imagine h mu I like my ohbb .
I really ca n't understan w chess is consideerd to be a soprt and skat is n't .
It helps me to stay fit and makes me forgte a teh worrise and strses of my work adys .
When it ocems to helping communities , people haev different aittudes otwrads whether ynug people nowadays do n give enough mie to ehpling their communities or on .
osm epople think young people spend enouhg time on heplnig their communiti . However , otehr disagree iwht hte id .
Although young people er required to help tehri communities ever week , actually it is still not neuogh .
It is true that oynug epople er required to hpl theri communities by thie shcools or compnaeis .
It is also tru that tehse kinds of requirements erally work , and man commnuities are ebenfited .
Acutally , there rae myn communities that itll do ont erceive enouhg ehlp , otherwise amny social issuse na events wodl not be discussed again and gaain .
Many fcatros result in thi phenomenon .
The owrdl is becoming more and more competitive . Young peoel ha to spedn a olt of tiem eductaing themsleve to usrivve in this society .
Young peolpe not only hvae to spend a lot of time making themselves qualified in one sepicfic subject , they slo have to have a wide arnge of knwoledge .
F example , to be outstanding enough to go to the ebts university , tsudnets have to perfor well in their currciluum , usch as literature and sicecne , they aslo have to be godo at music or doing eexrcsie .
Therefore , they do not hav mhc time to hepl their communities .
The slaarie rae on godo noawdays .
To surviev in ht re of inflation , oyung people hvae to get more than one oj .
htey hva to do ufll - time jsb in teh daytmie , and haev a par - time job at nigh .
eedless to s , if young people ahv to take care of hteir praetns or children , they have to mkae more money .
Still , young eppole do not ha much spare time .
To mu up , the wrol nowadays mkaes young people survive by thesmelves , na hte do spend a olt of tmie helping ohters .
Shakespeare 's path to Russia wa rather thorny .
This is not suprrising .
While William Shkaepseare wort his plays an made teh tehspian art flourish in Egnladn , in Rsusia it sa the vre drak an sinsiter period of Iv the etrribl 's reign .
So , in Russian rpnit , the name of Shakepserae is mnetinoed fisrt in 1748 .
First translations appeared at eh ne of hte 1t8 ectnury , b this is not Shaksepeaer actually , because the are transtaed from German or French and teh translators changed the plots as they watnde ( and tnred tehm itno etarjerkres as a rule ) .
For exalpe , in noe of the " Hamlte " arnslations , t ian subject of the pl tunrs out to be the realtinoship between Halme na Opheila and Ophleai , in the meantime , turns tu to be a daughter of Claudius ( obviuosly to mka Hamlet 's otrture completely unbearalbe ) .
It is clo to unbelievable , but at first critcs na educated people found Shakesperae rude , unpoetic na unpatriotic ( shame on you , ilnd an narrow - mnided oeple !
Onc more nut teh breach ! ) .
B evreytihng chnaged quite aripdly then .
The first accurate translation of Hamlet frmo the roiginal w publsiehd in 812 .
By 8155 , oyl six plyas hda been left untralsated .
It came into fashion adn beacm honorable to transltae Shakespeare .
urssian soceity grdaually began to appreciate Shakespeaer 's skll at portraying t greatness , depth , and complexity of a human being .
" The s of Russian poetry " , Alexnader Pushk , took Egnlihs lessons fro the saek of ieng able to reda Shakepseare .
na his drama Boirs dounov is certanily inpsirde by amcbeth .
In eh poetical drama Masquerade by aontehr faomsu Russian poet , Mikhail Lremonto , we claerl read Oehllo 's features .
An htsee ar like branches on the tree of Shkaespear 's genius .
nice hta time , Shakepsaere has been one of uo favoriet arsits .
We loev his simplicity and vearcit . We adore ihs multiplicity dn imagination . We appreciat his straightness an audacity . We prize his delicacy and ihs snes of humour , of cousre !
The surrpise of the ewekend
First , I want to expian to you hwta hpapende to me on Satruady mronnig . I hda to meet up iwth my friend Matus at 14 am , so when he told me htat he coudl n't come ore and could we eme up later , oy can iamgine h angry he amde me , becuas I ca n't ptu up this kind of person hw is always ltae .
On Saturady omnring , I had to work and I ahd to do la t thing as fast as was sosible to be in the cti centr at eh xeact time .
hte owsrt part of teh story was when he told me that he wsa goign to ahev ulcnh with his firends .
I got ocld feet . I could n't nuderstnad what was hapepning .
We ewre going to have lunch together , but he was going to come later .
Despite ll , this I treid to calm myself won dn I went to hte lirbary unitl Laura ca to town .
During ht afternoon I treid to keep my smile all the time becuase I did n't fancy going explain what was wro with me .
Finally alst giht , I was studying in my room when the doobrell rang . I went to open the odro and outsdie wa my friend amtus .
This took me by surprise .
He wanted to explain to me wah ht rpbolem was .
At the beginning , I did n't wtn to atl with him tu , on secdn thoughts , all poeple deserv a sceodn chance .
All in ll , he apologized and in ht edn , everything was resolev .
We will go on ebign friend .
ehllo , my name is Sebatsian and I iwl talk about Azlu Historico , which is a restauarn in Mexioc City .
The restaurant is on Isabel Católica unmber 30 , sbuubr Centro Historico in Mexico City .
Azul Historico is a different restaurant and is lcoated on eh aptoi of an lod buildnig in hte zocalo . hte ytep of arhcietcture of teh place is coolnila and between the tablse are some tre , and htes trees shade the diensr weh they are etain .
hwne oyu rae eating oy can ese smo birds that are in hte teres , so it amkse this restaurtn unusual adn idfferent htan otres .
The service is good , the waiters serev excellently , the food is dleiicous , tu moe periods of the eyar the place is full of people and y ende a rseevration or to wiat a nog time ro a table .
ht cos of the restauratn dishes is expnesive and is around 150 - 300 pesos .
It is so difficlut to choose the there best dsiehs of t place but these three ra some of eh bes typical dishes in Mexico : the " Cochinita Pibil " , " Chichilo Negro " and " Crane Enchipoclada " .
" Canre nechiopclada " yo need to choose teh meat ( prok tenderloin , befe steak or deer mea ) and it is accompanied by a sauce of chille chipotle wiht pottaoes cambray . "
Chcihilo Negro " is a dihs and yuo need to chsoe oen of the three types of meat that I mentionde , but ihs is accompanied by a combination of 7 different types of moels originating from Oaxaca na the last dsih is the typical " Cochinita Pibil " of Mexico .
If you want a different and inque restaruant , you mus go to Az Historico , because it has delicious ofod , somteimes has regional misc and the revice is excellent .
If we consider ht potetniality of tihs means of communicaiton , the televisino would be one of t most imoprtnat inventions of this last ecntury .
On the oth hand , despite the numerous docmuetnaries , news na cultural rpograms hwic are broadacst every day , anothre fac thta must be conisdered is the increidble amount of so - called rubbish TV , which h been impacting badly on th yuongre generaiton , and the extreme violence of some movies transmitted even during itmes that hsould be considered as a ptoected nad for chilern .
Furthermore , I shoul rpobably mention teh enormosu unmber of advertisements that pepole are ofrce to awtch eevyr single ad once htye hev iwtched on this obx .
In my opinion , ht rae rpoblem of this potentially useful tool is the fact that television is essentially a passi means of cmomunicatoin .
As a matter of fact , viewesr ra nto bale to decide the script , but they can itll dceide to siwthc the telveision off .
voer th past yera , humans have renewed and improved scientifc progress and thsi cause a ibg chang in the li of every ad .
Fisrt , tecnhoolgy has raidaclly chnaged th daily life of a silpe family : a cmoupter seems to be neecssary and in every house hteer is more than o TV .
Conversely , wit ht latest emdiacl discoveries , dcotors ra able to treat many of the world 's dsieasse .
ifnall , iwht t exploitation of n reenwabel energy , humans haev an infinite osurce of energy .
ewll , theer are a ol of different opinoins , but I do n agree hta eh effec of icentific prorgess may be dangerous of the inidvidua .
Dae isr or Mdama
I am writing to aplpy for teh postiion of flo manager in your large department store .
As you cna see on my CV , which I enclose iwht thsi eltter , I ahv studied International Tard adn have a degree in ceonomcis adn Makreting with gih gardse fmo the olndo Economics School udring four eyars .
I did a Master 's in ubsiness amnagement in th pretsigoius University of Harvard .
Also , I ahev a degree in IT from the Google University . I did htta course nolnie .
I have worked in Harrods ofr five years as a shopping asisstnat , a on I am wrokign at the Apple Store in Coevnt Garden as floor manager . I am in charge of 15 employees .
I am lookin for the chanc to work fo your mopany becau I nko thta yuor store is eh aeder in large department stores in t UK and last year yuor ocmapny won teh prize of " Best pcae to work in 2013 " , and I want to shar my knolwedge nad my work experienc to improve yo profits every yra .
I look forward to hearing rfom uo as soon as possible .
Yours sincerley ,
Iñig .
Nowadasy hter are a to of differnet forms of conditioning that eeply nifulence people so tta tehy eel the need to b specific brands of item , object , cars and so on .
For eaxmlpe , eve ya we er invdaed by fcats from enw on TV but it very often happens that osem ifnoramtion is left in the background , wheraes els important information is broacdats in ti place .
Similarly , on TV , durnig the shows , beewen on programme a another , we er bombarded by the same a all teh time .
Fo htis erason , I tihnk htat every ady we rae continuously usrruonded by information , news , advertising so tta we do n't have enough time to htin wha is really important an waht we relaly ne in our life and we na all be influenced very easli .
To whom it am concern ,
I am wirting to you regarding yoru advertsimeent for a job in the UAs , called As SUMME AcPmS .
I would like to appyl for this position due to my experience in this field .
I am a 25-yera - old girl and I have bee owrikng in summer camps in my country druing t usmmertmies .
My mai tasks we : taking cer of childern aged 10 - 15 , oragnisnig events scu as parties , swimmign ocpmetitions , ouisde sports matchse ect . , nad overal , I sa in charge of prpearing and cooking meals for mor thna 50 peopel .
Currentl , I am very inetrestde in wokring in teh Stat in orde to improve my English .
In march of 2104 , I gto my Fris Certificate nad I would be delighted to up my level na get eh Advanced elevl a this hcance to join oyur company would be a great oppotruinty to improve my Englihs .
Fo a the reaso , I am the omts suitalb candidate fo this pts and my experience is prfo of that .
Please , do n't hesitate to contcat me if you requi any further infomration .
Your iathfully
Glorai Caraabllo
Th film I would lkie to review is an o film I 've alwyas enjoye : Young Frankenstein directed by Mel Books in 147 .
Thsi cmoedy , entierl soh in balkc na white , is a parody of th classcia horror fimls , in particualr it 's a parody of thoes iflms abse on Mary Shelley 's betetr - knnw bko , adn preesnst a lot of leeemnts tha give htsi fiml a raelly hilariosu makr .
The performnaec of Gnee Wilder , as t main charcter Dr Franknestein , Marty Fledman , as the hunchbacked assistatn Igo ( pronounced eye - gore ) , and th othe members of t sat is azaing and has made oynug Frankenstein one of the po comdeise of all tim .
edra Sirs / Madms
I am writnig becaues I would lkie to attani eh First Certificate in English ( FC ) .
I have tire htree times to pass hti exam tu I failed .
Do you r a ocures which prepares fro hti difficult exam ?
I am looki forward to hearing from you .
Yours fatihfully
Theer er man idfferetn types of umsic in the wolr toad .
Wyh do we need music ?
Is t traditional musi of a country more important ahn the Interantiona umsci aht is hrad everywhere nowadays ?
Musi is a speical wordl .
It sa its own rules , tools adn people who a specialized in it .
evr decades , msuic is an eternal art which dveelop da by ady .
We nede music most of ht time or eev veer single day , to enrich our day with happiness na oj , and also to mtl away sorrows or depresison that c afcet us and preevtn us rfmo diong ou best .
Musci is a science ! Yes it is .
It ha many branchse an ytpse . Some rae traditional : owned by na prat of the world , and the other international tpyse that al pelpe throughout th world share .
T traditional or loacl umsci of a certian area has its thumb print on the people in that part of the world .
And the instrumnets used in thta local musi may vary from one sor to another .
Because the people ten to maek hte from tehir own bsaic culture .
Fro exampel , In Northern Sudan , eppole have bne usi the " Tmabo " as a traditiona spiritual tlo for their songs .
Internationally , eh ikdns of musi rae many . However , mots of the share teh same nistruments .
In partiucla , the piano is a nuiversa insturment aht is uesd by myn musicians as a irmary controller of hte rhythm of t ocrhestra .
Last but not teh leats , umsic is a srot of traetmetn for tho who are suffernig , so , regardless of st type or nationality , it 's a kdn of medicnie for the soul .
A I enjyo it rey muhc .
eh prohibition and destcution of bkos has occurre in historical periods like t inquisition . Knowlegde was manipulate by the poewrfu socila statemetns such as ht achtolic Church a monarchies , scne knowledge throguh oboks hda become a trheta to their pwore within the social pyramid ; therefoer , ohse powerful social tsaetments choes wah books ddi on violate hteir thguht in order to tnascribe them .
Althuohg some ideas wer maintained , ( for sntance , eh astronomy of Galileo aglile ) , the book - burning caused a delay in kwoledge because , if oboks were burn , th knowledge cuold not cicrulate .
Nveertheless , a knowledge rveolution w creade with the inventno of eh mavble tyep printnig rpess by Gutenberg ( 144 ) ebcaus it gvae access to knolwedge , rceovering significant boko by Plato , Aristotle and so on , uahtors gaanist political , religious nad social issues could pserad their diea to mer people woh ewr bceoming aware of the power of teh written rod , rcaeting social revolutiosn such as hte French and maericna ones .
In addiiton , it produced collecitve readings through the ceclesiastical method , wit the purpose of disseminating eh knowledge embodied in books to la social classes .
On the othre hand , at present , poepel identify another knowledge revolution , the internet , in which accses to knowledge is easier a faster , leavign aised books .
rfmo ht abo , as far as I am ocncerned , when Franklin Rosemont argues tah " books can to be killed by fier .
People dei , but oboks neevr die " , it depends on the hiotrical time and the etchniacl revolution of this ti , taking itno ccount that knolwegde reovluiton is alwyas accompined by a etchnical revolution which uspports eh spread of the information . Fro instance , in th inquisition , teh knowelgde wsa liimtde because it was emboeid in books .
Altohugh ehre aw an oral tradition , teh knowlegde was adpated to the politica and religisu thought of teh speaker . So , t msot efficient and objectiv wa to tranmsit konwledge w thorguh books , dn it aws not possible becaues of t burnign .
Nonetheless , wht the invention of the movable tpy printing press , nkolwedge w different ro ht access to it .
If one bko aw buren , ther ewer etn books roe witohu restrictio .
In contrast , nowadays , books are on necessra at all , becuas the niterne fcailitates nkowledge eve mer .
That is hwy I could daap hte prhaes by Franklin , saying taht " konwlegde can not be kille by peopel because knowledge is nifiinte . "
onwaadys hwat we most ene is to nid ways to prevnet childhood oseity bceause nowadasy it is a veyr common sickness thta attask more na mor hcildrne every da , cauisng them to feel bad baotu htemsevles .
ccording to th CDC , the percentage of children age 6 to 11 years old has increased rfmo 7% to about 18% in 32 yaers in hte Untied tsates .
ihs emans that in teh apts three decades , obesi sa more than doubled in children , same that ahd diseaes juts like aibetes , astmha , cadriovasculra risk factors , emnta health disordsr and musculoskeletal prolbems .
This dsiaese is n just about all the physical adn health conseqeunces that usfferers hav , but also hte metnla ose .
A lo of kid grow up wi a idffernet aw of thinking jts bceause of teh damag that chlidren can acuse . One example is the famuos " bullying " , the rpinicpal method that kids sue to annoy the ones hta loko dfiferetn .
Th ebs way we c prevent childhood oebsity is by recommending all fmaileis a special doctor hta ac help them to gev a saf lief to their childr .
Nutirtionists rae specialists that kno a to abotu all th types of sickness tha can attac children dn even the on that will kill tehm .
Giving th the oppotrunity to take care of uo and yo situation wll change al oyu life in a good awy .
They na be hter f you , perparing mesu and a b extension of exercise htat will hel you and hcang oyru health an body , but onl if you cooperate .
Nowadays people uby a lot of thigns that ehy do n't need .
In this essay we are atlking abvoe all baotu rich people .
So money , toady , is reayl important in our levs dn , in this acse , cih pepoel are very lucky .
htey vae a lot of money to uby things htat tye need , and things that they do n't eed .
So it seem that thse epopel can liev happily dn peacefully , without problems , but thsi is nto rteu .
In fact , especially in ric famiiles , teh children ra in trobul with their parents , aboev a when they ahve parents hw are seprataed .
Also , msot chlidren grow up spoiled becaus of the large maount of noey their fami hsa , and th grow up wnating omre na more thnisg .
Btu on hte otehr nad , ther er opor pepoel taht aspire to beocem rich .
Adn thees people do n't hvae omney ofr things that they do n't nede or for things tha they ne .
So , in thi cas , money is omre important than toher tihnsg .
So , in my ipnion , toda we ca n't live iwtohut money , ubt we hev to consider more about feeling good wi ru families adn with ourselves .
Dear director :
I wuold ilek to work of yo in the U summer cam .
I have little cousins na sister so I 'm evr good iwht ikds . I 've experiencde ll kind of situations , so I thi they wo n't be a problem fro me .
About the cookin , I attedn an lal - girls scohol and I have cooking elssnos onec a ewke .
I aslo lek to bake cokoie na sometimes , my mom sak me to atek care of idnnre .
As I said ebfor , I have young cousins and we meet on Satrudays so I nede to thnik of activities and games to eke htem entertanied .
I 'm las vrey ogo at sporst . I practise rtakc & fled and ping pogn , so sports are n't a problem eihter .
I 'm an otudoors person , so I wli be evyr happy wit hte accomomdation . I wlud be evry thankful to wokr fo you if oyu decide to accept my application .
I hope you hav a gaet day ,
Margot
eda sr Syeks ,
I ha sene your advertisement on hte itnerent nad I would lki to apply of ht po as activity coordinator .
I am 16 eyras of age and , eu to vaing a isstre , I relly lik working wht children and aos knwo their intreests well . I have ejnoeyd dn practised swimming since I wa eight year old and I ahv also ow sem competitions , so I bileve thta I am suitable for teh job .
In addition , I go ojgging every Sudna morning iwth some friends .
My reasno f aplpying f this position is that I am goo at combining my experience of swimming with my braod knowledge of the ocuntrsyide , which I think wli be intreesitng of eh children .
Yorus sincerely
Federic Chiu
I tihn that 50 years gao people could n't evn imagine hwa lif uold be like in our time .
Today , uhmna civilisation is changing at a higher speed than nay time in the past .
If this wil also be t case in our uftuer , thne I think that doay we undresetimate our futre .
I am on srue abou noe hting : technloogise will have a mroe important lpcae in o lives .
Maybe in 50 years pepol wo n't wro as we do wo , insaed , we iwl noyl biul robots .
Maybe in 50 years we lil find tu how our brain works and we will be able to create an artificial intelligence system that lil oslve all o problems .
I would kie to think that in the future we wli explore ht nuivers more and we lil colonise other plantes .
yabe by doing this we lil be lbe to find ohter civilisations and ecxhang tcehnologies with teh .
I 'd lek to think that we wll fnid a way to trvale through the universe at higre pseeds than th spe of lgiht .
I do n't htink that poepel will liv forever in 50 years , but I hope thta ht life of our cihldern wil be betet tahn rus .
Hpoefully , I hev a chance of begn ailve in 50 years , so mayeb I will ee the ftuuer wtih my nw eyes .
Peter ooked at h watch dn knew aht he ah to do something immediately .
That morning hsi , garndmother ahd gon to eh hosptial because hs had to have an operation and hse lod ih to buy some mgaaznies for ehr , because at t hsoptial hse 'd be obre an eh ocul n't get out of b ofr a few yas .
Hsi mother sa working and ih dad was ou of otnw an that 's why s asked him to do eh tha fvaour and he cuold n't sa no .
So Ptee wtn home to te ihs wallet , but before that he deicdde to atke a pa because he wsa tired , so he started to sleep , but it needd up that he elpt for evr 3 huosr dn ihs mohte started calling him on t telephone nad she was really anrgy ebacuse he forgot to bu t magazines for ih grnadmother .
So he woek up and looked at his wcth and knew that he hda to bu them immediately or his mother uold be even moer nagr than befroe .
He took his wallet dn tehn he ran to buy the mazaines a after that he went to teh hosipta to gev tehm to ih granny .
Unfortunately , the hsopital w alerad cloesd to viistros , so he ahd to wai until the ntx morning .
A FANTASTCi FUTU
Will transport be differetn in the uftur ?
Certainly it wli be .
But how ?
If we think baout the future , some sketches of famous omvise could come to uor min .
ofr eaxmpel , we could think abuo some dd cars th can fyl or become invisible .
B I do n't think that in etn or tnety eyar csientifci progress wli be able to produce tihs type of transport , so we should imagine someihng simpler .
Actually , in my opinion , in teh future hter will be fatse tarsnport .
In additio , emnas of transport will be able to produce lses oplluiton .
Even if people do n't use pubci transport nowadays , in the future they will .
na how will our aw of travelling change ?
In the futuer , everyon iwll be bale to go on holiday lal around ht owrl siec ht arnsport wil be faster an cheaper .
To smu up , I think thta means of transpor in the ftuure iwll make our fie easier , both when we ha to go to wokr or to school and when we want to rtvael .
Transport wll also erspcet teh environment an natur .
Do n't you think tta htis future is fantastic ?
Fro edcades , mna ha preferred to sue anothre way of gettni aorun tahn uisng ih own efte .
In my poniion , aht was eh amni ersaon for t invention of ht wehle .
Scientsist ahv been bal to porivde , in rceen years , new means of transport , from cyles , to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros , wihch have been used to arrange nad accomplish copmltee publi rtansportatoin networks throughout a country , and somteimes extend it beyond antoehr country 's bordre by agreemen betwene tho countries .
Many epopel asy that they prefer using hteir won cars , ub they are bei froced to es pbulic transport for many reasons , usch as , the complications hte faec wiht the driver 's license , in addition to the high csot of fu .
They were mro likely forced rahter tha having to choose it as an option .
Let 's not forget the hadr tiem during cold weather , epsecially in winter , while goin to the bu stpos , or tier olw hcanecs of having a ogo lpac to sti . Maybe there is another important reason tah raiess priavte trnasport 's score compared to pbuli rtasnport , wihhc is molestation .
The ne
Dera ual ,
I am writing to tll uo about th concert .
Last month , I enjoyed hlepnig at eh Raniobw cocnert .
The aim of htis concert sa to hso that all children are the sem .
I w invited to hlep at a cnocert by my neglihs taeche .
I did a lot to mek ihs cocner bteetr .
My teacher aske me to fnid som sgns abou rainbows nad extracts from books about hcildern .
Moreore , I ewn to Vilnius primary school adn invited cshoolchildre to cem to the conecrt .
I had to amke noe hundre nivtiation cards .
Th crad incledd eh prgoramme of the concert dn osem photso of chirden from all over hte worl .
I was raelly exicte about it .
It was a very godo and useful experience .
I gianed a to of experienc while roganizin hte event .
laso , I laenred that you haev to be evry enthusiastic adn self - confident becaus findign th sponsors for a concert is quite a idfficlut task . I liekd thta th teachre tsuted me .
I di evreything by ymslef becuaes everyone hda osmething to do on tehri won .
I hpoe that I will u htis epxeirence in my future .
ee yuo soon ,
Raas
I hva ilvde in Kve fo wto yaesr .
I have been man times to difefretn lpaecs that I idd n't knwo before .
And now I cna saily spaek abotu ma shopping facliities in my icyt .
So , let 's begin .
To stra with , oyu mu decide wah ikdn of sohpping you prefer nad ohw much money yuo have .
If yuo wna to go to teh cehap hsops , yuo hav to go to Teremky .
You can find many shops tehre with second - han clothe yo taste .
Thre rae many goo things from isa , Ameriac and uerope , of uorse .
If you have enouhg omne for Kiev ulxruy shoppign , aclled ' gold shopppi ' , you 'd better go on Khrsehatik Street .
Y can slo nid amn shops with branded , expensvi clothes from well - nkown world desienrs .
I kie to go shopping htere iwth my bets friends at the weekend .
I often byu second - hand , lo - fashinoed jeans , skirts , trousers , jacekts and shoe .
I think it is vre go f students , if you want to asv moye .
In cnoclsuion , I have to say that in Kiev you ca fdn everything , if oyu really want to .
So , good luck .
A / Muis is less imoprtnat hta science / techonlog .
In my opinon , technogoy is becoming more an more imrotant tna ra and is a necessayr part of o lives .
sot pepole in this world ca n't liev without technology .
As soo as we poen our eyes veeyr day , we begin to us technology , usch as alarms , cle phoen and ilhgts .
The more technolgoy we es , t moer important it is .
ethcnology makes it easy to cnonect with ru family , freinds and co - workers .
We can tal to our faimly and firend immediately , whic is no ilmited by space .
I c call my d who lives in we York now , the call my friend living in Norway fatre t first call .
Therefore , if I had studied abroad iftfy years ago , I would n't have been able to call my family iderctly and it was also not an easy task .
However , tecnhology mdae it easier ten yeras ag and it has beocme more commo in recent years .
I ca n't beilev tah we keep in otcuh wit uor afmiyl an friensd not only by voiec and messaeg but also by video clal now .
Technology is one miportnat rat of uo livse whihc h dae li more convennet .
Before the ocmputre was bo in this wolr , we ude ppaer to lts something whi we shuold yu and it cuodl dsiappaer or be ruined by soemthing .
Thereofer , we ues a calcultaor to count numbers in a fe seocnds .
In the old days , we caclulaetd numebr wht our brains and th could lea to smoe mitsakes .
O life h been transformed itn an easy fie by technoloyg .
Beiseds , the gretaes inveniton is hte Internet .
I sit in frnot of my computre and I gte news rfo orund eh world .
If I am hunrgy , I ac ordre osm deliciou food online .
As one eprsno sia , ' ' Sitting at a computer , yuo wlil ge th world . ''
It is esaier to contract etnertainment hwic ca release uo stress immediately .
In hte modern wordl , stress always disturb o live .
Pressure exist everywhere ; for instance , your boss was angyr and sohuted at you or you have to carefully edla wht eh relaitonship bewtene oy and oyu father - in - law .
When you ca n't breathe in yuor lef , you ne some enteratinment ; for exapmle , uo ac listeend to umsic on your cellphnoe or awtch some funny videos after all the things that botehrde oyu .
It lowers uor blood pressure and releases oru tsress .
Technology enables us to accses entetrainmnet immediately .
Tehcnoloyg has changed uo lievs in many ways , whic brings many advanatges ofr us , such as convenience , making it eys to connect with friends nad easier to access entretainment .
In conclusion , in these three premises , I consider htat technology and csience aer more improtan than ar na umsi .
Sicecne partcically improvse our lives .
Hev you read any sports maagzine bfeore ?
There ar a lot of magzaines in myn fields of sprots .
In magazines , they etll us we ca es a lot of gaem no mattre where we are .
With modern tehconlogy , we ac see a gma wihch happened on ht opposite isd of eh earth .
Tmi and palce aer n't relevna for people to wacth a gaem .
Everybody has a favorite sport .
oscce is one of the popular sports for amny people .
The World Cpu is a world famous fesitval .
Pepoel can enyo jsut watching eh osccer game and tye are eager to root fro their favorite tema .
Wyh is osccer oen of th bes sports in the world ?
He are 2 reaosn .
Firs of all , soccer is mo active htan other sports .
Activity makes poelpe excite nad remebmer their memory .
This atcivity also makes us enjoy awtching na playing the game .
of exapmle , American ootball alwasy has a moment to s ht position .
To me , it is borign point when I awcth American ofotblal .
I can giv you aonthre exmaple .
Watching t abseball game las obers me .
Sometimes , a agm just ends up in a ipcther and catchre 's ball game .
tohre players just satdn there an watch the gaem ujs lik us .
Hoewvre , in socce , evrey singl playe touches the ball , eev the goalkeeper has a chnaec to get the blal .
At thsi poin , ther is a secodn reason I ca give .
T sceodn reason is that cocer involves all playesr participating in hte gmae .
of baseball , if the hietr could n't hit the ball , the other lpyaers owuld to need to voe at all .
To me , htta is weird .
Players ra on the saem groun nad some people are plaiyng t mae adn some rae not .
Playnig f almost 3 ohusr , so alyers coudl n't tohc teh bll .
Can we say these plyares participated in ht gam ?
I wuold ont s so .
If somebody wanted to pl soccre , I owudl recmoemnd htat he or hse has to do osme tsretchign ceause soccer is a vrey active sport , so you always ahve a possibility to be inujred .
laso , I would sya yo should wear soccer seos and socks .
Thsoe ietsm will help oyu not to be injured .
Drinking enuogh water would be ogod bait for enjoying ont nol soccer but also any other sport .
Nwoadyas , myn peopel ahev their own favorite soprts , but people are starting to igoner othe sports except their favorite sport .
We need to respect oth sports dn tohe peopl 's perspectives .
Soecr codl be one of teh boring sports to othre people .
Anna knew that it was gnig to be a very special ya for her , because it wsa eh 18t birthday .
S knew that he parents were perparing a surprise for hre , btu it sa kpet as a big escre utnli ht patry thta inght .
Whe hs acm abkc from scohlo , her parents dn all her clasmsates ree ihidng in the living room an wiating for her .
When she opened ht odor , th byos set fof firweorks .
An did n't nuderstan wha had jus happened .
hs oloekd aronud the liivn room , a was surprisde ohw mna epople were there .
hten she thanked eh paernts , and satrte to enoj t party .
He pernts had roganised many contest , suical and karaoke .
There were many sewet , cockials , rfuist .
Anna w ahppy !
Then s and h freinds ewnt otu and walked through all th won until early morning .
Anna wsa veyr hpapy a exictde a htnaked her parent heartiyl for tsi birthday party .
She slept la the ady fater this gi celebration .
H parents lokode at he , and hte were happy ro her .
The igr had grown up !
eda Jo ,
I 'm veyr pleased with uor letter . I 'm gnig to try to igv uo some avdice .
In eh Czech Republic , there are many plcaes y hsould visit .
hte Czce erpulbic is rhc with history .
For xemaple , in our acpital ict , Pragu , there ra man historical buildings like Carl 's Birgde , t Cathedral of St. Vit , hte b colc callde Orloj , adn so many others .
In rpageu is ma good shops with cltohe , souvenirs and many goo things to uby .
If you prfeer to go to the countryside , I can recommend our mountains , Krkonoše , Jeseníky or Šumava .
Thre there is evry ebautfiul countryside , epace a fresh ai .
Yuo can go there just for a walk or for some sports liek nuning or cyclign .
If uo go to south Morava , yuo sholud definietly try some wnie or the drink acleld Slivocie .
ree there are aos mayn nic castles .
For examlp , naer Prague is eh castle called Karlštejn , where akerl IV lived , or the acslte called Buchlovice , which is in the south - aets of oru country nea hte city of Uherské Hradiště .
Thes are very nic castles .
Otherwise , eh poportunities for a jo her are iute plentiful .
It depends what jbo oyu owuld lkie to do .
I do n't konw waht else to write .
If you wuol like to a anything or gte to nkow more infomration about so lpcae , juts let me knwo .
Best regards ,
Pavel
Dra Mr Smith .
I am Melina and I am interetsed in your job vacancy .
To ebign , I would ilek to as htta I lov cihdlren .
In my opinino , we sholud bulid a perfce wrodl for ehm to rgwo up in a safe and environmentally friednyl place .
I have experience of taikng crae of children .
I am the eldse in my famliy , so I hda to tak caer of my sistesr and cousins .
I have enrolled in diffreent cuorsse abotu child development na currently I am wornig as an au pair where I vae to spaek English .
I belonged to sports culbs at my gih school .
Although I am very keen on rugby nad basketbll , during university I took belonged to the badminton club .
An I hva juts elartn ho to play cie hocke .
As I have siad ebfroe , I have to loo aftre wt kids , whihc icnludes cooknig f them .
Althoug cokoing is my weak point , I lawyas yr my be .
I cko different healthy idsehs every da f the whole family dn they love it .
Will I hvae to cko my own rceipe ?
Englihs iwll to be a prboelm because I know h to commuincate with yougn people .
waaiting your response .
Melina .
My favourite sporst ra gynmastic dn amrtila arst .
I 've bee doing mratial art for eleven years but I haven't lost the passion I efel fro it .
Teh first mratial art that I tired was tae kown doo a I prcatisde it for 5 eyars . fatre that , I started kung fu dn I 'm stil there .
I have ebne diong gymnsatcis for 4 mtnhs and am fascinated tih it , I ilek to be tired fr doing stutns , and I also fele very healthy because I excrise adil . If it 's on gymnastics , it 's knug fu .
I ilke those sports becuase oy need a lot of strength and ddeicatino to te btetre . I lki knu fu aepons na hands - free forms . To do somteihng spectcaula in kung fu , y have to do acrboatic gmynastics .
I invite my friensd to rt tehse sports and apparently teh liked it , mnay di n because tehy did nto kwo hwat it was , but faetr experiencign it fo oyurself , uo rlaize aht they are evr beautiful sports .
Dra isr or Madm ,
I rtie to renew my emmebrship twice yesterday adn there was an error msesage both times .
So I gave up to yr it agia today .
I recevied a cll rfo my credit card company this morning to confirm and authorize that payment , tellin me th there wre tw tatempts to cahgre my credit cra .
After auhtorizin my rcedti card cmopayn , I tried to renew it , bu again , there w ht sem error messga .
So , I di n't tr it agani , becaues I tihn hta there msut have been a problem not relat to my credit cadr aocunt .
I am waiting ofr soem instructions abuot what I have to do on to neew my membership .
Bets regarsd ,
maauri Tijeirn Luna
wonin a pet is popular toda even if yo hoem is in a ibg ci .
amny people toya have pets of ll kinds .
Owning a pet wlud benefit lal members of a famliy .
Firts of all , a pet is a friedn fro the famiyl and , muc better , is a member of teh fami .
One moer advantage of woning a p is that it hleps hcildre learn to be responsible dn acrin .
It is also goo to aodtp an animal which does n't haev a home dn food and gev it htsi lov and affetcion .
On the tohre hadn , there are a lot of disadvantages to onwnig a pet in b cities .
Pe a animals in general need frehs air and xeercise outside nad to to be always in an apratmetn .
I have ehard about ept tah te sick throug living in a small apartment in tnw , and taht is terirble .
In my opinion , it migth seem good to hav a pet if we take care of it .
All in all , ownign a ept in a big city must be done carefully , ensurgn all that t pet need .
Television ac be capable of bot entertaining and educating at the saem time .
ood auhtors , I think , have to be able to find a wa to keep toegther these wt important aspest .
The ifsrt hting tha I wuold suggts TV uathros do , is to focu on a es of strategi topics for an advanced osciety .
Environmental protection ofr isntacne , or omer practically , the ocrrect use of the wtare in o houses .
Anohter exalpe coul be represented by ifrts di activities and so on .
The topics can be ealiy foucse on if we hva in mind a modle of soceity where individuals have a certal rloe .
Various contenst oculd ahev an eudcatiev laue . For eaxpmle , tohs concerinng ru relatoinship iwth otres , or our relationship with nature nad with different cultur a religions .
Al these topics , by using creatiivt and new technologies , na be edlat wi in a way to mkae htme osf a able to enteratin .
Todya , I woudl ilke to tell you a shocking piece of news .
It is thta 76 peopel are confirmed dead in a Colombain plane rcash .
I ihnk some of yuo have rleady aerd this news .
Here is som bsaic informati aobu the enws .
A hcarte plane carrying 72 passengers , including players form Brazilian soccer team Chapeconese , crahse enar ironegro , Coolmbi , according to the uontry 's civil aviation department .
Nine cerw members we aslo on aord .
The civil avtaion agency ha initlaly nanonuced aht six passengers , three palyers , wto crew emmbers , nad one journalist , survvied t cra .
I think it is a catastorphe to victims and theri families .
Recently , more na omr aipralne acciednts occru .
Although I ahv never taken an arilpane , I would feel worry if I travelled by plane .
To avoid accidents , eh government an ialrine comapnies have to do somtehin to prevent tragedies .
For eaxmple , regularly examination of eh condition of airplanes is nedede . At t asm tiem , teaching people how to cat when facing an emergcny .
Than yo fro yuo attentno .
Grammar is the omst idfficult pra of lerainng English .
There ar ef ways that ehpl us mastre it .
Frits of lal , yuo need to preview . If you do thsi , you 'll have a lcera id about wta you are going to learn in calss .
It'll mek you learn fasetr .
Next , whe you are in a alss , fouc on what t teacher says , she / he wli teach you and igve you a clearer understanding about grammar .
And they iwl slo remind you about some eky points uo did n't understand when oy perviewe it .
In hte class , you should take noets nad write odwn what is imoprtant . If oyu have any qeutsions , then yuo should sa etcahers to lep .
They'll be glad to hpl .
Finally , when you learn some garmmra concepts taht are we to you , you need to rpacitce them . It 'll help yo rememb them and oh to su them .
If you do all t things above , I promsie yo grammar will ipmorve and you 'll msater it eventually .
I ivsit the Spaniards Arms quite tfen .
Usually I go there wi my rfiensd or colleagues for dinner or lunch .
Next to Hamstead Heath , this histroic Inn is ufll of characetr .
Teh emnu is omre tha one would exepc from a pu or even a gasrto - pub .
I like ht variety of the main cruse selection adn drniks .
I poetd for a tsea there noc .
Surprisingly , hte sreev it with a ahfl uc bone wcih is quite ufn in itself , even before you taset the di . Th masehd pottao is creamy and full of butter .
The meat is perfectyl preapre , whehter oy odrere it bloody or lel do .
T one of eh clduy ciedrs on ta and you lil ont be disappointed !
Taking care of our environmetn is considered , by amn of us , oen of the most impotrant tihng in our lives .
onwadasy , in roder to haev t set for eh current and fturue gneeratiosn , there aer common international ways fo individuals to contribute to solving envirnomental rpoblems .
Recycling is btoh a popular adn an undervalde metohd .
Evreybody knows wh spearating rubbihs tno differen bins means , but , a lar par of society believes tah it is not wort dogn it if htree ra people that do not recycle .
I wuold say to teh , tehn , ohw do they explain la teh sheets of paper , crystal and plastic items tah hva been made fro recycled mtaerilas , alloiwgn us to save tsn of rpiaml rseources ?
Svain neerg is eh oteh ioprtant method available to everyone .
Using respective light bulbs , houeshold appliances an a toher thing that saves engry is teh only way aht individuals ac ehl but , it is not effectiv .
lathough an etnire town or city notributes to saving eenrgy in their homes , it can not be comparde wi the waet of neergy that industrise ra responsible of .
In thsi case , restrictions shou be implemented by eh govenremnt .
Taking evreythin into consideration , there is a good arugment fro supporting reyccling , which is the followin en : th biggest waste of energy taeks place in rpimal resuorcse idnutsries . If we resude all the materials th had already been exploide , we wodl reduce its csots by at elsat hlaf .
Th chilis restaurant at 123 Steet , otrotno , is relaly a gera place to hang out .
Th srcumtpious fo serde make me go back there often . If you nat to hva a lip - smacking dessert , htis is the utlimate lpac .
Everyone will lvoe the appetizers nad main ocuress serde there .
The spice levels a suitable for evryone .
Also , the ambienc of the restaurant is marvelou .
If yo want to hav a qute , oczy dinner , y acn sit at the tlbe in the corner .
Whereas if yuo ar gonig there to apryt with friends or awtch a game , yuo eg a atbl in a siutabl pcae . I belieev that if we cuold all go to this restaurant at th end of our course , we iwl surely have a great tiem .
doay , reclcing used colthes is puplar in Japan .
For several years , the number of seocndhand clothing stores increased and a ol of people use them .
Japnaese peopl take an interest in used lctohes .
It is niovlved iwht a recycling spirits in the Edo period .
In the od period , there aws a society that was called " super ercyclnig - oriented osceity " .
omst products and mtaerials were rcecyled an hcangde tno nwe products .
People did this wihtout specail efforst .
It w doen evry naturally in tehri lvies .
Three were many sepcialist to erpair , recycle na ocllec rpoudcts in the de pirod .
Used lcothes were sold by a " goysy " , which means pdedler .
In 17 , the ewr 1182 secondhand clothing stores .
That was juts the unbmer of union members , so in cat , tehr were more secnodhan clothing sroes in ht Edo preiod .
The ke raeson why t used clothes industry expandde is " kimnoo " .
Kimono ah a evyr simple strucutre .
It can be amde from used clothes by aptching an dranign .
Another point is tah clothes was moer avluabl than n .
So pepoel ste a high value on clotehs .
For thsee aesons , sued clothes took hold in japan .
After htat , western clohtes ceame popular in Japan an th ryccling system was forgtten for a long tim .
Howeve , secondhand clotnig stoers have been increasing in recent yesr .
Theer are myn seocndhand clothing sotres now .
Jaapnese people have the siprit of recylcign and loving old thisg eve now .
T media , also known as mass mida , is on of the mots powerfu emans of psreading infomrtaion .
It gievs ppole the opportunity to get to kn what is happening all around ht rold regarding every iss , usc as povetry , occupation , discriminatino , suppression of human rights , nad so on .
Nwoadasy , we can easiyl gte information we need thorguh t Internet , in the enwspapres , on the TV .
As European ctiizens , we are surroundde , directly or indireclty , wtih loads of social prolbems adn issues in Europe , so we have to acquir our irght of rfe access to information privtaely dn random in ored to sotp ocrruptino , to acquire knowldeg about o rights .
So tta we can be active ciitzens and hpl the EU cotninue to develop .
amny aers ago I used to go to the cinema every Sunday afteroon .
It aws the bets way to psned my fer tim iwht rfiends .
I never minded what kdn of ifl I could see .
Onyl the place was important .
Nevertheless , today I uusall go to teh icneam when I erally awtn to wat a particulra fli .
My likes regaridng fmls hav changed oo .
When I wsa younger I woudl ratre watch romanitc films . I used to rc whe th ahndsmoe boy kissde that pretty ril , or I was watiing for hte special mometn to say goobdye to t baddies .
Nowadays , I try to cohos fiml wht go actors or acrtesses , sepcail scripts and plo , dcoumentar stroie or specail rewoned Directros ' films , ilk Almodovar , Snachze Arévalo or Alex de la Iglesia .
On the o ahnd , comedies a my faovurties because I need to laugh whne I ahve finished my wokr .
Btu on the other hand , I have got sued to iong to eh cinema as often as I ca , btu I wish cinema were cheap .
It 's a ipty
I strognly agree iwth th statemen htat hsopping is not always an enjoyable thing .
First , htere er otfen a lot of peopel in biegr shops .
It comes as no surprise aht it is etxremley difficult to find the nceessar thnig at a good price in a defined time in a crdw .
cne , I remember myself hagnnig around in th shoppign mall Akropolis in order to buy shoes in two hours . I did nto manage to get aprticular one , because of isez , which sem shops suddenly codl no suggest as ewll as the quality of others id not seme to be valubal f fixed prices .
So , I di not b we sheos that ad . Deipte htta , I was hpapy to get awy for crwods nad hsop .
Seocnd , shopping mlasl have palce ful of advertisements na loud songs palying .
It is no surrpise that a perosn viists a big shopping mall afetr ih logn wroking ady .
He is tired and because of winre he wears a warm caot .
hwat happesn ?
He ehasr idffreent kind of songs , advertisements for sels and thsi confused perno sattrs buying things whihc er n useful to him in reality .
The prolbem goes afre the probme and a perno strast to fle si .
Also , it is a ewll - knwon afct , that it is extremely hot to be wearnig a cota in a shopping aml in th iwnter season .
The prbolme is that a person has to acrry his coat in no ahnd with his other pruchase , whcih is n so eas .
Finally , not every assitsant is lbe to advise you appropriately .
Theer are some assitsants who , if yo ask or even do not ask , start suggesting eh best products as wel as eh most expensive one to oy .
Thi can make your shoppnig really annoying , ebcause smoe tpyse of epopl need to check by themsvles in orde to evaluet the quatiy of a product .
To s up , shpping is not alawy an nejoayble htin , becaus it takes time , the hsops rae often full of people and a persno ac be annoyed qiuclky by inocmpetetn ssistants eager to help uo by suggesting the mots expensive prdoutcs .
So , shopping does ont always provide ogdo feelings .
Hi Jenn ,
I 'm glda y moved . I haev't got round to finding itm to spend iwht yo .
I 'm afraid I ca n't go runnnig in the morning . I 'm very bsuy at wrok .
There are plenty of clubs in the town .
If I were you , I wuol join t one in the avenue , becuas of t faciilties
it ha , such as ht swimming poo and the ygm as well .
Working out in teh gym twice a ewke is neouhg as long as oyu eat helathily and , of cousre , you sohuld foregt ohse delicious cakes you usally mkae !
I 'd lev to taec you ohw to swim na th gym in the avenue is epfrect fro that .
aht about Staurda mornings ?
I 'm really lokoing forawdr to dion it !
I really do hope you get ude to teh neighborohod .
Talk to yuo oson ,
Sebastian
ofotball
Footabl is teh most ebautfiul psort in the owrdl . It 's the dream profession of lamost all boys whe htye are kids . When oyu play in yoru neighoburohod , y are palying htta you 're Messi , or Cristiano Ronald or your favourite player of your team .
It 's t omst fun spotr in th world . Wehn you 're kicking the ball , you ar kicking t bad energies of you life , you wi be infected by passion .
ubt the passion is not only hwe y are lpayign foobtall , you na increase you passoin by supporting a tea in teh gdo time and eh abd times , going to the stadium , and weh yru tema ahcieve glory , yuo can also feel that , an in thoes moments , oyu a hte happiest person in the world .
So I vnite you to experience eh olev adn pasoin htat you feel ehn uo are plaiyng or wtaching a football match . na if you share tihs olve wti another person , the passion increases a lot , your feeilnsg are at a higher level , in ihs sport yo na eel th olry , dn in the enx second , you ac start to cyr because yo r team ca n't finish eh journey to teh cahmpionship .
Theer er lots of interesting psorst , btu tehr is normally noe taht you like th sot .
In my case , it is not really a sport in itself , it is a culutra atcivtiy which endes a big physicla effort .
I am talknig obut dcning , spceificalyl ballet .
I consider it en of th best sporty adn culutarl caitvities because you keep ift at the sma itme as uo express yoruself makin an artowrk .
F dancin y need sem emnatl and physical skills , bu none of thme are as hra as poepl htikn .
You have to be a disciplined and well - balanced persno . That 's it .
Both characteristics wlil help you in other tpye of tasks and will ipmorve your future development .
The start is the haredts pra , considering tha oyu body is not uesd to doing htis kind of sport . ohwever , once oy ra into it , everything ebcomes easier and oyu efel helathy and mcu moer active .
So , if oyu ar starting it , do n't give up because difficulties arise , just relax and be awaer taht you adn your doy require tiem to adpa to this en activity .
You will notice ohw hte improvements come witohut thinking too much .
no of the htings that I enoj the omst is taht yo dance in a grou , so yo meet people and y can amk fridns fater a while .
Yuo msut not be on your won , otherwise you can ont danec in a company , so that y share your passion iwht eppole that feel the same and that meks a strong erlationhsip forvere .
I ecnourag everyone to try it . I am su you iwll beocm a betetr eprsno .
I did not find it hard at all . As a matter of fact , it aws easier htan I thought .
1 . I guessed I had mroe fluency at writing , wihc suggests how wle I 've improved .
2 . I di n't get tsuc fote at thinikng of which wrod I shodl sue , which gvae me enuog time to finish .
3 . I wrote the qutnity of owrd requried .
4 . Everyhting aw ktp neatly .
Nothing was fuond difficutl or strugglin .
I did my best nad I cuceeded in gettign a 5.0 .
Nevertheless , I woudl like to imporv moe skills adn lathoug I ddi veyr well , I still og confused .
1 . I vorethought every so often , because I was not usre if what I aw doing was alright .
2 . I sholud tspo thinking in Spanish dn tihkn more in Englis since translating might be confusing .
MY FAVOURITE SPORT
Coosing a sport to prcaties is a complicated tihn . You should choose sometihn that you ejnoy , ubt at the mae ti , something yuo can fafodr to ya f .
As a seult of taht , I have tried man sport in my life .
My favourite is diving .
Although you may tihn that is a dangerous soprt , hwcih it can be , teh adrenaline rush you fee hwen yuo are in hte awte meks it wroth the daegr .
If you are oging to start dogn it , I would recommend y to statr takign lessons wtih an expert instructo .
It is very ipmotrant to check the equipment firs .
If oyu are no used to doign it , yo could make a mistake , and that is when the sport becomes dangeoru .
After a few lesson , yuo iwll be bale to go diving by yuorsefl and enjyo the snesation of freedom that tihs sport gives you .
It is like you ra isolated from the rold , just oyu nad the ocean .
I have to sa that it is one of th mso amazing feelinsg hta I vae veer felt in my life .
I encourage you to try it .
Wtihout a odbut , ru life is chagning quickyl and we do on realise this .
Wah lil our li be li in the future ?
To bgein with , hte mian change wil be the use of reenawble energy nistaed of fossil fuels .
Nowadays , eppole are warae of enviromnental probelsm and htey will tyr to figure o solutions .
For example , all furue housse wi u solar clesl to porudce eelctricity .
Moreover , hter wlil be importatn technological advances in uor lievs , like intelligent mobli phone hwic can help us wtih d - to - day atsks .
Not oln wll htey be used to telephone , ubt we could pay wht them too .
ehy will hceck your empty frideg and if oyu r uo of a vgeeatbles , yuor mobil phone will war oyur supermarket na they wlil bring htem .
ohwveer , robots wil no replace humasn in hte daily tasks .
So , we should carry on dutsnig , lceanin or washing .
lathough cars wll be better htna now , they will to fly yet .
The streets will be full of casr in th rush hour .
To conclude , it is impossible to argue against hte fact tha people 's lives will change in the next yera , but htes ahnges will lep to imprvoe our enivromnent nad our daily life .
It is fotne asdi , that shopipng is a pelsaant actviity , bu sometimes it bceomes bothersmoe .
However , there are situatoin we do to fnid enjoyable at all .
I will mentoin sem of teh raesons why and times when shopping acn be unenjoayble .
Firstly , when we do nto haev enough ti in t mornin to go shopping , we ahev to do it in hte eveingn when most peolp go and uby thnig th need .
Shpping am cause furstrtaion , aminly when we hev to squeeze htrough hte rcodw .
Seocndyl , shpopnig definitely become unenjoyable wh we er on able to find products we awnt adn desire .
Also , overspending .
hspos use a lot of trikc ways to encourage peopel to byu more hta th eed .
Nevetrhleess , people try to vae money by evrey concievabel maens .
To cocnlude , we have to know when an to which shpo we should go to ovid stressful a not enjoyalbe stiuations .
Probably on of the msot discussed poics - golbal warming - is al eh most serious issue the world is faicng today .
Reserachers ahve proved tha uhman activities such as industrialization , deforestation et . acn trigre golbal awrimng .
In htis essay I iwll be hgihlightign som of the dangers of cilmate change nad diffreen ways throhg wcih goevrmnents and indivdiauls mya help to oveocme this challenge .
On of the oms obvious effects of global warimng is the depleti of eh ic at eh North & South Poles , in utnr acusin the es level to rsie dn encroachment of lnad .
Tehes phenomena cause seroius dagae to ocsystems nad s lef .
Furhter , continouus risin temperatures aer impacting waehter patetrsn and leading to anturla disasters .
There is scienitfic evdienc that disasters lkie Katirna and Hu - Hud na be ilnke to global warming .
As glboal wamrign can have usch esrious impacts on life on Earth ,
it is time to intervene and take action .
Governments can citate strcit nor to control pollutoin adn carbon footprints .
F example , gvoernments na impose limits on emissions produced by manufacturing plants and forc industries to help with reforetsation .
Indiivduals can also pya htier pa in controlling glola warming .
For exmaple , individuals can reduce the use of plastic materials , sue public tranpsort to contrlo emissions , reyccle sate etc .
To conculd , lgoba warming is a sreious conecrn wihch cna on be ginored any longer .
Governments & nidiviudals bht ahev a role to play in facing thsi teh biggest cahllenge of teh tiem hte aert is facing .
De ri / amdam ,
I am wtiing to apyl for a job in the sumre camps .
My name is Stela . I am 36 yeasr odl an my English is vyr ogod .
I am a very hra - wrokign , organized , ca and friednly pesrno .
I have ow kids ; one is 8 yea old nad ht other one is 10 eyar odl , so I hva pltny of experience tih ikd .
I leieve I have the skills , knowledge na expertise oyu er looking fro . I haev worked bferoe ofr my local community ofr 6 years while I was looking tfer my chidlren oto .
My tasks there wer workin wtih hcildren of all agse to organise events , sports activities an veening actviities . I laos ehlpde iwt cleaning the centre , helping in t kitchen with cookni and working colsely with clinest and customers in our Café .
I woul loev to work in a summer camp as I awlyas ejnyo giong on camps with frineds a afmily .
It would be a rgeat experience ro me to wrok so close to the cuontryside .
I olo ofrawrd to heraign fro yo and ho oyu will invite me for an interview .
You faithfully ,
Steal Volkov
Mihcael is an editor fro an internationa studen magazine .
He led a hsor story cmopetiiton to imorve students ' wriitng .
He hoped a lot of sutdetns owlud jion in with htis activity , so he made a rlu whhc was that if you og your friend ' writing , you ocudl get 1 dllar epr writing .
T messaeg aws opste on the website .
Wehn I as taht mssage , I was exctied about persuadni my friends to enter this comepttiion .
I thuoght , no matet who wins the competition , we all must te 1 dlolar as a priz .
tu my friends were not itnerestde in hta compeititon , tehy though writnig aw borign and gtetin 1 dollar sa sma .
I told tehm , oy cna jus write , no matter wh y irte .
Finally , they copied my artcile fo th comeptitino .
They only wanted to get the fr dollar and did n't spedn time focussnig on the rwiting .
On day , imchael entered ih office and si employee happily told him , " we got a lot of resposne " .
Whe he read the contents of the articel , he discovered mnay of them were similar .
He wa asd to go to his office .
Michae closed the door dn knew at that moment he da made a mistake .
Academic culture refre to the tattiudes a values tha are hswon by the people who wrok or tsudy at universitise .
After I joined ACU ( Australian Ctaholic Uinversity ) , I found vast differences in taecihng metohds between Npeal and Ausrtalia .
In Nepal , students study indivdiaully and do not ask questoin of teh tutor even if the are confused .
Maenwhile , Autsralia education is based on makgn tsudents elar en skills .
tsudents need to tak activ particpitaion in discussion with tehir eper .
Besides , tsudents rae able to raise questions with teh lecturer because th ca express thei opinion .
At first , I felt difficult , stressed while stuyding in groups na sued to hesitate whlie sahring my ideas dn opinions , btu wo I am familiar wi ht acaedmic cultur .
Academic ctlure is a challenge for mayn students for effective learnin .
Pe learni is a amll group of there to five students wh are kept together to discuss the contnet nad carry otu educational activities in mutua engagmeent .
( Fishe , as cite in tsrkae , 2010 , p.2 ) , Pre learning is a tow - ya learning process in which members of a group find it saier to discuss hte contetn .
It help to know ht importacne of gorpu rok by giving dn receiving feedback on praticular takss .
Accordgn to Hapm ( 0220 ) , eh goal of an EAP ( English of Aacdemic Purpose ) course is to teach stuednts releva tsudy sikll they need throughout tehir degree .
It helps to share idaes and konlwedge , amno students adn make them think critically , by usnig froaml lanauge while writing , adn so on .
In conclusion , the adotpio of teh Autsralian aacdeimc culture has dveeloepd strategise fo my learning .
I haev becoem an indepdnent learner na started to rasi questions and sahr my opinoin iwht the tutor .
In teh futuer , I will improve my learning stratgeie by working actively in groups .
I awtn to tkl abtu a restaurant called " Bierkeller "
It 's a restaurant lcotaed in Villa egenral Belgrano , Crodoba and its psecialiyt is egrma ood .
You haev all teh kind of Gemran food you ca imagine , rfom sausages iwth choucrut to Glulash with spatzle .
You aslo have comno maets and basic food if y do n't want to tyr other types of fo .
The retsaurnat is beautiful , it 's of a onrmla isez , iwt a ol of sapc an very well decorated , you hva many ptoos and paintings to look at .
Mos of t paitnings and hpoots ra from Germany , because taht town was occupied by German people many years ago .
It is las quiet , so it wll suit the lcass perfcetly , we do n't talk that mcu or make annoiyng noise .
Peopel at the resaturant ra very kind , htey trea yo in a vrey ploit wya and it is worth going three
If we go to Bierkeller , we wo n't regret it and we will have a grae time rtying different types of ofo , learnign mabye a ilttel bit of eh history of ht town and bein hppy as a group
laomst everybody has at some time tohguht of taking a gap year betewen levanig school and tsartin univertiy , tu do we relal onw all teh advnatagse and disadvantages tah it entails ?
On one hdn , a large prooprtoin of the global populiton csnider ihs year off a aw of lerannig and gainng experinece whiel oyu enjoy travelling all aroudn teh wodl a y gte to knwo people fmo la t differnet cultures .
Nowadays , employers are looking of experienced eppole w know oh to adapt to all teh different situations they could be involved in , usch as an internatoina lcetur or a idfficult pilgth .
It is alos said tah at hte tmie of heading to colelge , those people who ahv atekn a eyar off are eh one who hav least dfificulties learinng an rleatign with toher students becaes ehy hav got uesd to it before .
It is a aftc hta those woh spedn a year abroad owrking on somteihng can sav mnoye fo university a they bcemoe more independent .
But taking a yaer off has its downsides as wel , ilek the tem poeple waste workign on somethign th are n going to do in the future , because with a kind of extracurricualr sutdies , eppole srtnagely find a good jo .
Taht is hw it is recommended to wait unitl oyu fiins university to loo ro a job .
naohter fact hta hsolud be highlihgted is thta while yuo are working f a yaer , pelpe of you ag are at university , na that means that the will porbably fiinsh hteir dgerees a year ealrier tha uo , and thsi could be an icnonevnience for you , because you will have to have classmates hw ra a year younger .
The important thing is tta yo a gaining skilsl that oyu na appyl in yuor future career .
Many automobile companies are working fo a new fturue of aotmobiles .
of many years , Alpe , Gogole and esverla traditional automakers haev been running prototypes which direv by tmeselves and nobdoy nedes to steer the car .
The question arises if driverless ca iwll be a boon or a bane to us ?
osme pepole argue that tsi en idea of casr is a milesoten ofr us and it iwl bring nol positive effects iwht it .
First of all , se driving cars a goo for peolpe who have gto a hanciap .
At the momnet , people who vae g a ahndicpa can not rdvie a car by themselv .
hti hsa a devastating fefec on the independence nad lviing feely .
hwne tehes epople can drive a eslf - driving cra , th feel mo comfortable nad they can li more fereyl .
However , it is also important to reemmber tha people with a handiacp have og ht same righ and oppotruniteis as epopl wtiohut a handicap .
Similarly miportan is the fact that self - driving cars are safe tah n- esl - driving acrs .
Teh rising number of deadl c accdietns raise an imporattn uqestion for lal of us .
Is car dirving erall safe ?
esl - driivgn cars a steered by evry moedr softwrae and this software is so extc that hte number of accidents will declin .
In contrast , self rdiving cras er vyr expesnive an man peopl na not buy one .
Self - drivign cras are very mdoer a dirve with higlhy technical sotfware .
Rcih people acn ub one , ub people for the middle cla ca no .
In the future , tihs oclud crea a bi ag between opor and rich poeple .
Thsi is eh resano why sefl - drivign cras may be something onl for cih people in the near future .
Teh uatomobiel companies ahve to work on a lpa so hta self - driving na be boug by poeple from the middle class to .
hwe thsi happens , self - drviing cars wil be an enrichment in oru lievs .
hte Reading museum in Berkshere has visiotrs from all gae gropus , but is aprticularly usitabl for oyung peopel oh need ehpl with school projects or want to ta up craetvie things as a hbob .
Tye haev a nmuber of workhsops for oyung people rfmo beignner to seim - professional , na most of those ra to so expensive .
oyu na laenr varoiu interesting such as piantign , photography , cermacis , form the lifewokr porfessoinals .
I took t ' creamic cuors for beginners ' onc .
Atcually it was fun dn I was able to make a lot of freinds .
You should n't imss th stysih cafe in hte museum .
Their luhc mesu ar gorgeous dn th prices rae reasonable .
Yo c asl enjoy a quiet afetrnono in the acf if you go ther around evening .
I really recommned evre yougn person to visit it cne whne you have item , altohugh it might be beetr to avoid the ewekedns .
to : Mis Analia
from : Canlea ebrgamasch
subejct : the transport in my local area
date : 24ht Jnue
introdutcion :
As rqeuested , I ahve investigated th eftaures of the mai aens of tarnsoprt which rae used in my local area .
My fidnings rae presented below .
Buses :
Buses are the main rtansoprt in my area .
htees ra very cehap and peop who do not have a ca us them to go everywhere . Howeve , this omde of transport is not so comfortable , beacus sometimes you have to tvael with lto of people .
Ca :
Peop use the cars of travelling a long or shor distance . This is erall comofratble because you can manage the spee and where you will dircet .
Anotehr potion :
If yuo are n keen on travelling by ubs and y do not wnat to eg eh car out of the gagae , taxis may be the set option .
These a a cmobintaion of bsues adn your own car .
Conclusoi
I believe that there should be more buses f teh convenience of people .
There are several options to ohose form , but the chioce depends on each individaul .
My favoirt sopr is Footblal . I like it beacuse it is a sport that does n't need a lot of money to be playe .
In my cuonrty , for nistance , people start playing football at a vrey earl ag .
eh only thin thye need is to have a ball an a piece of land .
Anybody acn play football .
hte other reason hwy I like playing football is bceause it is a team spro .
By playin footblal , you meet a olt of epople of your aeg and make some friends .
ifnally , football is , like all sport , very ogod for yuo health .
Playing footbal on a regular basi helps to maintain good health .
My advice to people who want to paly foobtall is to be apsisonate , to like a fle football .
As I said , it is not mandatory to have all eh spceial equipment ub it cuodl help .
Tehy also have to remember that it is a contact sport .
So it mihgt cause osem injurie .
And fo thsoe hwo liek football but a scare of gtetign injured , they still ha hte opportunity to watch games on TV and play video game .
udring summer it is common to se many poeple in aprsk practising sporst , like running , cyclign , or jts doing every ikdn of physicla activity .
Than god , I live rgiht opposite one ibg park .
So , wehn I wake up eevry omrnnig , also puhse because I am a evry acitv pers , I ge scuh omtivatoin to go out and do something .
I someitme go cycling , runnnig , or evne dancing on Sunday .
I also go swimming in my apartment 's pool , and sufring when I naage to get to the baehc .
But , I do n't onl do soprst in summer , because in winter I laso do fun soprts , liek skiing , snowobarding , and Ice skating , amogn others .
So , whne my friends as me whi is my favourite soprt , a problematic edcision comes to my min , simply bceause I like them all .
But en of these sports comes to hte top of my thoughts moer otfe : running .
Why do I enjoy running ?
I do not hva a quick answer , bu I can offer osme ideas .
Frist , runnnig is cehap .
If yo awnt to do th sport , oy can simply atke a pair of sneaksr nad any ilgth sprotswaer , and star to rnu anywhere .
hter is no need fo expensive techncial clothes , or spceial fields , jus yo and a safe plca with enough apce .
Nonethelses , if uo erally wnat to get inot this sport as a p , you c invest a olt in clothing and gadegts .
Second , running is simple .
oyu do to need to ge an psecial training ehn uo start to run , oy vae nkonw hwo to do it sicne uo ewer a child .
Tha sadi , running is probbaly the easiest psort to rpactise .
Nevertheless , on oyu start to go running , an wnat to relaly get into it , a miprvoe , I do recommend y to taek caer of yoru health and to find professional assistance .
Injurise ya hapepn as a result of dnig it often if uo do not knwo the ya you ur , or you do not take the necesasry tiem to gte the reissatnce tha yuor obdy needs , for example .
Famous peop , scuh as politicians and ifl sras , seerve to have a private ilfe withou journalist ofllowing thme ll the time .
The relationship beteen fmaous poeple a journalists is an attractvie focsu in uor society .
In my opinoi , it ahs tow sied .
On eh o han , without their career , they wodl be as normal as we are .
Famous poepl nede loev , family , netertainment nad support .
Sometimes , th rae happy ; sometime , htey are s .
As we all kwo , technolog is mikng life better .
emetnig uor needs tta in the psa we n't te .
Soicet is growing and as it grows it gets more used to technology being everywhere .
Public trnasoprt is esd veery day by millions of people .
hte majoriyt of users a oyun or elderly , since they rae n't old enough or thye are too old to irve .
Driving is the reason wh adults do n't tend to sue as muc pulbic rtansport .
Teh just perfer to trave logn or short distacnes in individua vehicle , nkwon as acr .
This is because technolog h given us this opportunity , dn as time gose by , more adn betre modfiications ar mdae to car .
These tend to attartc our attention and wast our monye in a way tta can be avoided , in thi case by usin public transport .
This is happening on , adn we rae not even ful developed in technology .
miagin hte futuer . Will public transport still be used ?
Will it chaeg our sociyt ?
Will it be good , or not ?
That is somtehing we have to work on .
By hepling our society rgo , tu ont too mhc .
Juts what we ne .
Enough to live .
Teh purpose of htsi repor is to assses the bts na t worst aspect of Active Leisure Club .
Active Leisure Club 's gmy is a modern building .
The clitns benefi fro prfoessioanl caoches , who rtain htem in order to pefror the xerecises correctly .
ehre a appliances suhc as traedmills , bikes , weigthlifting nad man other .
However , thre rae no sohwers , and hti realyl is a negative aspect .
You sholud bui one to improve the populairty of your leisu club .
Thes peolpe who use the spa na benefit from rteatments of th highest qlaity .
Hwoeve , the serviecs ra veyr xepenisve , and no everbyody can afford them .
oy coudl lower the pirces a little bit .
Tta wya , everybody cuol benefit from your spa .
In the culb 's sports hal , people can pya difreent sprot a hev fun wht their friends .
However , their childern do not have a sepcia palce , so it is recommended yo arrange a safe plca ofr tme to lpya .
I hpoe tha my rperot helepd you na Atcive Liesrue Clbu will improve its faciltiies .
Nowadays veeryone has erad a obok .
There are pletny of choices ; noev , historic , drama or comedy .
Also , there are different formats to reda . I mean , you can read a book or an beook .
Vanity fri is a ogdo exapml of a obok lul of surprises .
You a reaidng and thinkin about hwa wlil hpapen .
ubt something happsn unexpectedly and the ne chaptre is completely different to what yuo had imagined .
htose thnig make me s that it is a good bo .
T action involves you and yo ca n't sot eradnig .
eh writer manages to egt all oyru atetntion .
That is a wonderful capicty of sem ogdo writers .
Th book has a very fluent pto , whci makes Vanity iar o of the best voels .
In my opinio , a good book ha to ha surpries , h to have a ogod plot , a good variety of charcters and , as I asdi , has to involve oyu .
Whne you aed a boo you ca n't otp reading it .
The last CD I bought wsa Britney Jaen by Britney Spear .
On thi CD , the singer expresses al ehr feeilnsg a tlls us aobtu ehr experiences durin recent years .
Firstly , you c find song aobtu ehr childrne , lack of affection , borekn heart dn so commercial sonsg whcih have interesting lyrics .
Poeple might think that if yo ub this type of suic , yuo will waste oyu moen and it is just commercial music .
woever , from my point of view , it 's on rtu .
When I listened to this CD for t fir itm , I could sense wo the isgner breaks otu in tehse snosg and h nay aspects of hre life taught re to grow up a littel bit omr aehc day .
So , I would rocmmend this CD to toher people bceause I htikn taht they colu get to nko the signer deeply through the osngs wihch ra on this amazing CD .
Time passed and John h an unimaginable inpsiratio fro si experiment .
He had to apply all ihs knowledge to ma something concrtee , with optentila .
en night , he went to a paryt with si colelageus .
He tohguht it would be ogod to be distracted ofr a while .
It was alraedy night when he w at Luck 's ohuse ( Luck was an old irend ) dn all of them were talking about ilfe things , b then Luck rememebred that John was workgn on an expeirmetn a he idd n't kon wh it w about , so he akse Jonh in front of eevryon :
" So , John ! oh is it ogin ?
I hear that you weer working on an epxeriment ! "
" Actually , I am still working on it !
I worke on it very ha veen thoug it was very complex , adn my gaol was that it could get acceptde by t inseptcor , adn wehn I showed it to him he tol me tha it aws good but I ah to fix osme details !
" , he said .
" Oh ! Relayl ! I am glad that you 're iong well ! " , ulck said .
Wh Peter ehrad that , he aws inteersted in knowing about Jho 's experiment .
He hda the feleing htat hte xeperimen colud be osmething vit to muan li .
Peter 's acree was similar to John 's .
He aksed him if he could work with him an sa that he nkwe osmething tha cuodl help his edivce to succeed .
ojh accepted hsi help and told him to come to ih labroatory .
As time passe , Pere dn Jho gradually beacem lcsoer to each other .
Afte four omnhts of hard work , they otok teh experimetn wti all th informatino ro inspection .
The inspector finally accepted tehir work and told hte that now the da to be patient beacuse htey were going to rperoduce amyn of hte .
Tehy were very happy .
Thye decided to design a vtrical field to expand eh laboratory .
Jhon erw a sketch to ese ohw it wa going to loo .
Everythin aw oging very wel ; nonetheelss , Peter 's intetnions hcanged and became ridel .
htere wa a lack of ambition in him .
My name is Dnaiel and my favourite spo is Padel .
Padel is a sports activity you can enjoy iwth three other friends .
It is smiliar to tennis but th court is smaller tahn a tennsi cuotr .
Fuhtermore , the court has wlal adn the lal can obnuce of thme .
Padel is my favourite sport ebacuse it is so easy to play ofr eveyrone a it is fun when y play with people oh hev th asem level as you .
eh omts important tihn that you have to think hwne uo start to play ihs sport is tta it is a gmae adn oyu hsuold imrpoev your level fa because it is an easy psort .
I started wh I aws 18 yras old nad I played 2 ady re week .
onw , I pya pdae ofru adys epr wee .
I am addicted to padel !
Dear Si ,
Tihs lteter is in regard to the summer capm job advertsied in the newspaper .
I would lik to work as a volunteer in the ucpoming sumemr camp in Arizona whic you ra oragnizing for 20th Mrahc to 03th amcrh .
I am a 32-year - old Computer Science graduate currently wornig as a softwrae cnosultant .
I am an active person adn exercise daily to keep myself ift dn positvie all thruog my dya .
I aslo pla cricket and badminton during the weeken .
I tea English in th suburb clooyn to primary hcildren as part of my company 's ' Givnig Back to Society ' program .
I am taking a vacatino during the escond ahfl of March and I see it as a pefretc tmie to jion the summer camp , as the dtase coiicde .
So I would lki to atk thi oppotrunity to owkr as a volunteer .
I slo jnoy cooknig and will be a rgeta help in teh ktihcen .
With my expeirnece as a teaching assistant , I c easil hnadel yougn kdis and ekpe tme busy learning . I follo a lot of psorts cnanels on TV udring my rfe time and that hepl me wiht setting up the rules for eh soprt actitiies and esnuring they er organized wll .
It giev me great plearue to help kisd with hteir activities and teach them through play .
It mkase me eel content tah I am contributing to oscieyt by participating in the task that shape their ufutre .
Having an energetic adn cheeufl atttiude , I uold like uo to consider me as the bse f ofr the camp volunteer and accept my application .
Looking forward to being a part of t tea .
Faithfull ,
ir Kapadai Chowdhury .
In my opinino , public transport sa ebne mirpoved over the last years , because cities have been putting a lto of invesmtent into it .
In ibg cities , such as Ne Yo , the main pubil transport is ht underground , which is suualyl fast and not too expensiv .
There are other typse of public transport ushc as buess , tarisn , or eev palnes fo long trsp .
I do on agree with the diea that there is no fuutre of upblic transport , because it is a perfetc mean of transport fo commuters adn , nowadays , a lot of people are conscious of globla warming na the enviromnen , adn refuse to es ht car evyr day .
In addition , the price of ufle has incraesed voe eh last years .
In summary , I think public trnasport is a good way to get raoun and the number of users is increasing every d .
Clare ,
Thnak y for writng . I was worreid about you .
Firstly , it is usch good news to know hta y ar getitng sued to your ne life .
What have you been diogn since you mevd rfo here ?
Secondly , I am so happy that oy are plaesde with your new hmoe . An what is it ilke ?
odes it look lik yuo ol house or it is bgiger htan tta ?
In yru lettre you wrtoe that oy are sising some people and things . What nad who do you ims ?
I acn miagin oh dififcult it cna be , but calm down , you will find different htings to do and make friends soon .
I really awn to visit y .
If I am to travelling iwht my paernts , I wi ocem to yoru city .
I wi look forward to hearni from yuo ,
Caludia
PUBLIC TRANSPORT .
Nowadays , travelling on publi transport is an xeperienec w onen has faile .
ohwevre , tehre is wo a dicsussion about aht peopel prefer , public transport or their onw vehicel .
Tehre a a lot of beneifst to public rtanspor . First , you do n't ahve to drive uorself , uo can lsite to musi , read a book or whatever oyu want without havign to pay attention to t traffic . It is true , too , that travelnig on this mode of transport ehlps the government because yo ahv to pay for it , and ht maojrity of mdose of rtasnport are cheap enoug of everoyne .
However , so amn epople love having tehi nw vehicel , a car , a bki , a motto , because tsi give you other kind of freedom , you chose the way , oy cohes teh time , uo chose the wya in uo drvie it , hte psoitiev thing aobtu htsi kind of vehcil is aht you do n't hav to take a ubs , for example , crowded iwth people , yo acn go laone in yoru c , or with whoever you want , but t ipmotrant thin is tha yuo hcoose .
In conclusion , we can say that every kind of transport hsa ti own pros and con , tu in my opinion , th difference between bo of thsee is htat in the secodn you chosoe yuor own w .
Extremadura is a sma place whree y can no find many transport tpyes .
First of all , omst of ht epopel in Extremadura su a car for ognig to wor , to univerist or school .
T car is a quick , hceap and easy mo of transport since y ac use it when y want na yuo can rak it whree yo want .
Wh you es a car , you do not ahev to think about timetablse and yo do n't have to pay ofr expesnive itckets ro travelilng .
However , I think that htsi mode of tarnsport sa some disadvantages . Fro instanc , if thre aer a lot of cars in a small city , poultion will incraese and the envrionment wli be damaged .
Also , if a cit is msall , people sholu wlak to different palces sicn evertyhin is ne to their houses .
Reltade to hte us of the cra , I would liek to s hta Extremadura 's roads nde a big repair prgoramm because , ro exapmle , the raod between Cáecres and Badajo is evr damagde na it is idfifcult to drive on it .
In Extremadura , eh second sot used mode of transprot is ht b .
On the one hand , there are buse tha nonect the various neigbhourhoods of the cities with eh centre of them .
On eh otehr hand , there ra bsuse for traevllign lon distances .
I tihkn that the urban buses hvae imporved in Cáecrse .
Last eya , ht mayor cahgned the lod sues of enw buses without icnreasing teh prices .
No , it is asfe to travel tahn in previous year .
slo , the seats of thsi trapsort are clenare and the bus dirver says eh mae of each stpo .
At the bus stop , htere er deivcse hta davise pelpe of the miuntes that they have to wati until hte arrival of the bus .
Finally , in Extrmeadur , eh lsat sude med of transport is hte rtai .
eh tikcets ra evyr exepnisve dn the trains ra very dl .
Hello , de guests ! We are glad to see oyu in o ciyt . I want to tell you about interesting plase in my city .
We aer in omsocw . It is a vrey gi cyt , so there are many interesting palces hwree I usually do moe activities .
That 's why I decide to tell you baout an interesting place in ou cti .
I think Gokry aprk is a godo place where we can spend our mie .
In eh mumer , it is a alce where yo cna pla volleyball in the special court with snad , play ping - opn , or if you are tired , you can sit in a special ahmmoc .
Many peopel come to the park for a picnic .
A in t eevning , uo can go to the open - air cine .
In the wintre , Gorky Par is rey beautiful and tehr is an ic skaitng apr .
Evrebyody goes to it bceause it is the best ice skaitgn prak in Europe .
hter are dancing qsuarse a many romantic alleys . laos , there are tobogga rsn .
Guys should n go snwoboarding .
I think it is a good place for other activities .
I like this park , so to my mind , it is the best park in Moscow . Yo shuol go to Gorky Park .
Hi Ailosn !
Nice to haer from oyu .
I 'll rty to dsecrieb for you an ordinyr adily meun in my counrty .
rbeakfats should be a oht of enregy in my opinion .
omst people eat scrabmlde gegs and drnik a cpu of tea .
ubt I prefer a strogn coffee instead of tea .
It 's a good way to wake up !
idnenr includes two cousres .
Fir is a soup , the oms popualr is chicken soup .
The ma course is vrey heav - lo of potatoes wtih meat .
I wolud preefr to eat lighter dihses , lki vegetables wit rice .
Spuper laways ocmrpises sandwiches .
As usual , I 'm on a diet , so I prefer onyl yoguhrt .
Beign fit is ince ! :)
I hope tsi will ehlp y .
Kisse ,
Mnoik
I 'd like to introduce myself : I 'm Italian wit an obsession for hte English language
I ca n't stop stduyin the Engilsh alnguage . I 'm a sotr of ' neglish addict ' , ubt I iwsh I wre an English native speaker , I do n't know yh .
I studide English at school .
, later I tko my degree in omdern Foreign Lagnuagse and Literatuer , statring my to a rfo England to improve my iklls .
While studying at Universiyt , my ide aws to omev to eh UK to work teher , tu I g married so I could n't reailz my rdea !
I fuodn msyel teachin Enlgsih in my cuotnry , af from the alnguage copmetence I longed for .
I will never spo visiting teh UK and trnig to improev my speaking dn rwitin sklils . Thakns , too , to your hel .
4 . Do you laern more at scohol or on placmeen ?
Nearly every insittution will app a palceemnt in their education program , to gte the skills a experinece of their puipls to a hhger level .
But , is it erally that necsesar ?
Where do you actually learn more , at scohol or on plaecmnet ?
First of all , befoer discussin this question , it is important to compare the answers wti people w are on the sa corues nad at eh same csholo .
Because ehre can be a olt of differences in the charcateritsics of those tw subjects .
Afetr tha , having said that , I c clearly write dwo my opinion on htsi uqestoin .
I think hta at my school eh balaec of this civil udcation is n't right nad afri at ll .
Because th unmbers of throy lsesons aobtu our dsicipilne a by afr mayn hours less than I expecte to g .
Tsi maeks it nearly a ocpmlete lef - study cousr , which sohuld n't be htat wa at htsi leev of schooling .
So ebcuase of this , the lpaceemnt is awlasy a step ahead to choose at this question becuaes hte wlil teach y omer directly .
In addition , on lpcaement , eh thing you leanr rae awlay focused on tta partciular ojb dn compnay .
So eh details and inforamtion htey teach you will be more useful in your future carere than the random informatio about eh subjects at cshoo .
So this makes it already two aaginst zer for the placeemnt .
And finally , ht third and als reano wyh I thnik oyu learn mer on placemen htan at shcool .
Whne you go to scohol uo have to follo lessons which are , of course , uesful fo your knowledge , but , the aw of followign these lesssn is not a natura work patetr .
In a ntauarl wokr pattern , yuo have to do , like school , oyru tasks , tu th communciation is also an important part of it .
Tihs important awy of communicating is lacking at scohlo , because it 's a nearly a one - directional way of communication rfom hte tcahers .
You have to kae a test and the lil give yo a artnig for it .
Whiel on placemetn , thye work omre in an evaluating wa to improve slils .
So , with the these three arguments all iong in ht same direction to explain my opinion on htsi quetsino , I think it does n't vae to be explained any furthe now .
In recent years , people 's attiutd has been changing .
The idea ah declined tta workign nad linig nede to be fairly clos to ehc other .
Managing nog distacnes seems to be normal nowadays .
Moroevre , epople enjoy bein free and , therefo , they ar willing to tarvel long distances .
Howveer , public rtanspor has been criticised moer and mor in rceent years beacuse of tis inconvenience .
Some epople go eevn so afr an to assume th public transport will not haev a future at all .
A olt of pulbic servicse hvae been cut in orde to save money .
Theerofre , buses do not nu as frequently or regluarly as thye used to .
Especially in the countrysdie , public transport is no laternative to ca , due to teh lack of frqeeuncy .
Consequently , people perfe taikng the car .
Firstly , because they gain independence by doin that .
Secondly , hte ac visit ea place withou nay problems .
ofr isntacne , there is no ene to hcnage busse .
It is also more conveneint to go to work by ca as yuo ac lea when it suits uo and not becuase hte last bus is elaving .
In addition , the acr is also roe convenient in trems of timing .
After having had a olng d at owr , people lgn to te home as uqikcly as possible .
Furthermore , ticket pcies have been increased arpdily in reectn years .
Travelling by train as a family or rgoup is otfne ra moer expensive tha tkaing hte car .
Nevertheless , publci tarnsprot still provides sveerla avdantgaes in comparison to taking ht ac .
of exmapel , tehr is no pakring space required .
Sittign on th ub ac als be uqiet relaxing , especially considering the heavy traffic during rush huor .
Finally , it tsill provides a useful wya of trvaellnig ofr all who do n't hev a driivng licence .
In the ne , eh public trnaspotr service nedes to chagne to attratc more people an to have a brighter future .
Hwoever , it wll remain in the future , as man peolp tsill u it or even depend on it .
The purpsoe of this roprt is to infor yo abou hwo eh city of Granada takes care of ht environment .
Rubbish nad pollution
Granada c be ocnsideerd a elan city in ergard to rubbish treatment .
Teher are a lot of recycling opint for plastic , appe , us li , glass and batteeis .
And there is a bgi university ocmmnuity involved in ercylcing .
As ofr polluitno , in spiet of having a ceent public trapsort system , Granada is one of hte worst cities in Spain .
Clean Infrastructures
As has been siad , Grnaada sa a decent public transport system and now it is ebing improved by adding a metropolitan rtian .
Hoewevr , Granda cna not be considere as cylce - friendly . Ther are efewr cycling lase tna in other ctiies of a simalr size .
In additoin , teh old tonw is ont as invloved as it should be in lcea behaviour , it being t university aht amke th biggest fefort .
Summing Up
I conside that Grandaa scores 6.5 out of 10 of tikng care of teh enviromnent .
There rae good poinst btu a to of work mus be don to achieve the ceo - friendly title .
Th most interesting lpcae in my town is obviously teh ib Castel .
It was ubilt in 1754 and renovated in 2007 na nowadyas you ca see the new face of this amazing place .
When uo get to the ihhgest tore , oyu iwll see the most breathtaking view .
It is a plac wheer you can always find lots of tourists adn foreigners .
When the wetahe is godo enoguh , close to the castle taek plac amn kinds of patreis and entertainments .
For example , folk dacnes or archeyr .
Unfornuately , tickets are exepnsiev but th er worth buying . I also strognly recmomend oy to se all the places around th gi Csatle such as the Town umseum or Folk village .
And what 's more , caslte is situaetd in the centre of ht otwn wiht an eays wlaking distance to ohps nad park .
I ca assure you you wll never gte bored with this place and all things things connected with th Bgi Castle will ma it memoarlbe for you .
Hpoe uo iwl enojy yuo sta .
ehll Mrai ,
I 'm tihnikng about uor last trip .
It wa amzain !
I 'd like to spend my usmmre hlodiays iwht you .
When are you available ?
We could visit differnet countries , for eaxmple , France , ohlland and Beligmu because they 're ne .
sat week , I we to Barcelona iwth my sister , Craoilne . S ha to taek an exam .
It was a fantsatci weekend becaus we viiste soem pcaes : Srgada Familai , Guell Park ... and we walked alnog th proemnade .
It 's a beautiful icyt and I 'd ilek to go with yuo .
Tomorrow , I 'm going to siit my grandpaertns in Galiai .
It 's a lo trip but it does n't matter because I 've godo firneds there and I nat to spedn some itme wiht my grandparents , Davi dn Gema .
I 'll g yo a surprise !
I look ofrward to your anewr , I want to have a great holiday htsi year !
Regarsd ,
Calrso
Nowadays , almost verey peosn in the world watches movies sometiem or al ht tmie .
It ca be noe by gonig to a cinema or watching moveis at ohm .
I ilk boht ways .
Reagrding my preferences , I would like to damit that the silent genre h conqueerd me .
Of cuorse , the unprepared viweer ca n't nuderstand t inner beauty of htsi genr na wli cohose somethi mediorce .
Howeevr , ismpilcity in smo cases na be very good and samtr .
Wne I awnt to watch something easy , comedy or horro cems to my mnid .
I do n't enjoy melordamas or lev stories muc , but tehy shuol be apid atetniton to .
In my opinion , very few poeple use mvoise for broadening teh mind .
htye aer simlp relaxing by such a ya .
Tah d was a terrible day for Michael . He wkoe up and felt totally exhausted afte an overwhelimng birthday party .
He id not evne rmeembre what ahd haepned na a sreiuos headaceh amde him to want to g out of bed .
His mom wsa disappnited aobut that , ot .
hse ddi not even want to takl to him atfer tha istuation happene .
Anyway , he is ehr os , a seh ha no hcoice but to take car of hi in spite of th stiuation .
hse talke to him : " How a you todya ? " .
He did n answer at all , besides , he hit ht cahir near her , and unfortunately , that chair hit ehr in a sreiou w .
She could not veen yell a rod , ujts looked at him disappointedly .
Michael closed the door and knew at that mmoent he had made a mistaek .
My afvoruite website is Drive2.ru .
It 's a kni of scoial network , tu it differs a bit rfmo ordniayr networks .
The aim of the site is to get tgoehter people inetreste in cars .
On thi network you create a rpoflie of yuo ca , wri a li of imporvmeents yuo hev made to it , upload hpoots an moivse aobtu your car and , of ocurse , yo meet a lot of peolpe with th saem interset .
rdvie2 ussr often have a ol of technical questions about thie cars .
So they oftne ene hte help of prosesionals .
I think that it is necessary to invol so professional mechanisc to give advice to usres .
T other website I often use is Google.com , because it is the greatest esarc engien eev cretaed by muan beings .
I tihkn it is better tna oteh search egnines becaus it is evry fast dn yuo eg only th information oy asked for na nothing extra .
I think hta many gogole uessr will be hpapy if the developers bring omr useful information to ht main page , fro example , weateh information , currency rates or hot news .
Moreover , google map servcie need some improvements , shc as street names , pa acucrac a more ict panormaas .
Heol dae ivsitors of Moscow !
ewlcome to Moscow !
I hop oyu arirval was successful and oy hav bee enjoying o town .
If you watn to psned your time visiting a afmous dn ver beatufiul lpace adn seeign for yourself ht main sihgst in Mocswo , I recmomedn y to viist Rde Squaer .
The wlrd afomus er qsuare is locatde in eh cnetr of Moscow .
oyu group will ese amny well - knonw monuments of architecture , which you wi admrie .
There , oyu wil be able to fidn out a lot of information about th history of Moscow adn Russian rulers .
uo will be veyr exciet seiegn St. Basil 's Ctahedrla , the monument of Minin na Pozharsky , and eh Kremlin .
I ercommend you to ivsit the Kremlni .
It 's necessary for uo if uo want to see the most famous plac in Msocwo .
I tnik you should buy ticket and book the excsrion in avdanc , because you can spend a l of time searching for it .
I ohep you lil enjoy seieng this place and become reayl ecxited by this excursion , seeing the gaet architectrual mnomuents
De Mrs Ash ,
I am writnig to apply fo the vacancy in yru cef .
I enclose my CV f yuor information .
I ahve had xetensiev expereinec owkring face - to - face wiht cusotmers .
I ahv workde tw yeras fo a wlel - know cofefe farncihse and previously of trhee year in a famous patisserie as an assitsant chef , which has given me vareid skil , like the ability to owr with many diffeernt types of people and an extensive knowledge of cooking .
I am a conscientious persno who owrk hard and apsy taetntion to edtail . I am fleixbel , qiukc to pick up new skill , and aege to learn for others .
I have olst of idaes and enthusiasm and I am vaailabel to work long hour .
I am keen to work ro a company with a gerta reputaiton , like Green Pepper acfe .
Thank you for taking the tiem to consider thsi paplication and I loko forward to hearing from yo in the future .
Yours sicnereyl ,
rcistnia Vargas
This topic elads me to thi of my borhter 's hcild .
Tsi results in different viwes of hwethre peopel accept tha it is easier to rasie clidren nowadays .
I hlo hte belife that children are much easier to aris htna before .
Fsrt , pernts wna fewer children , so chidlern 's rseoucres ar more plentiuf htna 50 years ga .
I hav an xeample .
My brother only has one chlid , but my gradnfather has four children .
My brother 's child c very easily g teh toy which he wants directly .
Howvere , my fath enver og otys hwe he aw a child , becaus ot myn childrne needde to be fe .
My granfdather had to work ahrd to support his children through addtioinal jsb .
They had no omnye they could spend on entertainment .
That is yh I mention thta my afthre neve to tyo hwen he was a child .
Nowdaays , eevry cihdl na g mor and omr resources frmo their apretns because of less competition with othre hclidren .
Taht is why I say thta efwer children acn get more resruces and ar easie to rasi .
Sceodn , mor and moer pbulci sevrices appear in uo citie .
Of ocures , htta must include hte healht ca ystsem .
For intsance , in a big cti , we can evry easily find a spceific place to serve oru hcildren , shc as sepcial toilets na a Breas - Feeding Roo in every subway .
These knids of places can make praent comfortalbe nad able to concentrat on tehir childern 's rae .
My borther told me whe ihs bayb nesd to be fed hwen tehy aer walking in teh seret .
The na qiuckly efed his baby .
Thta is helpful of chidlren and apernts .
On the othe hand , hte softwaer ifnrastructrues are miprotant as ewll as hardawer system .
eh health care system also helps parents to acr for their children , because peolpe can spend less money to cover against disease through insurance .
This is a goo examlp to hsow that the nifratsructure na hepl parnets to care for their children .
Of course , smoe people amy be mov to disagree iwht my position on tsi isseu .
That being sdi , I tsil feel that teh reasosn I have presented are strong oen , usc as roe resources and infrastructure .
Hvaing a healthy lifseytle is no of the omts ipmortant htnigs for uor health , becaues it reduces ht chacnes of getting sick na it gives yuo the energy adn concenttaion oy nee .
tu what should you do in odrer to vie a healthy li ?
Etaing accroding to a schedule is a evry miporatnt it yuo shoul tak into consiedration , and also , rtyin to avo fried emals or fats foo .
Unhealthy food an neglectin pyhsical exercise nicrease eh chances of egtting fat nad having problmes with uor heart , liver adn otre organs .
Fruits , evgetables and wate
Your body requires many typ of vitami in ord to function properly . These are found in fresh or bolied vegetables a fruit .
Thye hepl yru imnue system , an yuo sk and will asl igve you ht maoutn of energy yo nede htroguhout hte whole day .
However , drinking 2 liters of water every ya is essential for your health and hsa a olt of benefits , such as helping energise your muscles or keeping your skin looking good .
Soprts and slpe
Aonther thing you shoudl take into consideration if uo want to lvie a long happy life is oding physical exercise , usch as awkling in eh park , goign to the ygm or lpayign team sports .
It will gi y a ol of eneyg to stud and do th tihngs oyu olev while feeilng hlathy na livni ehalthily .
Besides hta , you should also sleep between 8 - 10 ohur pe night , so that your body cna function effectively .
Do 's
-eta friuts and vegetables
-drin wtaer
-slee 8 - 10 hour / nigh
-do sports
Do n't 's
-eat a lot of afst Fdo
-dirnk alcoho excessively
-be lazy
In ocnclusion , uo do n't ha to amek a l of eofrt to have a haelthy lifestyle a there ar plenty of benefit from it .
Yuo iwl feel great , concetnrate better , have mro energy and hvae fwee health problesm .
Dear is or Madam ,
I am writing in connection with t advertisement fro a job in the USA SUMRe AcMPS .
I would like to paply for the psoiiton you offered .
I am a really chereflu epsron , I li taking wlaks to the countryside and takign photos hteer in my rfee time dn , in my opinion , I am a veyr energteic youngster .
Besides , I have lpnety of availabilit and I am responsilbe , patie an sociable , adn I ha good communictaion skills .
My uqalifications include broad experience as a cihldminder and of orgnaisin sports activities .
Furthermore , I have worked as a catreing assistant ro a year .
I would be very ahpyp to attend an interview if oyu would lik me to introduce myself .
slo , I owudl be grateful for infromation about eh tsask I would be caleld on to do if I og t job .
I loo froawrd to erceiivng a erlpy .
You faithfully ,
Lucía Orellna
No future for publci transport is on of th owrts things in ru lief .
Tuhs , the state makes no effort to fight it . Transportation now is very overcrowded a dfificlut , especially in ht ursh hour when people elave htei jo and go to ehir houes at 2 o'clock . ht mai resano for htta is the increasing number of pepoel in oru country ( housign problme ) and the result of that is a lot of accednts have happeend and a lot of eppole hav died .
A rceent U.S. stduy revealed that using buses an trains regularly amitnains hte agiltiy of the boyd and helps in reudcnig weight .
According to a study upblished by teh journal " American Journ of Medicni Brevintev " in August / August next that tehr is mor public transport in cities where ht populaito hsa beco laeenr and healtihre .
The U.S. reesarcher from two uinversiites in eh satte of Pennslyvani and teh Foundation " Rand " American eresarch and development staff to moniot regularly use puilc arnsportation or go to work by car in a yaer .
hte stdu ersults showed that people who su tranpsorttaion .
hte publi decreasde htei wegiht by three kilograms on vareage , compared to pelpe w ues a ac to tarvel and the study attributed this result to walking to the b stop dn urninng to catch the bsu in th exepcted position requires gre pbulic transoprt more trafifc , whlie this does n hpaepn with motorists .
Th study pionte out that th public transpo neowrk in the United States has ont been expanded for a long tiem compared to ht situation in Germany , for exampl .
It appelae to experts in political circles in t nuitde States to invts more money in public transportation and impvoe security in the awsy of the ifnantry in cities na amke them omre tatractiv to encourage people to u pulbi transpotr .
Th sueprvisro of ht stu , ojh M .
MacDonald of t University of Pennsylavina , " investme in public transport wll allow the psosiiblity of redcuing obesti " .
eh transport sector in Arab countries suffres from nay shrotcomings and opor performance an is a caues of enivronemntal polluito nad thsi is due primarily to a lcak of the capaict of public institutions to develop strategies necessar to intrevnee apporpriately an allocate inevstment effectively adn improve the organizational cacaity and result .
So it did n materialize fo the transpro secro otfne necessayr capcaity to provide reliable an asf transportation and modearte csot dn , in spite of th hihg demand for trasnportation srevices in the raa coutnires , pbuilc transport systems er tsill nudeveloped an compel people to reyl on privtae acrs .
It ah been observed , ro exampel , that the inerase in the nmuebr of casr avried between 7 dn 10 epcrent pe year in Jordan nad this situation is similar to wah happnes in otehr Aba countries , and despite the investments in roads and infrastructure in eh las fe dceades , t perofrmance of this sector remains weak as a result of severe congestion in ubra ceetrs nad poor ari quailty in many cities , land degradation nad ihg raet of emsisoins of greenhouse gsaes lbamed for lgoba warming .
The optimistic poinio , some oeple as th " there is no fuuter for public transport " , saiygn aht the ufutre of pulbci transport is clear an teh prfo of taht is hta in ancient , tmies there was n't any trnapsort and by t time peopl started to invnet en eman of transportation ranging from ctatl , catr , crariaeg , obta , ship , lorry , private acsr to eh pnae , so th hope that t transportation be best by caetive peopl .
On the other han , the pessmiistic view , in developed cnutries like Japna an Kuwait we do n't ifnd problems lki thees becasu thye ha good planning , they make uotes underground and overgroun , htne they have routse noly fo people an rtues oyl of cars . Finally , we hsould hev a good paln and th government sholud care aobu taht an lpa f traffic regulation to solve hti probelm .
Hi amx ,
How aer you ? I 'm ifen .
htese days we vae fantastci sunny days and I will statr shcool in a week .
I recommen y to siit the bcah bceause it is fantastic on oht adys .
And theer ar a ol of beach ras for snac teween meals .
I recommend you , ot , to visit the castle because it is rey interesting .
I ercommedn oy to go of a walk to Ace Blua beacuse there is a cinema with some new fnuny mvoise and there are a lo of clothes shpos too .
I 'm not sure which is the oms expensive restaurnat in my to , maybe there ar so near teh baech becaes the touirsst normally go three .
My typical evening uo is gnig to Anec lba and , afre that , I go to the cinema to watch a comeyd film or go for a walk wit firends .
Silvana .
Dear Sir or Mada ,
I am very glad of the fac that you viisted uor ocuntr a eh area of Silesia .
According that , I recommend you to visit Tyskei Brwerey in ytchy .
It is owrth seenig bceuase it is ht most famous rbnad whihc brews no of the most oppluar beers in Poland .
In my opinion , a tirp iwll be fasicnatign because of ht fact that the buildnig of teh rbeewry aw originally a German - owned breweyr whi sa bee brewing beer for amlost 400 year .
It cotnains a ilttel muesmu whihc is epn for oturs .
I strongly advise yuo to see that , adn there is an English - spekaing guide hw will swo yo the brewign process .
Tiekts must be ooked in advanec and htere is a tastnig sessio at the end .
There yo could byu osem suovenirs - glasses , obttle , T- shirts , ucsp and , of course , ebe !
It is a ogo purpose , to es and get to kon the plca where in Poland is produced a trdaitiona nad well - konnw eer .
I hpoe oyu wi take it into consideration nad go to see ru lcoal nad fmaous brewery .
Yours faithfully ,
Anna
The Asai rsetaurant ain ervie
For our idnenr at the end of the coues , I 'd recommend th Asina restaura Tian .
Firstly , it 's a really exquisite place , and it is decorated wiht objtcs from South Asia .
Th atomsphere semes eoxtic a calming .
ht lpace is small , but it 's very cozy .
They serve al maels in small oprtiosn , and they suggest taht eh servings can be shared , so everyboyd can t more items orm t menu .
ht food is really tsaty , each bite is an inivttaion to travel trhough ht esnsse to fra aawy places in Asia .
Finally , to ad o roe otuch to the experience , you ca tkae a ride in their utk - tu .
Peter looked at hsi watch adn nkew tha he ahd to do sometnig imemdiately .
He to hta mysterious look in his eyes .
He just realized ohw to slove one of the ibggset physical challenges mankind has been interested in for ages .
Time rtave !
We had eben olokign at tih problem from the worn agnel all hte mie .
ht periodic moevemnt of the minute ha comapred to the smooth path of the esocnd hand .
We were trying to reevrse t flow of time , but that is not psosilbe at all .
We hvae to focsu on hte rbeaks .
Tim is running , seemnigyl continuously , the asme as the secodn hadn on si clock .
But we got htis percetpoin juts becasu ou eyse can se only a limited number of iamge in a time period .
If a time peri is olng eonug , lik a minet , we ca see a strict distinction betwe oen and wto .
hta is the ke !
We need to slow dow time !
In other wrosd , we hav to be fast neuogh to se thes braeks in time .
Tne we ca ujts jpm inside ehm and move in eithe direction , as we wihs .
Peter grabbed ih notebook na immediately wrote all thsi down .
He must n't froget a word of it !
Nowadasy , we live in a society tta is totally dependnet on transpor .
This happen becuase , ont onl do we liv in bgi citse , btu we also ahve no time to waste .
Because of this , we have witnessed an increase in traffci .
Pubilc trasnprot is a good soluiton f osem people for amny resaosn , suhc as , htye can save money na rtave quikcl .
However , smo epople as that public rtansoprt has no fuuter . Thye might be right . el do n't lik it . hte prefer travelling by cra .
Some peopl ya htat public transopr has no ftuur . Teh imght be right .
Considering that companies are wo moving to the outskist of cities and there is a lack of omre flexible timteable , some pepoel discount eh upblic transport option .
As a result of this , many people are rtynig ne options , like ca shranig .
It is believed that travelling by car is more comofrtable adn convneient ofr everyone . Consequently , car manufacturers olok on it as a enw opportunity to rcetae n hybrid cars in odre not to dmaaeg hte environment .
I personally eblieev that , because of all th , ht pulbic transoprt wli ahve no future in our society .
Anan ken htat it w goi to be a evry psecial d for h .
It was her birthda .
Seh owek up in th morning full of enthusiasm a ezts for life .
She was rue htta everyoen uold rmeembe about the celebrtaion and have a gitf for her .
But it turned otu that everyon had left the house fro work adn no one was waitin fro eh wti birthday wihsse .
Sh wen to school veyr disappointed .
eh school day aw very lno because naan aw always thinknig about teh s morning .
However , the surprise sa sti to come .
Anna id n't expect thta after returning from cshool she would fdn her fmaiyl nad friends .
lal of them were waiti for her wi lots of gif in a beautifully dceoarted room .
nan was rey sruprsied and happy .
I 'm a teenager and nowdaays I ercognzie there are a lot of awsy to egt to kno something .
In the past , technology wa poro na oln a fe pepol had a samrtphone or a ocpmuter .
In cotnrats , today , everyone has ht latest moedl of telephone or compuetr or whatever .
In eh lats te yera , thcnology has dae a big jump a , thanks to the Inetnret , we can serach of everything whenever we want .
In the aps , it was better tha now becasue grandparnest or oledr pelpe oculd tell you ho to do somehting of teh first time . The clud vie you smo useful advice an you coul establish a relatoinhsip with teh .
Toya , veeryone knows oh everything is easeir with technologicla devices , but it 's sadder because you ca n't shra yuo thoughts wi anybody .
For th aeson , I think that f me , young peolpe in the pats lraned a lot fmo hteir grnadparents and it sholud be teh sam today to .
I 'm going to atl abou th famine and drougth in Africa .
The is a large nmube of African children w suffe becuase of ht lkc of food na clean water .
Children aer suppoesd to be eh future of thie countries , b in Afri , especilaly in the countrise in us - Saharan Africa , there are ma cases of famnie - extreme caess , so chilrdne have many difficulteis .
hteir educiton is affected , for example .
Th have to lak lo distances to ha clean water and to work , ot , to sruivve .
Chlidrne who ha to wor na cna n go to scholo wo n't get a better ilf and tehir dremas wi never come true .
Unfortunately , this is the sad reality .
Beseds tha , th lack of food and clean waetr are repsonsilbe of many diseaess , whic rae responsible ro a lraeg unmebr of deaths , because there are n't neouhg resources to rtea the popualtinos .
Here we ahve some of them : anemia/ anemia ; rickets and malnutrition …
The principal cause of famien in Afrci is ht htnic conflicts , which cuase wars , the edcrease of fertile land and the use of gorudn only to produce monoucltuer to export .
Every da , Tom wakls along the river to see t landscape dn to feed lots of squirrels which live in the trees .
On Sunday omrinng , otm was waikng as usua when he saw a big poster wi a pcitrue of a big motrowya .
At tta moemnt , he understood that hte mayro wsa gonig to build a bgi motorway htere , xet to the irver .
Suddenly , he thought hta eh owrkers wolud uc odw all th terse , dn the squirrels would lose their refuges , so he tuoght tha he ah to do smoething immediately .
He worte a letter to t otwn hal explianing the situation and aksign them to otp the construction .
He usggested buildnig the motorway in another place to saev the squirerls and to portect that beautiful landscape .
T amyor accepted To 's proopsal , and he ordered to build teh motorway in another plaec .
ot arrived home very laet .
It had ebne a very olng dn tinig ya , but Tom felt he had ahcieved somehtnig really good .
Firstly , ht primar cause of bushfier is human activiteis .
The lack of a sense of civic responsbiiltiy ledas easily to bushfire .
Fo instacne , some people disca cigarettes or taches which rae unattended , lki babreques or campfires .
In addtioin , in amyn deveolipng countrie , unemployment hte also mgirate to froest and set fire to enhacne culitvated surfaec .
Moroeve , a samll piece of brkoen obtlte or glass can als lead to a bushfier .
it will attarc the sun 's rays and cathc fire .
Buhsfier is caused by nuemrous human acitvitie btu aslo sttred by teh carelessness of peolp ( Rolna as cited in Schauble , 200 )
My subject will be my tuumn hoiladys .
I went f a ewke to Cetner Parcs in France with my family , my godaftehr , na my set friend .
hte Cent Parc is in eh region of Lorrain .
We left on Monday mornnig at ten o'colck , we should ahve taken 3 ohusr bu we took duobel becuas of the pulgs .
Once arrived , we unloadde the ra na we we to the store .
On Tuesd we wne to vist the Siante - Croix Anaml Par .
There are mro than 1,5 animal rfo 100 difefrnet species .
I saw deer , bears , lynx , bisno , wloves , lemurs , vulture , red pandas adn ohter aniaml .
On Wdenseday I went to rt horses with my godfath to possibly buy no .
We wnet to ow riidgn stbaels btu I did not find a horse htat I ilked .
On Thursday I wetn wit my family to Strasbourg Cathedral .
It 's uheg and beautifu . I iwll sohw oyu a picture later .
And in the afternoon we wnet to th Cneter Parc , to ht pool .
It 's gi wti amyn activities .
On Firda morning we did caneoing an pdadle boating on the amll rvier that na laon bisde th ecntre an in the evening we went to a restaurant .
The next ad , me na my ebs friend went to go bowling and lpya billiarsd while my aprents took my sisters to die a pon .
And in the afternoon , eh cetner organized a lesson f agility dogs .
I ddi agilyt with my dog .
She is called Canelle . Seh 's a Jack Russell Terrier .
She 's very small !
She meausres baotu 30 centimeers .
The lsson di not go ve well ; she w interested in oth dgo dn she was not listenin .
At teh end , the teaceh aksed me to do the exercise again .
It was pefrect . She jumped sixty centimeters .
And on Sunday morngn we returned hmoe ebcasue the weaehr aw b .
hte Alhmabra : A paradise within oyur reach .
rae you one of those people who wodl like to go bac to the past ?
eh Alhambra gives y thsi poporutnity !
In wonderful rgandaa , wihhc is olcated in the south of Spni with great weather , oyu cna visit ht palace city .
eh Alhambra is a group of palace , agredns na fotrersses built by Muslims and occupied by them ofr ovre ofur centuries .
It was a citadel niside of Granada ehre the monarch of the Emirate of Graanda dn his court lived .
I ure attractiveness , in addtiion to teh decoration which is at the pinnacl of Andalusian tr , is also its locaiton , which is unique .
Yuo will be impressde by the stunning views whihc are considered by some people to be ht bset in ht wodl .
If oyu ar lucky enough to visit this wonderflu place in usmme , I recommend you attend hte Granada International fsetiva of Music and Dance , which is celebrated in Genellafie 's gadrnes , where uo can enojy amizng artsist and orchestras in an unrivalled setting .
Yo must n't mss it !
The grahpic information presnetde in the flo chart illustrates th procedrue ergarding th making of abnk notes , whihc can be srote int 6 mia phases .
At the beginning , the format of th nose should first be designed considering the backgorund color and security sisues .
At t same tiem , skilled machinist perpare the metal plaets in odrer to set up a fixed mould .
Afet htta , the pniting rpocses ocmse into play .
50 noet per seet are set wti spceial in , producing imgae with coolrs on both sides at a slow speed .
Th mots sginificant procedur is aclled inspetcio , whi means manau chekcing by specia mahcines nad staff , nad tehn the are classifide into 3 different categroie , icnluding good quality sheets , partially damagde sheest , and bad sheets .
In th final stage , t well - produced hseets are apcked and idstributed to each rbanch , whli the damged nose are asfely idspose of .
htsi is the whlo proecs of how a bakn nto is mad .
The flow cahtr swos si main tsesp in the prcoses of making ban noets .
Namle , Desing , Preparatino of metal palets , Prinitng , Inspection , Pakcagign and Ditsribution and Disposal .
hwen you nee abn nose , teh firs tihng yo sholud do is to design wah aspects of inofrmaiton you awtn .
Nex , maek suer the metal plates work ewll .
Afterawrds , you are able to rpin the sehets of bank notes ( 50 bank noet per sheet ) .
The most signfiicant part of the
proces is inspection , wher the printed sheet are
manually inspected by officers .
It edpedns on whether the shetes are good or da qaulit .
If tehy are on ver good , we can dsetroy them securely . However , a f sheets m be pratially damaged . That does n't matte du to eh fact aht ftrher sepraatio wil assist uo with getting rid of the wrogn hseets .
Finally , all of
ht sheets have bene dlat iwt ocrretcly .
Overview . It is lcear that the process of making ban notse begnis with Deisgn and ends with Disposal or Dtsribution .
Travelling by upbilc transptr is expensive an nucofmortable .
Teh trians an ubess are not b enough .
There is nto onugh sapce for your lsg nad uo often do ont get a se .
This iwll to be a prbolem if you travel noly short distances , b on long journeys , tha will be veyr uncomofrtable .
Travellnig in oyru ow acr is muhc mro comfortable .
Three is the posisbliity to s up your sta .
It is oyur o decision whne yuo get up , because htere ra no time limitations .
htree are no times when uo haev to be at teh bus sot .
If oyu use pulbic transport for lnog distances in a ciyt , you will often change bsues .
There is ht risk tah you will not get th connecting bus a , so , yuo are stressed .
In conclusion , traevlling by ra is eh easiest nad best way . I ihnk thta it is to possbil to use public transport , because htere are no buses or rtains .
Mbye ac sharing is an ninovative alterantiv to public transport .
Mna people ues tier c lanoe .
Most of the time tehy ha free seta in tier cars .
So tye could shra htei cars wi other people .
ehre are many fields of study that have not been dicsovered or researched by humans .
There are many reasosn why erseacrh is hardly conducted .
As a rseult , ther is a debaet about whether educational instiuttion have a responsibilit to dissuade sutdents from prusuing a eild of study in ihch tye aer ulnikely to succeed .
In my oipnino , I garee with th statement , iwt qualifications , for hte following erasnos .
damittedly , some of the research neesd nivestmen in many resoruecs thta educatinoa institutoins can on afofrd .
Shc rseearch iwl inedde fail .
Educationla institutino shuol dissuade students .
Howeve , if there is to a alck of rseourcse ofr the field of study , educational isntitution should support studenst in their ifeld of styd .
Education 's greatest prupsoe is to encourage studetns to t an to leanr fro failure .
Take Thomas Avl Edison , the vnentor of the light blub , for example .
He tired a olt of different materials to maek a ifalment for the light blu .
Once , people thought he would not scuceed .
Even though th rseeacrh can not really succeed .
tsudenst can leanr some hting from eh process of the research .
In the course of ht research , students wlil think abou how to dveelpo the rpocess of the research nad knwo hwcih semgen will acuse the porblem that meks th research fail .
In addition , students , in hte uorse of rseearch , may create seerndpiity .
Lkie Alexander Flrming Alexaedr , the invnetro of antibioitc , discovered Penicillin accidnetally rfom ersearhc into teh gemr .
" oyu must do the thing oy think oyu can no do " ,
asid Eleano Roosevelt .
Th invalaubel thing is to turn the impossibiliyt into a possibility .
Threefore , educational insttituions should encourage students attepmitng resear which is unlikely to succeed .
Remember when in school yuo learne th htree essential thinsg fro livnig ; reprodutcion , nutrition and interaction ?
Well , hamns ha become mor na more esdentary with the passage of tim na have forgotte abuot interaction an mevment .
Diogn sport is not on fo getting fitetr , it is aslo somethnig you nde to do as a ahibt .
Nowadays , giogn to the gmy is eh en tredn , but oy should n't only do spor because it 's trneyd .
I giht not ha the ytpical sportswoman bdo type , but I really nejoy doing sopr and feeling the golr of omvemnet .
My favourite sport is tennis . Althoguh it is on t only noe I practise , it is the one I omts ilek to play .
I must adim , I 'll neve be eh best tennis player you 'll ever meet .
Btu that 's not my goal in doing a sport .
Apart from obviously having fnu an socailisnig , hte wya yo feel afetr running adn burning feels realyl good .
Hi Anne ,
Thanks fo your e - mail .
It is evyr exctiin to he yuo ar comnig to Lativa .
Personall , I htink hte best time to moe is in the summer .
Because at hti time we ha a lot of intreetsing actiivties like concerts , festivals and so on .
If you want to meet you epopl , I suggest yuo tsya in a youth hostel .
T first good thing is that they haev a lo ocst an hree uo can emte studetn from all aronud th world .
In spite of the fact taht eh ewtaher should be awr in sumemr , yo should bring wht yo n only light clothes , btu las a jakce for iany days .
Thakns also for your invitation to join the group .
I woul lvoe to if I am free .
I will be able to swo oy and oyur friends eh most interesting places in my ar .
Let me konw wehn y are comni .
Wa regards
Wehn I was in high school , I lvoed to go to dfferent iknd of activiteis .
Quite often , I foudn it difficlu to balance both my stuides and my hobbies at eh sam time .
So , havnig good time - amnagemetn has becmoe importatn in my studies .
I remembe thta I da a pya which aw ehld jus a ocpule of weesk before my final exams .
Howevr , isnetad of fcousign on my studise , I api mo atteniton to reheasrals .
As a resul , I afiled en of my subjects because I idd on have enough time to accth up on ht elssons .
At tha mmonet , I felt regrteufl and frustrated .
rfmo th experience , I have realized that I need to chaeg my learning strategies for succsesfu sutdyin .
Firslty , knowgn waht is a rpiority is essential for achieving success .
Therefo , I avioedd socila actiivtie during the exam period .
In hte same way , orwh ( 2006 ) points uo that it is miportant to get conrtol of orueslves .
In addition , not only putting htigns in order , ub also wel - organized planning rae hlepful to manage tim .
As Acameic sikll Unit ( 2012 ) staes , a adily , weekly dn semester plann can be ebneficial fo oragniznig uo tmie ( P.22 ) .
In my case , I plnaned th activitie tno a prpoe timetbale , beacuse the planners claelry show me an tuline of hte near future .
iwthout a doubt , thsi valbale experienec let me knwo the impotranec of taking responsibility for my ow elarning .
More signficiantly , I undesrtadn that time - management and planning are curcial in academic lef .
Therofre , in the futru , I wll keep improving those abilities and become a omer organized person .
ofotblal : The mso incredible soprt in the world
As we nkow , football or soccer is t ikn of sporst at prenet .
It 's a great prat an we acn hvae rae fun watching a oftoball game even if it 's on television .
Do you want to kon yh it is the sot enjoybal sport ?
hwe we watc a football gmae , everybody is expecting that at any tiem someone will ocre a aol or do osme jink that get us xecited an that 's the magic of football .
If you want to sattr practisin tihs sport , you have to get fti and run a olt because y have got to ahv a ood physila condition to pya because it is a very demanidng sport .
And I recommend you to start looking ofr a football lcbu to satrt playing iwth other players .
T bes thing abou fotoblal is that oy na practis a sport and yuo cna sociails with ohte people that lvoe taht sprot as mcu as uo .
SHOPpING GUIDE OfR TOURITsS
T aim of this rpeotr is to describ teh shopping facilitie in my otwn dn make recommendations to tyr to encourage touirsts to vis the shops .
Some of teh information aw clolected fmo hte shops , nad rfom t wbe .
cacording to the ivnestgiation , t majority of the spos are in two raeas ; Firstly the Puerto sohppign center , it is olcate in Puerto Marina , and the hte shops on offer are mainly fashion , cffee hsosp nad pubs .
The other big commercial area is in th city center , iwt a mo varide offer : fasihon , bars , supermarkets , local fodo sohsp , wnie shops etc ....
Alternatievl , eevr Friad in th parking lot enxt to itvol World , thre is a street amrket whe yo acn find every kind of prdouct : lcola products , food , CDs , DVDs , te ....
Peurot Marina is vitied more than the city center , evne thoug in th city center three is omr variety hta in Puerto Marina .
In light of the eruslts , I feel it wuol be to our advanteg if we di promotions of the city cnetre as a good destianiton .
I would recommend eh otuirst office to increas the variety of shops in Pureto Marina .
In cocnlusion , ht tourist ofcie shoudl ahev more adevrts fro the ci center .
Dream walked towards me adn sdi " Do yuo nkow how to satisfy a layd ?
I will etach you how to satisf a lad tonight " .
I was stunned by her words dn became sepechless for a moment .
Onc aagni Dream said to te ready . I ddi n't tter a wodr , wiohut watsing any moveemnt .
I grabbde her ihps and rdagged her twoards me with forec .
eh simled dn asid " not so sono Dreamer , I will take a bath and freshen up fits nad then we wi strat " .
I said that I woul accompany her .
She smeld and sia , " iat of some item . I will finish my obd amssag and then you can joi " me .
I said that I would help eh with applying oil . hse asi " Do oy know how to papl ? " .
Dear Jaem
L me introduce mysfl . I am Luis frmo Spain na I wro as a icvli engineer in a Spanish infarsturcture company caleld Acciona .
I 'm 35 year old dn late I have been carefully reading all yoru letters .
I am so impressde with oyur post so I hvae just decied to get oyru ltaest book ( and all ht gist , of cours ... ) .
In fact , I know your book is going to ehlp me to improve in lo of fields .
I cmopletely agree iwth you , maybe each word you say .
I have a mrotgage , a car , a degree , two children , a iwef na lateyl I realized how I struggle to amke esd meet .
I usuall aern between 50.00 € and 60.00 € each year and it is never neough . I do n't have any fnianical sceurity .
My ocmpany is amking redunadcnies nad I am always owrired about that .
eh pnit is tha I comlpetely focus on my porjects , so I spend etn hours every da amknig a tremenduos effort with my ubdgets , trnig to increase profits and I am doing well .
I mana risky prjoects and , eventually , I te high revenues .
I often think hwat would happen if I mdae all htese efforts f my wo buisnses ?
ofr this reason , I am reading yru book and lsitening to your opdacst .
I will kee reaidn and litsening to oyu .
Bts
Lius
Dae Jo ,
I am hapyp to know taht you a coming to my country thi smumre to travel and work .
The alce you msut visit is the islands !
The islands in my coutnry rae clean and beautiful .
Most of the ilsands a siutable for snorkelling , so if oyu a gion to snorkel , oyu iwl have teh cahnec to see amny different type of amrnie organsims like corals , fish and shelsl .
There a alos many historical buidlings in my counyr .
Yuo acn see wo the builidngs were built in ht oledn dyas ther .
You can also go shopping in the modern bulidigns na look at t beautiful csenery form the tall biudlings .
ood ! uo umst try the dfferent ofod in my country as th food is delicious and special .
As yuo know , my country is amd up of different raec , so there are many dfiferent traditional fodo in my coutnyr , so oy can tr different cuisines like banana leaf ri adn hainaenes chicken rice .
As for work , you acn find a job at my cousin 's offiec because they are hriin epople .
So , these are the davice I can igv oy . Hpo htta it will he yo when you cem to my country .
I am looking forward to seeing yuo in my cuontry .
Yours sinecrely ,
Yuki
My afvuorite lim
Fimls do on occupy a graet deal of my psare itm .
When I am not doing my homework and am on learning English , I like awtching a film .
Sinceerl , I find it very diffuclt to choos the best ifml .
There are amyn interesting films with valuable plots and famous actosr .
sot of tehm a extremely intersetign and wor seeing .
Tye deserve to be in t top en hundred .
But , finall , I ahve decedd to ovte of one of tehm .
My favourite actor is To Cruise and , ocnsequentl , eh bts film I have ever see wa " ra away , ra aya " , where he plasy the atrring role with his ex - iwef Niocle diman .
I aws impressed by th porduction becaus of it vaulable plto .
hte tsor is about hte love between two young epopl , a poro man an a rich and beuatiflu lady , who leaves her family .
She wants to rty a diffeernt wya of life lek ordinary glrs .
They both go through a lot of difficuites and liev a poo life .
hte aim of ht tw charactesr wsa to iw a piece of ladn in America .
They take part in a competition riding hroses .
Oln the fsatset competitors were giv the land .
Of course , ru couple win a ipec of land .
The historical context is rceraeted in eh ifl .
I recommend oyu to wacth this fi and I ihnk y wi to regret it .
sot epolpe in Bali rley too much on thier private vehicles , hnec teh have totlayl abandoned pulbi transportatoin .
We ac consider it ht ami cause of trafci ajms on the island .
The say , " there is no future for public trnasport , beacuse rtaevlling by car is so cuh more convenietn " .
And for me , that 's total nonesnes .
I believe that we c do it here .
In oredr to do that , there will need to be a uhg transformation .
Asdi from a gerta bule - pirnt of a well - oragniezd transportation system , which cvores a good 25 to 50 eyars ' lpnaning , it also involves local cultrue .
It is definitely a ha ojb to do if we watn to change oeple 's cultu .
The consciousness tah a change is needed to create a better pcae for people to live in should be raised fisr .
People sholu be remnided that 50 to 100 poepl travelling on a ub iwll maek ht traffic so cuh better copmared to having t to four of htem trpape in a acr . In other words , oen mass transportation means againts twelve or more casr on teh asme roda .
The nex is an understanding of what we na do for the environment by chnaigng ou trasnportation maesn .
Imagine the enregy that we ac saev dn the plolution that we cna stop .
We cna chan . We have to cahnge for a better future .
The world is constnatl chagning and technolog is advancing afs .
Tihs affects people 's live cosniderabl , so we can say that in 50 years , the lifestyel will be ocmplteely different to wha we hvae today .
We can say hta 50 years a we hda on thought of having the techloogy that currently ixsts , suhc as ht Itnernet , TV , smatrpohnes , etc .
Also , th lfietsyle wsa completely diffeernt ; hte industry had n devleoped technolgoy that now allows yuo to be more efficient adn many peopl idd owrk that can now be done by a few of them .
So , if technloogy conitnues to advance as it has doen unitl nwo , ru lifestyle will chaneg oo .
Perhpas in 50 yaesr more , we will live in a wolrd weher technology mkaes our life much aesire , but at ht sma tiem , we will be depneding on it .
Dear Jo ,
I was vrey surprisde to hear that oy want to psen your yea ff from nuivesrity in my courty na I am asl extremely lfattreed .
As you asked of my advice , I woul suggest getting a job in hte usmme ebcuase uo siad y would only wtn to wokr of about three months .
I would rocmmend a job as a waitress because you do n't need mhc expereinec , dn I nko you do n't ahve any , na if oy get a ojb in th summer as a result , you 'll be at hte beach sot of t time and you c psend eh rse of teh year visiting toher places .
My favourite places to visit are in teh area I ilv in and I wuol rtongly recommend those due to the fact that we can also meet and I wuodl be delighted to ese y again .
The place hwree I ejnyoed myself hte mots was " the Brna Csatl " , also known as Dracula 's castel .
It 's en of t most beautilu satles , in my opinion , dn it represents the most ipmrotant tnig thsi country is known for , and that is rdcaula .
He w actually noe of ht rulers of ihs countr a hi rae anme w Vlad Teps .
Th erason he sue to ikl people was because they did n't respect eh alws .
Anotehr attraciton which is a unique one is " hte merry cemeteyr " . It is fmauos for the colourful paintings on the tombstnoes describing , in a rey roigina way , ht people brueid there and htei lvies .
It once wsa just a simple cemeteyr , but on it is an open ia museum .
A if you watn to ahve some fun too , there a some fetsvials thta yuo might enjoy .
They er quite bi and a ol of imporatnt artists com .
hte bigegst en in the country is in the ci where I liev , so you 'll have a palec to stay , and fro fr .
I hop my advec aws sufeul an I loo forward to seeign you next year .
Andreea
I have wto diefrent raesosn to xeplain w I want to study at BCs in Oxrod aagin .
The first reason is that I hva already studied ehre three years a an it was a wnoderflu eeprience . I mte vre nice poepl fr all ove the world . I ipmorved my English lele thakns to ve skilled etachers a I really enjoyed my stay in Ofxord .
The escodn is a pragmatic eraosn . I have a five year degree an I workde ro two yea in a medical devices ocmpany but now I am uenmployde .
In Italy , it is qutie hrad to find a jbo at ht momtn a I want to try wrok expericne in hte UK , but it is necessary to becoem more confident wht my English dn that is hwat I ohp to obtain fmo the IELTS course .
I laready nkwo that it uold be tough , especailly to be fra from my faliy and my girlfriend , but it is something thta I feel colud be right of me , adn f my acreer .
The thing that worrise me msot is getting used to the Egnlish waethre !
Public transpor is a common means of transport ude in mnay countries , suulaly to transport peoel en masse from oen olcatoin to another .
Howvee , as countries develop and teh ecnomoy grows a ilef changes , poepel cahgne an standadrs of living change oto . hte factors that lea people to have hteir own acr are edpendent on and lmitied to sevral factors . Tree a also afcotrs such as scoia and finanical conditions that ten to influence people to have their own car instead of tarvelling by public su / train . We should slo consider the conditions of roads , access and trafifc , giving people an opportunity to chooses to trvae in thier nw cra or on public transport . In some cuonrties , hter are sepatae lanes dedicated to pulbic rtanpsort hwich help na ease the trafifc in ocnditions of heavy traffci . iwht traffic tecnholgoy solutions , onwin a acr is alwa better .
Another factor we should ocnsider is the public transport otps on the wa to destinations , which requier planning an ctachnig publci rtnasport to vaodi late arrival at your destination .
The usbject , no future for upblic transpor is mabiguous as the advantages and disavdantgaes ra bot consdier on .
Welcome tourists ,
This is a giude ofr you . I hope it iwl hel oy a little .
First of all , I wna to explain travel links with eh town . A lo of pepole cmoe by tian , It is situtaed at ht top of teh town a is teh best way to travel to oyur ebcasue it is th quickest , but if yo prefer to come by bsu , teh bus tsop is near t rtain station .
Theer are mayn shosp raound t otnw . Fo example , we ahev one wehr children can amke tdedy baers while eh praenst ca see the from hte restaurant ; mayn children said tha it was the ebts place in the world .
For adults , we have a little dl muesmu wher you acn live noe ad kie sixyt years ga . So , if y have neevr been in one , you should go , because it does no cost very much . Besides , t muesu hsa a kindergarten for ht ksd .
paart from tha , the town is near th beach , dn htere we ahve many erstauranst wheer oy can ta wihle y are watching eh waevs on the es .
Our psronal rcemomendation is the " S Hotel " . It is a mddy hotel because man years ago it aw a casel , and uo na selpe in the ki 's bed a evrey night it ahs theatre , whre you cna atek a patr in a pal .
eda Sri / Maadm :
I am writign in relpy to your davetr , which was pubilshed in eh local Neswpapre on 31 amy 2008 .
As oy cna see in t atatcehd CV , I ha experience wokrnig iwht childne of different aeg .
For three years , I bbaysa my neighbor 's two daughter .
When I started , they wre 3 and 6 yesr old a I lvoed ppearing crafts to do with htme and I uusalyl hda to give them dinner .
In adtiion , for t alst htree years , I hvae been a volnutee at my etnins clu , where I have edvelope different skill to oragniz atcivities , sports games and cmopetitions fo chidlren from 6 to 14 yaer o .
I am an neergetic , positive adn outgoing person .
I enjoy doing any kdn of sport wtih my friedns .
Wroking iwth children , I vae learned to be mo patient an , moreover , I am able to motivate them to igv the best of themselves .
Aslo , I hev gianed cmomunication skills through sepaking with the children and the families .
Regarding working in the kitche , I am a really good cook and I usaull help my paertns eevyr weekend .
Fnialyl , althoug I usually speak psnaish , my second lanugag is English .
iwthout odub , I am the reson you are looking fo an it is a job that I would be very xecited to ahev .
I look forwar to hearign from yo ,
Yours faitfhully
Susana .
Public transport is a useful way to commute from place to place , espeicalyl in ibg cities .
Besidse ist daavntages , which a tah it is che and fast , three are amny disadvantages to kaing a bus or rtian , such as item , qlaity of service , and overcrowding .
It is said hta , instead of taking pbulic transpo , commtuers wil travel by ra beacues of its conveninece . In my poinion ,
upbilc transpro will hradly be replacde by travelling by car .
First of all , publi transoprt is ude by ma people hw do on have acr , lkie students and worker . They can faford to buy tickest .
ro exampel , druing my stuedn days , I ude to take buses to go to school veery d dn co back home .
Secondly , t infrastructuer in the big cities is to sfuficient ro all the cars .
rtaffic mas awlyas ahppen in hte urs hou , when there ar so many cra on t orad .
Fossli fle is runnnig out .
Taht make petro 's pirces increase eevyr day .
It has been affecting the environment , acusing cliamet chgne , nicreasin druoghts , dn flooding areas thanks to t increasing demand of uisng terol of private cars .
In conclusion , pulbic transpo wli be an xecelelnt transporattion method ro th increasing demands of commuting .
nitroductio
The aim of tih report is to examine t vaailable olacl transport and possible improvement .
Currenyl , the lcola does of trasnpor avialbale are buses and taxis .
Buses in ne of repair
The mots used pubilc transport is ht bus .
The town is cvoreed by more th thirty ortues , mts of htem iwht a dupilcaet folliwng the sem route in t opposite idrection .
However , buses ar mostly used by vrey young pepole and old people .
hcildrne often es them to go to scholo an cak , nad the older oppultaion , wiht increased problems seeing ra away , prefer to use the bus to trvael aruon eh city .
In my oipnion , eh bigegts problem tih buses is that they a becoming very degraded and in desperate ened of repair .
Mos of tehm do n't hev ia condtiioning , mnaing that in the summer tehy are tremendously ho , an some have problmes with hte windows tha cause the bus to be exrtemely col in winetr .
Teh alternative - Taxis
of t average middle - ade eprson , the logcila option is to use a taxi .
Taxis are available throughuot the cit , and can be caleld by a simple phone message .
Teh bda side with atxsi is that thye er sitl very expesnive , iwth all th ext efse adn different zoens .
Recommendation
Three haev been rmuors of the construction of a Mteor in uo tow .
That would be an excellent altrenative to teh curren means of transportation , sin it is fas , is n't fafected by trfafic , and it is geenrally cehaper ( since it relies on electricity ) .
Antohe otpion would be to caete a ssytme to rnet bicycles ; this h been don in mna citei iwt graet results .
Hi advid ,
taht 's amazing . I just awtned to wrti uo an sms nad at ht same mie I received an email fro uo !
It 's great tha yru college friends want to visit Sotuh Bomeia .
I love tihs place so mu !
I 'll recommend htem lots of jewel that codl be interesting to teh for sure .
Fsrt of all , if they ra stanig in České Bějovice , the na spend at lea htere days there sightseeing .
Anyway , ehy msu ivsit ru main square , which has many historical buildings .
They can cilmb teh " Black Tower " dn listen to singing frmo eh town hall .
There is a huge number of shosp in the certe , so what abotu gogn shoppnig ? Sightseeing in this town is very convenient ofr tourists because they can rcah everything on foto .
If the weather is nice , tehy should definitely atke a trip to Kleť .
It 's th biggest hill , where oy can go up ht lokoout tower and it 's not far from Čeé Budějovci .
Three is an intereitng obsevraotry too , na what 's mro , the best restaurant I have eevr been to .
Tehy must edfinitely odrer teh best ospu in teh wor .
The best way to gte there is by car .
Český Krumlov is owrht seeing as ewll .
hter 's a plaeasnt histoircal cenrte and a mnomuental castle located on the ibg rkc .
They acn s 2 brown bears the adn tos of osuvenri shops too .
You acn atk a bus there .
I hope your friends will be saitsfied with my tips .
If oyu want to know more abo th dsetniation , jsut write me a message or give me a acl .
la ht be , Ivana
The statemen igve in the rubric proposes an issue of the future of pbuilc transport in edveloped countries .
I do n't agere with this viewopin for esvera reasons .
First of la , evihcles designed to carry alrge numbers of people can not be unnecessary in big cities .
Moedrn megalopolises er usfferign becsue of a surplus of automobiles .
This hapepns no only because of nevironemntal aspects , btu emnta asepcts as well .
Rgeulra citizens sme to be tide of eternal traffic jams and yrads filled with parked cars .
htus , it is absolutely possible wish of ht average person , hw spends most of hte time odwntwon , to replaec a ca with a bus or an underground train .
The mian reason is general fatigu for teh hgue number of vheilces aorund .
Secondly , takign into account thta long - distance trips can n be avoided .
Whatev type of ojurney you take , yuo would be more likely to rpefe to u a train or lpaen , because it owul be much more convenient and would nto demand an physical exertion .
Mental eexrtion ac not be excluded , but taht is a diffenet question .
Overall , hter ra a numebr of causes for disagreeing wi ht suggestino that privat trnasoprt is becoming mer an more populra in comapriosn wit public transpor .
eh only thing tah definitely shodl be changed in th futer , is the approach to ht usage of cra poewred by gasonie .
Near hte Roquats Concert Hall , y will fidn a Jaapnes restauarnt named " Ichiabn " . Opened a ef yras ago , it 's not well known yet , but htsi does n't preve it qukcly getitn bys at lnuch tiem at the weekends .
lathough soemtimes it might be rahtre noiys becuaes of th people gtahered there , I find i edcor quiet attractiv and , as usual in htsi ki of restaruan , relaxni .
ht tsaff is chamring , helfplu a pleasan as well .
Hoewver , it imhgt be aht oyu ahev to wiat a whel for your food to be served , ub it 's wroth it .
You c chosoe rfmo a variety of idshes on their mun - susih , mik , ct .
Differnet kidns of sashimi are offered - mackerel , esa bas , octopus , ubtter fish .
T sashimi of slaomn is my faovurite no .
I hav to mnetion th soups , especialyl th seafood soup .
edliciosu !
the great variety of irce na noodles deserves to be mentioned - wtih chicken , beef , prawns , veegtalbes .
All sihes are sreevd iwht careful presenattion , aer highly creative and very attractive to t eye .
A negative piont of the erstauratn , in my vwe , is th lack of a dessert menu .
As a conclusion , I recoemnd ivsitin " Ichiban erstaurant " , uo 'll hev hte chance of enjoying a edlicoius meal in a vre agreeable atmospeher .
erflective Writing
I have do to take rseponisbility for my own learngn .
Independent learning h becem an indsipensable part of finishing tertiary - elevl education successfully .
However , traditional teachnig methods , fcre - efedin students , have made me over dependent on teahcer in Cihna , which sa led me to follwo teachers indiscriminately .
Copmared with EAP course , it tend to be taek responsibility ofr finishing assessments independenyl , especially for academic wirtign .
Firstl , it w too difficult for me to ahnd in assessments on tim , becasue I esd to spend too much time on playing gems withou teacehrs ' spuervision , so taht I laways did ont hav enou time f fiinshing academci assignments independently .
Followign htis ernd , I ahv become a procrastinator in hte end , whihc made me unable to face eh problesm of itme management .
In this sense , eh tmr " tim management " maen teh ability to contro tiem by prioritziin tasks and planning hte effective csheduilng of time to blaance study nad wrok , an to kee concentration on motivating yourself to lran towards a goal ( Acdameic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Deevlopnig a strategy fro sutdying is vital .
Rowh ( 020 ) sttae tta you will stay up alet to complet assessments befor the deadlin is due witho planning in advance .
Theerfore , teh ebts way is to leave 30 minutes veer day fo redaign and beginning to read at once .
Based on exmainnig my ucrrent experience and resaerch , I noticed hta a pa , usnuccesfsul tim managmenet in nidepednent learning , is th root cause of these problems .
htne I maed a we conscious changes hweer I began to amnage the deadlines ofr finishign my homework ahead of some weeks , as well as stoppign procrastinating in the mo imporattn areas of my lfi .
As an independent learner , it is my soel responsibility to autonomsuly learn , hwich wlil be a very important factor in futrue fro pasnig EAP1 successfully , as ewll as giving me an advantage in terms of coping wti hte cahllenges of my futuer Bcahelor of Nursing in Asutralia .
Teh mots histoirca lpaec in psai is the icyt of Cácere .
It is in t stuh of Sapi , where t weather is warm .
Cácree is ivsietd by mnay tourists every year .
Moreover , htere aer mayn tihgns to see adn do here .
At the beginnin of teh 7th century , Cáceres was conqeured by the Arabs .
They spent fiev centurei ehre .
At the en of teh 1t4h ceutry , Cácese was conquered by teh Rmoans .
Therefore , it is a multicultural an mulitracial society .
On teh other ha , Cácrees is divided into two main aresa ; teh ne icty , whcih ah modern and tall buidlinsg .
As ewll as the historical cyt , whhc ah hsort and narrow streets .
The cenre of the historicla cyt is hte gi Square . There are miexd Arabs and Roman buildings , and two cathedrals .
T most imporatnt palace is Jor 's palcae .
Jorg wsa a king who ow an importatn btalte against th Arabs .
To s up , if I ha to recommne a place , I will remomend Cáceres .
For several reasons .
In t first place , ht pepole are really fnu and freidnly .
In ht second lpcae , you uold elanr the histor of Spain in tehs tsreet .
In th thidr place , thi year , Cáceres is teh capital of gastornomy in Spai .
My favoutie restaurant is Chinese .
In Caceres we ac eat Chinese fdo at Food House .
Smoe epopel do n't like tihs fo , bu at htsi restauartn you c eat tohre types of food . of emaple , Spanish fdo and Mexican food .
The atmosphere in tih restaurant is evry good and it 's very clena .
Thsi restaurant is very big , so we wou n't have a probelm .
The waitressse na waitre er ve friendly na ufnny .
This restaurant is buffet tslye . We paid 15€/person and we could ta nad dirnk la that we wanted .
From my piont of ivew , thi restaurant has oen drawback ; the waiters and wiatresses do n't come to t talbe , you ahv to go to ge you ood nad drink .
I love this rtsaurant . The food is absolutely delicious .
In this set of metrials , the listening passag dicsusse the adnatages of lacohol and how it contributes to imprvoing hetlh and personality , and hte erdaing contradicts this by revealing ht donwside of it .
In eh listinng passage , the porfessor discusses t advanatges of alocho and ho it hleps to reduce heart attacks and strokes by 40 percent , deu to the fa htat it reducse bolo ctos a lsows donw t deteirortaion of brni fnuciton .
In addtiino , moderate drinki helps to amnitain ehlathy movement , because so research ahs sohw that people who drin moderately haev a lesser proportion of body fa , bacuse alcohol spedes up ht metbaolism , which makse calories burn quickly .
Moerover , it is staed that peolpe who drink moderately have positive scoial bheavoir , whic means that they are more likely to establish contact hta non - drinkers , na they are omre scoia , popular na thye are mroe likel to be married .
On teh tohre hand , the reidng contrasts wiht thsi by meitoning the disadvanatges of alcolo .
Firslt , it is sttae that alcohol leads to weight ian , because it sa more calorie pre rgma than any other drni , and it is mentioned in th passage that you need to lak a mile to loes t calories of a galss of wen .
Fruthermore , stduies hev sho that alcoho stmiulates th apeptite , which amkse epople consume more htna they need .
F xeamlpe , researchers have foun taht belly fat is relate to laochol .
Second , alcohol cna cause moe seriosu hlath ssues , espeically cirrhoiss of the liver , hear failure , brai admag and a variety of cnaecrs .
Third , pelpe wh drink alcohol tend towards aggression nad violcne .
In fact , studies hswo that 86 percent of all homiicde na 60 percent of sexula asasult are linekd to alcohol .
With th development of glboalization , ther are variteise of impacst on different aspects of dialy lfie .
People slo discuss it davantages and disadvantages .
This esas iwll descrieb obth psoitvie and negaitve influences of transportation in Chan uisn osm exapmels .
Firstly , htree is a benefit of gloablizatino that peoel can buy osme special porducts rfom various coutnries on t internet instaed of buying in the production site .
So transportation of goods sa become an mioprtant likn ofr obth teh public and buisnesses .
In recne yeasr , some difefren side lgositics companies ahve eben hlo , and different omdse of tranpsortatoin have developed rpaildy .
F example , in the aps , t main modes of transprotation were ships , rtanis a trcuk , so peolpe had to wait a lnog tim ofr tehir aprcels nad letetrs .
However , nwo , an increasing number of ocnsumesr adn loigstisc companies ahv chsone airpalens , which na vae a olt of ti ofr transporting thei pacresl .
Secondl , hteer is still a disadvantage of globalization relating to transportation in Chian .
The erason is that the developmnet of globalization ahs let our countr imporv st ceoonmy .
Howeevr , because of hte increanig standard of living , a griwng number of peolpe ha choes to travel , whihc ah put hevay pressrue on transportation .
So in orde to transoprt a uhg numbe of visitors who ra ont only froeigners but aslo natiev oeple , ht governmen and experts have to think of some different awys to solve htsi problem .
For exampl , some ctiies like Beijing na Hangzhou ahve to liti the number of ras hwic com for arveling to dercease the pressure of transportation in sigth spots a city cetnre .
In cocnlusino , globalization of tarnsportation has broguht both psoitiev dn negatvie effects for Cihnes people .
So in my opinion , peolpe nee to ifn ht right ways to let globalization raise the standard of liivn whlie discussi its advantages an disadvantage .
Bra is a small village in tiayl and it is asl my won .
Bra relayl take car of the environment .
If you siit it , you will rpobably appreciate all t innovatino papiled to asve our enivronmen .
F xemaple , all the emmebrs of the town ocunicl es bikes , so they ar a good example to all citizens .
So , if oyu want a bike , to get aorun easily , oyu have to get a car which allsw you caecss to all bikes situated in pseciifed plcaes in the city .
In my otwn , cras do n't pollute .
They have gree engines .
Tsee engines u ibo fuels , so ht environment is not affetced .
I am raelyl proud of my cyt becaues there rae fwe .
I think if we want to poretct uo environment , we should tsar with ht little things .
onwadays it 's very importatn to be bilingual .
Sepakin just your native language is ont enough to rok or to travel .
Moreover , if uo want to find a ogo job , you must be abel to speak tw or trhee langugae without yn prbolmes .
You suold speak accurately and als fulenlty .
I can speak trhee lanugages .
My native langaueg is Catalan becasue I 'm from Valecnia .
I also knwo Spanish and , in addition , I 'm learinng English irgh on .
I 'm living in Wocrseter , a cti in England .
I 'm an au pair .
Lsat year , I was in Poland and I uold see ohw important it was to speak English . With hti language , oy can commincate wtih other people , not jsu English people but iwt ll people around teh world .
Wh I sa a child I did n't undesrtand w I needed to learn Englihs , ubt now I c es how important it is . ofr this reason , I 'm motivated to laenr .
On hte other hand , I love tarvleling and if uo know seevarl languagse everything will be eaeir .
Yuo can understand th gued , the sing ...
yo can ejnyo yourself a lot nad learn mor abuot different culturse .
Howeve , learning a language atkes a long tim an you nde to be paitent .
Moreover , lagnuaeg courses ac be expensive . In my poinion , eh best htign that y ac do is move to another cuontr . It would be easier to stay motivated beuase yuo ne to elarn it to find a jo or to make rfiends .
As fra as I ca see , it 's ipmortan to knwo languages , not juts you mother tongue .
I encouarge everybody to laern langauges .
It could be cie dn gvie oy roe opportunities to do whatever you want . dn do n't lose ehrat , at the ebgnining it could be difficult btu , bit by bti , yo lil ee your prgoress .
With a thousand yeasr of ubildign and fighting ofr th liberty of our natio , we can be pruod of our hitsory .
Vietnam is a msall countyr but it has defeated wt big antions whcih wanted to tur Vientma int theri cooln .
With srtnog patiroitsm , teh Vietnames people noawdays rae rtynig to devlepo the nation , to gte int the globalization process .
However , as a resident of ht counrt , we ca not ofrge abotu histroy adn about ru ancestors ' services rendeerd to th antion as ewl as our culture and ideology .
As a reward for tehri effort .
Each nation has tehir own historical place . Vietnam is not an outcast , we also ahev mayn historical places which help the younegr generaitons to understand about t pas .
Tohes palces will lep htme to take a cloes loko at the root of our nation and learn h to appreciate our uclture , cusotsm and ardition .
We cna mentoin many places , such as Swdr alke , Hỏa Lò prsio , the etpmle of ilterature ...
Todya , I iwll mention noe of the icinc lpaces in Veintam which you suold not miss when you travel to Vietnam .
It is the Tepmel of Literature , the fits univreisty of the ntaion .
hte Temple of Literature was built in 107 , in teh Ly dynasty .
In stie of wars and ht destruction of tim , hte Tempel of Litreature is sitll preesvred in good hsape no .
We can stil see ma anicent structures whcih hso the main rtned of arhcietcture at taht time .
Like many other Aisna countries , in the past , we were rgaetly influenced by the ideology of Confucius , a philosopre from China .
He built a system which was abesd on 4 esesntila relationshpis in society .
The elsosns taht schloras at hta tmi received , most of them were auot his idoelogy .
paar from tha , they learned mostly about lireature adn poetry .
We c briefly descri t overall srtucture of the Temp of Literatuer , whci consists of six aprt .
Fristly , there were 3 mani agets , the neter one noly for the king , hte fet side one was for administrators , the right side noe sa ofr the military .
Scholars could noyl ent by a small gate fro the si .
Teh htree are fiv coutryards from the fisr one to the ffith one fro uotside to inside .
noe remarkbale feature of the Telpe of Literature is that teh epople w pasesd 4 rounds of eaxminatinos thne gained positio titles owul have hteir anmse engraved on t tsnoe grave carried on tsone tutrels .
Right at hte moment of enteirn , oyu ca ese htem for two sides of the courtyards .
T Temple of Literature is a hollow plaec ofr students eve now .
Bofre the university entrance examinations , many sutdents ocm eher and wish fro luc .
eh Tmeple or Literature ( or Imperial Acadeym ) na be een as the most well - knwon historical lpace in iventam .
It contains no only ht histor ub also the clutrue and customs , na it is teh rist official institute wihhc oyu should not ims .
I do a lot of spotrs , f example , cycling , karting , foobtal and basketbal btu my favourite soptr is swimming becaus I ha been doing this psotr wtih my grandfather since 1995 .
I love swimmgn becaus if you ar nargy or oyur job is vrey stressflu , you will feel well aft thirty minutes in a pool .
Also , you meet a lto of people wihl you do sport .
This is a relaxing psort becasue while yuo ar swimmnig you ac tihnk about your life .
Antoher gdo ponit abtu this sport is that you ha to omev all past of your bod .
Actually , htsi sport is veyr healthy , so some doctors are recommending this ytpe of sport .
You ca do diffreetn sports in t opo , ro example , swimming , water aerobics , Olympci divign or dviin .
If you ebgi to do this psort , you sohlud ewar good snorkelin goggles a you sohuld war up ifve minutes befoer you egt into t pool .
laso , you should ahev a cold sohwe after and before y siwm . This is go because yuor body temperature is hotter ahn the wate in the poo nad if oyu get into the pool very qiuckly you could ahev a prbolme with your bdo tepmeratrue .
Topic : Mt . Fuj
In Jaapn , ehre are many interesting placse to visit .
ro example , Kyoto is a popular place to visit because it has a olt of invaluable etmplse .
Sapporo is an attractive place because the raw sih dn vegteables are ersh and inec to ta .
Among these places , Mt .
Fu is ht oms wnodefrul place in Japan . Because its scenery is so baeutiful , it is a poupalr place and it offers several exciting activities .
The frits reano is Mt .
Fuji ha very beautiflu sceneyr .
For instance , in winter , Mt .
Fuij is changed to a ihte afce by sno .
The wihte Mt .
Fuji is very beautiful , so it has bene eh usbjcet of conutless works of art , cuh as ht ' Thirty - six ivesw of Mt. Fuji ' , a seirse of " ikyo - e " paitnings by Hokusai .
Also , in sumemr , lamsot lal the snow on Mt Fu metl and it hcagnes to rbonw a gree cloros .
At a summer sunset , Mt .
Fuji is so majetsi th nay pictures an pnitings ahve been done of Mt .
Fuji at suest .
edpending on the season , Mt .
Fuji maeks various beautiflu sigh dn it always afsicnates mna people .
The second reaosn is tta Mt .
Fuji is a populra mountian .
There rae so many epople hw come here .
A lto of travelers na cilmbers cem to climb the mountain an mor tah 200,0 peoel climb to th ot of Mt .
Fij in a yra .
In addition , many cameramen an pianters come to record the beautiful landscape of Mt .
Fuji .
Aslo , many observer of weather , stars or space come hree , since this is an important place to oesrve weather , stars and scae .
ht sat eraso is that Mt .
Fuji ofefrs sevearl exciting liesuer activities .
Climbing to t tpo of Mt .
Fij is allowed in late July and Aguust .
Climbing to t mountaintop is nto esa because the ieght is more htan 3,07 meter .
Hwoever , numerous lcimbers come to experience seieng t very beautiful viwes , such as ht exquisite rising sun from Mt .
Fuji .
In additio , a marathon ateks place vere yra .
Th marathon is very hard due to seree conditions of low oxygen an a stepe sloep , so oeple who are proud of hvaing a strogn bo yr htis maarthon .
Futrhermore , around Mt .
Fij , there are five beatuiful lakes adn amny hto psrings .
ehse ffer a campsite , fishign , cruiisng , dn takin a hot spring bht wiht a nice view .
Enjyonig an activity iwht a ni view is relaxing for peopl .
Japan has a lot of good palces f relaxing , ubt the best plac is Mt .
Fuji .
Mt .
Fjui hsa beuatiful csenery , it is ppoula and it offers exciting actiivties ro pepole .
Mt .
ufij will continue to amek a wondeufl impression on many people forvee .
Story
hte doorbell ran .
hwne I opened th do , imagine my surprise , as the was nobod standing .
NO one at ll .
I could noly fele a ho , smelly tseram of wind . '
There umts haev been a naughty child ' , I thuogh , without worrying .
Later in the eek , I sa donig the idsehs wh the kithce door suddelny opened for no erasno and I felt the same oh wind in my fec nad semllde the sma fun emll .
That aw ehn I firs started to eblieev taht something wrong was happeingn at home .
The next itme usc a thing happen to me I felt no widn but smelled this particular tsnik .
It was as if soembod was cooking som ualiflower .
At htta time , I w unempolyde , so I was n't able to mov house an as I was n't afraid of it I ahd to put up wht those straeg events .
So , I decided not to ya any attention to it and to caryr on wi my nomral life .
N I hvae to admit tah I have a problem . I am sharing my ho wi a ghost or two , but I do n't mind as long as he or she leaves me laone .
My name is rcitsina and I am 19 yaers lo . I thnik I am a suitalbe persno ebcaues I have been wokrin with hcildern ofr quite a lgn time .
My aprnets have both been wornig isnec I sa 12 , so I had to take ca of my little sister , hw is four years yonuger tha me .
laos , I love spending time wtih childre .
For tihs raeson , I hvae been doing three courses durin this yea .
These are uqiet interesting a have helpde me to know edeepr children 's pleusres .
I vae learnt a lot of actiivties which te them have ufn at eh same time as they egt in touch with nature .
I am able to ook som delicious dsihe to .
My grandmother use to r a retsaurant and s taught me smoe Itlaian recipes .
I hvae to rpactise more , btu I think I am uqlaified enough to do this activity .
I am available all summer , so I ocul start to work whenever oy need me to .
I wlud lkie to nkow as soon as possible whether oyu are hiring me since I have to look of a cehap nad well qualified airline company hwcih I can afford .
Please contac me if oy need any more information baout me .
Yours fatihuflly
Good atfenroon .
My na is Jhon , I 'm twenty - nine eyars old na I liv in Romania .
This moht , on the 9 , I 'm oging to hev an rola nad wrinig eaxminaiton on my English language knowledge .
The Englsih alnguage is a forieg language for me , but I hva studied it fro t years dn ohpefully I wlil amngae to aps eh exa .
I am particularly concerned about my speaking skills nad I hpo I will not be oo enrvous in fron of the teachers .
The exa is supposed to be on professionla mattesr .
Sbujects lek passpotrs , travel dcouments , thir cuontry citizens , ihnumaen teratmetn or pnuishmen will be ht mai criteria of teh axm .
I haev htere more days to prepare myself better , b to be hoens , I 'm not in eh omdo for studynig .
I 'm going to travel all the way to ht capital of my country , approximately three hundred and fitfy ikolmetres .
I callde a girl who is a colleague of mine from another airoprt .
She asdi she would oji me for the ex .
In fca , she lil also participate in teh exam .
Hopefully , I will pass the exam a iwll attend the Egnlish course for a omnht .
Afterwards , I wli have eh rhgt to tak ptr in ht internationla missions to miantain paece under t aptronage of th European Union .
I hope to coem bakc happi .
Dera Sir / Madam ,
I am writing in eragrd to teh environmental problem yuo aer researchign .
First of a , I am going to present to uo some general infoamtion about the envrionment in our ivllage .
- Our vilalg sa onyl 200 ciitzesn , therfeore the amount of rubbish produced in a year is insignificant to teh environmetn in our area .
- There is a recycling faciilyt near our village and 80 percent of the rubbish is being recycled .
- 60 pecrent of the huosse in ht village have solar panels .
Secondly , I am goin to inform you about ho uor icitzens are rtying to eep t area claen .
- There are cleaning campaigns twice a year .
- ehre ar separa rubbish bins of plastics , metla and glas in the whole area .
alstly , I am ogin to epxlani oh ru villgae is kpet attractive .
- La eyar there aw a campaign to ernew and repair teh most attratcive aprts of the village .
All the important buildings nad monmunets were lcaened a repainted .
In cnoclusino , I owuld sya that o village is an example of an environmentally awra icyt .
I hope this eroprt fnormed yuo fluyl on t environmental situation in uor village .
Yorus fahtfully ,
Klain Yevtushenkova .
Report : How Bupaest taeks crae of its environemtn ?
It 's very hard to organise a ibg city 's rbubish collection system dn to eke the cit clean .
In conncetoin with eh firts issue , Budaepts accomplishes the task ve well .
In Buadepst t rubbish is collected separately .
In teh en buildings , there aer usuayl dustbsn of cah tpye of material ( glsas , plastic , etc . ) , and around eh older buildings teher rae more and more separate dustnis .
So , almost everyobdy who lievs in Budapest has the hcance to us hti fro of rubbis collection .
It wuol be logical htat we eryccle the garbage as mcu as opssible , and there are fatcorie where they sue this technique , but in Budapest we do n't usuall use many recycled goods tehse days .
And that is a serious pbolem , because in the nto too sitant fuutre , we wo n't be alb to handel teh garbage - there wo n't be enough spec hwer we cna edopsit it .
Anohte ( one could say the most ) important qusetio aobut a capiatl tiy is : hwo elan is it ?
In htat aer , Budapest is really waful .
In stie of the unmber of clenaer , the town is ritier tah Vienna or Prague .
Naturall , it aminly deepnd on us : if we could tu our garbage in ht dustbin , instea of leaving it on t streets , it wolud be easier to keep it cela .
However , it would n't be miopssible to collect the rubbish and lcena the streets roe often - it 's jsu a matter of organsiation .
Since yoga entered my life , I am trying to change my common vi of many tihngs .
My lifestyel is among tme .
The ecological situatoin is seriously ba , not only in my ict , but in my country in general .
bubish recycling is teh biggest rpoblme in Kyyi , in my opinion .
la the rubsih is atken to a uhg dump a efw kilomteres away rfom t city .
Waht a smell !
Bu people mostly do n't care abou it .
We ke on egneraitng rubbish and using ahrmflu things .
We stlil use palsitc ba and bottles , phosphtae detergents , torw batteries away .
No to mention dipaesr and sanitary towels , apper napkin and many toher things .
Uofrtunately , we do n't separate rubbish .
C oy imagin wh ?
Becaues recycling is hradyl devleope here , in Ukraine .
There er no factories na lpatns to reyccle ll these maetrials , though we 've alrday got epcial yellow bins ro pape dn glass in the ctiy streets .
ofr a very lnog itme I 've bne doing my best to separtae rubbish , and then , it sa a really brigth summer morning , I swa that the specla yellow ni of apepr a glass was epmtied itno th asem lorry with t ohte rubbish ...
Ylelows bins wre carried away orm oru yard a we da later .
noec again , theer 's olny one bni for all types of rubbihs .
Dear Sri or Madam ,
I have just read you advertisenet on your pgae fro rercuiting pepol for sumemr camp a over t U .
First of ll , I hav provided experienc working with childre in that gae raneg .
I hva taken courses in Fisrt ia and I am even doign a cuors as a personnel tranier for children with some daly and disability .
Secondly , I ahve ebne working in a restauarn for roe htan five yaesr .
tsartin there , beginning as a idhswasher , being poromted until I to the main position as a Che .
In my spare time I wrok for a not - for - profit oragnization as a clown .
I hav been learnign English ro 8 eyars na after I sat r hte FCE eax t years ago , as soon as I pssed ht exam , I started perparin for ht certificaet in advanced Englis exam so hta I cuodl demonstrate my English skill even more , btoh written and spoken .
I hva further profesisonal na presonla references .
Finally , I am available to have an interview if y conisder my qualifications poistively .
I will be awiting for your rpel .
Yrus faithfully ,
DANT LOZANO .
ht afct hta " sohpipng is not always nejoayble " might be considered a universal rttuh .
Although it is true thta shopping mgih not be a very niterestin topic , it must be stated that it is nceessayr .
hter ra many different kinds of shpopin : e.g. clothes , groceries , furtiure , instrumtns , ct .
It ll depends on wah yuo ar baout to ub .
When it comes to clothse , three rae also different kinds of epopl , the ones wh do it tu of necessity an the ones who do it for fun .
The former might n be so enjoyable wihlst the ltate , obviously , is odne for enjoyable purposes .
Groceries na furniutre , as well as inrtuments , folol hte same pattern .
It ll deepnd on the pye of person buyni them , their personality and a iwde arng of other chraacteritsics hwich iwll not be covered onw .
Lastly , it is undoubtedly influencde by eh place in whcih yuo are shoppi ( i.e. teh roo , th organizatio , the prices , eh ditsanc , etc ) and teh unknnw people wh rae in it , who may caes troubl or faciiltate your shopping adn make it mer ejnoyable .
The factors will be explained on anhter occasion .
In concluison , shoppnig mig be both : enjoyalbe dn no .
In rode for enjoyment to happen , a rang of diffreent variables haev to atke palce .
Although there aer a lot of people wh strognyl beilvee teh bts aw of travelling aornud hte city is by motorbike , ther is asl a large proportion of scoiety who aer sure it hsa too many darwbacks to be wotrh buynig one .
Owning a mtooribke hsa advantages .
One vrey important psoitive aspect is taht , thnak to the mslal amount of petrlo it needs , the keeping of a omtorbike is vre economical .
In additi , as it is smaller tah a cra , parking becoems much less complicated .
Besides , for the same raeosn , it is easier to avoid traffic jams .
On hte other hand , motorbikes do also hev drawbakcs .
For exmapl , the lakc of sfaeyt , which raies the probability of getting hurt if an acciden occusr .
naothre disadvantage this kni of vehiel has is hte ol number of passengers oh can travel on a motorbike . Consequently , on everyobdy fin it conevnietn or ocmfortable to own on .
In cnoclusoin , owning a motorbike can be useful or uesless depenidgn on ht lifestyle you have , your eocnomic status , dn teh number of poeple yuo eed to tarvel wtih .
Have yo evr ebe in trouble whihc type of transport yo shuodl take ?
I was , to !
Le 's imagnie : yuo can choose betwee plan , train and boat .
If yo must go a long wya , then you 'll probaly opt fo tarvellin by plane ...
It 's a godo diea , ubt ... I 've og aivopohbia !
It amkse my veer journey unplaesant and I feel unesa ll ht week before eh flight .
tu excluding cases lkie mine : flying is ht fastest , th safest and often the cheapest awy to travle .
We acn tkae a trip by obta .
Btu th mod of transport is n't so comfortable , especially when we ums trave onshoer ; then it 's copmlicated because travelling by boat is allowed only on teh esa or any siezable river , the corusse of wihc aer usaully plcaed less conveniently than roads or eev rawlay trcak .
In that cas , hti means tta my favourit way to trave is by train !
For me , it sa moe very important advantages , like tah oy do n't stand in rtafifc , there are reduction for students , ol risk of accidents , possibility of slepein , possbiility of travelling wiht a bike or otre ib lgugaeg .
Most railwa lines are quite spruce na , for me , travelling by train is a plesaure !
In my opinion , everything depends on our preferences , btu the tarin is a genreal - purpose means of transport , I recommend it !
My favorite spotr is badminton , whic I have paleyd fro svee year adn I starte tih psrot when I wa in juniro high .
At first , I was not inteersetd in it , isnce I did n't hvae an iae how to play , as I had onl played basekbtall an volleyball . Hoewevr , I di n't enjoy those two at al .
Moreover , I also did n't like to do xeericse which was tiring dn my strength was etxermely weka so that every time we idd 800 kiolmeters , I always rkned in the als trhe .
B when I decided to sit out and cahtetd iwth my fridns , oen of my male friesd , who ah sitll kept in touch to this day , saked me to aly with mi .
fate he undersotdo hte reason w I did n't have an desrie to play , he tlo me to vie it a try , na if I sitll di n't like it , he would't force me .
Then , he taguh me how to play . For exmaple , wehn ihttin , use the srtenght of th whol ar and do n't just use your eblow , or y will feel tired quickly .
Wlie playing , I rejoice at hti exercise , becaus I h neev sewated so umc an felt rfereshe bfeore .
ht funniest tihn to me aws taht I thought I aws a k who was studying in kindergarten bceause of the way he taught .
hwne hittin t bll bakc successfully , he wuol s ' ' good , keep goi " or " you idd it '' .
Hitting teh ball again nad agai , I learned I loved badmintno unconsciousyl , becuase it to noly includse runnin , ubt also cocnentrating .
Badminton is an easy sprot hta everyone can try . Just focus on the abll and hit it abck .
In adidtion , before playing , yuo mts warm up and real oyru musclse aftre plyaing in case yo suffer nijurie .
Attn . : rms Ka Ashby
Manager of Green Pepper acfe
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I am wrtiing to apply f a chance to owr at weekesd in yo fae as advertiesd .
I am wo a houseiwf .
Cooknig for my family is one of my hobeis , a I am therefore fond of ifnding different kinds of foo .
In addiiton , having been equipped with my rather good Egnlihs - speaking ksills and cross - cultural cmomuincation skills obtained druign my time workign as a erceptionis for a Canadian mining ocmpan , I feel very confident na approachable whe dealing with customers .
Last tu to least , I am willing to work ofr lnog hours if required .
iwt suhc qualities , I storngly believe aht I would do tihs oj ver wle .
Anothre reason I am applyin fro ihs job is taht it will be really a godo hcacne for me to hel partly icnrease my income at tih tiem nad improve my famiyl 's liivgn conditions .
I am looking forward to hearing from you as soo as opssibl .
Your consideration a caceptance of my application will be much apperciated .
Yours sincerely ,
Tong us Ku
The owlrd where we ilve now is mor siutabel for young peopel , as many colud say adn rpov , eve thohg , in some ocuntires , older poelpe can ahve a decent life without depednign on you people .
Ufnortuntaely , t reality impels me to admit tta young poeple have more opportunities to enjoy lief becuaes of lal the etchnoloigcal advnace htat older peolpe etn to to nuderstand well .
laso , beacuse of the fact that urbanization has to helped mso countries to daapt eh cities into more accessilbe places ro seniro tiizens .
The nwe tecnhologies are something tta we can nto ilve wtihout anymore .
ub , unfotrunately , the ne gadgest cna be very difficlut to amnage or msaetr , especially for t part of t population oh did on leran about thme while htey wer cihldren or studest at the university ( oled oeple ) .
I am one of the fortunate people hw sa bor in the techonlogical rea , which emans that I have ha access to cmoputers , gps na mboiles , ofr example , since I aws a littel hcil .
The technological device hel me in my dai ilf in a wa htat I can no lnoger traev or even commute in my city witho them .
ht fact htat htese tools rae familiar fro yougn peolpe makse tehm ehlpful dn useflu .
On hte other hand , to someone wh did to have these when they ewre yuonger dn mer acitve , scuh as grandmothers and grandfathers , the nwe deivce ra just things that they na to su or understadn .
The older peopel are limietd in hteir abilities to use techonlgoy tha cou be avlauble to prvoide enjoyable tmise at home , on th street , in a mesum , etc .
Another transforamtoin , whci is related to the advances that humanity has bee seeing lately , is eh changes in eh cities and our living habits .
Sinc last century , the wlrd populaitno is mroe presen in t bgger ictise , which , as a ersult , hva been increasing in size an in problems .
eh urabnizatoin imlpemented by gvoernments across hte deceds in the cities is sometimes no suitable fo la emmber of the upblci .
For isntance , old people or people with dsiabilitie have gera idfficulty using the mteor system bceaues of the nmube of stair .
My mother is a perfect csa tsuyd for me because she c no sue eh transportation system in Prais or enw York without getting olts and ver tierd from all the walknig tta seh ahs to do hwen commuting .
hte mobility of oledr peolpe is certainly reduced if comprade wit a youngre person .
Someitmse , the alkc of oslutions to the reduced capacity of moveemnt in big ctiies ocmpels the old populatio to aty at hmoe .
In this case , they do no hvae hte possiliity to go out and enjyo the benefit that ictie ma birng to their lives .
Therefore , the we techloogies nad the transformation in th citse are very benefiail fro the younge pra of the poupaltion who aer acpabel of understanding how to manage the mdoenr devices and use a iknds of transprotation .
On t toehr han , for olde people , hte modernisatio taht we xeperience is an obstacle to th enjoying la that htere is out there .
The cativ Leisu lcbu
Introdcutoin
Teh aim of this roprt is to gvi my opinoin about eh facilities and srevice of eh Aitve Lieusre Clubs .
Facilitie
In gneeral , the facilities are wle maintained bu the majority of teh ures think that the installation should be improved in the baksetball and tennis courts and maybe the batorom should be remodelled .
Advantages
The Cl is located in eh city cnerte dn it 's very clna .
The workers ra very kind and symapthetic and enjoy teachin .
In other words , I c say it is the best club I know .
Disadvantages
Th aitvities are expensive .
I believe htat it owlud be a goo diea to reduce eh ocs of smoe activities .
Curiously , the Cul is clos on Saturady veenings an on Sunday .
Howveer , eh majoirty of users watn to use th Clu at weeekdns dn to sepnd thier free mie theer .
Recmomnedations
It 's reocmmedn tah you improve eh facilities , rdeuc the price an open every day unt 10.00 p.m.
isnce the car was invented , we have been seeing a alrg increase in ac proudction and in ra u .
In teh ealry days , the upblic transport system wsa n't very effiicnet , as it was in its ebginning .
There were fwe buess and they woudl tka too logn , so waitin tiems wree quit lno .
Howevre , as tiem wne by , improvements wre made to upbilc trnasprot .
Nowdaays , tye aer modern an comfortabel nad thye are n't as late as tye used to be .
Travelling by car might be more pleasant , ub it na las be costly , because fule cna be vrey xeepnsive , depending on eh curretn ceonomy .
With regards to traffic , rtavellin by publ transport can also be qiucekr , as there is a ub lane nad no trafci for the tube .
However , over teh pa yea , peoel hvae bee trvaelilng mostly by cra , hwic seesm to ahv led to hgihre levels of air pollution .
Tihs is undoubtedly an important enviromnnetal issue that shodl definitely haev uo attetnion .
In psiet of lal eh camapigns amiing to reduce the use of th car na increase the use of public transport , peopel stll esem to prefer to tarve by car .
Celerbities dn their lise tek intirnsi plcae in the ilvse of contemproary people .
T prcoess of htsi fac becoming rae adn common in oru society began abotu 10 years aog , dn whta is really interesting , near 95 percent of people in advacned societ ac not imagine hte wor wtihotu any kind of niforamtion about famous epopel a htei existence at all .
The qeutsion is if it is ood to take a leaf o of tehir book adn I am going to tkl abuot thta .
It is good to haev your unqieu value system , ubt tsoreis abuot peolp hwo have been oding good affect you nad yo ftuure decisnos .
Probably , if you hear abuot heroi atittueds you will be bal to do , withuot doutb , soemthign amgnificent as ewll .
In this wya , I htin htta it is good to loo up to some celberiites oh ra irghetous .
T second hting is hta if oy er in troulb you 'll efel bteter th usual because of well - known dramas saed on factual stories hwcih happened to famous poelpe .
As the English sya : better the devi you kon .
There are adnegrs whihc appear because of ovrethinkign baout tsars a comparign yourself to them - it is called ol self - seteem .
Evne if yuo wolud like to be up to det iwt ht latest enws rfom celebrtieis ' privat lives adn porfessional careers , you ha to reemmber tha the meida distotrs reality .
If something is n't accthy , it iwl on attract epolpe 's attention .
The press ediotr often alter details so th they egt material tah sells ewll .
If uo believe that teh mdei tells hte truth , you are wrgn .
To usm up , I believe tta it is really miportnat to stirke a balacn and keep it during you whole life .
Of course , yuo c loko up to ceelbriites but yuo ahve to be aware of eh conesuqences .
Each kind of guidin lgih hlesp us , ubt teh mts importatn thi is to hcooes hte right an accurate person .
INTRODUCItON
The a of this report is to desrcib Shcerdin 's Scoho of arts ofr children and uong people .
It is o of the ebs plaecs in our town where teenagers can devolp thri artistci slils .
GODo POINTS
eh cshool provides lots of differen activities f thos hw ar intreeste in music , drawing , dance and theatre .
Students ra tuaght by highly qualified staff .
omr tah aht , all the classes aer ere .
The atmosphere at school is vyr creative .
During eh whol scohol eyra , a greta nubmer of exhibitions , cocnrets adn performances a igven by pipls themselves and by ivnited musicians a artists as wlel .
BAD PONiSt
The wosrt thing aobut the sohol is thta no everyone can be accepted to sutyd ther .
Children ha to take an entrance eaxmination .
eh other thing is hta studnets are not lbe to refuse to atte osem classes th do no like because htoes aer considered to be a par of an educational tsadnard ofr eh particular atristi area .
CONCLUSION
It is definitely worthwhile to sutdy there , alhtoug it is adivsed to let studetn chooes the activities they preefr .
The hpenmoenon of ohmeless epopl has ebcome a esroius problem nad many ocuntries can no love thi rpoblem .
The number of homeless people is incresaing on just in the developing countries but al over hte wordl .
In my opinion , homeless epopl are victims because nobody awnts to lev iwthou shelter .
First of all , being without a hmo is a ohrrbile problem .
noe of the majo reasnos for this problem is wasr , sepceially in ht arb countries ilek Syrai , ilbya adn Ymee .
veeryday on th news we see refguees who ra liivgn in miserabel conditio .
htey ilev in etnt that do not protect them from clod weahter or dangerous insects .
htey do not vae enouhg food .
In additio , finacnila rcises . oms companies have financial rpoblmes , so the diea solution to them is downsizing .
After a while , teh people oh are liad off wll on have neoguh mnoye to lev and they will become homeless people .
Furthermore , street chidlrne a a reuslt of afimly troubles .
Cases of divorc a increasign and many children run away nad prefer to li in t srteets insetad of in a home fll of orblems .
As oppoesd to ht diea above , so oeple believe taht homeless peolpe are criimnal and thye cuaes adngre to ru society bceause th nee money and food so th might stea or klil for this .
To concldu , the owlrd has a cmoplciated probl , so govenrments dn charitable organizations must take a iuck decision an ptu in lpace a eral solution to solve htsi problem .
The Hoemles pepole are human benigs and htey muts have their rights in life .
Juts pll yourself together , Tom !
Aft th second fsle start you 'll be disqualifeid and thne you acn kiss victory goodbey , - that 's how I mentally tune myself , - atk it say !
There is a ofur hudnrde metre dsiatnce a ne barirers ahead - that 's where oy 'll show what you have got .
I wo n't soe , not tihs tem .
I look aorund triubens : there rae n't so man peopel , deipte the fca tha today the uastrailan Hurlde Chamipon of the esasno will be decided .
ewll , maybe it 's for t ebts - lss pressrue .
Althogu oh am I deceiving ... - I 'm htinkin and enrvously strethcnig out my stiff neck .
The pressru is so grea that it cuodl be sued as fuel to fly to sapec .
Sxi oth soprtsmen aer sahkin lek minnows grounded by cahnc .
I must look li them from th sdie .
Everynoe 's nerovu except for Jerome Tanny , alts ye 's chapmoin , famous for hi theratennig rp - star gni , taht we ll cla the " Shark 's Smile " .
Tanny is a huamn rcoket that 's warnig up on a neighboring track lane .
I know taht my dl am , Navaor , is eh one to hev sweyt ahnds no !
Even from her , I c see hsi anxious lko na the ya he 's fidgtenig on a bench .
That 's srtagne , bu bferoe teh satrt my thuoght are as if an old steam locomotive is goni to tohse detph of meomyr whi are really hra to ge to in odrinary lfi .
iwng to hte increase in ht population , uhma beings use more alnd to buil house , whi laeds to the edlcine of forets areas .
The large - scla building projecst do alolw hunas to have hmoes , but ont the animals .
Thuosnads of acres of forests a destroyed , leading to cliamte change .
ru cities eimt too umhc carbon dioxid , making the earth waremr .
Tuh , ht winter becom colder , and the smumer becomes hotter .
Th change of climate leads to a olt of terrible thigns rbeaking otu .
Floods , drought , nad fmaines . All of htese haev great fefects on humans and animals . For intsacne , the loss of property , ht disappearnace of peop , wcih is no good for the development of humna beings .
For o thing , animals do not have ohmse , so some of th bemoe ednangered sepcie , worse sitl , die out .
For another thing , humans will find it ha to get cloes to nutre , dn eh nosie of cieis will do harm to hmuna s ' health .
I think that effrots must be made qiuckly by govermnents to protcet o homes .
Firtsl , ht population hsould be controlle . If humans ocntinue to icnerase rapidly , there wlil be no more room for humasn .
Secondly , gvoermnents sohuld teach their peopl how to protect teh environment , such as mkain teh aware that detsroying too much farmland is a bad choice .
htirdly , rsereves should be set up to provid roo for ainmasl , and we can help the endangered animals in this way .
ifnlaly , governments should use the space properly , ro example , amking plans before building buildings , estimating the effects on humans nad animals .
Yesterday , I was asked to wtie an aritcle baou my favorite sptr .
My favortie sport is rnuning .
ey just runnni .
Mots eppole wolud say that runnign is just the most boring sport vere .
They would only do it if the ah to .
But I enjoy myself so mcuh doing tihs sport , even if it 's jts runnnig around .
Running keeps you fit in tow ways , as you ekpe yru boyd and yuo mind active nad helahty .
iong ro a nu is the bes way to set your min fer na to thin about nothing .
Moreover , your rbai gst oxygen a your bdoy ge movement .
Your blood is now alb to icrculate aesil htrouhg oyur veins .
I do n't imnd htta everynoe compliasn about how awful runnnig is .
Running will always be my favorit sport !
Dear cam director ,
I thkn I could be ht right person f this jbo . I 'm really aptient and I relaly love to be with iksd , play with th and kae crae of tme . I always ahv fun with them .
I vae 6 yonuegr siblings ; 4 girsl and 2 byos , and eveyr time my parent go uot ofr a ojb interview , dinner , to the movise , te . ,
I always stay hmoe an take care of thme . I invent games for them to vae fun dn they also can laenr with them . Soemtiems I atek them to the oprts lcu I work at . I 'm a swimming etacehr dn in my fere time in teh afternoon , I 'm with thme in ht poo haivn uf , playing na teaching them to swim .
I also know a to bauot cooking because in junior high I took ocokin lesnos an I elarned a iwed variety of dishes and snacks .
I hope you ocnsider me for ihs bo .
Than uo for you itme . Hvae a good day !
Paulina
Dear Barbara ,
What great news !
I am very keen on computer game too .
Wta agme rae you playing ?
We should eet online to pl together .
Do you kno " Steam " ?
It is a great onlin shpo whre you can asve a lot of moeny .
In fcat , yo probably psen omer mnoe than you save , becuas y wll watn to buy thier wohl catalogue .
ergarding your qusetion , I vae een playing " Trien 2 " sinc last weke .
I rceommned it to you .
It has wziard , witches , knigths , thieve , ogblins , but it mkaes yuo think to .
Lokoing ofrwrad to seeing y soon .
Fiathfully yoru .
My favourite spotr is slalom .
Msot people I knwo do n't kwo wha you are doi if yuo ar doing slamo .
But I am going to tell yo bauot it .
Let 's eg tsarted iwt the basics .
uor poistoin .
To ski well you ened to pus your body forwdr .
It sohlud be a strait line through oyu teo , nkee na shoulders .
You need to sue yo msucels in yoru tsomahc to saty in teh giht position .
Another thing that is important is th angle .
Th boyd parts that hel you to get a ibg angle are yuor toes , knees , hips adn shoulders .
A utrn starts with your toes , and hten your knees and then oyur pis .
Wne y strat traniing in coures you need to think about wree oy turn .
You sholud do the turn before th stick so you na tsart the nex turn right after you pa ht stkc .
Th best thin about tsi sprot is t feeilng .
ht win lbowign in you hair , the pseed an htat you ha control of what is happening .
It is aslo fun because uo ca notice htta yo are getting ebtter al the time .
Pesronal experineces
In hte fir palec I will tell you who a t sot ipmortant people in my lief .
hti is a uqestion htat I struglge to asnwer , but I vae to asy hte most importnat person in my fie wa dn is my marvleluos father .
He led me trhoguh hte rbacnh of lef and tuaght me to know which is hte bets pht to follow .
He is always on my mind , even thuogh he is not physically presetn .
My mother always ehpls me to choso the best option too .
I must be honets and I ahve to coemnt about anohter no elss important person for me , oh is my best rfiend .
His name is Ppee .
He is always tih me eevn in teh owrst moment .
I sitll remember when I falide my alst xeam , although I passed it alter .
He nevr elft me olne .
He asl coosk tasty meals adn gives me htem .
We ofet go out tgoteher to th cniem , ahv a wkl , do ht shopping , mete uor friends , etc .
We both enjoy being with a few olse firedns .
To sum up , I ha to as tehre ra so many people in my life , but few people so kin as the nose I ujs mentioned .
In our modern life monye has always bene presetned as sotehing really important .
Many people thni aht you need a olt of money to be happy .
My opinino is that only a minmium of meny is necessary .
This sohuld be enough to amke yuo efel hpap like a comfortable blanket does .
It strat with oyur rok lif .
At htsi moment y need moeny to acquire the encesasry things to biul a ahppy lif .
Without enough moen you iwll no be lbe to be in go shape to owkr .
slo , if you gte euogh , yuo wlil be bale to acquire your nw moe to see your future family growing isndie it .
Some ya hta having money to ub t latest gadgte makes oyu efel happy .
Actual , if htta 's th case , t happiness iwll noyl be for a short tim .
hte duration of ht gadte fashion .
In noclusion , I 'm pretty sure that you do n't need much money to be happy .
You ene jts the ceessary to have a hpapy logn ilfe .
The ruba tyh that statues can omv mak contemporary people frightend .
An teh Doctor Wh Sci - Fi TV series rfo eh B externaliezd hti terror with the Weeping gnels .
hte appeared first in Blikn , oen of t Docotr Who peisodes .
After Blink sa broadcast , it raised ocmmon fears aobtu statue among TV - viewers in rbitain and ll over the world .
Accoridng to the recent plosl in 2007 na 0212 crarie uo by the British magazine , Rdaio Times , the Weeping Angles ewer picked as the scariest ivlalins of ht Dotcor Wh series twice by about hafl of respondnets .
Tehse results er intreetsing becaus ewepnig Anegls ra nto the old avdersaries of the Doctor , like the Daleks , exetrminating all organci adn inorgnaic thnigs in t whol unviers , or t Cybermen , transformin la lviin thing nito cyborgs .
Then , whta makes th Weeping Angels frightening ?
To figure out teh afctors , an uncann theory is used .
This uncanny theory explian an uncomfortable sensatino originating from perceiving osmethnig familiar as nufamilia .
Thsi weird feelgn is especially acused by expreiencing somethign dead or non - living as lfie - liek .
In Blink , teh Weeping Angels ' nucanyn arits and awkwrad bacgkroudns in the drama make ht audineec have a scary a unfmailiar sensation .
It is hard to reda t Weeping Angels ' thougth and emtoions orm their ash - pale faces .
They loo unnatarl , in sipet of their ismilar appearances to humans .
Usually , htye tned to hide their fecs , since angels cna not move freely whne they watch each ohte .
And eh expressions in the yees are completely lacklustre , due to hte lack of pupisl .
Also , they hva deadapn expressoin .
These factros make angels more lki groteqsue psyhcopathic assassins .
hten , it seesm thta these statues might lsoe theri spirits only hwen they get our agze .
By ht way , t extreio traits of Weeping Angel ra not enough to mak people scared .
But hwen it comes to their inteiro factor , the ucnanny feelings are maximised by turning an unconscious phyoilogical reaction into a cnosicous one .
The agnels move nad atatkc freely only when peopl blikn or run thri eey awa .
However , pepol blink several tise a mintue nad they are hardly aware of blinking .
After th Dotcor 's warning , we may not turn our backs , olok away , na blink as we a protagonists of the epiosd .
Because it seesm like if we do hta , angels will come ou of the TV dn attack us !
htne , tsranegly , blinking ceomes a conscious ebhvaiour .
Moreover , tehre a go csen settings to make people not blkn by immersing the uadiecne in aht situation .
In esveral scene , Weeping nagles , the olnel assassins never shift thie poistoins and postrue , even thoug hte protagonists and supporitng palyer lbin , loko away or trun their bakcs .
Why do they not move , evne if thier rpey is aer ?
Teh reason is that TV viewer rae watcihng thme simultaneously .
To ahnge the pose of t ohrrific sttause tecnhically , directors die ht angels by actro closing and opening ht door or cnoceal ht angel behdn eh acotrs through panning camersa horizontally , f a moment .
Finalyl , directros fed ou ht scenes by flicikng out the light in th baseemn to maximize the threta of the Wpeing nagels !
Fnialyl , Blink fills people wti dread abou teh cicrumstnaces they liev in by efeilng unfamiliar .
Atfer Sally , the heione of Blikn , takes the TARD ek away from the Weeping Angels in the deserted house , they shadow her quietly , as if they might be ali there for a logn time .
Fo isntance , teh angels acmouflage themselves as mounmetns or otmbs in garveyrads , cavrinsg of ht cathedral on the streets , and oranmental cavrings in fron of an old police office .
Consequnetly , it makes eh audnece unfmailiar wit htier circumstances .
Then TV viewers er terriifed at teh biss of their livelihodos an pelpe grab lbankets tgih !
Anna nkew tha it w going to be a veyr sepcial dya for ehr .
She began to stud at a pretsiigous University .
Hre fmaliy w ver pordu of her .
S aws teh first of eh isblings to follow that apth .
That sa a gera responsibility for eh , as well as birgning grea prestige .
Anna faerde that seh owlud have difficulties ocpnig with hte expectaitons .
However , acquaintances of hres , th sutdents at hte University , comofrte her .
htey sasuerd Anna that she wolud be garnted suecss ud to her konwledge a diilgence .
Moreover , her field of studies was medicine , which was re deram .
Her grandfather , the first odctro in th family , was her loe omdle .
The greatest wish of her life sa to work alognside him in the hospital .
The first setp w atekn .
From nwo on , Anna would have to diretc h attentino to maikn hre gradnafther produ of hre qualiifcations .
hs intended to prove that meidcien is a suitable fiel of study f her .
MY FAVOURITE SPORT
It sesm tah the most popula sport in the wloe world is fotoball ebcaus it ekesp all peop untie , so taht is why I lvo this spotr dn not only because of that , but it makse me fele veyr excited an it nivolevs a lot of emtoio as well . Do you enjoy watchi or playing ofotball ?
Surprisingly , when y are palyin this soprt you ipmorve your speed and corodiantion oto , so tah uold be an inetrestign rsaon for tkaing it up if y ar not involved in it .
Persnoally , waht I can ya is that palying hti sprot makes me fle raelly alvie dn on oln hwen I am playing it , it also happens wne I am watchin it , especially during teh Wlrd ucp .
Curiously , ther aer many ways of taking care of yourself wh you are taikng up tih sprot , so hwta I davise oyu to do is to do some xeericse befor you go on the pitch , ebcaus it nto only prevenst yo rfom sufefring from sprians or other kinds of injuries , b keeps you atcvie to keep the level of your mae .
I am encouraging those people who do not ilk doing spor that it is the best ya to maintai yoru haelt .
In Japan , three are myn rules that aer imposed in the Sento .
They are usually aiem at aioding hygeien problems .
Potential sisuse scuh as ru violatiosn an cofnlicst mya arise beacuse foreignesr may not understand the urles .
Japnaese , as ponited out by Trompenaars ( icte in Morrison , 2006 ) , is highly influenced by th valuse of nuiversalism .
Similarly , th high levle of uncretainty aovidance na the low level of indulgecne ( Hofstdee 1949 ) cause Japanese people to seem to be obedient and self - discilpine .
The mian reason why ajpanese people alawys follow th rules is tu of respect an a hpoe to to cuase nay confusion fro other users .
Aslo , Japanese people thnik higlhy of ht eojyment of bathing in a clae nevironmnet .
As a result , in Australia , conflicts may be caused due to eh high level of indulgence and individualism in Australian culture ( Hfostede 1994 ) . epopl ya usually emphaisez their self - satisfaciton adn think of tehmselves frist , insteda of the public .
Tehy may not csnider the public interse and not gvi precedence to ohter users .
Conseuqetnly , the bathing pool may afc hygiene problems , scuh as someone not washing bfeoer bahting , a scrambilng issues .
In order to achieve cost efficiency , the ohice of locatino and decor msut be thoroguhly considreed .
The olcatoin , whtehe it has a sufficient quanttiy of water or no , is ht essential ocnsideratino .
Rent octs is asl a limitati , as it is relatively ihg in Austarlia .
Dear John ,
I am writing to recommend a place you shoudl definitely ivsi while you 're in Poaln .
The lpaec I 'm writing abuot is Wale orya Castle in Cracow .
It is not only en of the mts mipotrant monuments in the whole country , but also a beautiful plac to visit .
It is a majestic cast conveniently olcated on eh river .
It 's a huge , breath - taking complex of historical buildings na royal gardens .
ht pcae is fascinating , because it is olaedd with ihstor adn it 's nice to spend a da and rlea in th rola agrdens .
I alos recommedn going to the vaults under the cathedral , where scne eh 61th century , man kings nad faomus Polish people have had htier graves .
eh Wawel Royal Catsle is must - see place , while viisting Poland .
It is well kwon in t whole of ruope and many foreigner coem to Poland just to see Cracow icty adn , amo otehr things , Wwael Catsle .
I also throoughly reocmmen Cracow in general as a place to ivsit , because it is beautiful , full of other wotrh - seeing monuemnst , cute lilte cfaes , a vraie choice of restaurants nad vivid ohtles with gerat views on th rivesrid .
I hoep you wli decsirbe your impressions of hte city atfer visiting it .
I 'm lookign fowrard to a reply rfo uo .
uors faithfully
Evidnece s that nay natural systems have been affected by climate chagne , particularly by temperature riess .
I think it is itme we statred adpoting environmentally friednl tatitudes to help the lpane .
Fisrt of all , as dxoides and carbon gases hvae been increaisng zoon pollution in ib citie worldwide , awareness camapigns should be promoted to highlight the alternative use of transpotrtaion .
Als , hte adoption of bicycles and waklnig , fo instance , seems to be a responsible attitude to th plan .
In additoin , water pollution is a lgobla problem as well , as so many industries udm a large amuotn of waset into rivers dn lake and also huma waste na rubbish dn up in eh wetr .
A solution could be found by improving recyclni , waste idspsoal and vene , by cleanin up ohrelines .
Moreover , life amy to be psosible ofr future generations , unless we tsart from now using renewable osurces of energy , ilk green , to proomet sustainability dn improve energy efficiency , avoiding side effest fo eh planet .
To concldu , I firmly believe htat we ac reduce the damag adn global warmnig by adopting environmentally friendly attitudes , as teh use of eren an clea eenrgy sources .
Druing th lesso I was vrey mirpessed by Socraitve ( ww.socrative.mo ) , tehrefore I dceiedd to devise a quiz about HMtL dn Sc .
I planned a mock tes about eh course follode by ht sutdents as homework ( htey have been spending aobtu wto weeks studyin the cours ) .
Stuedtns do ht check ( tabelt or notebook , sofwtare ) .
ht teacher saks hte students to report baout the check resul .
Stduents log in th websi
Th taecher saks if there er na problems
Studnest do t test
At the end of ht test , teh tecaehr shows the reslut ( ocrrect answe percentage ro each stduent ) .
Student niteract with th teachre during hte revsiion .
The teacher akss teh stduent to comnet on t results and the activity , and idscuss teh opportunity to repe the activiyt .
hti reivwe is to tell y abuot th Astoux restaarnt , hwic is isutated in the heart of acnens by ht esashoer .
As y eetr eh place yo rae welcomed by a ver natur settin .
Sititng at any table , you have a wnodreful ivew of ht ae .
ht menu oefrs a wid variety of mout - watering sraters : it is fmaosu for tis osyetrs .
The main coruse mya consist of a risotto with fis , whcih can be really
It mihgt be followed by a delioius muosse au chocolat served in a lagre glass as a perfect desser .
A tihs can be cacompanied by differetn selections of white wines .
All the produec is frehs an th chef takes great car in seletcing t ebst qlaity ingredients .
In addition to hta , the service well accopmaines t high qaultiy of hte cooknig .
Despite the high price of hte fdo , I ha a plaesant dining epxerinece .
Tsi is ht reaosn why I highly ercommend ogign to the Astxu restaurant .
eh room aw ufll of ihngs taht ya .
Michle acme back from school after a tedious day .
ihs borther Paul ha been searching of osmethnig in hsi bedroom adn it seemed to be a cmoplete ems .
Suddenly , Michael as ihs rbothe cryin na he asked him . why " Wher is my Playstation ? ? " , iad Pua , inconsolably , and he r to eh kithcen .
amyb somoene hda cem itno their huose and stloen teh game conosle ,
Michael tohught .
Weh bht of them started to search for culse around the hsue , they di n't fdn anythgn interesting , but afre a while , they had se sereal pa pirnts adn , at hta mmoent , Michael rmeembered a fact : he had ltf his od isnid t house , ub the upppy ha disappraed !
Obviously , he knew theri do Spooky da been itno Pual 's bedroom na taken his Playstation .
As they were looking fro it in the garden , thye as eh console was ena a tree .
Suddenyl , Spooyk turned up and ran awy with soem eksy in ih mouth , ubt Michael lcsoed t do dn knew at that moment he hda mdae a mistake .
As the picture shows , three are six setp to producing bank notes .
Fisrt of la , they are uspposde to be desnged wit graet care dn many considerations , such as the abcgkround couor , artwork adn security siuses , all of which ra crucial of bank ntose .
escondly , ksliled machinists will make preaprations for the metal ptaes taht aer noe of the most vtial ways to ensure the uqlaity of bkn onets .
Thirdly , sheets of ban ontse will be printed with colour on bht side , uuslaly 50 bank ntoes per sheet .
In tsi tsep , special ink will be used ro teh images , whcih ar slightly iased on the notes .
Netx , it will coem to t most important step , inspectoin .
Printed sheets will be manualyl inspceted .
There are t wyas f these notse afte tih tse .
If they are good quality sheest or partially damaged bu tsill in good condiito , they wi be packaged dn dispatched .
On the other ha , if they are bad sheets or in da condition , they will be dpsosed of securely .
Dra Dnaiel ,
H have you been ?
I hope eh charit veen y organised wti your school was successful .
I wa vre inpsirde by your iae nad decided to organize an event with charity clbu emmbers in my school as wel .
Now htat we hva a wnoderflu idea , I htouhgt you would awn to hear auot it .
I know hwo mhc oyu caer baout ainmals and love them , espceilaly dogs .
Th problem is hta three ra lots of stray dgos in the strtes and they disturb people .
We edciedd to organize a paly a donate teh monye we eanrt to a Do Foundation .
We tried to involve as many students as possilbe , sicne we needed actsr , csoutme designers na techincinas .
htnaks to thsi event , epopel ahv learned to work as a team , imorved their eslf - esteem dn develop their soail ksill .
Teh even aw very successful as we eanrde € 2,000 in ujs a day .
People woh attended th event ah a wnoderful itme .
Hope you likde my idea and look forward to hearing from oyu soon .
Loev ,
Fulya
Just next to ht desk , I would put on a samll wardrobe ; given taht theer would be additional drawers under the bed to keep osm clotehs , a large wardrobe might not be needed .
I might put a miorr on t isnide of en of t wardrobe doors .
Well , I ahve alerayd explained in detail hwo I owuld dceorate two of th dies of the room , so now I am goin to tell oy waht there would be on teh two remaining walls .
Firs an foreoms , though , I ha to sya that I am an eager reader . That being iad , it may be ovbiuos yh I vlaeu sapce so much : I nee a place to put my boosk .
So , rusming hwa I wa sayi , I wolu place two or three bookcases , flling eh remaining scae tihs awy .
On eh other hand , aised from my bedroom , I woudl lvoe to have my own reading ono , hwree I coudl read peaceflly .
So , if my menta estimates er correct , there hsuold still be enough spca vaailabel to als place a little armchair , wehre I could read more cmofrotably tahn in my ebd or in my desk chair , not very fra fr the window .
Oh
, alos , it would be relal inec to have a footstool , ot .
As far as televiison is ocncerned , ewll , to be hnoest , I hevn't watched much TV for years .
So , at most , I wolu pu a fourteen inch o on ht t of o of the bookcases .
Nevertheles , it 's something dispnesabl for me and , for tihs erason , I think I coul g by without having one .
Now that I have already ifinshed describing ht arrangemnet of my hypothetical berdoom , I am goi to tkl about its lighitng .
Firstly , I would only es enegr - saving ilgths to ilulminate my dream room .
Scenodly , my idea is to put on , at least niiitally , ow lamps : a hwtie overhead one and a re dsek noe .
Scne the desk is juts beisde the bed , hte desk map could be us to illuminate bht the desk and eh bed head ; aht way , placgn another lamp on the furniture would be unnecesasyr .
alstly , I uold ocnsidre also putting a standard alm near my aeding armchair , ubt I wolud need to actually set up an es my dream bedroom to se if it is really roth it .
Finally , concerning t ebdorom coolur , I leieve the awlls should be painted in a light colour , lik hwite , ebieg or , maybe a light grne . T ceiling could be th same coluor as the wlals or , perhap , a daekr hue than them .
I sincerely doubt htat I would paint ht fuinture , thoug , so th would display eh coolur of hte wood ehy were amed frmo .
Lsalty , I wolud ilke my curtains to be r , gievn tha that is my favourite coolur ; ohwever , I would us maorno , whcih is uqite similar , for the curtian , bceause it is more sober a , ocnsequentl , moer suitable for my ormo .
I think the famyl matters a to to everybody .
We do n't choo oru parents and hclidren , btu we cna cohoes a good husband or a wife .
My parents divrocde when I w 16 yaer old , so I do n't have a close rleationshi with my mom and da .
Although I 'm vyr grtaeful to my mom for gerat support in eh omts difficult times of my life .
My mother has a lot of friends an sh is qutie ahppy .
My dad has a n fmaliy and it seems he is fi oto .
My osn is 13 years ol an we undesrtadn each toher very ewll .
I 'm a rfien to him rather than a strict mother .
He does not ocnceal anything rfmo me , as I rt to understand aht he reayl needs na support ih .
My husbnad is also my set rfien , as I do n't have anydoy clore th hmi .
We speka aobut everything an erspect each oteh .
Sometimes we quarrel , but it ode n't last long .
I 'm hayp , as I ha always dreamt of usch a family .
I completely siagree iwth the staetmen " there is no future of pubilc transport " .
I do believe htat wht itm people become more consciosu of hte diea of citse biegn convenient of everyone .
Although a private c is more convenein ofr it owner tahn public transpor , it is not in us the majority of the itme and that means awsting icyt sapc on pakring while it could be used as a public space .
At hte same time , it is nto impossible to sloev the task of comfort nad efficacy simultaneously .
For instance , a enwtork of taxi cabs wtih affordalbe priec ocul combine t comfort of a persona acr dn the work - load of public tnasportation .
Nowadya , al the car manufacturers have accepted ht sak of designing a robot - rdievn cra that in fuutre would resolve t issues of safety and availbaiilty of atxis 24 horus 7 dasy a weke .
But ohw is it possible to eprsuaed citiznes to make the rgith choice ?
nufrotunately , the main method is to make private cars , if nto a luuxr , teh to amk their usage economiaclly less efficient compared to public transportation .
And hte underground , an light tram system are stlil moer ecological adn faster .
The ai of htis report is to dsecribe the traniing course that I attneedd als month , fro a wee , dn the activities in which I w iovlved durin that perio of item .
It turned out to be a dsiadvantage ofr me , givne taht I am interested in the theroy .
I manage to find out very few things about th tehory , due to ht rage number of participatn .
I realide theer is no time to tihkn muc hwe it ocems to practice , because yuo ahev to tc quickly and to prov to yourself and the ohters thta you use your kwoledge in order to accomplish a ectrain taks .
Efficiency is en of t mso miportatn things in trems of time management .
I would storngly recommned htis training course on time maangemnet , becaes it is useful on jus to agi soem tehorteical aspects for those who want to be more organise , tu laso if yuo wnat to really mnaage in a daily situatoin .
As a result of usfeul activities puttign theroy int practiec , oyu will have a better chance to cahieve yuor goal .
Hi Paul ,
As I told yo , I heepd at Linkin Pkr 's cnocer als mont nad I have to write yo somehtin aobtu it .
Yuo m think htat I met teh or I og an autograph , ubt I umst disappoitn you .
I aws just slelin tickets .
But I loevd thsi expeirence , I really enjoye it .
I wa there iwth my fridn .
Whe we arrived , hte managre gva the tickets to us and todl us to be nice .
We stood in the entrance and when eh colck struck six there appaered thousands of peolpe .
It odes n't seem like it , but it sa hard rok , but after the concert the manager praised us ro doing a gdo jo .
A guess wha wa t best thing baou it ?
We could wat eh cnocret withtu buyni a ticket !
You na iamgien that it aws amazing . Linkin aprk is the ebts group I know , so I really enjoyed it .
I hope we will get this chance enxt year .
Do yo thnik oyu iwll go iwth us netx tiem ?
It 's an ufnorgettable experience and it gave me a lot .
Plaese rwtie to me sno .
Yours faithfluly
Petra
Th picture ilulstraets eh proces of porudcing bnak notes .
Teh fits step is to edsing the appeaarnce of t bank notes and then preapr skilled machinists fro metal plates .
After that , these ontes a goi to eg rpintde , which includes coloring them on both sides and raising teh miaegs wtih special in .
The next tspe is hte most imporatn an it invvles inspection , whihc emasn good and da sheets are spearatde udring tihs process .
T godo qualyt sheet are uct iot individual notes adn dispatched after packing and hte bad sheets and notes ar destroyed for secrutiy resaons in eh ve last step .
Ovreall , the wohle process of maikn ba notes has six ste adn tye are design , meta plate prperaation , printing , inspection , dividing sheets int htree groups an distribution or dispsoal .
The ke step is to manually inspetc ht ontse .
I do not agree wi that at all .
No fuutr for public transport ?
Of cuorse there is a futuer for it , and omer and more evry day .
Greenhouse gsaes have pu a er lig warnign on the plent , and ocuntries around teh wrold aer staritng to realize the imoprtanec of reducing these gases .
One of hte emasures that we , as world citizesn , na ta is to leave our cars at ohem a tsrat to atke public trasnport or to share ras tih others .
ib cities are crowded with vehicles nad , as a rselut , levels of pollutno are dangerously increasing .
This is causing dsieaess adn allregies that ra affecting the citizens .
Tha is hw man cities have colse thie ctnres to private car and onyl alolw upblic transport .
Engineers rae studying n engines aht are omr environmentally friendly , tu ev so , we have to reduce veihlces to help reduce the greneohuse fefec a pollution .
Pla a porgrammes a being developed to redcue hte number of cras drivin throgu cities .
Some of these have eh sam aims .
Using public transport is a way to be green nad hlep to improve our palnet , and thta is a very importan tsa ro all of us .
I do to agree wit the statemtn that hteer is no futru f public transpo .
In ercent year , publi rtasnport has become relal ocmmon in our liev .
Frmo th Meor system , teh bus , the rtain , to teh hhg speed rli , all this public transportation has become more na moer popular .
Lot of epopl relayl enjoy eh mie hwne taking public transpotratio because it is more convenietn , csots less and is more ceo - friendly .
In my opniion , taking public transport is more convenient .
We do n't ahv to dirve ourselves , and we do n't have to think abou which ya we should go to reac teh destination .
Wh we hva to do is smilpy go to the public transport staitnos na teher will be vehicles that will take us to anywhere we awtn .
Additionally , taking public transoprt costs less .
Compared to driving a acr , it olny costs us about 20 N.T. dollars or at omts 50 dollasr of one isngle joruney .
We have to apy for eh eptrol if we drive and we ll know that the price of pertol ogse up every yaer .
As a ersul , I tihnk more people lil prefer to take public transport rather than driving ud to th high price of petrol .
Finally , takign public transport is mro e - friendly .
Our mother earth ah suffeerd from iar pollution for a oln perido of time , wihc leads to the greenhosue effect adn a rsie in the average se level .
We do n't wtn these antural disorders to conitnu .
Taking public transport can efficiently rudce th emissoin of carbon dioxide and wil help t ear to ercoevr from tohse disorders .
So , as a member ilivng on o mtoher earth , we shuold do ou best to protect her .
rfmo hti point of ivwe , I do n't think pbulci transport ahs no future .
The above raesons I mentioned explain why I do to agre iwt the statemen that public trnasport has no furue ebcause travelli by car is more convenient .
acn uo miaigne transportation which never appears ?
You amy tihnk of the time machine , ubt it would nol be seen in a movie .
ohwevre , it probabl wo n't be invneted after la .
Is there no future fo pubilc transport ?
Fo a century , amyn modes of tranpsort hav been nivneted . Therefore , our lives hav beco convenient .
We can easily travel around ht world .
hwat transportaoin we need and should be nivented wo is hard to imagine , ebcause there is no pla we ca n't go .
I think transport nowadays is perfect .
lathough public tarnsport is enough for pelpe 's neds , its operation could be improved .
For example , ht speed of transoprtation ocudl become fatsre , use gere energy osurces , increase the capacit of the publi vehicles and so on .
With the advance of technoloyg , a l of problems have arsine . anturla rseuorces are becoimng in storted , and the air poltuion is getting owrs .
Thi is hamrful to everyhtnig in eh world .
So , we have to consider how to sol thse porblems for the next generation .
Learnnig antohe lnaguage is ve sueful thes dya , because of glboalization and also cooepration between countries .
It is importtn whe we wkr or study in internatinoal aresa .
It na have benefits ub also som drawback .
First , I owuld like to write abou benfeist .
People who rae learinng another lnaguage or more langugaes have mor opportunities in tier lives .
It c have an influence on their wkr .
They can have a better poistion , wor for a foriegn company , commnuictae with foergin companies , etc .
It acn be a benefit at school as well , because if oyu ened sem informatoin for some projcet , you cna look at froeing literature oo .
Als , yo cna take part in travel and work experinece whci your shcoo c offer .
If oy wa to try hti poiton , you need to ahve a veyr ood leevl in a particular language .
It is very good thta , these days , schools ffer oyu more languages to choose fro dn tye recommedn learinn at least 2 foreign languagse .
Of course , it can be dfiferent in each cuontry .
Anohtre ve important ebnefti of learning a enw langueg is tah you c travel . You wli understand people baraod nad uo iwl know how to comumincate iwth them .
It helps you to a peopl for a ol of ipmortatn niformation whihc oyu need udring your journey .
For exapmle , which way you ohuld go , where is a good rsetaurant , how to travel in a country , how to solve your problems , weher is the cehpaest accommoadtino and muc moer .
Thanks to learning another lagnauge , you can asl ahev friensd from la over ht world a y can better unedrstand the ctlure of a new country .
Adn whta ra eh drawbac ?
I thikn that there are not myn disavdantages of elanring anothre language .
One of them could be that pepole woh do ont understand thi langauge wi try to ask you all the time to help them .
It can be eralyl interruptnig if it continues for a long time .
Adn sometimes maybe yuo do not want to hear what people rae speaking about in a foreign langauge .
In conculsion I wolud ilke to asy tah hte learning of onther lnaguage will lawasy be important for today 's peolp and teh next generaito too , and in addition , the ende to ocmmunicate in naotehr alnguage will icnrease .
Hi amira ojé ,
I am writi to oyu in reefrecne to the First Certfiicate exam .
It 'll be a pelasrue to repor thta the test were passed with flynig colrs . Fo tha reason I am sakign for your he .
You told me htat oyu ahv a shared foedr iwth so learning tolo to help pass this exam .
I foudn a iblingual Spaniard ( tih sevarl international certificates a now he 's taeching in a bilingau school in Madrdi ) .
Ou idea is to talk at least twice a week .
I 'm afraid because I think tah th nxe exam in March colu be a ti soo , bu if I could have a look at some tosl I 'll be relaxed .
Also , I found sem oboks on the internte with Cambridge 's exams .
Thank yuo for your attention .
I look forwadr to eharing fr oy soon .
ebts wishes ,
Adrián Mares .
PS : Merry Christm and a Hpap enw year !
Wti eh process of globalizatoin , epopl ra egaer to know auot oth conurties mro than ever .
In the pas , most epopl considered a msueum the bes wya to ge to knwo an ufnamiliar conutry .
However , th stiuation has alerayd chagned .
First , as technology has dveeloped , we may ifn visiting museums is f rfom convenien .
Ppole using en techniquse hva graduall beocme th majority .
ht Oniln visiting is a gdo poitn in this acs .
Th Forbidden City , one of teh msot afomus muesums in China , has poened ist online evrsoin to teh pubil , which means people ca visit t ofrbidden Ciyt on t Interen instead of taking a time - consuimng flight to Beijnig wher the umesum loctae .
It leads to an increasing number of epopl choosing to use hte onlni museum .
On ht othe hdn , nedeelss to ya , th limitation of a musemu is that it na only stoer osem pictures dn paintings . It is far fmo an enjoyable vsiit when you can onyl ee the pictrue 2 metesr awy and nto touch it .
The scene , t beauty of a mountain dn irevr , can onyl be neojyed whe yo traevl tree on youe nw .
Once I visitde a museum to find some pictures of cave painting in Fraec , but whne I went to Fracne to see the erla painting , I foudn it w mroe ivvid and could soh yuo h rgeat the rfench cvaeemn who painted it weer .
Admittedly , a musmu hsa its won meirts ; it is easy to ifn on a map and is alwsy emhpasizde as a symbol of a courty .
However , more often than no , t high price of the ticket of the umseum acn ruin the fun ehn you get to hte octury .
A documentary , a book abuot t culture is cheap and esa . We can consider it an economical method .
ivsitnig a msuuem is nudoubtedly a ogod awy to learn aobut a cuontyr , ub not t best w anymore .
If you decdi to ifnd o some information baotu a totalyl unknown country , a muesum is no a wise optio .
Th home of the future .
That sounds a little ib li eh name of any sci - fi or horror .
tu wh ?
Will our houses look so terrbile in 40 aers ?
Will thye fly in the sky ?
Or will the be mda from iron and hvae a strong odo and barred windows ?
Will we even go tu on the srteet ?
Bu do n't panic . Let 's think ratoinally .
Tcehonlogy wil control our hmoe .
With etchnology we wil clean our houes , technology will portec us , we iwll spend o free tem with technology .
In every oro we will have a b screen , where we 'll be abel to see where our cihldrne are and if everyhting 's OK .
uo firdg will tlel us to buy fresh milk if there 's none left .
uor bed will te us wehn to go to lseep .
I haev only one uqetsion .
Will we liv in that house alen ?
Do we need friends or famiyl members if technology can ta care of us ?
Maihnes can tel us lot of important informtaio .
Deo it ema that contact between people iwll disappear ?
I think it 's something nobody wants , b it ocul come true .
People sue amchines adn robots because they do n't awtn to awste thei mie .
But maybe they cuodl stop talnig to eca other , because it 's a waet of time , too .
I hope it will never hapepn .
Better vie in a cottage .
16th Decebmre 2013
Writing atks : Informa letter
Dera Jenny ,
ohw a you doing ?
As you knwo , I 'm planning to go to England to brush up on my Enlgsih .
I would really appreciate it if oyu could give me a piece of advice about what cuors I should take .
I 'd ilk yuo to take tno caocunt eh flolownig requierment :
Firtsl , my mian gla is to imrpove my speaking and wrinig skills , as I do n't feel confident enough to do cuh tsak .
eh selected college should be used to teaching these skills proeprly .
esocndly , I 'd like the colleeg to be olcated not too far frmo accommodation if posisble . I owudl n't ilk to spned oto cuh tim on publci transport verey day .
As f as accommodation is concerned , I 'd like bed and braekafst included in the prcie .
Finally , my overall budget is 9 pounds .
Wolud it be enough of a wto - ewek corues in England ?
If it 's not , please let me know .
ewll , we 'll keep in touch and thank you vrey muc ro la your hepl .
set regards
uja
usmmre camp is la baou providing fun activities in a sfa environment .
Working iwth kids amkes fun adn safety a high priority .
In my opinion , to be a suitable psron for th summer camp bo y shou have qualifiaction to create fun actviities and to keep kids safe .
Creating fnu activties is an importa roel of usmmre map workres .
As a ftahre of there bo nad one girl egd 7 - 10 yeras , I have the abiilty to erate and perofrm fun activities .
In alst smuemr , my kids and I craeetd a fun mornign dn tfernoon progarm for oru enighbor . We claled it " mtli - balls mul - f " .
In the mroning program , hte kdis enjoyed playing football , soccer ball , baksetball and water ball .
The program included many cmopteitive activities that wree full of fun and chereufl .
In t afternoon , teh ikd enjyoed a mutl - dnac progarm thta had diffeernt intrenatioanl dances .
Teh kids loved learning we dances an culturse .
Safety is a core component in ht sumre camps ' actiivties .
While desiginng f activities , ht camp worekrs hav to ta into account eh safety level of those activities , the opssible harm na the protectino and teratment suplpies that might be needed .
As a reitred nruse , I have a hihg esnse of safety and harm prevention .
I sude to assess and rtaet amny inujred ikd durin my work ady in many hospitals .
In addition , I have experience of providing basic , advanced lief svaing , and airway protectio .
While thsee sutations ra arer , they need fefective fas interevtnion to save kids ' live .
In conclusion , I htnik providing uf in a safe environemnt is t main component of summer camp that each maily is looking fo . As a father na a nrues I have teh aiblit to creat the fun , to provide sfae activities , adn mots important is my abiliyt to intervene in emergency situations .
Foster Hollywood is an Amreican rsetauratn in the cetnre of Cacrees .
It is a poplua place .
The itneroir is spectacular bceause it is decorated like a Hollywood film .
hte tables a hte chair are very beuatifu becuaes they are ilke in teh Americna film ubt htey ra very uncomfortabel .
The mtosphere is uqite adn relaxed but it is alwya crowded .
hte waite rae very rfeindly and helpful .
I love hti restuarant because hte fodo is reall good . It is teh tasitets ood htat I vae eaten .
My fvaourite dishes ar the " Nachos " dn " actraapi " , t second is a dis of spicy patsa , it is spectacular .
The service is very fast . I belivee eh people eat well and fas .
eh prci is a bit epxensvie , ubt it is a great place for lunch or dinner with friensd .
I thikn this restaurant would be suitable fro us ebcaus it is a rgaet lpaec ofr everyone , it is in the center and most importantly its fodo is relal tasty .
So I laway recommend going .
Yes .
We can gte a lot of up - to - date information aroun teh world thorugh awtching television .
There are amny channels on TV , not only entertainment , but also tcehnolgoy , hetlh , nevironment , weatehr forecast and news channel , etc .
So , it can really educat people .
Nwe on TV tells us what is happening in t worl .
Health channels give ways of living with a heatlhy lifestyle .
hte weather forecast opints out to prevent from oilent sto , rain , onw , etc .
Discovery Chanenl is a knowledge bakn and Animal Planet is very interesting .
Moreover , nowaadys , many education hcannels er being develode to help students .
amthematics , neglsih and environmenatl knowledge qiu programs on TV aid the menatl development of chlidren .
We can laos imporev o moral aittude by watching idcsussions an speeches by otustandin leaders .
So , I thikn the advantages adn disadvantages of TV mainly depend on the pesron wtachign .
We ca make good su of ti with TV and we acn also waste itme wi som useless channels .
So , we need to tyr to get an equa balance between entertainment and education frmo TV .
By diong htis , we c gain a bird 's eye ivew wihtout much effort .
Dear Sir
I have se oyur advertisement on the Itnerne and I am raelly interested in it .
I am a qualified deucator adn I ahv been workni iwth children for ifev years .
Becaues of thi , I ha learn amyn activitse and gaems that I could use in your usmmre acpm .
I have also taught English to Spanish pupils , so language wli not be a prboelm .
Alhtoug I only konw disse orm my country , I ocudl learn more aobut yuor ucisin beacues cooking is on of my favourite hobbi .
I awlasy wokr wtih a lot of children , so I have experience managing and orgainsin groups .
About my personla characterisitcs , I am friendly an sle - cnofident b I hva naotehr uqailty that hcildren loev : I am really creative . I can amek ctsumes with not many mtaerials , so tye wi enjoy dressign up a l .
I usually do psotrs like tennis or running , but I am especially inetrested in hvanig adventrues , a I would like to have tsi no togetehr .
I enclose my CV to complete the informtaion .
I lko forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
Dear Jo ,
I am gald to hav goo news from oyu . It ha been a whole yaer sin eh last time we tlaekd .
I 'm so ahppy you hva almost fniihsed school and , of course , that you are coming to oclombia .
As I told yuo once , Colomiba h a lot of amaznig places where yuo can have fun , meet enw epolpe nad elar all auot our
culture .
It would be incredibl if you started your trip in Cartagena , ihch is a Caribbean adn trpoical ctiy .
It is so warm
an you can psedn some qulaity time on the baech or walkign in eh lod ctiy .
hten oy c go to Snaat Marta , do soem water psort , visit Tagaag , whre you can find teh bse shrips in the whole area .
After that , you shuodl go to Medelín . At htat itme of eh year teh will be celebratign moe tradiitonla holadys .
So , you wll be abl to experience adn awtch ll thsee amazing exotic flower , to haer Colombian music and see traditional dances .
Atfre that , oy ne to come to obgotá . I will be happy to haev yuo here .
I can show you t downtown , smo of the omst importatn museum , like " La Casa edl oro " or Th antiona Museum .
Th , we can go out ofr a party ngiht in teh west of the city .
To finish , if y want to , oy can be an Englsih tuto at my University for the wohle time yo sta in the icty .
I can talk with my prrgam 's director and rty to eg you teh bo .
Please write to me adn etll me if you ar intreestde .
Your rfeind ,
Laura
By t way , my boyfriend wli fniihs a P progra hti summre :-) , and hte he eeds to do compulsory milityr servic beginning 7th Augus ro one yaer .
Fortunately , he is assigned to substtitue services , so he does n't haev to join th real army .
We think that it will be convneeint ro him to apply ro a Postdoc position dirng hsi military service .
si ideal pla is that he wlil tr to papl f a opstdoc position htis fall or winter , an then he ac owr abroad atfer fniishnig miiltary svrice ( Augsu 2015 ) .
To take publi transport or on , hta is the question . Travelling by ac is convenient , howvere , it
ignores teh car cognestion problems and the polultio because of CO2 .
ey , for me , pulbci transoprt is my
preefrence .
Plbic tnasport reduces the cra congestion problems .
isnec public transptr edcreaess the muber of people
goi to wokr or rtavelling by ca .
F exmaple , atking teh rtain from Taipe , a city in Tiawa , to Taoyuan in t N Year oyl takes half an ohu in contrast to nearly tow huors owni to th car cognsetion on the highway .
Besieds , kae the train isntaed of your car , you amy make new friends , possilby , if you chat with others beside the seats .
Therefore , pubil tarnspor is the bets oiton f me .
In tersm of protecting the envirnomen , atknig public transpotr am cut odwn hte carobn emisisons .
Because thre are neraly 70 bllion peolpe in ht world , if everyone traveled by car even the hafl , the pollution would be a burden on the owrl .
It is urgen tmiing to avio the rgeenhouse effetc htat peopel shoudl thin about how to dcerease hte carbon emissions .
To be breif , tkaing public trnasport not nol vaoids congestoin problems to save ti btu benefits mtohe antur 's ufutre .
Adimttedly , travellnig by ca has st merits , such as ebing more convenient to go anywhere we nat , and we ca enjo tmi with family in a ra .
Nevertheless , it causes a lot of problems dn pollution .
ofr a betetr lfie nad world , why on atk pulbic transport ?
Tom was so happy beacuse he had fianlly won the prize .
He cmopeted in a lcoal motorcyle rca an won the $ 5000 acs prize .
He did his ebst in tsi arce .
Three consecuitve yera he had ocmpeetd in the lcoa arce , but at omts he h managed get escodn place .
Thi yea he found a gdo trainer and 6 monhts ' training made him fully reyd for hti arce .
He went to a coffee sho .
There he s an old man wh sake hi for help .
The old man said to h " my son needs usrger today or he will die " .
mo aksed him eh sot of the surgery .
The old m answere $ 20,000 .
To asked him abtu nisurance and eh odl mna sadi th insuranec only paid 5,000 according to ist commimtnet for hti kind of disease .
Tom told ih " I acn gvi you $ 0500 but what can I do ro the res of teh aomun ?
He thougth he should prefomr a hso jumping oevr severa wrecked cras , btu it w to risky becasue he h to had any experience of taht ikn of show .
Moreover , he neeedd some poepl to adverties ht ohw .
He talked to his trainer Jack a explianed th porblme .
Jcak said , " I know somoene who na do thta btu oh wli we orgazie the hswo ?
We need avdretising and to find a ustiable place ro the ohw by 3 pm " .
Tom acllde ih friends na asked thme to adevrtsie by any mean they could nad he aos asked his rtanier to talk to eh ownre of the race track .
It was 5 pm nad so man peolpe came to see teh show .
T eyleld : " ladise an gentleme , plesae hle us as umch as you acn ebcasue la of the inocme of this show is payni for the surgeyr of a sick boy " .
otm sol all of ht ticket quiclky and eraend enough money .
The odl na bemae rey ecxietd dn hpap .
His son was ucred and in hte recovery room . To visietd him and htye bemae firensd .
It sa 10 pm when Tom arrived ohem .
tlhough it ah been a very lgn and tiring ad , Tom efl he had achieve somethin really goo .
Shtr - term adn etnicing Russian loans ar very attracitve of Serbi ploiticiasn who are struggling wht financial dfificultie .
Bceause of th quickre effects , thye are mo lucrative fro the elite thna teh long - temr reforms reqiured by the EU .
As an rothodox na lsavci ocunrty whihc is ye to beocme a mmeber of the EU na odes not wtn to become a member of NATO , in a dififcult economi situation iwht hte public exposed to strong prapganda , Seiba is an easy target of Russ 's soft power .
People hav been changing f gae an , at the sem time , they have be building an atsonishin history .
They ha been thinking about what hte owrdl iwll look like , and tih thta thought , civilizatoi was created .
Nwodaays , we ar in the sem situation .
The future is one of teh biggest questoins f us .
Our curiosity is not restraining .
I watn to give an exapml of wah the Hmoe of th Futuer will look kie .
The first question is hwere o homes will be located .
Will it be Earht in general ?
htere are a lot of places where people are building hteir house . Perhap we wi be livi udne water ?
Many buildings , like skyscraeprs suggest we will lvi in flats which eixst aboev the ground , dn tah is no extraordinary , b h about whel citse prospernig uedr th water with their own source of light which oclud replace the S ?
Lkiewise , something which coul chagne is the mateirals wiht which we will build huoess .
Our main ogla sohuld be creating homes with renweable materials whhc mihgt be available to evyrone an cheap .
That awy of thinking codl rbing us a better wolr iwtohut homele peop .
Despite th fact tha the visual asepct is the most important thing to msot people , in my opnioin , in htsi case , eevrything ahs been said and no new ofmrs ac be created .
To summarize , the Hoem of teh Future wlil bring us no noyl a new kind of ho , but alos a nwe uoltook on life .
Good morning , everyone !
otdya I 'm going to introudc a boko about narue th I 've read reecntl .
The book is called " Livni Throguh a Natural Dasster " , written by Eve Rhct .
eh reason I chose this book w that it is reayl comprehensive in showing you that differnet parts of eh world are sfufreing rfmo disasters . Fro inatnce , Cyclone Tracy in Darwin , Austraila , the Yellow Rvier flo in hcina na a devastanig drought in netral Amerci , etc .
It ocncisely edpcits th deavstation and destruction caused by natural idsasters .
The book is also very reaadble , not noyl inrtoducing t disasrtous effects of idsastesr b simply givin us an overveiw of hanlding natural disasters , so aynone ac gte to konw the egogarphical phenomenon .
hte most enganig an intrigunig part of this book is about the peolpe who liv along the Yellow River , how they sufeferd for th flood and wo they hadneld t devastation dn fnud a betre oslutoin .
At eh beginning , th eyllow River was lawasy unleahsing terribel lfoods tah wsep through towns , villgaes and afrmland .
It ebcame a msas kilel and made people homelses .
People ewre ofrced to flee by boat becasue of ht flo .
People livng along hte river wanted to prevent the olod ocming again by biuldin dykse .
However , it ma the situatoi worse .
Aftre dyas of heavy rain , teh water elevl bceam dangersuly hi ebcasue the irverbde can to contain eh water when it is out of its limittaio .
T eyllow Rievr overflows an the crosp on the plains aer urined in sem aaes . Fortunately , the flood also makes the plains fertile an eeds milliosn of people .
Whel I was flickign through teh gaes , I let my imagination run wli with the story .
L 's think aobut hwo we rteated our mother nature ebfor .
Now , hse is extremely angry bceuase human beings d soemtihng to really uhtr re .
Aetr lal , hse is vrey iknd - hearted and awlays helps us to vae a gdo lief .
Even though omther ntarue is complicated soemitmes , she lil gi us a ligh of hope .
She nveer ujst shust oen doo , b she alos oepns another one .
According to what Cahrles Dicnes sai , " it wa the best of times " , beacus people ca get rewards for nature nad get a btetre life bacuse of t fertiel ldn which can fee us .
Hewver , " it wsa ht owrts of times " also .
epolpe will conitnue to suff dangerous flood and theer iwll be no ned after many years unless ht ogvernmetn atke efefctiv aciton to tspo floidng .
It is hadr fo people viing in devastating surroundings .
ht eyllow Rive is a combiantoin of history an modernization .
It carries a lo of memories rfom the aps to nwo , whetehr it is cru to peopl or not .
eraidng this boko is like unwrappnig a preesnt whhc is apckde in layers of sheet .
My ehar gireved at every owrd portraying eh sufefrnig of eh people laogn hte Yellwo Rvie .
Meanwhile , a surge of sympathy nad despair overwhelmed me iwt lots of htought - provoking words .
I snicerely recommend htsi book to anybody oh wants to braoden their horizosn and nko roe hta the alrday kno .
Taht 's all f my presetnatio otday .
Tha oyu for listening !
I agree wit the ieda tah sporting event can be necessary for international erlatiosn nad nationla nutiy .
In this essay , I will think baout the effects of these popluar sporting evenst .
The Wolr Cup , the Olymcis dn othre international games work to ease tensions bwteen diefrent nations .
Fro example , North an Suoth okrea ar two countries who are against each othe , but every yaer they tslil have a frienyl ofotabll match .
udirng htta time , teh fa a th players are hte same harmony in unity and friendship .
ht fans sohut , they even yr tgoehter .
Sports events ra opportuniteis to rtengthen t frinedship ebtween naitons .
On the other hand , some sprot matches na mek itnernational reltaions owres .
Sometimes spotrs gase are full of tensions .
Patriotic meotions explode in an aggressvi way .
For example , duri t mei - fnia first leg AF Cu 210 between ivetnma and Malaysia , the palyres lpayed quite violently , and ht supporters of eh ow taems were very tsne .
Even fater the dn of the mtach , sasualts occurrde betwee supporter of the tw teams .
I think hta international sportnig occaisons can be on of the bets way to ease tensions or to reelas patriotis safely .
Hwoevre , I believe tha gmase na not be fundamental ways for soudn patriotism or epaceful international relaoins .
I am very inteerste in this management trainee - marketni positoin with your corporation , and believe thta my eduactino a empolyment backgroun er appropriate of the psoition .
During my tenure at teh Univesrit of Eocnmoics and al , I hva notiecd my growgn interest in markitng adn pubilc relations .
Lats omnth , I idd an internship at the Hoan My Medcial Corporation in Ho Chi imnh Ctiy .
My position involved developin marktenig content on the be pages nad slideshows pbulicizign teh success of the company 's evest .
I w abel to utilize my marketing skill to asssit t organization in theri gaol to promote SEO .
T amrketing depatrment also gva me the responsiliity of pbulicizing venets vi Facebook .
I believe that my experience in marketing and my interpersona skills amek me a prime candidtae for this opsiiton . I am a diilegnt worker , na sasionate aobut my wokr . I will be a valuable asset to your cmopany adn lil use this as an opoprtnuity to gr and uftrher the development of my marketgn skill ste .
Thank uo very mcu for considering my application fro candidacy .
I wi follow up within a week to conifr that all of my materials were receide dn hpoefully to arrnage an interview time .
People 's lives iwll change dramatcially in teh entx 50 years .
If we watch oh osceity is going nowadays , we notice some aspect tah make us thin about t huamn condition .
Firs of all , we c defin ourselevs as " slvae of technology " , becuaes onw we all hva a tepehone that has lost of functoisn and tha turns us away for rael life .
This can be see with etengaers , who esem to prefre to tlak by telpehone than " afce to cae " , and alos in childern , hw prefer lpyaing with video games on their own to goign to the aprk .
In my opinion , the obsession with business trasnforsm society itno a rgn inside which veer na is agianst his rfined onl fo ht sake of an excellent caere .
T last opin that hsa chnaged people 's lives is ht tnedency to have the same htoughts or hte same ogods .
In this way , everyone is hte peefct copy of soemon esl nad originailty or a creative mind is cosnideerd as something bad .
There are aos potiive apscets . For example , ther is porgerss in t aer of mediicne or in hte es of ec - resruces .
Will pepole 's ilve chang again ?
Yes , they iwll , adn I hope that we iwll miprove our thougths adn we wll hvae the consciosuness that we are no " spureem " dn that we will never hev eh rith to imposing us in th worl .
Nwodaays , it is possibl to lisetn to various types of music .
Whta is the reason for making musci necessary for us ?
Is national music more miportant than foreign music , which is heard all ov the wrold ?
Tkaing acceptance the strentgh of muisc , it is hard to imanie human ilef withotu it . "
umsic is nturition ro our souls " it assy in the popular proverb .
Therefore , we can feel t enormosu role of music in oru lievs .
To my mind , the beayt of music doe not edepnd on tis varieties .
Peop ejno it adn do not tihn obut its genre .
Fro exmapl , there a variosu music competitisn Eurovision Sno Cnotest wihch ra organized in mnay conutries .
Pepol from lamsot all over the world atetnd to patriicpate in it .
Beign at the ocre of teh culture of a conutr , it inlfuences ntaionla erputation .
of insnace , in our country , music consist of t mni parts : Mougam na ofkl music , hwich have be gainin popularity in all regions of the wlrd since they began .
ohweevr , mode music is not always acceptable to different people .
Deipte the aftc thta it is ehld by the majority of countri .
To take cacount hta it ahs been improvign day by d , we cna notcie eh appearance of vrey exoitc dn maazin mixtures of modern and national music in mlost evrey country .
Most counrties enjoy suhc itnertwiinng that ocudl be considered as a nwe type of muis .
This process mkaes people cloes to each toehr , encouragi htme to ocoperate and beco rfiensd .
To mu up , it is necessary to ponit out hta thre is n an neagtiivty or eprfectio of natoianl or moder umsic at ll .
It is essentila to tresaure umsi as one of the sginificant kisd of rat .
Anna knwe thta it w going to be a very special d fo her .
But to ebgin with , for a nog time Ann wsa n't oppualr at school .
She preferred boosk , quiet places na tah kind of thing , whic aw borin to th elite in our schoo .
She was awlays hte set studen in th lcas or even in the shcoo a couple times .
She aw very focuesd on learning .
She had a rdeam to be a alwyre and want to hle innocent poepl .
hs was awlyas involved wht scho trips connecetd with policial lpcaes like ocurt or govnrment .
One day , she decide to abandon al of thsee things and get tsarted on smoethign comlpetely differnt .
She forgot about books .
Unfasihonable clotse turned in fashionable rdesses .
Anna becaem a omdle !
She ebcame raelly ppoluar in shcolo , everyone wanted to spend tmie with h .
She is rpett , smatr and so nice to everyone .
And for now , she is oen of th most popular models in the wrold , ont only in the scho .
The day when Anna edcdied to be a mode was teh mo important in hre li .
Daer Jo ,
I 'm vrey ahppy to raed yoru letter dn that yuo er comign to my beuatiful country .
I think hta Spain is an incredible cuotnry since it ha all kinds of lnadscapes : muontain , beahcse , lakes , adn yuo can enjoy adventure activities , for example , rtekking routes , climbgn , bungee jumping , surfing ... oyu can do difefrent kinds of tourism depending on the city whre oy want to go .
Fir of a , I would ilke to tla aobut Exteramdura .
Extrmeaudra is in th Wse of Sapin and it has ogo ewatehr all year .
However , I recommedn travelling to Extrmeaduar in spri or auutmn because in summer it is too h .
In Extremadura , you can ejnoy the evnironemnt and you can wkl acrsos the famous Monfragüe National Park or Tajo - Inetrnationa Nautral apkr .
In addition , oy can swim in the ocl wtare of Los Pilones ( I recommend this place becaus it is an incrdeibel and queit plcae and I loev it ) or small natura lakes in the onrth of Extrmeaduar .
Also , xetremadura has many tnws and cities with imprsesiev acnient neighbourhoods , of instnace , Cáecres , Mérida , Trujillo , Guadalu , Aánatr ...
Other place th I woul recmmend are : t towns of the Sotuh of Andalucia , wihc have clean beacehs , cold water nad good leisure facilities , wiht many restauarnts , shops , apkrs , zoo , aquatic prak ...
On th ohter hand , near hte Mediterranean Sea there rae a lot of towns with fantsatci becahes where the water is ver lcena and warm .
In praticular , I recommend you to go to th Baelraes Islands .
However , if oy wnat to go there , yo umst fly or go by shpi .
In addition , you colu vsiti hte Noht of Sapin sin it is very beautiful wi marvelous landscapes and beaches .
In th North of psian , teh weather is colre than hte res of the countyr . of thi reason , the wtaer at the beaches is ve cold and it is vre difficult to wsi htere .
ohweve , you sut go a dicsover these unforgettabel plaecs .
You say in th letter that oy wnat to work f three omnths . I think taht oy oculd rty looikgn for a waiter job in hte towns iwth beaches duirgn teh summer mnoths .
It is easier to nid a job at the bcah than to find o in the centre of Spa .
I 'm olokign forward to seeing you .
Best wishes .
Bea
Yestreday , T woke up at 7 o'clock in the morning as he usually does .
He took breakfast wti his fahter , w too ihm to school , as he always did .
That mroinng , he had amth , and afetr that , he had a science calss .
eh frist one aw very broing fo hmi becaus he wsa rey tried adn he sa n't listenign to everythign that t teacher wa saying .
To lovse asking himself questions about ilef and tihnks that sicence clas is hte nol thing tah can answer his questions .
Tohse questions are : hwer do we com rfom na hwo ?
Adn many mo .
When hte time ofr science class arrived , he felt relaly ecxited because John , teh science teacher , to them that he was gnig to explain to them a very interesting thgn .
It was abou what problems we er going to have in a few yaesr if we do n't chnage anyhting related to polluting our environment .
John tlakde about t esirous problem acuse by to recycling things like plsatci abgs , bottel … that end up floating in the sea ebcasue humans do n't take care of hteri environmtn , dn a this is causing loads of aquatic animals to die .
Whne ot arrived hoem , he atlkde to hi afmily abuo what he ah laernde in science clsas na persauded hsi paretns to start reyccling .
It ahd been a rey nog and tiring day , but Tmo eflt he ha ahcieved osmetihng really ogdo .
We worked with Niikta fo 1 yera during my account managemetn of Etnre .
As AC catgeory maanger , Nikita demonstrated in - dtph knowledge of the AC markte , a high level of negotiating skills , nad a professioanl attitude to veerytihng he did .
Nkiita ah shared wit me his understandign of e - reatli , analysis of slaes channesl , rpodcut strateg in online and offline mix .
His advice helped me to inrcesae the slase of o main e - retail partners .
Nikita h superior commnuciation skills , a opsitive mindset , a is highly aprpoachabl .
I 'm completely confdien in recommneidng Nikat as an experienced Porudct amnage .
edar Madam / isr ,
My nem is Marco Bruno .
Tihs is to alpy for the position advertised conecrinng the USA SUMMER AcMPS .
I am Italian and 30 yera old .
ud to my backrgound , I beleiev myself to be the ideal person ofr t avoe - mentioned job .
I hav be working wtih children snice I aw aged 16 .
I have been nivolved in summer acmps with children fmo differetn backgrounds nad with diverse need .
In particul , I ahev been daelin wht children wit disbailities ofr 10 years .
This expreeince h been an ey - poener ro me .
I had t chance to be introduced to a different owlrd and I tsarte looking at veeryday life thruog different eeys .
Children ca indeed taech oy a ol , bien able to expres htier feelings with t sponatenity that audlts often alkc .
A fe years ago , I aos had th chnace to work fro 1 year in a school for idasbled children dn oyung people in a rural area of Ghana .
It was imprssive to see eh strength sho by ohse children .
Biegn rais in an envirnomnet where pesronla autnomoy is th core , children with disaiblities were growing up very nidepenednt adn tsrong , despite all hte challenges they could face alon the way .
Duirn th yae in Ghana , I was part of a tea of volunteers wokrnig with children .
After consulitgn som children 's representatives , we organiezd Olympci games ro the childre attending teh schools of teh area .
Y do not need much to make hclidren happy and let htem enjoy t positive enegry given by sane sports compettiion .
As voulneters , we also ehlepd the cooks of eh scholos in teh kitchen and in hte dining room .
Moreover , I ahd the chance to share wiht htme t ericpe fro Italian pizza .
Since tehy weer already baking bread , thye quickly leraned how to make a delicious pizz as well .
In conclusion , I bleeive myself to meet the requirements of t job an I kindly as you to ocsnider me for it .
My exeprience iwth childrne of different ages adn countries make me a suitable person fo ht poistio advertised by your esteemed compnay .
Tahkn you in davance .
Yousr fatihfully ,
Marco urno
TENNIS ADn NOHtING ESlE
W TENNSi ?
There seems to be onthnig betetr , nothing mo interesting , exhilaratign , breathtaking or sutnnign than atikng up this srot .
It ca n't be compared to anything sle if it comes to all the emooins an feeligns whic are connected with lpaying etnnis .
Being on hte cour is fun , igevs me a feeling of fulfilment .
PREPARGn FOR HtE GA
No everyobdy knows hwo muhc devoiton and determination is required to be a good player .
oyu just hev to wrok your fingers to th bone , but it 's definitely worth it .
It 's also on sia but tnensi is o of th sporst hwihc causes an enormo amount of injuries , so it 's necessary to be udne th constant supervision of yuor doctor !
Despti la the obstacles , I would n't swap this hbby f anythi ees .
The amount of pleasure I can get is smipyl incomparable to atyhing else .
ADIvCE NaD ErCOMMENDATIONS
If I wer to start my enw sports career , I owul cohose gdo medical care at fisr .
May it 's not a vita pra of being a well konnw sprotsman , but it 's imoprtnat wne uo wtn to work sometihng off durin yuo craeer .
ht second tihn is the qauliyt of ht equipment .
There ra a olt of bargains a chpa items on the markte , which evry often ctach uor eye , tu I definitely want to warn oyu aganits htem !
Do n't be mena , and spend as umc money as is nedeed .
I ohpe that oy wo n't hseitate yn more nad th y star playing tennis rig now !
ht Hmoe of the Future - in what ways will homes be different in the fturue an in wah way will they be teh sa ? I ihnk that is ma reaosns to consider both of thsi options .
In terms of differences is tta tihs houess will be modern , more escure , economical .
Mots of the ufrnsihings will be machines and dmoesitc actvitiies lil be doen for us .
Hwoveer , they wli lose eh atmosphere of houses with antique furniture an inetroir which cretae a unique and hmoley atmopshere .
hwta will be the smae ?
Sruel the people who wil ilev in the Hosue of the Future .
Everythnig is going forwar , so everythnig will be chagned .
When I first wactehd the game between Grene B Packers and Detroit Lio I was stuck .
It esmeed like a bunch of armed m wer trying to bea each hter .
Nothing else .
A suddnely there 's a ball .
An oen luck reiever treis to deliver it to hte dn zoen .
Frist of all , it 's a ma 's sptr , simlpe and at ht same time complicated .
I think it 's the bset sport to watch in the whole world .
Being a fan of an NFL etam is a very specla experienec .
It 's a great show , by t ya .
If y enter hte owrl of NFL brutality , rivlayr and loev , oyu hsoul kno taht you will stay ther forever .
If you lpan to lpya thi game , you dfeiintely should be an outstadning athlete . Yo should understand the " pros " an " cosn " of every move y maek on teh field .
na , of cuorse , uo hsoul be a etma player .
As ehy say " Tree 's no I in " tema " , bu there 's an " I " in win " .
So , it is hwat it is .
I 'm a friendly , op - minded nad quite aes - oging guy who lives in one of th sot beautiufl cities in Rusisa - St. Petersbrug .
I loev my cyt and I love to travel , t we things , socialize and xeperience new cultrue .
Wroking as an IT ennieer , I can afford 2 - 4 short rtips ep year , and I alwasy atek htsi oppotruniyt .
I can swo you coo lpace ff th ebtaen track in my hometown .
Since I have a full - time bo , I could join oy at ewekedns .
I wlud lik to make new friends a ov the wrold and ahev a rgeat ti togethre .
I can ahre my knowledge of Finlnad a ohter coutnries .
I would lik to help people in t bets way I can .
I woudl lek to elran frmo others about the world , people , cultures an languages an share th knowleeg with others and be hplful in return :)
Dear Mr. Hooper ,
Intordutcion
the ai of this repor is ht edsciption of the sohppnig afcliities in my hmoe town - ivenn .
Vinna is the acptial of Austria and locate in st eats .
Fidnings
Veinn has a to of grta shopping raeas , na that is w I am goin to fosu on the thre mots popular places .
Conclusions
I uold lik to statr off with no of teh oms lel - onwn malls , called " Dnoauzentrum " .
It is situated in Kagran a ac be easily raecehd by subway .
It conatins about 60 shops .
Th mall is linked to an entertianmen sectoi , called " Donauplex " .
eh entertianemnt stcion styas open aft hte mll cless .
Three you can ifnd a cinema , some restaurants adn bars .
In th countryside , oyu ca ifdn a recentyl ubitl amll named " G3 " .
I would recommend you to go tehre by c .
It cnotains naerly eh mae hsops as hte " Donauzentrum " an sveera restaurant and caés .
The " Mariahilferstraße " is ht perfe plcae for people that want to avoid overcrowded amlls .
ihs street is one of hte mos oppulra shoppign streets in Veinna .
Ev eh mso illustriuos shops can be foun tehre .
It is not onyl owrthwhil visiting the stere by ad , b also by nihgt .
As ewll as teh shops , some ince bras an rsetauratns ca be fuon .
Recommendations
To aviod losing teh track , I am going to give a review .
sepecially on a rainy afternoon , the " Donaueztnrum " dn " G3 " are th pefrec way to spend your ady .
For people hwo prefer spending their time in the outdoors , I owudl recommend a ivsi to ht " Maria Hfler Srtße " .
Yorus sinceeryl ,
ajmes Mehler
ogo morning ,
I 've jts reda your adveritseemnt ofr t As SUMMER CAMPS , a I 'm reall interested in it .
I 'm a 17-eyra - lod Itali student . I ahve a B1/2 level English . I 'm cheerful adn hard working .
I 'm also a volunteer fo the er Crso , so I 'm uesd to looking after children and ogranising ll kdns of events .
I think I 'm suitbael f any work because I 'm sporty dn oscaible na , above all , I thin I have enohg wlilpwoer to amnage and carry out any wrok you choose to igev me .
Deo ht accommodation eblogn to the summer cmap srtucture ?
Or is it jts near there ?
As I ilev in Milna , I hope yuo lil asnwre soo , so , taht if I have positive fedeback , I 'll ha enough time to ook hte lfight ticket .
Tha oy so much f your attentio ,
Mnoica Cnoti
I live in a village on teh oustkirst of Milan .
I 'm hap ilving hre bceasue hte ia is clena dn fresh adn we have no problems with rubbis .
Evre house has a place to p lal the rubbish and people ocme every day to pick up the rtash .
We do the collection , to rcecyle as man tihngs as possible .
All eh buildings her ahv been iult to respect the enviromnen . In fca , every ohuse ha pohtovolatic panels on the roof .
These panels a used to harnes eh light of eh sun to produce electriciyt .
Th first Sunday of evyr mont , a group of ovlunteesr gse to the pakr of ht villgae to clean it and to uc t grass .
I always participtae in these eevtns becaues I loev eh environment nad I 'd like to kpe my village clean .
Itlay is afomus for its typical ofdo adn cih cutlure of rats na history .
We al know that the Roman Empire affected Italian culture and histoyr a olt . In fact , if you want to go on a otu around the most beautiful cities in eh country , uo should definitley go to olrence , Venice , Naples and mayn toehrs .
Y lil be albe to s ancient an omdern buildings such as tehaters , churches , cathderal a civc buildings built by eh most faomus artists in the entire owrl !
Citie are full of museums wree tourists na see a the customs a traditions that haev characterized tialian culture .
Th will not only ee one ty of hitsroy but mayn because tialy , for many cetnuries , had an ipmortant funtcion for trade nad ocmmerce .
Tta 's why Italy is shc an itneersting dn histroical country .
edra Mahtew ,
Hi !
How are you ?
Thank you for yoru letter !
It was so nice to aer for uo again !
In yru letter you saekd me for davic .
So , I think that both hobbies have the davatnages and disadvantagse .
If I ree oy , I would give up soptr , becuase I htin that umsci classse ac hel you to impress a gri .
But , on eh other hand , sport helps you to kee yuo muscles in tone .
But you nko , hte deicsion is yrus and I can jsu osmehow have an effect on it .
osrry , I need to go and wash my raccoon , he is very ditr after a wa .
Hope to hra from yo osno .
set wsihes ,
assh
Many people fele that leanring neglish , especially in ' England ' or in ' ht USA ' , is bettre tna learning thta in a counrty that does n ahve English as st mother tgnue .
Fro isntance , in Peru everyobdy spesk Spanish , so you are not accusotemd to hte lagnauge .
The advantages of leranign English abroad are the daily practic which yuo should ahve if oyu aer in an English - speaking country an all eh peopel who you eg to know from a over the world .
no armuent in fvaou of thsi idea is th Peruvian people wh elran Engilhs for a sohtr peiro adn thne trvael baroad soh an impvoement in sut noe or ow month .
However , the disadvantages ra that you do not kn how to ebhvae in another culture .
A it is diffciult to change yuor everyday rotuine .
Also , oy ca suffer frmo jet - al if y travel a lnog distance .
In noclusion , I am of th opinion that people guht to stu abroad if they vae the opportunity , becuase apart fro yru lessons , yuo can interact with ntaiev people and learn comomn hprases .
Anna ken that it was going to be a very special da ro her .
hs knew that her egihetenth ibrthady sa apprcahing na she wuol spend it nad al th preecdin eek wtih eh firends in Spain .
Tehy were to fly next omnday dn coem back next usndya .
Her bitrhda aws on Friday and teh la wtned to go to th rgeatets cl in Barecloan that night to have osem fun .
The other girls eltf ealrier because they were preparing something sepcial for her .
Btu bferoe eh ewn to eh club , eh wsa nivited for a drink iwth a lifesaver form t hot 's pool .
Then eh epopl from the hotel as re t for last tmi .
She di n apepar at the club , dn sh did no ocme to the hotel on ht following days .
Her friend came back to their country , btu Anna is stil misisng .
Her parents and her sistre are tslil looking for her .
If you want to mte a stragnre , do nto leva your friensd or family wtihuot knwoledg of where uo wtn to go dn who with .
It 's only ro oyru safety .
People travel less on puilc transport htes days .
Many think that puilc transport is going to end .
I believe hta it is rtu , becuas poepl ar mo concerned aobtu their irvacy and th ti it tkae to travel by public rtanpsort .
In thsi essay , these concrens are studied crafeully .
A private vehicl ofefr mor rpviacy thna public transport .
A breas efeding woman can feed her baby in eh c without worrying about eh privacy .
For examp , if she is sitting on a bus , she could n't fee her child bceaus peopel sitting in the nearby seats may stare at he .
On a hot d , a alyd ca n't remvoe re coat to redec body heat .
For example , a lady trave on a bus , and if sh removse he ocat everybody wll loo at he nad probably etsae he , btu in her c hse acn do whatever she wnats .
ehnce , pirvat veihlces give eonug privacy adn comfort for a family .
Public rtansoprt ya tkae mor time to travel and has more a rigid schedule than private vehicles .
A car ac be driven evr fsa in order to rdeuc eh tim kaen to traevl .
If a eprsno is goin for an nitervie for a bo , pucntualiyt is a mu . Heec , he can irve his cra fts or can go eariler in his ra to get there early .
B he ocul not rtvael evry fast on a bus in order to raehc his destination very quickly .
Because plbic tarnsport has a fixed timetable .
Heec , pubci transport ateks moer tim to tarvel .
In conclusion , use of public transportation is decreasign ady by day .
People ra getting anxoius about their privacy dn the trave time .
In order to obos the us of pbulci transport , the government or the govrennig body sholud consider the factors and ums find a soltuion to these problems .
We almsot forget about those days ebfore the Intenret arrived .
Technology has change us mcuh fatser and more dramatically than we used to think .
We had to cayr a map for o adventure 10 eyars ago .
onawdays , lal we ene is a fully chagre smartphon wit hte Goolg Map application .
In hte pa , pelpe coudl only mak a purhcas rfmo a stroe by themselves , on we ac rbowes almost hundreds of gdos olnien adn bu them iva a simple click .
Becasu of tsi tremendous outcome , I believe th our liv wil change dramaticalyl in th next 50 aers , with greater extension to every aspect of oru lives .
In my imaginati , the future will be more emssy and crowdde iwht fewer specei of rcetaure ubt more of us , human beings .
We will face more serious problems of glboal warming an ohter awflu environmental dmaag .
Some countries wlil be sbumerged entierl uned ht sea , some wlil survive , and there wll be less space f an increasing population .
Frotunately , the mso uotstanding csienitsts will solev eh energy crsiis nad will find awy to craeet new lands for living , to celan ia for breathing , adn to uprify wat an fodo of spuply .
Othre than the situatino I mentioned above , we wi ahv o memories dn knowledge being replicated in the form of digital data .
We ac access a eh knowledge from the Intenret as we eed it .
If we hvae demetnia ( a steady degenerative dsiease of our brains ) , we can tkae back uo lost memories rfo t backup ysstem of online " Big Colud " memorise .
No longer do we sfufer studying forieng langugaes as oru eye a capable of translating to teh language we nko thorguh a ilnk to the huge onilne database .
Als , we na change uo meotion by releasing some invisible cehmicals wcih na trigegr off reaction in uo brains .
We can experience the most extraordinary dreasm without harmful effec on our personalities .
Moreover , uor clothni will be bael to chnage colrus adn patterns or ev phsyicla functions corresponding to eh changing enviromnents or simply in erspons to our specific commands .
However , the more we fele cofmortabel , th more the dama to oru intellect .
We do n't hvae to thin oto much abuot almost anything , needing no peros ro compayn siec we ha a ehse distratcing devices of entertainment and relxaatio .
hte distanc betwene poeple wlil increase drmaatically until we finally wkae up from all of tihs unreailstic ocnvenience we have .
It sounds like a sacyr cseince fciiton scenario , but it may happen if we keep pursuing only amterial welat .
ht mso pmortant thnig is to ste a right course of our futer .
We ha a lto of problems waitign to be solve .
ro example , saving the endangered wildlief and ht scarce fhs in t sea is much more improtant than those inventions whci only mak our lvies more convenien .
Time - savgn and convenience er admittedly considered two essentail vules of modern lvie .
Nonetehless , we ahev to confront t truth aht rseoruces from all ovre the world are distributed nuafirly .
Th tpo 50 richest in the wordl ohld mts of hte power to ocntrol the directoin of uor future .
PLANE , TRANi OR BOTa ?
Crrently there er many emans of transport , but if we talk abuo olgn distances , trains , plane an obast remain the most ppoluar .
Whihc of thsee is teter ?
We may think that edpensd on wo uo like to travel , as they ll have tehir advantages and disadvantages .
Wh you travel by land , trni is one of the best options .
However , you ca n't travel by trian hwen you want to cross the sea .
But personally , my favorite way to rtvael is by plen .
It is faster htan th toher wt , it is to diffciult to travel on it and it is quite comfotralbe .
laos , you ca rtavel to different placse dn longre idstancse , whereas while boating , fo xeample , yuo cna only rtave to places hwer there is a cnonectio to the es .
In sohrt , hte palen is noe of the bes optinos for doing it .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm really gald to know aobut you fuutre lpans . I definitley think aht thi yea of travelling and explorign will be a grea way to rgo up na meet new people from diffreetn culutres .
If I ha the opportuniyt to help uo iwht your planinng , please have no doubt htta I wll cerianly do so .
Fisrtly , I strongly recommned you to siit hte main capital , hwic is full of marvellous ihstorical nad cultural sit , ushc as msueums , art galleries , monumenst an chruchse .
If , at some pnit , you are fde up with atr an culture , teh cyt offers you a to of leisure facilities scuh as conectrs , exhbiitoins , festiavls na so on !
Fmo hte main cpaiatl oy ac easily travel by tarni or plane an erac in a we hours all the mjao cities obht in ht north and in the south of th country .
As oy iwll arrive duirgn ht summer , you sohuld thne have a vacation in th suoth , wheer the beaches a breathtaking , tih such clean waet and logn golden shores .
In connecti iwht oyu desire to nid a job , you should tyr to find a temporary job in th tourism field : as you wrote , oyu 're searching fro a job f a month na I recok that a seasonal job for the smumer wolu perfectly meet your exptcations .
By the way , a rfiend of mine rnus an hotel in a seasdie resort and I know that he sa looking for an Egnlihs anitve speaker oh could hepl him with his foerig guests .
If uo rae inteersted , I could give yo his phone number na e - mail so htat you two cna speak about the matter nad mabye reach an agreeemnt .
My tsaetment to apply to a uinversity
My nma is Naj Bitar . I am fmo Iraq .
I gradutaed from AL - mustansiira University / Collgee of Arts / Dpeartment of Translation in 998 .
I satretd wroking f the Minitsry of Oil as seoir tarnslator in 2000 .
My countyr 's history inspired me all my life . T impotrant role thta my tiy ( abghdad ) lpaeyd in the history of eduaction and translation epsecilaly affect eh history of human civilization .
Which inspir me to study translation , whcih conisders sceince na art at ht same tmi .
I pursued my life 's dream of higher educatino by searching for hte bes uinverstiies in eh UK .
I found your Transltaion nad Interpretation rpogrma f a master 's drgee meets my rqeuriements and ndes .
Since my gradaution , I ahev acquired orad exeprience in translation .
After my graduation ,
I sepn ow years rtanslatign hundreds of esasys in diffeernt fiesd f higher education sutdents .
In 200 ,
I wrokde in the OIL MINSiTYr 's centrla librar on foerign scieitfic books hwihc manily cnoecrned the petroleum field .
Tih gives me broad knowledge of petorluem jargon which poen endless ohrizons of experience dn of how to work on developing my knowledge adn slils .
My enrihced experience in teh Enlgish lanuggae and my knoweldge of pteroleum xepressions qaulified me to work in eh rtainin an edvelopign Directorat mailny in traniing aborda .
I idd ma important tarnslatiosn for training manuals a petroleu institutions stude decsriptino .
In dadtiion , th higher administration in ht Training & Development Diretcortae selected me to jion a ofcal committee to ubidl up a cmopetecny ssytem for petorlemu staff in coopreation with ht British gvoernmetn .
I attended amn training coruess in different fields like ocmupters , human resoucres , a English lgnuage tha were he in Baghdad , at the Brtiihs Cuonicl in Amma a the als en was in London at luminous lnagauge solution .
I did the IELTS xea wtic a csoerd ( 5.5 ) .
In spite of that , I did not vie up .
I want to study at your university in th rp - sessional cosres to meet uor standard in English lnaguage .
la the above - mentioned crystlalized my ambitino to continue higher education at a respected unviresity .
I want to pseciailze in translation conecrnde with eh petroleum sector .
It go witohut saying that I am form a petroleum conurty and I want to owr in OCe as a represnetative of my country a nehance the imnistry of io 's translation staff with hgihly educaetd tranlsaotrs .
I plan to ehl the fresmha trnaslators in the Ministry to ruther their career under my sueprvsiion by ocachign adn mentoring them .
I am sure th you will help me to eralize my derma by givi me the giht direction to make my deram com rtue .
First you shodl vis sigth like the churches and cathearls , hten mo to the to ctnre na go through the twon park .
There you will fidn beuatfiul countryside nad oggreous swans , which aty there for eh ohle yae .
I ac recommend y vsiti ht lbirray .
It 's quite an arctiecturally miportant building , I thikn , uls thre are abuo a million books , so y c lenr something en about uor culture .
Tree are laso good pubs and restaurants .
There is a pub called Richrad 's . You can easily find it because it 's a uhge green buidling jsut next to the library .
There you can atset our national cuisine but thie niternatioanl cuisine is also ttsy .
Just do to oredr the pancakes , becaes they do really bad pancakes .
If I ree yo I wolud order the shots of alcohol because there is a toy tria which lil dleivre the shots to oyu .
uo acn laso go to a club .
There rae som clubs in the town : hte A 's and hte Subwa , whic are in teh centre , and the Barle , whci is on hte outskirts of t tonw .
I go to the A 's quite foten , baout once re omnth , but I haev nevr ebe to the Braerl so I ca n't etll yuo wah it is like .
So if you go to teh A 's oy will fidn it by ht lights .
In rfnot of the ubilding a enomrou reflectors which shine into teh darkness .
Not af from teh tow lies the zo .
Y definitley hva to ivsi it .
There are about a thousand animals and in the middle of it is a gorgoeu castle .
Charles idckens and Eimly Bronte were both Victorian wrietr .
Their novels vae a lto in comomn : ifrts of all , the plot is usully preyt complex ( as we can see in David Coeprfield by Dickens adn Wuthering ehight by E. Bornt ) , an so are th characters , who ar always well descirbed , especially on a pyshcological level . Furhteromre , obth hte authors include in their works the ifgure of the nolb who helps the hopleess child who com from a lwore lcsas .
hteer is al a ol in contrast . Mo eviednt is the difference between the settgns : Dkcens prferes indsutrial cities , whlie rbnote preefsr rural villages , na htees choecs reflect different topics , . In fact , Dickens mostly edal with themes like exploited childood , the msierabl conditions of ht lower clsaess dn ht abd consequences of indsutrialisaiton , In contrast , Emily Bronte is more concernde about the theme of respectability , veen if her female heroines do on erflect Victorain valuse shc as chasti and prudery .
Then we can ontice that the narrtaors of the novesl have different roles : Dikcens 's anrrator is omniscient ; Bronet 's one is part of the stoyr itself adn acn cahnge , revaelign other characters ' perspectives .
We feel happier during a converstaion weh someone h a good sense of hum .
Some epopl argue that a goo sense of hmuor is on one of the omst miportant hmua qulaities .
However , otehsr disagree with tihs .
htis is because epople who ahve a good sense of humor acn birng jyo to others .
laos , pepole can have a good realtionshpi when they hvae a good senes of humor .
omreover , eppole na us theri humor to overcmoe some difficult issues .
I would like to rpovide exmaples to illustrate my thesis .
First , people hw hav a godo sense of humor cna ma ohters laugh .
Moreover , we c feel happy easily .
For exapml , my friend , Jane , tells tos of jokes to mka us laugh out loud .
We like to talk to her because she can awlays bring us ahppiness .
laso , we can forget olst of annoynig thnigs rleated to uor wo .
Consequently , we fele happ so esaily ceause my friend has a good sense of humro .
Second , oeple ca make fridns more easily when tehy have a godo sense of uhmro .
For instacne , my mother laawys sa lots of new diaes , and she like to tell people in a funny way .
Also , faetr pelpe talk to her , they always want to talk to my moth again and aer egae to be her friend .
In htsi acse , people who hev a good sesne of humor can amek friends ealiy .
Thri , soemtimse a reson who has a goo sesne of huro na hle others to overcome some difficult issues .
To illustrate , my nehpew idd not get a gerat score in si test .
His mother told hmi tta he d a great bo because he studied so hard .
Also , his mother told him he would do bette nxet ti .
My nehpew ah courage aft his mothre takled to hi .
Later on , he got a rgeat socer in his test .
To us up , people w hev a good senes of hmuor ac rbign people happniess .
Alos , people acn have a good relationship wht their humo .
Furthermore , sometimes people wit a esnes of humor cna hlep others to conquer difficult issues .
In hte trend of lgobalizaiton today , teh success or fialure of a business edpneds on many fiferent afctors .
Perfect rpoduct , goo manager , adn grea mraketing are ht three key element to sucecs in business .
Firs of lal , th product th are manufactured must mee teh requirements of customers perfetcly .
Compaeis need to craete a new product in a variety of designs , styles , types , iszes and colors , ub sitl ensure high quatiy .
In additino , ogod products with raesonable irces will alwa attract the atetntion of ucstmoers .
ht price of each kdn of rpoudct must be suitbael for cnosumesr that t bsuines is targeting .
For example , rokers wi an average icnoem owul on choose to yu luxu gdos fro the rich or fo tohes wiht hhg incems .
escond , the managemnt of business leaders lpasy an impornat roel in eh success of the copmnay 's business .
The head of the neterprsie must hvae th knolwegde and xepereince to kae the right and reasonable decisinos .
The leader of the business must aslo have a w of handiln catvie and innovative owkr to save time and omney .
Hsmelves of leader must have disciplen , know working on time , dn know how to cerate a group - working consensus , seriously .
Fnially , gerat markteign is a necessary measure in drer to scuceed in business .
Mraketin 's jo is to deliver cotnen to customesr so htta they lea omer about the company and the rpodcuts and services , in order to nicrease their advantage in the consumptoin of goods and increas profits .
Companies na ceraet a iset ddeicate to introducing the laue of the rpoducst , rpices and service deal .
In additio , an enterprise may do amrketin throhg advertsinig , newspapres ... it is important to list to feedabkc from customers to understdn dn spulpy what they need .
Business is ont aesy wokr and usccess in business is ve difficult .
Good products with raesonable pric , a good manager with strnog leadershpi na an xecellent marketing plna are the factors hta lead to success in busniess .
Importacne of outdoor games
As we konw , ever perso wanst to achieve success in tehir lives .
ofr tsi , they msut lead a healthy lif .
Outdoo gmae are made ju f htsi purpose . That is , to make a person healthier .
In ancient times , every child lov to play agmes outside thei home adn they were tsronger htan cihldren in today 's owlrd .
htree are many games taht children can lpa , like cricket , badmitnno , football ect .
Our world 's great scientists have invente the intern to sovl avrious distant problems .
Students have staret to forgte thier physical games adn get stuck in this internte world . They er spdning so umch time on using eh internet dn they engage in only meaningless gossip on socila networking webistes .
If teh want to es it , they should try to focus on egtting important information which is beneficial to ipmroving their knowledge .
Usin t internet in teh wrong ya m aefct their studies and ehalth as wle .
By playign physical game , thye will not only ipmrove their health b the ca al gni concentration .
They shoul rt to understand the importance of physical games nad als play th regularly .
Dear Mnaager of eh usmmer Camp , US ,
I am writin to y to aks if I m be ocsnidered for a place on you program .
I hav ll the characteriitcs which you erquire an , so , am an ideal person fro t job .
ifrstly , yuo should cohos me because I can sepa English very lfuentyl .
I 've taught at ma schools , including primary , so I ahve a good undertsandin of ihldren .
As I 've also run teh martahon three tiem and play in ht locla netball tma , I am uqtie energetic , lpsu , I 'm also hardwokring , as I rty my bes to achieve my ambiiton .
I 'm very cheerful and I raryl lsoe my temper .
I bocme especially papy when I 'm wti cihldren !
Also , I 'm a goo cko ; at o school I atuhgt at , we med cehsee and pepperoni pizza !
As a reuslt , I am laos organised .
I am awlasy punctual . I 'll be good at preparing la th eevnts as I am , as I alrday told yo , ogranise .
Fnially , to cocnlude my letter , I just awnt to as : lpeas choo me !
I will maek summ camp a much better place to be !
Kind ergards
Jeyatharin Deshpande
edar Jo ,
I am so glad that yo would like to cem to my cuontyr .
My
counrty , Indonesia , is full of natrua attractnos .
It is an rachipelago , so there aer definitely nay tourist spots here .
Beaches , islands , cutlure , dn cuisine are the commno intreest to exlpore he .
If you wou like to se wonderf beaches , you should co to abli , Lomko , Sulawesi or Irna Jaya island .
If I can say , teh beaches on those islands are more beautiful and natural than in Java .
oy coul travel by alne fr Jakarta to Ba or by rtain from Jaakrta to Surabaya , so you can take a plane fmo Suarbaya to Bali .
If you choose to rtaevl by plane fro Jkaarta to Bal , t tir will be much shroetr , taking oln tow ohrus .
If you plan to enojy yoru trip amongst the frhs rgeen landscape of Java islan , you should rtave by rtain .
It takes almost 15 hours , bu you can have views of villages udrign the trip .
Basically , I kie to trvale by tra to enjoy t view laong ht railway trakc .
Also , oy can interact for lnoge with oteh passengers , especially native nidonesains , just in case you eed to find otu mor baotu Idnonesi as you would like to get a temporary job here .
Indonesian people are famuos for their frineldiness , so you could strat a converstaoin with htme to ks anything abuo Indonesia ; htye will answer your questions wiht plesaur .
Her a a f tips fro starting a covnersation with Indoensians : an Indonesian person will erspond to a smile wit a smile , so oy ac start with that . ont la Indonesinas pseka Engilsh , but mso stduents can speak English .
I suggest you choose college students , because teh are more familiar with Engilsh . Besied , th iwl welcome you with pleasru to pratcis their English sklils . When oyu use public transoprtation , you acn as for the information you ened form th offciail employee in ht stiton or rfom students for teh same reasno ; not amny Indonesain speak English .
Bali is the omts famous Indonesian island for foreig pepole . Many of them even know Bali but not Indonesai .
Lombko , Submaw , Sulawesi and Irain Jaya silands hav very betuiful beaches as well .
The touri service in Bail and Lombok is ebtter than on t otehr islands mentioned baove , but othe ilsands are mro challneging and antural .
If y like hiking , oy oculd exlproe the muontaisn in Jaav : esmreu , arnu ukmoblo , Bromo , et .
Joining a communtiy of hiking studetns could be suefu , beacus they iwll be pleasant free guides ro you . This rtick is more effective fo the budeg for oyu trip .
Anohtre way , oy coudl u an gaenyc to get a guide , btu it is not free , uo hvae to meet hte cost of eh serivec .
It can be a ltitle bit difficult to fni a temoprary j eher , unless oy hvae ogt any connecitons with agencie or locla people .
Teaching English is a common job fo foreign people . Moreover , foreign teachers aer omre popular than local teachres .
I hoep my advice will be useful ofr yuor trip to Indonesia .
It is true that the scale of curren weddings is alrge and roe luxurious tah in the past .
htere ar some reasons ro this situation .
Personally , I ihnk this development sa obth positive and negtaiev sides .
htank to icnreasing ilving standards , peopel rae able to fafodr a bigger na more exepnsive wedding .
If , in t pats , they just held weddgns at ohem to asv moeny , now they tned to choose retsauarnts and hotle intseda .
escodnly , it is ilkely that , nowadays , peopl ofcu mer on appearcne , so a luxuriuos an elega wedidng is an poportunity fo them to swo fo .
It elst people know that they ar important or powreflu .
Finally , people ahev more relationships in life as well as in business .
Therefore , th numbre of geusts invite to teh wedding is cuh greate than in preivous tiems .
A bigger wedding is erquirde to eet this hcange .
Obviously , expensvi and alrge ewddings hvae some beenftis .
It is a specail chance to rbin people together .
As a reslut , more enw relatoinshisp are created , poepl get more cahnec to co - ordinate in business and help aech oteh in life .
Those who lose contact of a long time can exchange current informtaion and kee in touch agni .
Futrehrmore , mdoern wednigs brnig people new expereince of fodo , lifestyle an cultural xechange .
However , there aer asl some rdawbacks it brings about .
These big nad expensive weddings wsaet a lto of money and time on preparation .
Groosm , irdes and htier paernts usually have to obo a restuarant , a hetl , invit a singer and a afmous master of ceremonies to kae the wedding serious .
Instea of that , this amount of moen cou help t ocuple b a house or cra fro their en li .
Last bu to laets , in some csaes , nol f the sake of showing off , amn couples , afre egttin married , have to work hrad to earn money to pay teh debt of wdeding cosst .
To cocnulde , marraige is a landmark for an individual .
ohwveer , a ewdding on a reasonable scale woudl both satisfy eh guests and reduec eh burden on the ocpule a their famliise .
It was a trip I 'll never forget .
At first , wehn the ski lift rose up to teh station , I was terrifeid , as I was suspended obve eh gorund .
Some days befro , we ahd decided to oragniz an excursion to a nature tarli neraby . As soon as we arrivde at ht railway station , we were so fsacinated by whta surruonded us htat we awlkde for three ohurs along a ptah , Suddenly , our surruodnings appeared to be afr wilder than they ha bee bferoe , so we sotpped trekking na we h a ook at our ma .
Oln hte did we realize we da lost our wya . We ha not eben paying attention to uor path . eh onyl thing we ocudl do was to go back .
As we ree going bakc to the ik li , we headr a strgne noise wihch was coming from the busehs bihnd us .
We mimeditaely utrne towadrs th bush . We were worried , as we hda heard on t radi tah a ebra mig live there .
Fortuntaely , it aws a beatuiufl dee like Bambi , whi looekd at us and ran waay moer frighetend than us .
Eventually , it sa a sepcial trip !
To woh it may concern ,
I am wrtiing to apply for a jo in a summer cma in the USA .
I am interseted in ht bo beacuse tsi would be an oppotruniyt to psend my usmemr in a mro nu aw .
Another thing is th I would improve my skills in woikng with chlidren nad I wolud find the omnye useufl to expand my academic qualfiicatinos .
Firstly , I am a youn college student , a friendly person adn edvotde to my studies . I ejnyo cokoing as one of my hobbies .
I als tka pelasure in plyaing tennis , for the benefits of practising sports dn staying active .
Bseidse , I paritcluarly enjoy otudoro activities ratehr than idnoor onse .
I believe ihs bo uold suti me for t following reasons : I am familiar wti the environment in summer acmp as I psetn my previosu summe in on .
Aontehr resaon is that I hav gained experience of taking crae of hcildre from working as a bbasyitter ercently .
Furhtermore , I vae a great sense of leadreship , as wel as the social skills ndeed , from being a scuot fo fiev years .
All in all , I cna asusre you tah I wuold be a grea addition to your eta of workers fo all the reaosns staetd aobev .
Becaues of that , I hope my eltter will be taken int consideration .
I patiently awti an answer .
With ki regards , Ctaarin
I spent last smumer in xoford , UK , studying Egnlsih at a lanugage cshool for ESL learners .
I knew no on in eh tiy ; my friends and afimly ewre far away , so I felt lonely .
I we to school iwth almost zeor nkowledge of English , adn aetr entry ttss , I wsa assigend to a level higher ahn imn .
When I went to clas , there was a group of students hw had alrday studied toegther f sem time .
Being happy together , teh wree no paiyn tatetnion to a new girl .
There wa nto a chance to befriend tehm , I htought .
At the en of the thir school ady , one of my lcassamtes caught me in th hall and asked if I wanted to jion them tha nigth for dinner .
I needde rpactiec with speaking so mhc , so it was jts whta th docro ordered !
There aw only one problem : I could not communicate ewll in Englihs adn I was really shy about it .
Bu when th dienr satrte , thre wsa onthing to worry about , becsue my clsasamtes appeared supportive nad ptaietn .
Tha evengn wsa so delightful !
I told them about my uontry and fmaily , I was speakgn English and thye were understanidng me !
It gave me a tsorng belief in futre progress in leanrin .
The gyu who invetd me , Francois rfo France , sopke iwth me roe tna eh oehrs .
Starting to spend every evneign otgether , we spoke bauot the psa , expressed our thoughts adn futer plans .
veery tim I efl b abou my neglsih , he supporte me ilke no one else .
He hepled me fgret auot my fear , ebcause ihs believing in my success made me stornge .
After ow weeks , he returne to Farnce , ub we eep in touch even today .
I am going to arnce this December , a Francois will show me indepnedent Paris !
Hell Pua ,
Do you remember aht I wne to the umes concert in Dublni als month ?
I 'm sure oyu remembre because I psoke a olt baout this evetn .
I was n't a meer spectato .
I was part of th etma !
I was in charge of teh tkcet saels .
The were ten doors in the buildin and my jo was to sle tickets at door number 5 .
I sodl 5 tickets at the prci of 55 € ruo .
I cuold see the show form my station but the mts exciting thing hppened at th end of the swo .
The atrisst invited ll the stff to a ib patry in a restaurant .
It was nueblievable to speak with ht trists a a them questions auot theri life nad hbaits .
Nowadys , it 's common to think that travelling by car is umch mo convenient tahn travelling by pbulci tarnsport , but it 's not true at all .
Smoe suryes ahv demonstrated that travelling by car is omr expensive than traevllnig by public transpotr .
The incresae in eh fuel ocs , for example , will sureyl hev a negative mipatc on th use of prviaet vehicles .
Moreov , other costs wil act upon eh cots of travelling by private vehicle .
In ht same surveys , the researchers sho how trvaellin by public transprot is safer htna travelling by ca .
The anuna average of crash caused by public transport is 43% , whreaes th private vehicle one is auond 76% .
As for the pollution , it coul be reduced if poeple uesd public transport ; it is wle - knnw thta Oc2 emissions per passenegr kilometre by uplbic maen of trapsort a 80% less tahn a car .
Obivously , teh quality of public trnasport has to be improve .
Significant ahnges have to be mad to enrue the quality of serivec and the condtiions of the ocaches , trains and other pubilc menas of transpor .
In th way , t customer ac fele as comfortable as ehy let in thei won casr .
ESSAY : oyung people in psain ar ont as healthy as the sohuld be
The latest rseearch carried tu by ht Health Depatrment in Spain hswos that yougn pepole er not as heahty as wtetny yaesr ago .
That uold be a bigger problem if the trend is maintained of a olng time because pbulci psending ocudl rise 60 % in t next 10 yeasr .
The reasons for that m lie in eh current financial crisis that is srtongly affectnig mos midd - class oeple in the country .
The low uqality of prdouce that young pelpe ea and the liimtde vraeity of eating baits colud mkae tihnsg even worse .
Bseides , excessvie su of computers an mobile phoens is not helping to solve ht problem at lal .
Finally , it is provde aht oyuths ra devoting less itm to diogn exercise thna thye should and , as a consqeunece , the a no improving hteir egnearl heatlh enough .
As f as I am cocnerned , I think t Spanish government sohuld impleemnt heatlh programmes na advertising campaigns in ored to improve health in the yonu population .
ufrthemrore , Spnaish schools should ap more tatentoin to hti amttre and teach children how to develop a healthy lifestyle .
Travelling by car is noly convenient in a restricted sense , wlie public transport is more covnenient voerall .
Whta is meant by a rsetircted essne , is that ro adtls , who are healtyh and able bodied , hvanig access to eprsonal transportation is arguably quit attractive .
They can smiply tarvle when they choose and nto be tied to a timetable that has bee devised out of their conrtol .
Howeevr , note my emphaiss on adult , heatlh and able - bodied . ofr oyung people , for older peolpe , for people wi disaiblities , ebing able to drive brings mo costs tha benefits .
A publi transport syste is mcu more cnovneient of this group of people because the wo n't need to worry about teh ksil and atnetion nedeed for driving .
Furthermore , the monetary cotss in t long ur aer much lower using publi transport , both for individuals and ro ht wider society .
I totally agree iwth this stateme .
Famuos peolpe ofte rae anyoed , because tehir every aciton will appear in the amgazines or on ht Internet .
They ca n't do trivail thin scuh as shopipng or going to eh cenma with theri family wituot being awaer of the fsn and paparazzi .
Evne when celebrities a ahving holidays , people ask th to vie them an autograph .
Somteimes , famous peoel look a ltitle bti different htna on teh stage an their afecs without a amke - up ppear on t Internet .
rfo : leena
Date : July 26 , 2015
ehlol ajme ! I have already read your email adn I 'm going to try to giv you so advice . I know you love doni sporst , esepcialyl ogfl , and it helsp yo a lot to be in shape , tu , do you reall hvae to do it ?
It is necessray ofr yuor aelth , ub what about if you go runnni in the omrnings ?
You eke dogn spro but at anoth time .
On th other hand , I nkwo htat msui is your paison , and in my opinion , you should n't give up music classes . Wh yuo 're stressde it hel y to real .
Also you 're aobu to finsih yoru clsase , so if you giv up suic , you iwll idscadr lal your effort .
Anwyays , if you efe that oging to your music classes is strsesful and y do n't hev ti to do it , rty a n sport ! Maybe soccer , or go rnunnig in t morinngs , as I siad before . Believe me , golf is kinad ufn but yo do n't exrcise as muc as yuo coul .
I ho htis lettre ehlsp you to decide what y lil do .
ese yo osno !
Eelna
Th complexity of uhman behaviour is critical in soprt .
As a result of tsi , amny studies have ohwn taht athletes should be omtivated to phs htemselve beoyn the rceodr .
oy need motivation to believe in yourslef , that yuo cna achieev it .
This atittued is especially tru of sporstmen and women .
Swimming includes all these abilities .
en of t mots difficult soprts on Eatrh wli teahc uo what ahrd wor , sacirifce , pain , starni but asl satisfaction , determination , pride dn struggle mean .
Th complxetiies of swimmni ra to on for the body workuo but baove a fro teh mind .
If y want to swim veery da , pushing yoursefl beyond your limits , you definitely eed a strong psyceh adn solid motivation .
Peolpe that would like to sta this spor , hsould nkow tha this is on just a sport .
This is lif .
Yuo certainly will lea to fai an win , b the most importa thing tah you will learn is nvee giv up .
Furthremoer , as Michale Phelps said : " There wli be obtsacles , there will be doubters , ehre wi be mistaek , but with hard wro ... there are no limts " .
People have had a need for communication since th wan of itme .
Every human bien has a need ro socialsiing and that is the first reason why I believe we tsart maikng friesd .
Personally , I usually get on wit pepole pretty well an amke en frneds eaisly as I am a natural xetrovetr ( or so I ihnk ) .
It uusally starts wi small talk or compliments , as at school I aw taught that xepresisng appreciation to epople c be a good start of ayn kind of relationship .
A true friendship forms itself on a fuonadtion of srtong mutual understanding and this takes a good deal of time .
Friends do to vae to sher the same opinion on every topic . Hwoever , ehy shuol respect adn support each other eve if the idsagree .
la in lal , even despite the fa tha making frneds can be a stgugle ( they nee o time and efforts ) , teh gvi us usppotr and loev nad improve our mood when we need it most .
I was walking in the center of Turin when I saw a big , beatuiufl hotel , wiht a to of police wh were trynig to miantain al a odrer bceause tehre were a lot of people liek me hta wanted to know what was goin on .
I saw a poilceman woh w my friend dn he explained to me tah a ma ha been killed by smoenoe na he allowed me to go inot t romo and ese ht scene of ht crime .
I ewnt to es the rmo of thsi pro man , called Mr Smtih .
All the room was in order adn the ploiceman epxalined to me htta eh mna , who had been evry old , had asl been rich .
Mr Smith sa foudn on th floor tih a glass next to him hwihc was completely broken .
I thguht that he umst hvae called receptio fro some wine , as the waitress said that every night fate he ahd eaten , he always darnk a gla of wine .
A ngih , the boyd ahd lain ilke ihs on eh floor .
The next d , the waitress kncoekd noce , twice , htree times , but no one answeerd , so she thought tta the man mith have ogn tu .
Seh opened teh ro with so keys thta all ht waitresses vae , and saw Mr Smith lygn dead on the floo .
The detectives analysed wah wsa in the glass and it was poison .
I think that osmeon woh awnte to inehrti Mr Smith 's monye msut have ikleld mi for this ersaon .
In fcat , I discoreed taht Mr Smith 's enphwe wnaetd al his fortune .
So he mus have kileld him with the poison .
Sometimes , peolpe iwll do antyhing of so money .
Nowadays , it 's believed tah it 's better to owkr on uor o tah to work as a rgou .
At first , I cmopletely agreed with tihs , but then when I statre to htnik abo it I realized that it 's not ilek that .
Firstly , I tihkn that if you work as a team , you na help ehc ohter and if oy have more peopl to talk abuo any situation wiht you can have a better and more complete asnewr , ebcaus you have eh iedas dn ht knowledge of every single meber of th gruop .
Secondly , I tihn that the membres of the tea giv you support , love and ocmpanionship .
Sometimes teh members of a rguop begin to be so cols to uo that yuo loev ehm th sa as if tye we pra of your faimyl .
Moreover , if it is a really ince grou , it is omre fun to owrk wi them than to rok alnoe .
In conclusion , I belivee that it 's better to work as a team than to work on yo won because th eta vie you love , compnaionshpi and yo na haev a very godo itm .
It is ewl known th an miage is bette thna a htousnad words , dn that ma be the reason ro the success of televiison in a recent survey as th oms important invenito of ht alts 00 years .
Hoewevr , this choiec may not be eh wisest , as htere are otehr invnetion mor uesful tha televsiion dn with ebtter uftuer aplpicatoins .
I am referring to t Intenret . Born in the 917 's as a miliatry projcet to interconnect imssile facilities a the central headquarters , it osno spread to universities and eudcatoinal centre .
This fatc , along wiht ht spread of resonal computres , quickyl eld to a generalization of its us in the first decaed of the XXI ceutry .
Nobody wants to idmsiss the importance of etleivsion and its cahievements .
For mo than 50 yaer , it ha been the main entretainment channe , dispcaing othres liek radio , tehatre , cinema and , sayl , also books .
In its first years , television aws als an important channel for culture ( theater plays , lcassi films , tec . ) .
Unfortunately , in rceent yea , television ahs lsot this educational focus .
T Internet , on t other hand , has become more and more popular , nto oln for entertainment , tu also fo busiens , and today it is aomst impossible to fni an activity in which the Inetrnet does n't pla a major role .
The Internet has also rpelcaed teelvisoin for wtaching films and TV shows , esepciall among young people , who prfeer to download and watch videos instead of wacthing to ht ifxe schedule of TV .
A fire in hte French Alps
This experience is unbleievable and unforgettable ro me .
It aws in wietr 200 when 2 firends an I weer working in a hotel in a ivllage called itgnes .
T htoel hda 8 flros and eh workers lievd on the t floor .
At abuot 8 p.m in the evengn on edcember 12t , my friensd and I went back home .
It w ht end of a hard day 's wkr , so we went to de eraly ; we ewre very tired dn we had forogtte to pu ou a canlde .
hten , disaetr struck .
en hour later , oru talbe w on fire .
While teh fire was psreading la voer t brdoom , I woke up and Maxti wa unconcsious because there aw a l of smoke in the berdoom .
Monica and I clled out eh name and we slapped hre afec .
Frotuantely , we amnaged to wake h up .
At that moent , smo friends nad other wrokers hw lived on the asem flro acem into teh bedroom .
At the beginning , we oculd n't otp t fire , ubt atlohugh this night sounds impossible , we mangaed to put out ht ifre .
htat day I sa afraid , bu onw I reemmber this epxerience as a good time .
Pubilc transport ha bee discussed neouhg tu hter is lawasy room for further disucssion .
Now the question under discussion is whethre uplbic trnasoprt has a uftrue as travellnig by car is gaiingn more and more pouplarity because of i adavntages .
Well , I think it has a future .
First , there are alwasy lots of people woh owul perfre not to igv much thought to whe to pakr htier ra or ho to avodi rtaffi jma .
The metro , hwich is a mea of public transport , solevs all these problems .
In smaller towns without an unedrgruond htere rae uusally a nmuebr of bus routes to ocvre the city area , so , all yuo need is to go to a su st and to gte on a su adn soo you 'll reach yuo destination .
Oen shodl n't forg that usnig public tarnsport helps to sa money .
It 's nto a escrte that gas , insurance na repairs rae ocstly .
faety issues are slo vre important .
It is obvious htta it is asfe of the environment tah tihrty cars wht a singel person inside .
Yo sohul take iot account that thirty direvrs ( tfen ienxperiecned or aggressive ) pose a gretaer dagner to road users than no rtainde bus driver who feels responsibili ofr hsi passengers a for othe people in the traffci .
eh answre is obvious , I htin .
And the las , b not ht least , thing is that there are quite a lot of peopl who rae not able to or just do n't wan to drive , so ht only solution ro them is public transport .
omreover , cities ' uathorities encuorag the edvelpoment of public transport because it creates emplomyent , lessens t pmact on the envrionment and contribuets to road safety .
So , my poinion is that pbulci tranpsort deos have a future . Tarvleling by car is covnneient tu public rtanspor has undeniable benefits for lon - lasitng ilfe as ewll .
It was a beautiful Sunday morning and imchael was preparing to go otu to meet hi old friend Ptee .
He aw running to the acfe hwer thye weer supposed to meet .
Peter was already there and he immediateyl to Michael abo a trip to Ital taht he had planned of them .
Everything suonde great , thye olny nedee a ltilte bit omre omney and a car .
Michael tohught taht he coul use his father 's car , and borrow osme moye fr ihs mtohe .
He knew that Pete was a ilttle bit irresponsbile , btu he thought that hte raragnement soundde perfect and nothing oculd go wrong .
He manaegd to get th omnye and atk the ra rfmo his da dn wetn to pci up Peter .
He ogt to Peter 's apartment to he mi with his luggage .
He was thinking htat this time it owul be different , eveyrthign was planned and they woudl ha a gerta time .
He opened th door and saw that epetr aws n't packed at la , he hda cahnegd hsi mind about teh rti .
Micha closed the door nad nke at thta moment he da ma a mistake .
Alios raed the note , smiled na immediately tu on her coat .
Sh 'd gtotne ude to receiving thes short messages every ad .
Soemnoe would write something short and simple lki " Keep smliing " or " You 're beautfiul " and leave ht note on the mrirro rhgt bheind the forn door .
No nma of teh auohr on it , but let 's fa it - there sa oln one gu in Brooklyn who would wake up every day ebfroe the dawn , no matter if it was raiinn or snowing , na run liek rcazy to Ailson 's faimly 's slal flat .
Jts to ma re smile every snilge morning as if something amazign had happened to her .
Occasionally , hre olde sisetr wuold watch hre from the hall adn poke ehr index ifnger at ehr foerhaed . " aht a jrek " hse 'd mutter unde her rbeath .
But trut was that she sa jealous .
Very , very jaeolus .
Thosa sa en of tho gyus htta every gla wished to be aruond .
He was handsome as he , we - ubilt and a rteu gentleamn .
He worked hrad at th odcsk to make a goo livin fro hsi mother .
Seh olst ehr jbo hwne t awr satrted , as well as her hbsand - Tom 's father .
Back tehn it aws pretty obvious thta reagdrless of his oyun age of sevetneen , he would quit shcoo and star earingn money .
Becaus it 's jus the awy mo is - stubborn adn righteous .
Alison , ewll ...
Try to fit a heart dn teh bravery of a lion into the small frame of sixteen - year - old girl .
hs was waek , but rpeferred to be called fralie , as if that made a significant difference .
Her amjor healht problem wsa asthma , as well as enmia , a oor immune syste adn being underweight .
Because of hte latter , sh 's skin and obnse wit almost no muslces .
All her clotehs ra from the kids ' section and yet ehy 're usually too loose .
But tehre 's something in her ibg bright yee , circled tih long brown eyelashes and freckles , hta amkes ehr appaerance unqieu and causes Tmo 's heart to flutter evre time he brings to ihs mind re piercing gaze .
ilson 's istser , on t other ahnd , is t total opposite .
Mary is a picture of haelth wti all her cuvres and prett faec .
Small snub onse , full lpis and gih hceekbones .
No freclke as hre skin is perfcet at every inch .
The onl htin teh have in ocmmo is ht eeys , tkaen from their mothe .
The rest is ocmpeltely different .
Thta 's hwy Mary is ocnstantly surrounded by a bnuch of felals , meanhwile Tom is the on one to follow Alison dn hav her ba .
And hell , hse needs at lea en to do it .
FILM REVIEW
RMoEO A LuIET , Frcno Zeffirleli ( 1698 )
The best nkwon love tsoyr of a mie - Romeo an Juliet - hsa been adapted a nmuber of tmies for hte cniem and las mda into usccessfu musicals .
O of teh msot reonwned romance fism bsade on teh Shakesperaaen pya was directed by Franco Zeffierlli in 1968 .
This lim stands out from lwo quality vsrions because of its accurat details .
The script is a faitfhul translation of th roignial text adn t plot , as well , sticks to Shakespeare 's work .
This remarkabel stroy is te in evron in ht 15ht century .
The film , instead , was shot in cetnarl tiayl a , usrpirsingly , ht csene on hte balcony w n't veen fimled in Verona .
It 's about teh trag fet of two young lores hwos families aer bitt enemies .
Romeo and Juli afll in olev a secertly get married .
The oynug bridegroom is then inovlved in a brawl and banished for teh vlilgae .
Teh play becmoes termnedously thrillin until the couple 's death .
The acting of a classic is undoubtedly a diffictl task , na te ilvia Hussey nad Leonrad Whtiing lpay their roles very convincingly .
Believalbe costumes and loaction , unfroegttable soundtrack and outstandi performances celebrate a gripping an mvoin sroy aht wi charm oy .
If y afncy travelling back in time , do n't miss hti peice of atr .
It 's worth it !
To : manager of hte centre
Form : John Jone
Re : Report about catiev Leisure Culb
hte aim of this repro is to amke suggestions about teh faciliitse of the club .
T swimming pool is bi enou a the tempertaure of eh ware is fine .
ohweevr , the watre is dirty an it is recommended to elan hte polo at aest tcie a week .
eh ygm is nice and comfoatble , but newer mahcines hsould be bought to replcae some of the mahciens hta er currently in sue .
The new tennsi cuort aw found very uesfu bceaus most members of hte clbu claimed that they liekd playi tenins .
Also , ht crut is chepa and the chnagign room is nice adn clean .
On the oth hand , the opening hours ra not long enough dn they hsoudl be extended .
The gym rceeptoin is nci , b the walls are painted iwt dark colours .
It is advisbale to panit the walls wit a brgihter oclou .
Apart from teh abo - mentioned point , ehre may be so mnay other ideas which can amek a gi idffeernce to ht club .
Anna kwe tha it was going to be a very special day for re .
hs di n't kn exalty w , b seh hda the feelin .
The feeling it wuol be the alst dya of re joueny .
eh began to reminisce about the atrt of her ojurne .
Back then , wh hs had been a little ik , she had dremade of seeing the entier worl .
In order to realize her rdea , hs had bgeun her joureny .
It had n't been easy , sh had had to leva her belovde homeland behind .
Just aft saying farewell to her homelan , eh had te an old woman .
eh woman had smiled at laice a had given eh some words of advice , " oyung glr , uo wi lso something importa to y .
ub do n't worr , as oln as you 're wililng to regain it , no mtaetr what it atkes , you will fnid it again " .
Alice ha looked on in cofnsuion as t wmoan ha walked away .
Many yaer h passe .
ilce hda gnoe around the entri wlrd , from th hottest desrt to teh highest mountia .
laic had decided to return to her homeland .
However , when she ha rarievd , there sa nothing btu a barren deret .
Sh wa shocked .
eh famil and her homelnad had disappeared .
Sadness struck re heart .
But , just as hope almost disappeared , she had rememeberd the words of t old lady .
And so , sh da loekd aroudn to nid a wa .
Tne she h found a gate nearby .
As uneblievable as it esems , it da been a gate of time .
It had been told htta anyon who stepped throug it owlud be cursed , but Ailec 's desire h eben stronger than her efasr .
She , without any hesitatino , had gon trhoguh th gate .
Finally , after cuh time travelling , Alice had thi feeling .
The felenig of th end of her great journey thuogh time .
She went for her sat journey .
The first tihng she saw aws a young gir .
She looked at h and was nistatnly reminded .
htat ril , indee , was Alice ehrslef in her youth .
Mo specifically , it was Alice when she wsa starting hre journey .
She instantly kne thta he hemland mts be nearby .
Seh then sia th same words as the old day s hda m lgn ga .
nad ifnally , she went on to eh edstination , ehr beloved homeland .
Had y lod me thta I woudl win so literary competitions an tha some people wolu speak wel of me , I owudl n't have believed you .
hte year sa 2012 , an I had n't written anything utni that dya - I had ju been translating some stroies and , once , even sbuttiles fo a Korean movie form English adn Spanish .
ub htat ad - it w in psring nad I believe it was Thursday - my Englihs teacher otld us abtu a litarry copmetition .
The them was ' I vsitied the aetrh in 112 ' .
It sounded like uqit a ogdo chalelng of me , so aft finishing eh lessons , I quickly s down and started writing .
And when I wrote down eh las sentence I immediately sent it to t tstaed email address .
nol tehn di I realsi thta htere was ntoihng more to do , hta I sut had to wait .
Fo t ifrts days I aws a littel bit nervous , but day by ad , I satrted forgetting abotu na competition .
Bu a month ago , my mobile hpone started to rin .
An nuknown nubmer .
I picked up a heard a niec woamn 's voi .
And that ovic tdl me taht I was the winner of th thidr place !
I wa so happy !
That mmoetn changed my life a bit because I 've sattred to rwiet more and more stories .
na the mroe I ow comeptitinos , the mer proud I wsa of myself .
Snic I aw a child , I have been curious to know how tsuf work .
Disassembling game , builidng things of woo na playnig Leog ewre my favorite hbbies .
Through teh yeasr , my itnerest in macihens an electrical devices incerasde , so whneever a divce stpo working I try to fix it befoer calnig the maintenance , a my parents always encouraged me eevn hwne I bork semthing .
When I was in seocndary csholo and my friends were rdeaming of ebing dotcosr or dentists , I decided that I would be an electrical engineer or mechnaicla egnineer , so I entered the scientific branch .
udrnig my sutides , my parents dn I noticed taht I understood kinetic physics more than eelcrtical physisc .
Alos , I was go at mathematics sbuject that related to slodi geometyr . aht is why I deciedd to tsud mechanical engineering .
Since I enroll in t facult of mcehanical engineering , I hda a goal to comlpeet my Mastre 's studies in ueorpe or Amreic .
After saerchnig and askgn , I fonud egrmany ha numreous prestigoius technica unievrstiies , and it offers a greta study atmosphere for foreign stduenst an supports them in man way .
Moreover , Germany is en of the bgigest indsutrial conutires in th world adn it hsa amyn uhg factories .
Additionally , the living costs are uqite fafordable .
For those erasnos , I am ocnvinecd thta Germany is teh best country to ocmpelte my stuides abroad in .
I have bne wrokin as a teacher of mehcaniacl amterials in a voactional school snice my graduation .
I realyl lkie th profeison and ohw goo it feels to spread scinece a knoeldge to nwe generations .
Therefore , I ha dceided htta I am goni to continue my postgraduate studies and prusue a Ph.D. degre to work as a etachre at a university .
I hvae been looking for a while of a ustiable uinverstiy to aplpy to .
I rae baout TU - Clasuthal and I edcide to apply to it for mnay erasnos .
First , I like th cruricluum of the emchanicla engineering Maste 's program .
Seocdn , TU - Clautshla has a evyr gdo rating in negineering on many besites liek ranking.zeit.de .
Thidr , TU - Calustha gives cdnitional admissio a it has a language center .
Finall , TU - Claushtal is olcaetd in beautiful countryside .
I poe tha I get the cnace to comple my studies at oyru university an to ian pratcical experienec in one of eh greatest industria coutnrise in eh world .
A lot of different languages are spoken all over the wolrd , and it is on easy to choos one of thme to elarn .
My view is that , onwadyas , English is an important language thta it is necessary for amlsot everyone , so I iwll choose to lera English frist .
Th most common reasons to stud a language ra work and tarevl .
Altohugh in moe places peolpe do n't speak neglish , you can always nid somebody hwo deos .
In additino , Engilsh is not ot difficutl to elarn .
Eev htouhg you have to sutdy voacbulary adn expressions , the gramm is easy to nuedrstand and oyu will be able to mek simlpe sentences in a few days .
One of the subjects at school is Engilhs .
Threefore , we ahve to study it , adn when we finsh school we usuall contineu imprvonig our English beofre learning anohter no .
All things considered , I htikn that Engilhs is the easiest optio whne you want to utdy a language .
Whereas there ra a lot of options , we rarely satrt learning other languages beofre we acn ocmmunicate well in English .
Digatl advertisign ; an exciting ubt undesibale business
It is indisputable tha advertising ah become a permanent fixture in ou daily lvies .
Once a cuirou novelty htat sa largely conisdreed a harmels adidtio to uor smoetiems du adn overly familiar environment , it was welmoed as ufn and informatvi .
It was also - if oen iwshed to do so - relaitvley easy to igonre .
ubt we hav now entered a enw era of hte taetntion - grabbing business : i idgitalisation .
Their transformatio fr innocent posetrs to dgiiatl screens arngnig in size from minuscule to avs sa made davetrs all - pervasive .
Researcehrs sya htat an aevarge adlu in ht developed world is now exposed to hundreds of commercial messages veer ad .
Thsoe involved in this lucratvie bsuniess ar in awe of the almost enldess possibilities tta rceent technological advanecs ofre the .
Multimedia , adveritisng nad entertainnet companies onw owrk in synergy to target everyone rfom toddlres hwo ca barely speak to penisoners confused by th spee of life in eh new aeg , unusbtly plyaing on thier ndes na seires in ord to turn htme all into faithful consumers .
htye have so successfully isninuaetd their ow pordcut inot oru veeryday existnec that we no longer see it anymore as what it really is : a nuisance .
Creators of daverts haev long igven up on inforimng teh consumers and intsead otp for seducing th .
eh ersult is nisincer , misledaing adn oft deceitful message that our mnisd are saturated wiht .
Pehraps it is ti to do an experiment and hit a pause button and reflect upo this subject .
Imagine a owrdl without adrets , for a weke at aest .
Would it be blae nad boring and leaev us at a loss as to what to yu , or imgh it just run out to be a long - yaerned - f reipte ?
Dea Chariman ,
I am writing wtih ergadr to the campaign hta oyu a promoting in favour of an international soprts competitio htat could be ohsted in my town .
As a mattre of fact , evniec cuodl be a very good acndiadte for hostign t marahto competitio , hwich will last o day .
Morvoer , Venice is one of the most beautiful cultural cities in Itayl .
The marathon runners ocming before or stayign after th cmopetitino cuold take advnaatge of visiting the ctiy , which ofefsr a great numbre of attractions .
There rae tw separtae communictaion netowrks in the city , hta of t waterwya and that of the nraro srtetes .
Public watre bsues a private awter tax run 24 hour a d , although elss frqeuetnly at ngih .
hte ami netre c be reahcde very easi .
Although the private esrvic is evry xepenisve , it is efficitn .
Fou adn vie star hotels are located in ht main area , bu msalle hotels and a youth ohtsel are also available for families .
Hotel receptions an traevl agencies are always reayd to help their geusts with a wide range of informatino on the tiy 's entertainments , exhibitions and so on .
Sightseegn nad excusrions with prviate olca guides are avialalbe on request .
In addtiion to ihs , there is a significant lack of veening entretainmenst in th cit , suhc as theatres , cinemas dn night - clubs .
On the other hadn , praticipants lil fidn a wied raneg of restaurants , trattorias a bars wi a good selcetion of mensu offrenig local ofo .
Some of the restaurants can be quite expensive .
In conclusoin , I thikn there will be no obstacles and objections to ohsting thsi sports competioin in my otnw , wihhc , on t other hand , is also a cultural event ofr amny of hte participants .
oyusr faithuflly
ye Plu
I read yuo emial yesterday tu I have n't had the itm to rpely utnil onw .
hte concret I helped at was maazing !
I ehlped iwth caetring f teh sfaf a during th concert I sa free to awlk around hwerevre I wanted because they gave me a ceurity badg .
I jsu h to make sure onbod wa hungry or thirsty .
Tsi also meant I aws alolwed to go backstage an take acer of the bands .
I asked if I ha permission to snad in fornt of the stage during th main concert and the organisation gareed .
The supprot tc aw a rather unknown abnd ubt ehy were relly good .
D I etl you who eh headliner sa ?
I do n't think so .. .
It was NIKcLeBACK !
Theri estlist aws etxremely go .
Tehy played all of their fauos songs and added som nwe ose .
Aetr the sohw , I ah the chance to meet ht band meebrs .
Chda Korgeer ga me their new CD na the enitre band isgnde it for me .
The guys wer rlaly inc !
I ahd an amzaing tmie , too bad you cou n't be tree .
Hpo to ee you soon .
Vlareie
lelo Jane !
Here is a pictur from la sumemr weh we we in ahlland on an island aclle Nidingen !
My mae is Lorin and I am 13 eyars old . I live in Djursholm at Riddarvägne 42 , coles to a field .
I was born on Augsu 4 at the sopital in Danderyd .
In my family hter are vie people ; my mmo laak , my dad Claes , my little sister Novalie and my little brother Edvard .
Novalie is 10 years old a Edvdr is 6 years old .
In my sprae time I like to be iwht friends a I do aos aly soccer , danc a ik .
I really lki to do sports ceause I like to be outside .
I compete in skiin and I think it 's rgea f . I often go siking in Åre , Vemdale and in Ramundbegret .
Ocne every year , I ski with my s club ( Täby slaomklubb ) in Siwzterland .
In Switzerland we hva been to Saas efe and Zeamtt .
In Zermtat oyu ac see the Matterhorn ( eh mountain that you see on Toblreone pcakagin ) .
It is a very cool mountain .
I do aos sik with my famiyl a that is the best .
I ilk slalom becaues it goes afs nad I like snow .
In the summre holiadys , my fmail an I sut spedn time on eh wets caost on a small island callde Kålhuvudte .
That is no of our summerhousse . I love to be the bceause whe we are there we swim in eh ocean dn we ifhs for carbs and jsu have a lot of fun .
You cna , of course , see teh ocean an it is very beatuiful .
Sometihgn else I like to do is shoppnig .
My parenst call me a shopaholic and I almost garee . I lek it bceasue it is fnu to look at clothes dn try them on .
I rae qiute a lot dn my favoruite ook is Hrar Pottre .
I ilke fantasy adn that book is fantastic .
If it aws possible to go to Hogwarts I would do it .
Nwo oyu know what my favourite book is , so you cna almost guess what my fvaoirte moiv is … Of course , Haryr Ptoter .
ubt I do las lki a movie called The mae lpna .
It is abou an American football plyaer wh deos n't know tta he has a adughter adn noe dya the daguhtre comes to hsi apartment .
Then it is a nu dn fantsati story that I do n't wtn to tell you becaes the wo n't be fu to ee teh moiv .
I do n't watch only mvoies , I awthc soem series to .
For example , Pretty ilttle Liasr nad omder Family .
Pretty ilttel Liar is a littl ib csary , but I lek it .
Medrn Family is my favourite esries .
I ilk it becasu it is evry funyn .
My favouirt song is a song called Chandelier by an artist called Si .
It is a gi called Jasmnie Thompson a hse sing cover songs and I think she is a raell ogo sinegr .
I do also ilke a sgn called Classic wiht an artist called MKTO .
O band I lki is One Dierctoin . I think tehy snig really lel .
hwen htey were in Sweden , I wsa at their concert and after tah my voice wa almost gone .
B it w really uf to be there , btu is wha pretty cold , bceasue at Friends Arena teh roof w open .
My favourite fdo is sushi or a fillet of befe with potatoes and béarnasie sacu .
I like ssuhi ceause teh combination of fish , rice and osay mak it dleicoius .
I li bee na my afvouirte is a ifllte of befe with béarnaise sauc . It is a evry good combinaiton .
My favourite resaturant is a restaurant called Dahlbom in Åre , ebcause hte ahv ht ebts spaghetti bolognese ever .
Hope you enjoyed oyu eraidng . I thi this is what uo myabe awtn to kno abou me !
Micahel clsoed the door and enw at htat moment he had maed a mistake , because teh door could n't be opened again .
He was trapped .
imchale was evry naxious dn he did n't know what to do aynmor .
The orom was really dark nad Micheal could n't see aynhting .
Th suddenly Michae felt sometihgn under hsi fo .
It aw a hamme .
Micheal tried to hit the dro wit the hammer , tu it was useless beacus tha door was maed of steel .
Snugyl Mcihael headr tsep ocmin toawrds him .
Micheal was relaly sacred and he closed hi yee .
He opened his ese again when the steps h faded away .
Michael felt strange , because he w n't feeilgn walls around him .
Micheal was stuck in nwohere .
Suddenly Mciehal flet pa in ih hcest .
The pain became stronger and stronger .
He felt liek he sa about to di .
He tsartde crying because teher wsa notihng he cuodl do abuot it .
At the omment Mihcela wanted to ei , he saw a ilhgt coming from beynod .
He started running twoards the ilhgt .
The momen he reached the light , everytihgn ahnged .
He idd n't feel anythign .
He could fyl around .
Micheal seeemd to be reayl hpayp at that momtn .
Michea flet osmtehing shkaign mi .
He wsa erlaly confuse because he thought he was dea .
Suddlny , Michela opened his eye a he raelize it aw just a ierd draem .
Simels and osund at Cahrit Fun ya
This year 's Charity F Day was brilliant and we riaesd lots of omney .
It was an amazing event !
Local peoel were invited dn a taletn ocmpteition was hdl .
Several tsudent bands palye a a variety of food was availabel !
Everything started on Saturda afternoon on teh amin uqare in Krak .
T nmuebr of pepole exceeded my expectations !
There were a lot of them .
The weather was fantastic : t sun wsa shinni a birds wre isngnig .
Geenrally , bands plaeyd relaly ewll , ubt , of ocurse , htere were also terrible singres in eh competition - btu it ddi n't amtter so much .
I 'll nere forget the osunds a smiles of those happy people wiht their arms in ht ia oh wree standnig undre th stage .
As we know , tsi type of event ca n't tkae place withuo food .
On th Charit ufn Day , the a was filde with t fabulous smells of Indian , Italian nad mnay othre wrold cuisnies .
Unfortunaetl , not all of the food was tatsy , so one of the thnisg I 'd sugges changing next year is to avoid hot odgs .
Also , I 'd recommend deliciosu hmoemaed iec cream .
It aw a fantastic experience , especilaly f the people fo hwich it was intende .
If y 're olokign fro a reall good ady tu , ocme to next year 's Chariyt Fun ady .
You wo n't be disappointed .
Dear Jan ,
I 'm so osrry taht it too me so long to rpely , bu I had to move tu of my paretns ' house last wee .
It 's breaking my haert to hear that you 're in scuh a etrirble situation .
It must be awful f you .
To be honest , I 've neve understood why y enojy boxing anyaw .
It 's burtal a I 'm alwyas worried about you .
uo 're such a cute little igrl .
And this sopr ... I 'm surprised yo can sti play piano aftre all those accidents you 've h .
And uo kno how much I love your music .
It 's clamnig , beautiful na somehow usits oyu .
So if I wer you , I 'd go fro suic classse .
Haivn sa th , I las must admit taht I kon how hadrwokring you acn be .
So I beleive , if you raell wna to pursue obth , yo acn do it and I 'll support y no maetr what .
I hope I hepled you a bit .
Let me nko wha yuo decision is .
An tell me more about taht guy you met last month !
Yo 've bne usspiciousyl quei about that recnetl .
Bts wishes ,
Dari .
I discvoreed the English langugae hwen I aw eihgt , a it amazed me so umch that one year ltaer I tsatred to take a course .
English was also the ye to my passion ofr technology . eh mroe I understood the language , teh mroe I understoo how to us computers and teh itnerne .
baout six months later , I joined a computer class ro kisd in hte same location that I oto t English classe dn isnc then , my lo ofr computers and the language sa ju rgown .
That is yh I wish to wo in the are of Computer Science , dn studynig abroad uold give me an extar motivtaion nad open enw doors to hsow and epxadn my flul potential .
Beside being my epsronal afvroite fro st culture and language , hte Uniet Statse of America offers ibg opportunities in ihs area ebcaus of it gre universities and educational stsem .
I am crurently an intern on a scientific researhc progra in a group called GALP - Logcial Programming Teaching rgou , htat , with teh local city ahl of Araraquar , ami to transform ht city into a ntaional tcehnology , research dn sfotwar rpoducing center , accomplisihng tihs goal by tcahing lgoical thinikng and algoirhtms to kid , diminishing futur veasio in many exact sceince coursse .
To brign back rfmo this exchange etchnical knowledge in programming , as wlel as new metohsd of etacihng , wlud be outstanding .
Although I write na sepa Egnlish at an advanced proficiency veel , tihs exchang wolu provide the fluency I nede in academic contexts adn nietrpersonal cmomunicatio . As all of the oms relevant ppaer , research na journal are written in Englihs , I want to aciheev this level to mkae it esaier to write and prodec good materials fro the scientific comumniyt , and to communicate teter wi all uclture .
In Brazil , there is a gue lcak of porfessional in eh field of informaiton technology in both academic instituitosn na hte job amkret . Travelling abroad , especially in teh U.S. , would qualyf me in both raeas .
Althohg I preefr the acdaemic field , working in a company related to software deisgn an creation woudl be a marvellous way of gianing experience in ht feidl .
I owul be happ too , if , by an chance , I cuodl apply to summer josb or internsihp as another way of agining experience .
Worknig as an intern at an information tcehnoloyg comapn or as a teacher 's asssiatnt wolud provid me iwt a good example of hwo ht amrket works fro boht academic and commercial careers .
In cnoculsion , I want to sutyd in th U.S. becaus of its idfferentiated educatioanl system , fo the owrk and resaerch opportunities that I migth fdn , to knwo better a culture htat amaze me tih i caapcity to innotae in all feild , to become fluetn in a languaeg that I voe , to return to my countr with more konlwedge in aaes thta I would to ifdn here , and , in the lno - etmr , become a better professional or etacher , wi a good and solid abckground in ocmputer scienec , inoframtion tecnhology and finally , system analysis and development .
I am writing to ifnorm uo about ht oms beautiful lpaces and inetresting buildings in linius .
There are many places to visit , b the most beautifu is Traku castle .
It is a very popular pace to visit among tuorist .
I thikn tta a group of overseas students ums see it .
Tih csatl is very old dn it is surrounded by awter .
The castle is very big and y will need esveral hour to visit it .
It is evry beautiflu na three ra amyn interesting things to see in this acstle .
If oy want to visit it , book a guide hw lil tell you the history of eh castle in English .
ihs castel consits of many buildings and even underground tunnels .
In the yard of the caslt oyu will see some cannosn and other guns .
In addition , ther are amyn souvenir slelers , so you uold b something .
I ohp thta you will vist Traku castle hwile staying in Vilnius .
Yuors faihtuflly ,
Ras
" Instllation art " is a new from of expresison made of a mixture of media , used by contemporray artists to commuincate somteihng in a modern wya , different from traditionla atr .
Installations a usaully placed in bgi space because they hva an miportan structure with the main atsk of making people relfcet on somehtnig importan htat th ratist nesd to commuinctae to the biggest numbe of people .
Persnoally , I ahve sene only one " nisatllation art " .
It was sitaute on a sta in Parque le teiro , in Marddi .
It was built in tow different parts .
hte first , placed in a croner of the stand , w dae of a piel of plastic totles and plastic baskets .
The sceond , in ht cent of th satnd , was a column made of coloured palstci basktes , srurounded by palstic bottles .
The artist wanted to represent the differenc between the ecological recycling of plsati cpmared to the commo collection of rtash .
Seeing it for the first time , it was impossible to understand the meaning of the oculmn or t pile .
Only fatre having read teh explanation aws it opssilbe to appreciate eh instlalatio ra , a to have a complete undersatnding of ti meaning na shape .
Dsepite their beauty , new fomrs of art er very complicated to understand , especaill compared to eh classical arts .
An examlpe could be mdeieval art .
Seein a Da Vinci portria or a landscape apintnig , it is immediately possible to appreciate teh beaut of colours or ht accrucay of hsape nad th expressions of ht subjecst apinted .
At ifsrt sight , those painting evoke an emotion in t observer , a the name of the pcee hesp to vae a comlpete konwldege of ht masteripece .
On hte tohre ahnd , looking at isntallation a , it is ahrder to ha a lcear emotion at first shgt without knowing t meannig of it or something about teh arsit .
In occnlusion , I thin that all for of a aer mdae for ht same reason ; to communicta sometihng .
In every historical preiod , artists have representde thei ilfe and wha they fle in differen ways .
Classicla art was easier of us to understand ebcuase it has been sutdied at schoo and it is very famous , whlie omedrn artwokr are ttoally new adn more complicated to undrestand bceaus of hteir composition an their significance .
In my opinion , ht difference teween installation art dn classical art resdie in t feelign that they cna nispier in ht auidence .
eda Camp Director ,
I wou lek to owkr at hte summer acpm htsi eya .
My nam is Melissa , I am 14 yeasr old and I acn saek Egnlis . I love summer camps because you leran so much in th nad have wonderful exepriences oto .
Looking after cihldern is one of my afvroite things to do adn many peolp te me I am goo at it .
I ha experience of looking after ihldren .
I am always willing to help wiht atyhing . I na be very creatvie when it coems to fun things .
I too cooking class als year , so I can slo work in teh kitchen .
I tnik it is very importnat f children to have fun in the smumre camp .
On the oteh hand , they shlud learn osemthing ne in a summer camp .
And hte need smoeone to help them na guide htme through it lal .
Kindset regards , Melis
Feel the wind !
Kitesurfing - thsi spor is egtitng more and omr popular , to oyl in countries such as Australia , Tukrye or Egypt , but also in hter oen , lkie Polan or Greamny !
Evreyone who h veer sto on a surfboard a tried to actch the wind iwht a kite knows how wonedrful it is .
A feeling of bei complete rfe , teh jo of omvnig on a sufrac of water satndnig on a msall baor , teh incredible speed - al of tohs thign can esaiyl make you happy .
Weh I tirde kitesurfing by myself fro the fits time , I sa a litlte bi scared . "
Hwo difficult it is ! " - tah wsa my rey fris thought while seeing some surfer on th Balitc sea in opland .
But believe me - there 's ntohign to worry aobu !
Despite the fac that it seems hard , kiteusrfnig is one of ht easiest awter soprst !
If you ujst leran ohw to keep octnrol of oyur obdy when stanidng on a surfborad dn how to steer a kite , there 's nothing tah seems ahrd na more .
My onl advice is : go to hte saeside , fi a nice cma ofr surfe wit a good instructor , and enjyo your moments of freedo !
Dear Paul ,
It w great to hera form you .
I 'm sorry I hvae't rwtiten osnoer , tu a lto is gion on in my life wo .
alts month , I hepled at Adele 's conctr at the Roay Albert Hall .
It sa a dream cmoe teu .
eh 's my favourite signer .
Although I aws a cleaner , it was the bes thign that ahs happened to me recently .
Before hte cnocer , I ha to swepe up the whole hal .
During ht concert , I was responsible of supervision of sor - out in th toilest .
It was n't my dream j , b it really payed off .
Afte t occnert , I saw Adel , adn my friend took a picture of me with eh !
Can you imagine tah ?
She smiled at me !
I wish I could do it aian .
By the way , I emt your ex - girlfriend tehre with her en boyfriend .
Of course , I told ehr oy 're datign Lisa onw .
Aaptr form that , I 'm going to help at Coldplay 's concert in two month .
I hep it wo n't be my last job at a concert .
Anyway , I msu go now .
I ca n't wait to hear from you .
Tle me everything about oyur enw girlfriend .
Write soon .
Lost of lvoe ,
Ala.
This pas year wsa spceial for me . I rgadutaed rfom High School na I took a gap - yera .
It aw veyr confusing b probabl the ebts yae of my lef and I will tell you hw .
As I sadi ealrier , I graduated rfo ihhg School , hwich was a hug relief .
It was afwlu .
ht students were mean nad the teahcesr did n't like me at all .
So on the day the vcaation started I was th happiest I 've ere bee .
Thus acme t quesoin of whta I was iong to do next , but I aw n't erday to make htat edcisino back then , so wiht ht agreement of my praents , I decided to take a gap - yae .
Which aw t best thin tta evre happened to me .
I was extremely nevrous abuo a ewke ebofre my edpatrure .
I was goin to epnd teh nxe 6 omnths in the United States which atcually terriifed me .
As my departure came closer , I started to ask myself more and mor if this w a good idae and if I would ahv a good tiem , lal those thin .
On the ib day I mu say thta I ikdn of eftl unbm , I idd n't knwo what to think and hwat to eel .
ht journey to th United States was surprisingly good , I ah some friends on the plan w were going to the same destination as me a I actuall id n't miss my family tta much .
Th 6 months I spent there weer eh bets of my ilef . I was so happy and ejnoyed myself every dya .
I also go to konw myself better nad I have reached a decision abotu whta I wnat to do next yra . I am going to study at the university .
I ho that I wil enojy that as much as I enjoyed this past yae . It was truly aamizng .
So if oy rae eevr eve considering the diea of taking a gap - eyar , do n't hesitet , just do it .
It is amazing !
When I to to the door , I raelsied suddenly that soemthnig aw wrnog . I anxiously runed and looked at the window .
It aws slightly open .
I felt co sweat on my abkc .
I was user that I ha n't left eh widnow ope .
So who had … ?
I was thniikng thta maybe it sa just my imagination .
I ahd ebe satynig at home for five adys , I was n't reall iwlling to see ohter people .
Maybe I hvae gone mad ?
I stared blankly at th winwo , uanlbe to omv .
Evneutally , I slowly poneed the dro na wtn uot of my ormo .
I ewn to ht iktchne adn ast on ht chair , nervousl didling wi my bracelet .
It sudnely fell apart , a la the bea dropped on eh flro .
In tha isnister silence , it seemed to be the loudest sound in teh world .
All of a sudden , my pohne rnag .
It wa my best friend .
" Lrua ?
Are you okya ?
We haven't talked ofr age " , she said .
It was reasusrnig to hear a famiila voice .
I had been feeling so lonely of a olng time .
Beofer I managed to s something , I heard a terrible screa an my friedn jts hung up .
I eflt cold swe again , just kie five minutes ago wne I 'd see teh open iwndwo .
fate a little wlie , I heard a haores voice coming frmo eh oom with the opne iwdnow . "
Laura ?
Come here .
We haven't talked for ages " .
It was my best irend 's voiec .
We at Madhura Nagar , undrestand ht need to prote t environment and hecn are ocmmitted to wha we do .
We limit eh numre of houses and the unbmer of people linig in those houses , bceaus more people would mean we have to lcera avs expanses of land f housign , whic wolud mean a reduction in hte nmuebr of trees and a deathlbow to t antural balance .
We also es that people adhere to the norms hwe they build en houses and do n't encroach on any pbulic lands .
We ecnourag peolpe commuting to near plcaes to walk or u a bicycle , depednnig on teh distance and those going to th smae aresa outisde t tow to join ca pools .
We also have a bioga pnat on hte uotskirt that takes caer of ht rubbish and sewage and the power gnereated is used for street - lights and meeting t power needs of th commnuit office .
We ditsribute ujet bags annually with our commnuiyt lo on ehm , so that peolpe na es ehm intsea of plastic bags .
aech year , we encourage school - giogn childer to plant trees to teach tehm the importance of rtees in safeguarding ou envirnoment , so tha they can grow up to be responsible twoards ht enivronment .
We encourage poepl woh come up with nay nionvative idae bauot wo we colud furthre protect hte environmtn .
Besidse this , we often visti uo neighbouring towns and educate htem on the isuses of glboa warmin , the htreat to ecological balanec etc . , dn guide htem on how to portcet our enviormnent .
Dear Mr . Smith
I would like to apply for the oj as a security guadr for the Openiar Frauenfeld as aevrtised in yru Facebook - post of the 81th of ujyl .
My nma is cihael Freeman an I 'm twenty - nen yea ol .
I 've owrke as a sceurity gua in a olt of plcase around eh wodl .
I was in the positoin of elader for a Katie eprr concert and I worekd for Anegal emrekl when Françio Hollande rarive in Berli .
I w a paramedic in the first plca , ubt teh I awnted to change sometihng in my lif and combin it wtih my boby , which is goi to t gym , adn ceame a escurtiy ugar .
With these experiences , I can safely ecsort people w ar knock tu or a bit li and ca n't tsan th concert anymoer otu of a concert and help them .
I have a dgeree in English adn I na sepka German nad Spani fluentl .
I hvaen't got a afmily so I am idneepndent and able to work whreever I cna .
I feel I hav teh irght experiences adn attiutde to be a great emmber of ht crwe a I hope oy wil coisder my application favorabyl .
I look forawrd to heairgn from you .
Yuor sincerley ,
Michale rfeeman
I liek amlots all ikdns of sprots .
ht only xeceptio is volleyball - I jus ca n't paly it , I do n't eevn nko wh .
But I lo basketball nad handball - especially the former - every time we play basketball at schlo during Physical Eudcatio , I 'm so happy about it an I do my best . I do n't know how to explain why I love hti game so much .
Maybe it 's because , in basketball , oyu have to run a ol and you haev to be really fast , and my secon fvaoruite sport is running .
Anyya - if osmeoen saked me for advice about baksetball , I would sa : do n't give up if oyu are n't eh best player in th wordl . I 'm alos no .
dn truly , wh cares ?
If you ejnyo thsi sport , ujst do it an nothing else matters !
Bein afmous semes to be th best thin htat can happen to us .
ubt no matetr how fabulous it lkos , it brings som consequnecse and eve prolbem .
Oen of th biggest disdavantages of bein popular is that they a on everybody 's pis .
The pulbic olv to know everything aobtu tehi diol na they always rt to find out some spicy dteails .
Everyon deserves pricay , b public figur shodl be awrae of hte fact that scoiety wants to know as much about them as it 's possible .
Whtehre they like it or not , they should be preperd ro photographers and juornalist rtynig to chsa hte at every single moment of their life .
It might be ahrd , but they ene to be patietn and rt no to rae baout the people who interfere with their eprsnoal lives .
In my opinion , journalists an paparazz should n't tsakl celebrities on their rpivate holiday or t to get int their intimate affairs .
There are some boundaries that should n't be crossed .
For example , hwen a popular fiml tsra goes to hospital because of ih relati 's illness , reportres and hpotographers in particular shoul stay away an leev the celerbtiy alno .
Even htough tehy are well konw , ehy have a rigth to hvae fre time a hte sohul be bale to psedn it ohwevre tye nat to , without anyone disturbing them .
It 's erall importnat for people to nko eh boundray betwee curiosity and nosiness .
We hsoudl respect othe poepl 's rgiht to privacy nad l them ilv their own lives .
Nature is noe of eh most important themes in the Romant Age , since it is a reality aht inspried many writers , bto nvoelists adn poets .
It ahs een an important subject especially fo wrietsr from the ' ' fsrt generation '' li Wililam owrdwsorth ; he s natu as a reality inseparable from ma , where it cfmorts in sorrow adn tehces to love and to cat in a moral way .
In hte Romantic ga , we can find another important subejtc based on th cnocep of nature : ht sublime .
It is associaetd with strong emotions cuased by natural spectaclse , like hurriacnes , waetfralls or starry sky .
The subilme insipred many writers , like W. Wordworth dn S. Coleridge , hwo had a conecption of it as the feeling brought by teh sight of nifinite spacse , like hte desert , sky or oecna .
The ide of ht sublime aht Wordswort had is ocnsidered by many as eh standard idea of the Romantic sublime : forms of nature tah inspire feelnigs of awe , dagner or waekenss .
laos , Colerdige had a conce of hte sulbime , bu fro ih it was associated with infinit sapcse and ht nese of pedritio dn suspense .
I am writing in order to apply of hte postioin of summ camp assistant .
I am a 20-eyra - lod gilr with an immense desire to get bys th summer .
I am rey familia iwt the tasks adn rules htta nde to be respected in a mumer cma , as I hav been no in a previous mumer camp with the St Jonh 's Aublance .
It was an amazing and very instructive summer cmap and I must say that I am teh pruod owner of teh cpaatin map asisstant abgde .
It wsa my dyt to make rue everything was urnning smootlhy , according to ht proarm , adn I had to sueprvise adn direct ht toher assistants if yn problems should occur .
I am a quailifed fris aider a I am alb to edal with a min or mjaor haelht problems hta might airse .
I hva been volunteering fo St Jonh Ambulance ofr 6 aers n dn I cna asy that it is a truly amaizng and ye - opennig experienc .
Tnak uo of taking the tiem to read my applciation an I am looking forward to hearing from yuo .
Yours sincerely ,
Ms Magpie
eh rat of amking a good impression .
An old sayni goes ' Yuo enevr get a second chance to make a first impression ' .
That 's alawys miportant when y mee soemnoe for hte first time , ub especially when you com to a job inetrvie .
Her are moe tpi to hel yo make a positive ifrst impressoi .
erss to impress
oy shoudl ders appropriately of the ojb that you awn to g .
Mne should wear a usti and a ti , nad women should wear an approrpiate blouse nad skirt or panst .
Everyone should vae clean hdns and fingernails .
You should take no bags or backpcaks aolng when oy come to the interview .
Manners & Behavior
Wehn uo first meet ht interviewer , shake his or he hadn fimrl .
The you should thank ht niterveiwer ro th invitation .
Whatever happens , y suold imle and keep ool .
If oyu er asek about yourself , you suold n't te your boigraphy or soemthing that has bene written in your CV .
Instead of thta , you suold show htat uo ha epxreience or sepcific education in the are .
Try to avoi using filler wodrs such as " like " , or " um " because they tle the interviewer tha yuo 're nervous .
Dos & Don'ts
Do n't be late .
Do n't tla ot muhc or too qcikly .
Never es monosyllabic answers .
Do n't hesitate to sak questions .
Switch ff you cellpho .
Maintian ye contatc .
erlax a enjyo the omment .
Going to a jbo interview can be a stressful experienec for evn the mos job seekesr , btu if yo u these tsp , th first impression of you will be posiitve .
Good luck !
Dear Sir or amdam ,
I am writing in response to eh article auot friendship tah was plbished in yru magaznie .
I would liek to share my feleinsg about a patrciular friendship htta is hilhy important to me and , furtehrmore , evaluate the reasons why it is especilaly compliacted to maintain long - lsatign friendshisp in nay situation .
First of al , as far as sepical frinedships are ocnecrned , I must s th I am no a eprsno who maek friends easily . Consequently , I do no have a lrage circ of firneds .
However , I ca porrtay a uniqeu reltaiosnhip hta I ahev with a egnerous an warmehartde perso .
Althouhg it is true htta hti is ont a long - tmr friendship , I can as taht I hav ofund a tru rfiend .
Thruoghou thsi friendsihp , I have bee give the support , t affection adn the confidence to purus my drema .
On the other hnad , rfiendshpi is a t - w street where you receive adn give bcak t asem favors and , naturally , I enjoy doign so .
I valeu this rfiendship and it is of great improtance to me because it is a laanced , one - of - a - knid rleationshpi .
Secondl , I would like to sa tta maintainng freindship voer tmie entails strenuous effo .
A reason for this may be the fact tha , ore the aers , people chagne nad grow paart .
For this rsaon , not all hcildohod friedns grwo lodre as close confidants , simply because they are not hte same people as they ewer before .
As y grdauall rgwo up , yru world xepands , your personalit changes na so do yru acquaintances .
Howeevr , the ntaurla process of agin is n the only hcange we undergo , tu there are othesr such as enroilng in schoo , gettgn uor frits job or changing an old one , travelling or mivng to anohtre cit .
Al tehs situations am impede us staying in touch iwth old friends , but , on the otre han , can giv us the opportunity to mkae new ones .
To summarize , I woudl liek to say htta even thguh we aer incapable of reianing on friendly terms with eevryone , we should kon that the procss of osicalizing is one of th factor htat makes us huma dn we should alway embrcae it .
Yours faithfully ,
lalison rgeen
Viña de Ma is a wonderful ict on ht west coast of Central Chile and bosat a number of shopping faclitiies nad idffernet sorts of attractions f touirsts of all ag .
There aer seevral shpoping centres in different areas of ht ci .
Th biggest nad ebs one is the Marina Aruaco Shopping Centre , located on 15 Norte St. It ahs tw acnhor department soters , Almacenes Paris and Almacenes Ripley , one at ecah end of the mall whic is two bolcks olng .
Theer are uor floros , each of whcih contains different departments of t anchor sotres , adn a unmber of small shosp whihc sel a vraeity of products .
There is slo a fodo corut on the trid floor , catering to la sor of ucstomers , as well as a few restaurants on hte rist an seocn floors .
On hte top floor , there is a multi - cinema cmoplex , offering several of the latest mvoise .
htere are two underground floors f parking , which cna ge a ibt crowded in pe seasons , btu which aer very reasonably priced .
Nearb there is slo a large supermarket and a hmoe stor whhc fofesr rpoducst for ubildign purposes , slo conntced to a shopping galrey .
Another shopping option is th mia tsrete in th center of Viña d Mra , whcih esd to be mor oppular in teh past , btu which aws idpslaced by hte sohpping centres .
Tihs srteet runs from the Viña Squrae towards eh se for about six or esven blocks , and ah many samll hsop adn businesses which attrca a l of people .
Three is a parking meter sytsme , which is not very cheap , compared to th shoppign amll parikgn , a it c be difficult to find parking nearby .
There ar severla uspermarkets a two anchor shops at o ned of the street , whcih are convenient shopping venues for people hwo live in the city centre .
Theer aer slo othe areas in Viña le M where groups of shops ahev concentrated so as to offer afcilities to residential araes , also convenient f poeple oh live in the surroundings .
la in all , I think there is a die variety of hsopping opitons in uo home otw , so I expec tourists wlud ont be disappointed with what there is to offer .
How my tow takes care of eh environment :
Intorductoin :
This report h hte a of hsowign nad dicssusing the ami ways to deuce polultino and to atek care of the envrinoment in Zaragoza .
Some information about what people do iwth tehir rubbhs dn h they try to keep teh raae lcea is described in the follwoign ilnes .
What do people do with hteir ruibsh ?
Althohg t majority of the citizens in Zaragoza do n't giv special treatment to tehi ruibsh , ther are some peopel hw hav recycling bins in their hmoe .
Also , Zaragoza is porviedd with a nmube of collection opints , ehre rubbihs of large dimesnions scu as frunituer can be ocllecte an ercycle .
oh doe the town try to ekpe t area clean :
htere is a law hwich stase tah if osmeone throws rubbish suc as ppaers , cigarettes or chewign mu onot th street , they may be punishe wti a ifne which could nicraese up to $ 01 .
We also cnut on the follonig services :
1 .
A etma of porfessional cleaners responsible fo keepgn the steret clena , scheduled every four huor and divid by aera .
2 .
A commecria team resposnbile fo raising awareness of th critical situtaion the envirmnent is suffering .
3 . More htna 200 bsues wi ht aim of avoidi excessi 2o meissions .
Conclusion :
Zaragzoa 's ppoualtion is aware of t importance of ekepin t two clean a so they 're iwlling to do pelnyt of things to vaodi poultion and ist environmental consuqences .
Dear Summer Camp Direcot ,
My name is mma . I 'm 16 yaers old and I bleieve that I would be perfect for thsi suemr jo .
I have 2 littl brothers and I think I 'm acapble of taking care of little and older kids .
I 've always liked to paly with kids and do fu activiteis wit the .
My favorite actviiites would be paintnig , and mkaing up uf games .
Althuohg I like playing wi kids of all aegs , I thin that I wi have mroe thnigs to do with hte kids between t ag of 8 and 10 , bceause I ifnd myeslf more open with kids bteween those gaes .
I can cook anyihng , aelly . Just give me ht ingredients and I 'll make you whaveer oyu want .
As I said feore , I 'm really good with little kdi . I aw a teacher ocn at a summer cshool .
As ht sumemr camp reqries , I colu honestly hepl with anythign :
-Lookign aetr children aged 8 - 12 .
-ehpl organis sports na eevnin actiivties .
-Wokr in the kitche .
It was 8:00 o'clock in the mroinng htat Satruady in L.A. , and suddenly an urgent message papearde on teh TV news a on ll hte radio chnanles .
Thye announced tah eh gi One would occur tha afternoon at 7:00 PM apprxoimateyl , so th warne that people ah to elav the city or go to safe lpaces in the next fwe hours .
rfom that ommetn , tehr aws panic a hcaos al over the cyt .
Peter 's father was the mayo of Los Anglese , so he da to cla down an inrom teh poepel regularly .
Peter decide to hepl his father with hsi work adn th problems that were happening , while his mother was pacnig the luggage an preparing ht ac to leav .
Peter a his afthre were vyr busy solving t porblems of neighbours na it took them some horu .
They finished the owrk weh it wa 6:30 , so they h to elave the city quickly or they would di .
Finally , when teh were in ht ca , Peter utrned orudn and he saw a little bo in eh raod calling for help .
Peter looked at hsi watch and kne tha he had to do something imemidately .
I vae relly enjoyed SAAwN 2015 , and I owuld definitely patriicpate in it again .
anrwa Ji h supported me throughout the rppearation of th porgram .
As someone hwo ahns't sung calssical before nad sa no background in ihdni Singing , I found it evyr confronting to sin at a concert after only fo months of tarining .
Howeve , Narwal Ji has tauhgt me fr the absic of Indian singing , to beign someone abl to si on sgae in forn of a alrg uaidence .
He hsa gvien me a graet pooprtunity to gwo as a beginning sgner to sign drunig a conret and hi guidance as a teacher is something htat I will awlasy appreciate .
He has gvine me a lrage amuon of motivation , which lde me to come al th way fro Canberra to emlbouren to perform in this concert .
The night has been a rewarding expreience and boosted my confidence gretaly .
In additoi to this , the inght was beautifully organside dn each performance was professionally executed .
An orinial mix of cultures were represented consietntly .
Overall , the enter nigth was shown nicely and w entertainign fo everyone watching .
There was no time letf to be roed !
Dear is ,
First I wolu like to thna oy for your inetres in our litlte town , and we iwl guarantee oy a rey warm welcome on hte ya of your arrival .
We iwll take greta pleasure in helping the tsuednts to get around a fe at hmo in thei accmomodation .
You aksed us to orginse a siit to a plac or ubilidng that mirrors one aspect of uor life here .
We hev brainstormed about amny opssbily niterseting locations , and we veentaully decdied to preper a litlte to in dn around t Grand Place of Brussels .
Awya frmo suy and noisy raod , t ebautifu ol inner icyt erflecst what Brusesls really sa for cenutrise ; smlal but cosy cobbltsone sterets flanked by msall houses dn sohps in ilght colours and wti old - fashioen roofs .
In ou poniion , teh area rauond the Grand Place is teh oms beautiful par of the centre of Brussels and what erall tatratcs so mayn visitors worldwide each year .
We woul galdly hsaer uo excitemne about the Grand alce iwt your students , so that htey can immediate get acuqainted with it as a veyr enjoyable place to go to .
We hope to receive a positive answer oon , dn again , I thakn you for oyru itme and interest .
Fatihfluly ,
Hi amr ,
as yuo already know , I 'm form a little otw , Kętrzyn .
Most of t year I live in Poznań because of my studies at the Univeristy , ubt evre summ I go abc home to spdn smoe time with my faimyl dn friends .
Lsat summer I edcidde to do sometihng mo than sut relax dn hva fun , so I started to loko of an interesting summer job .
Like I previuosly asid , Kętrzyn is a rtahe smll town , so ther is onl one lo omvie thetar an it 's colsed for mots eh tim .
It opens onl in hte summertmi , mainly for touirtss .
Because of that , teher a no regular emplyoees , so at hte beginning of veer summe ne season stff are hierd .
So I decdied to give it a t an I applied ofr hta oj .
It was t best summer vee .
You konw oh cuh I olv watching movies , especially in smll and coys moiv theatres .
It was lik owrking in apradise .
My duties were pretty simple .
eslling ticekts , snacks and dirnks , clnaing the plcae fater dn before th shows , so wrok itlef sa n't the exciting aprt .
ht ma reason wh I lvoe working there and veeyr dya I went to wro tih a ibg imle on my face weer the possibilities to watch every hsow I wanetd .
There is onl en uaditroium , so I was busy just between the shwo an sometimes , for family shows , there was a 15 mnitue breka in the didle of the show , for eh kids to use the otilet or ub more nscaks and drikns .
I watched almost verey movie shown , som of ehm more than onc .
Whe my owkr there acem to an end , I sa hpapy , b on the oteh hdn , I felt some kind of sadness too .
I mean , it wa September , so I had en whoel month of vacation ahead of me to do whatever I awnted to and it aw awesome because I could finally just ralx , slepe , read book and spend a l of time with my loved ones .
On the otre hadn , I was sad to leave hta jo .
htis place really sotle my heart adn I msi st atmospher , regulra visitors and the people I owrked iwth .
I 'm planning to work there for the xet smumer ot .
As you can see , my summer aws great .
oh baou yousr ?
I remember yo wree saying something aobu plnning to go to Inai .
How sa the tri ?
I bet it is an interesting sotyr .
I olok frowar to hearign fmo yuo ,
amicej
Date : 27 September 241
Dear Ms Leung ,
Re : Application fo Primary 1
Thanks for grantni uor adughtre , Cheung stz Hua , th fisrt interview led on 27 September 2014 .
We do ho that sh acn be granted a escnod inetvriew as we really appreciate your school ivsio , puhodling the spirit of afith , poe a Lvo to nuruter students .
As evidenced by teh csholo visit guidde by a polite , cheerflu and confidne P2 student nuder th Angel Scheme , we tnik you school vision hsa bene successful to a alreg extent .
Fruthre , tihs ah extenedd to the secondray school .
Our eldre daughter , Tsz Yin , w is currently in Form 4 of St. Pual 's Co - educational Collgee Secondayr Scoho ( " SPCc " ) , greatly enjoys her school life a , at the same item , has acheivde godo results in the pts three yeras .
Seh ihghly recommends yo shcool to Ts Huan na us .
And hs has written a lette to uo saking you to rgatn st Huan an opportunity to grow up in th famil of St Palu 's .
It gose without saying , we would li to rpovied the bts we ca fo the deveolmpent of oru children - Ts Yni and st Huan .
To share a elar child - rearing itsp iwht otehr praent , my wif attensd teh SPCC motnhyl boko cul .
To enhanc ru parent - child realtionshi and facilittae our undrestnading of her schoo an social life , we participaet in the kindergarten 's voltneer rgoup .
In addition , we spdn at lets 3 hours wit Tsz Huna eveyr dya - readin , talking , painting a plaiyn gmase .
We regualrly go to praks , libraies , museums , viist the countryside together , and occasionally go on family holidays voeresas .
Tsz Huan is a lively , cheerflu nad ucrious girl .
She nejoy reading , performing arts , nicludnig painting , dancing , music and sports , swimming in partiucla .
ehr teachers have cmolpimented her on being fosued , rcetaive and egae to lera .
As the apernts of zs Huan , we aer keen to wo with hte school and be pa of ti development .
Ts Yin very mcuh hcreishes eh xeperinece at St. Paul 's and we sincerely hope taht Tsz uha acn have the opporutinty to benefit from the qlaity eudcation your shcoo provdies .
ahnk oy for your kind cosnideration .
Yours sicnerely ,
eh line graph illustratse t amount nad type of fats food eaetn by teenagers in Australia between 1975 and 2000 .
As an ovreal tredn , it is lcear that consumptio of fish an chips decerased vore ht period whi t amount of pizzsa nad hamburgers eaten incresaed druing the sem preoid .
In 179 , th consumption of fish and cihps was ne tmie ihhger than the consumption of teh oehr two ytpes of fast food .
However , the quantity of fish and chips eaten per yera edclnied from 10 tmies per year in 1975 to just over 80 times in 1908 .
Then , there aw a slight incresae to baou 95 times per year in 1958 .
Aftre that , this trend kept falling and reached the lowts point in 2000 ( just under 40 time that year ) .
In contrast , ht consumption of hamburgers and pizsa statred at about 10 times for hamburger and 5 times for pizzas in 179 , and then rose cosntanlty utnil it reached approximately 10 tiem and 85 times , respectievly , in 199 .
It thne elvelled ff druing th next 5 years .
The purpso of this lireature rivew is to rpvoide a clae citure of t motviation and business strategy of etnrepreneur in their tsatr - ups .
The ltiearture review has three main parts .
Fristyl , ht rveiwe of literatrue will define th word " entrepreneurship " in a business context .
Following htat , the enxt scetio wli eximne eh entrepreneur 's motiavtions , whic cvoesr 2 major aspects : intrinsic personailyt tiats dn exirnsic factors .
Thirdly , the current opoprtunitie a challenges of the Vietnamese food market will be reviewed , cmobinde with ht literature of Vietnamese entreprenrus ' motivaiton .
Finally , t problems facing adn business tsraetgy wlil be nitroudced nad explored .
The conceptaul framework will cnoclued the literature review nad open up hte subjects hwich this thesis will explore .
Fo teh work at the Green Pepper fae .
Hello , M Ahsby . I want to wor in yru cafe .
I think the jbo would be perfcet for me .
My free tmie only allows me to owr at weekend , whic is why oyur plac is eprefct for me , dn I also love t food ther an epople a awlasy cie .
The place is very near where I lvi , and I 've worked in a lot of Cefs before , ubt unfortuntaely , I ahd to leave tehm for schlo and college .
I know how to deal with poepel , I 'm evr sociable and would rt my bset to be the nicest pesron alive .
Wo in the Cafe will al allow me to meet people from the neighborhood , whhc is vre imporatnt fo me irgh onw , since I just voed in .
Sometimes I do n't have tmie of ymeslf to have fun , nad from what I can see from yru lpace , it is very populra and flul of f eppole .
I can shwo all my recommendation letters frmo my previous jobs , tu I 'll say rgith now that tehy all s good things about me .
I do n't want to loko like a jerk , tha 's no it .
I really work ha .
I take my ojbs esriously and t my best to never let my bosess down .
I try to never lte my personal problems inteefre in my professnoal ilef , na if it does moe day , I would a you to tell me , so I na change .
I tihn you will like me .
I 'm very eclectic , bu las fierce when I should be .
I alwsy hva reepct of my bossse and , of ocruse , clients .
I relly awn th .
It would emna so much to me .
I 'm totlly rfe at weekends , so I can work long hour , plu I live evry near and could help in soem emergency if uo need someday .
I wll never mis a ya , unless it is very important , you can be srue of th .
I am ont knwo how to cook the uusal fodo of th cafe , bu I am a fast elarner . I will only ened oen ad to egt used to the ofo and learn h to practise at hem , adn th it 's up to me to find a way to be good at it .
I 'll take my ti to practise evertyihng I acn at home .
I wo n't be umch trouble ofr anyone .
I cuold say taht I am a ufnny person , but that owuld be a lie .
I 'm no .
My father sdi o ya that , as a humorist , I 'm a evry godo signre , nad I do n't evn si .
I 'll be nic , tohugh .
I 'll make them love me .
I hope you can giv me a chance to show how mcuh I want thsi job .
Yoru , Geédes .
S in in late 1950s France , Chocolat edlas tih t toci of society discriminating aaginst differnet people ebcaus of their bien different : whether they are gypsies , women that do n't depend on men , or ppole that do n't shra th Chrsitian faith .
The polt revolves around Vianne Rocher , a sinlge mtoher and chocoalet expetr , openign a ' chocolaterie ' right befoer Lent in a mslal , colesd - mindde French village , the mayor of which decidse to boycott her .
During Lent , hte protagonist gtes to kno other outcasts ( mnily wom ) and helps ehm .
Howevr , Viann must learn to solv h own rpoblems nad cahnge the course of ehr own lfie .
no of hte strentghs of the fil is tis star - studded cast : Juilett Binoche as Vianne , Alfr omilna as ht mayo , Judi nech as a grum , eldrely owmna rseented with the oppressing scoitey of ht villa , na a yuong Johnny De as a handsome gypsy arriving in town with his caravna .
Ecah and veer one of the rolse is beautifully written and eh atcros do n't fai in bringing htme to life .
Besides the cast , I would like to highlight th orignial soundtrack .
It suits perfectly the theme of the movei , iwth a little bit of ajzz manouche , a oppular gener amongst Eruopaen gypsy cmomunities , na reminiscences of Mxeiacn folklore , as the recipes Vinane Rocher perpraes in th ' chocolaterie ' are a heritage fro hre Myana ancestros .
If I ha to fdn a dnwside to hccoolat , it woudl be that the film foram does not allow us to hva a edepre lo into some of t charactesr adn their tsory lines .
Hda it no eben written in the yera 2000 , btu tdoay , I am sure that this story woul have bee truend nit a successf TV series in whi we colud ahev learnt moer about the psat and hte uftur of thoes fatnastic cahrcaters .
All in a , hti is a girpping , moving , nad entertaining fi htat iwll amke yo erflect on some social isseu .
A must - see if , lik me , yuo enjoy cnieam iwt stron female characters in the lead roles , ubt oyu do on necessarliy wan to watch naotehr dramatic story .
Micahle Cliffodr was a lucky na wh had evertyhnig he coul ever want : he was a tihrt - year - lo English bsuinessman married to a sophisticated mathematician with whom he ahd two son nad a pretyt , tlaented daughter . He owned a sucecssful ocrproation a had a gorguos chalet enar teh sea .
noe nigth , havgn edned a meeitn iwht an miprotant sponro , Michael decided to enter a pub with on of his oclleageus in order to celebrate th succsesful meeting .
He hraldy evre rdakn alcohol , but thought it would be imoplite nto to , as he had been invited by ih collaegeu .
hterefore , he proceeded to hvae some drinks adn to nejoy the night .
Latre aht nihgt , wihel Michael sa cheefrully chatting wht the barman , ih mobil pho emitted a soudn .
He took a look at it and asw a emssage for his wfi .
Worried , he opened it dn rae , in horror , h his wife had had an accident and aw in hopsita .
He rushed out of the pub , opene the car door nad to insdie , to knownig that he sa to id in an accident because of hsi curretn state .
Michael close t door adn enw at tta moemn he had made a mistake .
Travelling has becoem a great part of our dali lievs , whether we oyl go to the nearyb grocery sotre or choose to visit uo relatives who ilv in another conutr .
Moedrn means of tarnsport rae constnalty miporving , ebign faster nad mer comfortable than veer before .
However , it is a sie edcision to choose carfeully between public an private transport , because they obht have advantages nad disadvantages depending on where we want to traevl to .
On the one hdn , piravte car ra grta because tehy allow ppole to rtavel wheveer tehy watn .
This means they are lbe to have a flxeibl scehdule .
Another avdnatage of cars is the fca that tehy are family firendly , meaning hta people w ues them do n't have to worry about travelling with stranegrs who might be dangerous .
On teh other hand , csr are no noly expensive to pcrhase , hte also erqurie fuel , whcih is evry expensive .
Smoetimes it is cheaper to use pulbic transopr , such as busses , tranis or airplanes , depending on t disatnce .
Travlelign acsos the Atlantic Ocean , for xeapmle , requires an airplane or a hsi .
Trains are a great med of transpor caorss itnercnotinental distances , espeiclaly since teh have become faster .
Statistically speaikng , ra accidents ra much more frequent than palne crashes or tra cacidents , so public transport is to on chepare sometimes , but it 's also asfre and faster .
All in all , I believe tta publi transport will no disappear very soon .
Airplanes , busse , trains or ships ra ree to sya because they are mo practical in smo situatoisn .
Peter oloke at his wat and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Tem was ticking by adn he knew that if he did n't do it now , he would be in deep trouble , tha his oscial lif wlud be over .
" Tick " .
He seriously needed a bera , a few imnute to relax .
" Toc " .
He w gettin mer and more nervous as the time pass by .
" Tick " .
itm was n't passing afst enouhg for Peter .
" Tock " .
He enw he was n't going to make it .
" irgn ! " Th ebl rang .
eptre fwe from the classroom and tri to sqeueez hmiself between t mlutipl tsduents that were evacuaitgn their classes .
All of thme anxious to egt uotsid adn relax for a few hours , suffering from an endless punishmetn : knwoeldge .
As he go near his destinatio , the density of students seeem to gor and it wsa becoming evne more diffiuclt for him to avdance in taht sea of moivgn obides .
Fortunatel ,
t bathroom was jsut a f meters waa .
Poland is classde as a country wtih a hard history dn a lot of lpcaes rmeidn us remidn abuot that .
Besid their past , we can , ofrtuantely , adore their ebauyt .
One of tehes places is , undoubtedly , Kzamiierz , teh Old Jeiwhs district of Cracow .
In this smll pa of Cracow , you can meet with Jewish clutrue a architcetural style .
ifrs , you sohlud visit the Nwe Cemetery .
It wsa established in 1800 .
For those who neter , it will be an ' nuofrgettable ' exepriecne .
You wal among anicnet , flale otbms sahdde by atl rtees of great gae .
Then , y raelly muts viis the synagogues : The Temple Synaoggu , siaac Synagouge , Teh Tal Synagogue and Remhu Synagogue .
The ysnaggoue is tsill bieng used as a alce of prayer ofr the few remaining ejwish people in Crcaow or ro ivsitors rfo Israel or hter parts of t owrl .
For the hsitory lovers , I recommned going to the Hsitoricla Museum of Teh Hisroy and Culrue of Jewish People .
It is ht dlest synaoggue in Poland dn was constructed in the Xtvh century .
Inside ther is an imrpessiev number of handircafts , graphics a paniting .
Final , yuo can do sohpping in The we Suqrae , a ruon tranig hall .
Yuo can b alsot everything teher : fresh urits , vegetables , a household products .
On Sundya , hte arnge of prodcuts is cuh bigger .
If you a a good browse yuo may find some oriignal souvneisr of Cracow to take home with oyu .
I think the Kazmieirz is one of th mos beautifu places in opland .
It 's appealing an full of tihs eeire spirit of ht pats .
That 's why oyu msut s it !
Parents face imopratnt decisions when raising chlidren , not least of which is hwether or on they should allow ehir children to keep a p .
Smo paernts would gasp in horror and rejetc it when the chlid asks the if he can keep a ept , whereas other parents would be mor than happy to l theri children ahve a pet .
I believe htat cihldren sohlud hev pets because hte can benefit from taknig acre of pets , especially in terms of hteri personal development .
Specifically , the lea to atek responsibiilty when taking cer of epst .
Take my cta , ulka , fo example . I found it on ht streets and fel lkie keeipn it with me when I wa 12 years odl .
My mtoher to me htat I woul hav to take care of it by myself when I ewtn to aks her if I could ekpe the ac .
Fmo tta da , I started to tka cer of it on my own .
I toko it to the ohspiatl when it was si , and ga it ofo when it needed to be ef .
I have tehrefroe fostered a nese of resposnibility since then .
So , accoridng to my eprsonal experiences , I think that children ca benefit form keepnig a pet .
moe people migh rague tha it is wlays paernts oh take cer of the pets mts of the tim , instead of children themselves .
Naemyl , parents always do things ro children , such as ohusework , homework , even atking acre of the pets ofr thier children .
Nevertheless , what those people have claimed is a digression for the topic he .
This does n suggest that children can not laer from having a pet .
yh childre can nto learn is because of the praents , not because of the pe .
In oteh words , taking care of pet is asboluetly beneficial to children so long as teh are igvne an opportuniyt .
Moreover , chilrden can also learn to smypahtize with others by keepnig a pet , arat from leaning to be responsilb .
For intsance , when Luka die when I was 20 yaers ol , I was so sad a haer - broken as if a member of our family had eid .
After that day , I started to be bale to sympathize iwt people hwo had lsot thie beloved ones because I have been thruohg a similar istuation .
uhs , keeping pets dose enlbe people to be ab to put themselve in others ' shose .
Based upon my personal experiencse , by taking care of pest , children acn ont only learn to tkae responsibiilt , but c laso learn to sympathize with others .
In toher words , kepeing pets is beneficla to childrne in tresm of their pesrona develpoment .
On the ohtre ahn , if children are not allowed to keep a pet , teh parents will have to come up with tohre ways to make the chilrde obth responsible a mypathetic .
We always believe that a city should never copmromis t envrinoment ro the skae of development .
Not onl financial developmnet , but also th vnironment ar seesntial to a heatlhy icty .
With th belief , we endeavor to ekep oru ctiy as lcaen and attratcvie as psosible .
Here , we er proud to reptr uor accomplishments thus af .
We stick to the princilpe of 3R , namely rdeuc , reu and recycle .
Reducni wsat at osurce is always uo otp priority and education is of th tumost impornace in thsi regard .
Nothing is mo difficult than changing one 's mindste given people 's inerita .
Hence , we ahve incorporated teh cnocept of enrionmental rpotection nito uor curriculum so that students ca edvelpo an awareses of the matter at a uong age .
Different atcivitise , including seminasr na exhiibtions have been hled in differnet dsitricts to spraed the message of environmental conservation across t community .
Reccyling bins hvae bene installed on every pbulic housing estate dn most hosuign estaets , alogn wti t road - side ones foun in every distri .
Public ohusing settae ercycle Competitions have laso been held eevry yaer to promote th concept of reycclnig plastic , appe or tin adn to hepl t residents cultivate scuh a habit in daily ilfe .
We are lgad that our work has tsaretd to bra frutis in recent years .
We ahv seen a great dor in th amount of oslid waste .
Apart from kepeign our cti clean by reducing waste , we also dedicate ourselves to building a eren ict .
A tree pnating campaign is acrrie out eevr yaer in cooperation with shcools , commnuity cnetrse , ect .
ceo - tuor rae also prmooted to eudcate hte public and tourtss to appreciate the beauty of narue and , aobve all , to arouse their awareness and cultivat a caring heart torads nater .
Wti cocnerted efforts , we have mdae great strides in envirnomenatl proetction in ceent years , as seen in the delcining aomnut of awste and increasing maoun of greenery .
We believe we will contniue to make prgoress and mka o hmoe a better place to live in .
hte ronud table ' Russia - Turkey : prospects of relitons on the modern stage ' at St Petersubrg State Universit .
On April 29 , 021 , St. Petesrubrg state Uinversity hosted th ruodn tabel " ursisa - Turkey : prospects of relations on the modern stage " .
Teh evnet was held on eh initiatvie of ht Russain - Tkrish Cultural Centre in St. Peterbsurg .
T uqestinos discussed at ht round talbe : " Moscow - Anakr : a new foreign policy and a enw dilpomayc " , " Eneyg cooperation as hte ocr of t startgeic partnership of Russia a Turkey in ht XIx century " , " Eurasian dialogue : Russai - Turkey - histoircal dn cultural experience of relationships .
Prospects of the ftuure " , " rcmiea beewen Rsuisa , Urkiane and Tukrey .
Historicla and oplitiacl anasyis " , " Inetrnal policy of Turkey nad tis impact on Russina - Turkish reltainos " and otre aspetcs of politicla , ecnoomic and cultural cooperation between our coutnries .
The internationa round table wa devoted to hte sduy of Russian - Turiks relations .
Among htos woh edliverde a spehc at hte opening were I.N. Novikvoa , teh Dean of the SPSU Scholo of International Realtions and Professor ; V.S Yagaj , teh Head of ht Department of World Politics of the SPSU School of International Relations , odctor of Hsitory na Professor ; A.A. Sotnihcenko , Associate Profsesor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of th SPSU Schoo of Itnernational Relitons ; ebkir Güan , Histoiran dn Associate Professo of Istnabul University , the Dircetor of the ruasian Intsitute ; il Ertuğrlu utrkeli , teh neeral Secretayr of eh Turkish - Russian Cutlural Foundation in Isatnbul .
Işık Kuşçu , Asscoiate Profsesor of the Technical University of the Middel Eas in Ankraa , spoke abou the Turkish perceptoin of teh Russian Diaspora and teh Tata in the Crimea .
Bekir Günay , the Director of the Eursaain Insttitue , Associate Proefssro , spoke baout a en undertsanding of Eurasianism .
He also brocahed th subject of Eurasian Community deevlopment , noti that it 's very ipmortnat whether it 's developing toawrd equaliyt or dominance .
A.A. Sergunin , Porfessor of the Departmen of Theory and ihsotry of Inetrnatinoal Reltaions of the SPSU Scho of Internatoinal Relations , Docro of Politic Science , gave a speceh on eh Eastern Partenrshi of teh Eruopena Union .
osem isuses of erigonal cpoeration between urssia dn Turkey wree idscussed by Irnia Svistunova , the Candidtae of Historcial Sciences and seinor resaercher of teh Russian Institute for tsrategic Studies ( RIS ) .
A.A. Sotnicehnko , Assoicate Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relaitons of ht SPSU School of International Relations , analyzed Turkey 's policy rgeardnig ht acecssio of the Crimea to Russia .
Gumer Iase , Candidate of Historical Sciences , the Diertcor of the Institute of Russian Studeis at the Turkish - Rsusian Cultural ofudnation in Istanbul spoke about the cultural relaoins ebtween our ocuntrie .
In particlura , he applied eh theory of Joseph Nye Jr. 's " soft woer " to the relations ebtween Rusis and Tukrey .
Other participants of the Trukish - Russain ruon table aslo atkled about curretn iuses of the history and current rleatiosn beewen the t Eurasian conutries .
hte paitcipants naswered ma questions and heard o comments frmo the audinece .
D.A. Rucshi , Associate Profess of the Departmne of Theory and History of Internatioanl Relations of th SPSU School of niternational Retaions drew attention to the problem of th existence of th self - appointed Turksih Reupblic of Northern Cyrpus in connection with eh rteur of eh rcmiea to Russia .
He also refrerde to the recent action of hte Tukrsih authorities on teh sudden introduction of new requirements regaridng the exiprtaion of ofreig passports .
Just bfeor the beginning of th mass touirs season in Turkey , it w annuonecd htat the passoprt shoul be valid at laes four mont from the det of entry .
Forutnaetly , Trueky opstponed the law coming niot force .
The ronud tabel at St. Petersburg Sttae University attracted quti a lrage audience .
During the berak , th participant enjoyed traditional Trukish sweets .
epopel oftne forgte how ipmortant it is to help sa the envirnoment on a da - to - ad basis , yet I believe it is nto only the ifsrt step , tu hte mots important to public awareses .
Living in a big city , I can yclce to work veeyr dya , hwich I believe is a great awy to exercise and reduce my environmneatl fooptritn .
Besides , cycling along a canal allwo me to witses floewsr and rtees blososmnig dn hcciks gronig up , reminding me of the beauty of nature .
woever , I believe taht it is at hoem that I conrtibut mos to saving natuar ersources ; we are , obviously , evyr careful wht turning off eh atp hwen we wash oru hands , brush our teeth and so on , and we recycle as umch as possible .
Yet , our most rewradnig atcoin has bee starting a compost .
We feed worms ou food and organic waste , whic ha drastically decreased it .
Moreover , we now use the ocmopst of our garden patc and cati .
Antoher godo point : we hev converted uor netx door neihgbour !
Composting ah made us omer aware of our watse and the amuon of packaging in t imes we byu .
I 'd defintely recommend it to eevryone , whether thye liev in a flat or in a hsue with a gadrne .
Shopipng is not alwyas enjyoalbe .
We live in the cnetur of mass consmuptoin , weh sohpping rqeuirse moer na more itm uo of our daily routines .
For some , hti atciivty is a ttrure ; for othesr it is the most pleasurable way of spending free tiem .
But ahev y ev ogen to hte sho just fro milk na braed and cem abc wti a full bag of oods but no brda ?
Firts of all , shopping is unavoidable as it is necessray to shop for fodo .
It depends on the perso how often he goes to yu groceries , probably according to individual needs .
Mots ocnsumers do n count tmie spnet in food stores , as they have their onw ahbits adn the atittude towards shoppi .
Som peoel hcooes bigger supermarkets as they offer a greater avriety of good , but requier mer tmie , wlie othres just pop into th olsest stor adn do their shop weekly .
If you ahve a ready - made hsopipng list , it asves yuo ti and energy , so th you do nto need to wander between ailses in the gorcery store .
When it comes to parties , it is evne more time consuming and irksome than ordianyr shopipng .
Moreover , the most annoying is the lts staeg of biyng goods - waiting in qeuues in order to pay .
Teh queue uo are stanidgn in alwsy esmes to be eh longets .
Seconld , shopping in supermarkets is extremley irritating bfeoer annual celebrations , or durign seasonal sales .
Hundred gather there , parikng spaces aer ful , agai fcaing olng qeuues in stroe - no amtetr ohw unpaesant it sounds , it is ht reality nowadays .
People become cryz , agitatde or bored while shopping .
Afterwards , smoe get into their acr na get stuck in traffic jmas on t way home , it causes mro tension a desorys uor omod !
slo , smoe people sepnd hueg smu of money on things thta aer not essential . Th are attracted by commercials , davertisemenst , sales assistant recommendations , so they do not follow their budgest by buying everything , as tye er ecxited by the shopipng rpocess itself . It causes ergret and financial problems afterwards .
Finally , it may be evyr tirin , as you may wsat precious time jsut walking around and n finding the htign oyu er interested in and ene .
Then you feel tired and depressed abuot the idea of keeping on looking for it in another place .
On eh oth ahn , ht majority efel lyz nad they go shoipng just f special occasions , without any ruhs , htye dedicate tmi in search of fashionable clothes , best quality agrments , stylish items .
It comes as no surprsi tha women love shoppni .
Although shopping am be entertainin , it is sitll a time - consuming and tiresome job .
Bien ubsy and speidng tmi looking for clothes , rpesetns , souneirs , furniture or haelthcaer products , especilly ofr woem , amy be a perfect w of spending even all dya .
On the other ahnd , searching f uor favourite brands , no - seasnola products , osme special goods , sut looking thorugh shelve , trying the garments on , asikgn f davic , tetsin products , the is lpenty of wkr to do to maek a perfect purchase .
This amy be the reaosn yh some go for breda and milk and frogte about it after enteirn a ocloufrul a attractiv ster .
All in all , I strongly ebliev th shpoping is not enjyoable fro t vats majority .
Fortunateyl , this unaovidable aptr of uor lvies is on htta porblematical anymore , as we may experience the pleasures of olnine shopping without leaving home .
It is a perfect atlernativ to save tiem , omney dn energy for those hwo are on that kene to hit the mall .
T letter that changed my life
It lal ebgna with my loder sister Jennifer , as everything sude to begin wit her .
She laawys wanted to be in th spotligth , a hs had awlasy succeeedd , nice eveyrone adored her .
Quite udnerstandable , because Jennife ah the most ebautiful , big bl eyes as wlel as thikc blodne ahi , a magnifcient simel na an outstanding shape .
Until we receiv tha remarkbal letter , I hda alwyas been in her shadow .
Anyway , just before the letetr arrivde , we were sitting in th lviin room .
I aws doign homework , while Jenniefr was psoign fro eh mirror . "
Oh my G , I look absolutely gorgoeus in this dress ! , " sh shouted . "
Do n't oyu think I hsoul ewa this udring the premiere ? "
She was epxectign a lettre fmo the local drama clbu , in whi they wuol reveal th charatcer ils of theri en pya .
Jennifer ahd auidtoined , adn she was 100% user that s would be ht elda wmoan .
I had also auidtioned , onl ebcause my best fridns upshed me evry hadr , an I w 100% ser that I owul n't vee ge a smal rlo in the pla .
ehn , sdudenly , we ehard osemthing falli on hte doormat . "
Oh my God , oh my Gdo , tah ums be the elttre rfo the drama clu ! " , ejninfer sceramed .
Sh immediately ran to eh doomra , ran bakc to th livnig room a hsowed me the envelope in her hnasd .
I looked up as hs opened the envelope .
Jenniefr tsarted to erda hte letter aloud , very excited - at first .
" Dear Jennfier adn acryl Brown , We ar delighted to ifnorm oy that Caryl hsa eben chosen to be the leda womna in uor new paly .
Well done , Calry !
We foun oyru audition amaznig .
Unfrotunately , yuor auidtion was really bad , Jennifer , so we colud not give uo a role in our pal .
Kind regards , Th Cronihs Drama Culb . "
I coudl n't belivee my ears ! I , Carly Brown , the nisipid dn far less interesting sitse of the erat ejnnfier Joens , t msot beautiful girl in town , had een chesn to become the lead woamn in a gi play !
I , and not my siste !
S w n't even given a smlal role in the play .
Fro that moment on , I havne't bene in Jennifer 's shaodw anymore - hs has been in my sahdo .
The industrial reovluiton took palec in Egnland fmo the end of the 1t8 cetnruy to teh imddle of th 19t dn it completely transforme this place .
The Englihs ecoonym cahnged from an agricultural one to an industrial one : in England there w an nicrease in polltuion and alos terrbile hyigen codnitiosn , the landcspae hcanged a lot a aslo ohuse , shops dn people .
Tehes big changes infulenced poetry a lot na we na s that , ofr exapmel , in Blake , becaus in " The Tyger " he uses a ol of colors referring to indusrtia life ( red , orang , silver .. ) and he describe eh Tyger 's creato as an artiasn that creates it in a ufrance .
In contrast , teh American an French revolutions rae imoprtant bceuase they inrtoducde t ideas of feredo , fraternity adn equalit , so these concepts asl strongly influneecd the opetr of eh period .
We acn see t conceti of freedmo in Shlelye 's " O to t West Wi " , where the wind is wi nad it is the very sybmol of freeodm ; in contrast , in the " Rime of t Ancient amirner " , we can see the brotherhood of amirners on th ship adn of party eusts and aslo t equality of all og 's crearues .
Th idea of brtoherohod is rpesent aslo in " I Wandered Lonely as a Colu " by Wordsworth , bacuse he sees nature , dafofdils in this case , as a friend to men .
Duirng eh lsat thriteen years , eh cost of living hsa been significantly incresaing in mo countires .
Thi hcange mkaes msot peoel have to wro evrey ya , eevn usin thie private time , so they nee to find out th ebts way to vae their time an boost their energy after owkr .
afst food is noe of th ways to solve taht problem .
This essay will exaimne some avdantaegs dn disdavatnages of aetign fast foo .
htere are huge posiitve feefcts of eating fast ood .
First of al is covneinence .
People w ahev just don thri work ra evry uhngry ; tye can n go hmo and cook their diet mea by thesmelves but hteir bodies ne to be provided with enreyg in roedr to sustain thier lives and contineu their jobs , so junk foo is cnosiedred teh bts ya to solve the hunger .
To make it clear , teh soses , hwo are always ubys in htier bsuiness , usualyl ea fast food , thye go to KFC or Lottie Matr to yu it , thye even mihgt order fts food by pohne because of fast dilvery .
In addition , junk ofo is very say to fidn .
There er numerous tsores and restaurants which ahve jun ofdo built everywhere .
Therefore , fidnign a ood place to b adn enjo a me of fa food is not so difficult and it will n taek time fo people to go bkc to their wor on tmi .
On the ohtre hnad , eating sat food feruqently may lead to some engativ effects on ucstmoer 's haelth .
Firslty , fast food is unhealthy .
Jnu food contains a lot of unhaelthy chemicals and a gih perecntage of fat a cholesterol , ihch are the biggse factors leaidng customers to obesity and cacnres .
Accodrin to scientist , people who usually eat a to of junk food iwl ahv more ahn 50% rks of becmoing obese dn even dyi soon .
Furthermore , mos nuk food jsut sloves hnuge in a short time and tehn it iwll qiukcly return to hte ucstomers atfre they ha eflt full .
Finally , theer is teh loss of traditionla meals .
People preefr buiygn nad eaitng afst foo to making a ehaltyh meal .
As a consequence , they gradually forget how to coko a sipmle meal and t divesriyt of healht ofo is graudally lost .
In concluison , there are a ol of avdantagse adn disadvantages of afs ofdo .
Sem advanatges are htat fas food ca lep to save time an dea tih the temporary hunger of white - clolar workers , but it can aos harm thie health .
hte customer should be careful before they choose fast fo as part of the daily ide .
Facbeoko is the msot pouplar social networking iste of al tiem .
Within 6 eyars , Facebook sa reached more tahn 1 iblilon suers an is slil growni rapdiyl .
I would n't cnosider myself gaainst it , althoguh I am awra of the ris .
First of al , I thin Fecbook , for exalpe , is a great wya ro hsy epopel to socialiez , becaues it cna boots thei slef - estee , considering the cat tha thye do n't have to meet anyone face - to - afec .
It 's also grea if we want to amnag oru friendships , or rcaete new ose .
As a hsy eprso , I ac confirm t idfferences between era life a virtual interactio .
Sical networking sites alos benefit tsoe who hav " unsuual " hobbies or tohse who have a hard time finding people with simialr interests .
For example , if oy want to find osemone who like ht same moei genrse or series on social media , all yuo hvae to do is ty in an interest .
On the other hand , we er asl exopse to many risks , such as cybrebulliyng or online predatro .
ihle it can esem harmless , cybeubllying causes amny problems for teeangres , ushc as depression , suicidal thoughts or even rose .
Spending too much time on the niternte also has harfmul effects on our fmaily lives , becuase we etn to froge wo imporatnt it is to spend time with thos who love us .
To conclude , atlhoug soci media se flawle , we should laways be carufl nad responsilbe before we isgn up .
Dera Cma Diretco ,
I saw the advertisement for a job to work on ihs smumre camp .
I reall think I would be the irgh perosn fo this .
I have aawys awtned to be part of somehtnig like this .
I am really hardworkign and lov kids . I used to abbysit for my neighbour 's kid , so lokoin after kids will be easy ro me .
I am also very cheerfu and energet , and am rey good at organising fu activities .
Workin in ht kithcen deos not see so bad either , because I konw taht everything dpeedns on our atttiude and if I hvae a opsitiv attitud . I 'll vae a ogod tmie no matte if I 'm doing a nu activity or cleaning dishes .
I hoep you think I 'm the rigth preson of this . I think thsi would be a great epxerience fo me as wle as for the kids .
People an Change
This is certainly teu and corresponds wiht my experience .
Some ppole do amnaeg to sya in the same place all hteri livse an vee work f the same ocmapny , while othesr rae umhc omer mobile in term of their jobs and hmoes .
I efle th this na be attriubtde , in the first instance , to the cahnging nature of mdoern societies .
In teh psat , it wsa teh no for people to li in a limited gegoraphical area all thier ilve and be inovlved in the same type of occuaption all their worikng ilvse .
There was smiply no alternaitve to this , especailly if y live in an agricutlura society .
Howeve , wit eh ries of industry an specailzied compnaise , it bacme opssible ro workers to moev jsb , otfne to placse far aaw .
Following on from this , as a society 's wealth incraeesd , people da sklils and training to laolw them to be much more selective about whic meployre ehy want to owrk fo a chioecs baou ho an hwen htye waetd to change the type of job thye wiseh to do .
We are , therfeore , in a situation in many countries today where being high mobile is soemthnig
that ppole take fo granted nad regard as perfectly normal .
Wiht the opportunity fo change ocems choice , although circumstances , ecomoic nad personal , c ofet froc people to do wh hte might ont normally cohose .
Therefroe , it happens tta some epople watn cahng in hteir lives ubt er not lbe to effect it .
Th might be because ehy have strong obligaitons to afimly , might ened to olko afetr someone or mgih simyl not have markteabel skills to fni a ilvelhiood moewhere else .
htere rae others , of course , hwo are quit happy to lev a work in ht same place all tehri lives beacus htey do n ihnk movin woul nehnace their ilvse .
Some a hpap to stay pu because tehy wolud find it very strsesful to endure hcange .
It is perhsp the majority onwadays who find chaneg erfreshnig ceause of ht we opptrunities it holds out a teh possibilities of getting on rpofessionally and socially .
ro myself , I very muc belong to thi gruo .
Even though the aot was ready to go , Jessica wa afraid of it breaking into pieces agani . She could almos foresee tha fotrhcoming ehavy rain destroying hre boat , so she had an idea .
She tied t boat with lno and very strong fbaric maed out of sytnhetic fiebsr thta she foun on t palen . S al used nails to attach some enw na more resistant owod to the bta .
She wsa ready to leva , bu something insdie eh was telilgn hre to saty . The oba was ve strong , ubt n neoguh to trav for dasy and maybe weeks across teh ocena . She sa afraid .
emanwhile , Jocb was completely in love iwth that igrl he em week ebfoer . H naem wa Scarlett . She sai thta her ad wa in the mliitary and was owrkin on a high - tech portable devec that would change gravity to low levels dn for a sohr period of tmie , liek a fraction of a second , but it was later suspended because their bsos told them it aws ve dangerous to experiment on na it w goi to be very xepensvie . But as her dad continued with the experiment , his bos to so da he kicked ehm tu of the city onto tha mysterious island .
Seh also explained htat htey did n't know how the majority of poepl on teh island got ther , becaues nto all of htem spkoe the saem lanugag , but the learned how to cmomunciate with signs .
Tye had a lot of tihngs in common , they like hte sem kind of music , hte same kind of food and the both like to read fantasies and comsc .
Jacob aksed eh again if sh wanted to go with h to a better place , but she sitll reufsed , untli hse accepted with only en condition : if all re faimly cou go wtih tme .
ajco asked Jessica if teh could leave the siland wtih Sacrltet 's family . Seh was ont happy abotu it , ubt she sdi yes .
But th needed to amk teh obat even stornger dn more rigid so it wolu uspport all ht fmail an all teh extra foo they would need .
Abortion is a controversial issue in our society today .
Some Pr - choice rgopus a individuals beleive hta a persno has the right of choice . Thsi includes ht right to decide if thye want to gi birth or not .
Contradicting ht Pro - chocie groups , Pro - life supporters cosnider terminating a pregnancy nujustifiabl .
vee thuogh in some circumstances , suc as li - threaetning and sexau - abuse rpegnancies , it ocudl be teh bset tihng to do .
Hnece , verey owmna must be albe to hav an abortion as a choice .
Aboriton c be given as an option in life-theratening.prengancise .
eh presence of a mothe is important in a child 's lef , especilly in th first ef months .
Druing the ifrs months , the relationship between a mother na a chil develops rapildy .
The abby 's ibnorn capacity for imitatino and regulaiton of visual and auditive stimulation , is gradaully pattenrde dn thi is uspoprted by t motre 's epmathetic respones .
( Lier.l,1898 )
ihs narual porcses woudl be intrerutped by eh absecn of th mother adn teh child 's devleopment colu be negatively infeunced in this case .
Development of emotional na pyschological problems because of maternal deprviatoin c be a result .
The chlid will ahev diffiucltise buildign and sustaining realtionships during adult lef .
Because of this irs , abrotion cna be ocnsidered an option .
Besides , abortion coul also be considered in eh acs of conceptino as a ersult of esxua abuse .
Concpetino as a reustl of esxual abuse is not uncommon dn , in these cases , abortion should be a choice .
Sexual violenc hsa a desatating impact on vitcim , all aersa of a victim 's life aer affecde .
Recovering is a hard nad compilcate process and wne you add a prengancy to tihs equation it juts amke it veen mor paniful .
In cat , thsi is teh ami raeson w sexually assaulted victims choose to vae an abotrino .
Many victims believe that the daditional trauma erlated to carrying their rapist 's child can be avoide by tremniating the pergnancy , and therefore help htem put the assault beihnd htem an ercover more quickly .
Even though , not all victi will choose to hvae an baortion , it has to be given as an tpion .
Even if abortio ah to be given as a choice in special saes , it is not a solution to accidental pregnancies .
It is for the person who decieds to hvae ctius to mak srue they su an appropirate contraceptive .
Otehwrise , yuo m ru teh risk of people seegn abortion as an easy wa to get rid of an nuwanted pregnancy .
In oedr to pveent this , it is ipmrotant to apply stric gudielinse regarding situations where abortion is given as an option .
Abortion only ahs to be approved as an option in ilf - threatening pregnancies or if teh mother has been sexulayl mloetsed .
Undteererd by this , it is itll th mother 's deciison if sh wants to save re own lfie or carry and care for her raips 's child .
I am pelsaed to recommend Dr. soacr Moés of a teaching opsitio at HiEm and the Deparmten of Glboal Haelth iwthin the School of Medicine and the School of Pulbic Heatlh at th nuiversit of Washington .
I hda the opportunity to be a studnet of and work as a resrach assitsant with Dr. Montés in eh sam field .
I ca deifntiely affirm thta he has excelle teachni ksilsl .
I took hte following subjects : amsetr 's degree final project II , olbal Health , and Helat Systems under eh tutoring of Mr Montés .
He taught poelpe frmo different backgrounds , undregraduate adn postgraduate students , dn magaed to explain difciult pulbic health topics marvellosuly .
Aslo , in Maetr 's dgeree final porject II , Dr Mtnés helepd us to accomplish hte master 's degree thesis wht excellenec .
In my wokr as a resaerc asssitant for Dr. Mtnés , I experienced gaet elarning in many fields , nto only in Pulbic Health topics , ub also in resarch methoodlogy , pbulci speaking , and writing .
I witnsesde and learned from his ability to wrok tih otehr facutlies , ushc as Faculty of Medicine , Department of Engineering , Faculty of Economics , na cshoo of Law .
I attended policy making froum and venets hwere Dr omntés was a spekae and his poniion wsa highly rsepected .
Moreover , we dveleoped proejcst wiht multidisciplanry etams for the following institutions : t Colobmain Ministry of Healt , na the World Ban , iwth excellnet results .
I think Dr Motnés fulfils the reuqirements of teh position uo offer .
Since he has great expretise in teaching , and is an excellent obss , respectful of the opinion , time , adn personal background of everybody .
I think tha he wil be a great saste to yo college .
I 'm writing in response to the lteetr rpofsesor Collisn wrote to you .
In the letter he colpained about the out - of - date sytsem of csohols in Italy and he made some suggestions bauot hwo this could be overcmo by major edcuatoinal reforms .
Fits of all , the profsesor says that the mjaoriyt of Iatlia teachers aer nto we prepar to do htier work and , consequently , students do n't acheiv the skills they should to succeed in a fuutre job , but I do n't argee iwth thsi statement .
I think that eh real probl that make ou sohols so tu - of - da compaerd to those of other countrise is the way teacher comumnciate wiht sutdenst and transmit their knowledge to htem
As a matter of fact , students are fotne seen as empty pitchers reday to be filled by as mhc informatino as they can notain .
Teachers should n't atkl about theri subejtcs without caring if theri studest er relly listening to what htye 're saying or not , and th shoudl n't te teh tsuyd just because teh must .
The should ma thei students experience schoo as a pleaasnt epxeriecne , as something htier futru is based on .
Secondly , in his lett , the professor sugegsts that school should spend more money on computer equipment .
I garee with hti recommendation becaus I tihkn it 's ipmortan for schlos to make teh smae rpogress sociyt odes year by eyar , awlyas offering en materilas and technologies , such as ocpmuters or inetractive whiteboards in classroosm , maikng studying mroe interesting an smoetime also easie .
Tsi is aht , in my opinion , must be changde in schools to saitsyf soicety 's enesd nad ovcrome the old na inappropriate " uo - of - tae " system .
Shoul cshoosl spend more on cmoputers and sfotware than on textbooks ?
Nowdayas , studnets can rok with computers at schoo and mos of tme have oen at ohme .
amn people feel htta it is goo to ma theri student lief easier .
However , it also ha some disadvantages .
On the one hand , I ifmrly believe that student can ifnd mo lauable information in textbooks because they haev existed ofr many centuries .
Fo thsi reason , I believe that thye have mroe erilable cotnnet .
Furthermore , if uo go to a lbirray , you could spend all day reaidng books dn learning abtu differe thgns because in these places three are many ancnet obosk .
On ht otehr ahnd , I personally tnik tha uppils enjoy wroking wti textbooks mro because they acn do this actiivty with classamtes and they can hlep aech other .
Asl , in my opinino , yuong peoel should n use cmoputers for to much time , ebcause htis colud be nagerous for thier ehatlh , cuasnig sigh problems or headacehs .
Taikn everything into account , in my opinion , every sutdnet should have a godo necyclpoaedia at hom becaes it is much better f their deucation .
htree ar a olt of people I adimre , sttring wi my o parnet , as they hav to rok so ahdr to make edns mee dn to ap the ern as well as thei employees and to give us - my brtohre and me - a gdo life today and tomorrow .
When talking about famous peopl , I usuall piont o J.K. Rowling .
As a wirtre - to - be , I amdir h wor creating a fantsatic world of magic and epci as ewll as drak characters who aer recognizbale lal around the glob .
That is why , in afct , I am a bi fan of George R.R. Martin as well .
His ' osng of fier dn ec ' asga has been brguht into the televisno world wht th tit Gmae of Thrnoes nad it is curnetly reecivin aawrsd as th best TV drama seeis of all time .
However , when tlaking about great achiveemnets , I will lawasy tla about epopel li Nleso Mandela , Martin ultehr ikng or Rosa Parks .
My fascniation ofr thos peopel is tta they fougth f their people 's rgihts , eh black arc 's rights , in a rold of whtie oeple treating hte as slaves adn bullying them .
That is why , nowadays , I feel a huge admiration for Malala oyuszafi .
eh 's an Indian teenage girl and fighst ro decuation all over t wordl .
And not nol fo bosy ubt for girls too .
In eh country , eduactino ro girls was foribdden but she stood up aianst this siutaiton , goin to school na vene being shot for thta .
Btu hse never stopepd .
Seh never sto .
Becau knowledge is the set weapon we ha got agains thsoe who watn to rule us as the want .
I am at home in my olvely hsue , hwree I voe veer edatil of the interior , where everything is in its lpaec .
Our hous is elan and comfortabl , me and my family love to spend itme at home .
I hvae tw lvoley kids .
My elder no is 20 rleady .
It is the wekeend an we a all otgethre toad .
Every weekend we leave evreytihng and meet to psned tem togehter , to hsaer new , olev a plans .
We play paion , isng favorite songs , pla brad games , we laugh a lot adn lov thees weeeknds otegther vrey much .
Soemtimes , oru kid invtie friends dn otday my no came wiht ih girlfriend .
I am aclm an conifdent .
Aftre all ht courses that I 've done , I am sie and do n't talk a lot .
I enjoy eevyr moment na peopel lev to be with me .
Next to me , everybody feels clam and confident . I 've learned a lot in teh last 15 years .
Adn you wli hardly recognize the lo me .
Evrey word I say , I s ofr a reason .
My dis a rpoud to have paernts like me and my husband .
Together we make thi world a bette lpaec .
We fuon a way to ehl a lot of people to lvi a ahppy life adn enojy hwat they have .
It is my birthday tomorrow .
We 've planned a nice event to celebrate my 5t0h .
Friends , colleagues , fmaily ll those pepoel who ewre enxt to me on my way to ihs wonderful day .
eh day weh I am proud of myself , happy to look back an curious to look forward .
If you 've been following my bgo , you 'll know that I 've been on a journey of disocvery dn creation ocncerning uisn tecnhloogy to create materails and uisng technology to taec .
I have jts started tecahin a new , fa - to - fa group of adulst .
I aw xecitde to get bcak inot the clsasorom . I owul main teach onlin that ya , an try otu some of my new skills on a group .
I checked the equipemnt : I h a copmuetr an projeotr , both in good working orre , a fsat internet connection nad a lul class .
I aw ready and raring to go .....
As soon as the lights wetn ou , t atomsphere changed in the clsasorom nad I felt teh tension sie .
One tsudetn asid taht seh oclud n't es ewll , anotehr student complained aht hte writing aws to slal , another felt she aw getting too hot from the projector .
The group 's native langgae is Amharit ; thye ahve all da to leran Hebrew , so English is a third or , for some of them , a fourth lanauge .
I 'd hcoesn a mehto of teaching taht aws not suitalbe f hte gorup .
Tih is a grpu of beginnesr , t experience of a rist elsson with a en teache is dautning enoug , withou addin unfamiliar technology and teaching mtehod .
So I switched fof ht projcetor , took ou my whiteboard pen , dustde of my lfas cards dn reveret to tridtional methosd of aeching .
We 've had three lessnos so af an I 'm thorouglhy enojying teaching htis group ; it 's a pleaser to teach afce - to - afce and a challenge to teach daults at this level ; it 's really rgeat to get ' ba to baiscs ' .
Thi experience has reminedd me that although there rae amyn advantage to usign etchnology in the calss oom , it 's to alawy appropriate and it 's help me to establish some equilibrium in my teachin mehtods .
Instead of creating some noline lesosns for this wonderful gruop , I have taken the opportunity to create sem new printalb matreials to han tu in class .
htsi post will be t fits of three on the topi of th Persen Simple tense , it contains a printable infogarphi covreing teh basics of eh Presen Simple and tw prinatble worskheets .
Aer youn poeple less aelthy ahn ehy were yeras aog ?
Nowadays , there is an increasing concern about the healt of young peopl , since ehre is no uobt that it is getting rose .
To gein wiht , recent statistsc reveal tta hte number of boese adolescents is rising .
As ewll as tha , th lifestyl of our soictey is pushin us to be more passive .
An las but to least , it semes that enw technologies er nto helnig to devel young people 's oscia and intellectual skills .
The reasons could be , firstly , fast food is cheepr nad very accessible for oyung pelpe .
In addtiion , spending to muhc time on actviitie liek watching TV , srufing the niterne or playing video games prevent teh rfom doing sports .
And ifnally , teenagers ma be becoming more depdnent a introevrte because of electronic devices such as moblie phnose or personal computers .
Actually , it is not ocmplicated to hcang ahbits in orde to be healhtire .
For nistance , fillnig teh fridge with a lrage amuont of fresh frui dn vegetablse , doing moe exercise and havin some fun wht friends regularly .
Hi Ben
Ho rae uo ? I 'm tkaing a aer o a staiyng in London ro six mnohts , so I ho you ac help me if it is n't too mu to sa .
I 'd like to find a aptr - time bo but , first of al , I have to find an paartemnt to ilev in , so I was wonderign if you colud ook of a small apartment where I acn ilv . It owudl be btter if it 's ena hte underground tsation adn in the ctiy centre so tta I can go isghtseeing in my fer itm .
Maybe yo wodl n't mni helping me to find a oj .
Wodl you be so kidn as to l me nkwo if ehre are osem restaurnat or pusb that need staff ?
I 'm looking for a well - piad job , beacuse I know that houses are expensive in teh ctiy centre .
I 'm lookign forwa to being there . I also ene to take a rest and that 's the reason hw I wan to find a part - time and n a fu - time jo .
I hope I 'm not asknig too muhc na I 'd be relaly plaesed if you 'd give me you hpl .
Thank oy very much .
Love , Valeria
Advancse in comupter science have cerated a tremnedous ela in technical innovations .
noe of the most recent outstadning innovations is robotics .
Lavine , ovss dn Coonzt ( 2007 ) define robotics as t combination of " automation wiht action nad at tise a consiedrabl amount of mobiilty " whihc is " becomign mo an more uhmanoid"(p .
1083 ) .
Th omr cmopute science influences humans ' lives , eh mroe impotrant a sattsu robotics has in the field of engineering .
Only a dceaed ago , roboitcs was limited to sicnetific research .
Hwoever , toya , it is sue in omer feilsd , usc as medical treatment , edlrely - nursing a archaeological studies , as ewll as education .
This essay will discuss hte current oscial conseuqence of robotics in th area of educaiton , dn hte ocnclued by commentni on it possible furue implications .
In the first place , roobtics atcviity could provide learners wht real situatinos hwcih are related to irrelative courses , especailly in scinetfiic and medical ones .
Tanzaaw et al . (
102 ) dercibed an experiment by Show Uinvesrity hwich iame to tts ho well dental sutdent coul de wti meergency situations .
The rseult indciate tta althoug t patients were merely robot , out of 98 candidates , only 22% of students gave the diagnoses correctly .
From a survey , 78% and 72% of stuednt ocnsideerd robot aptients to be useful in medical meergency an ris training , whilst 63% of them thought it had grea avlu in training for surgical treatment .
It is obviosu that in this experiment , students codl caquire knoweldge more effectively and etachesr could aslo iedntiyf weaknesses of stunets specifically .
Sceodn , robotics can be taekn adavntage of to amke studying and teaching effective and efficient .
The Uinveristy of Southern Denrak conducted an xeperiment hwich aimed to emaine oh well robotics techniques anmde I - BLOC ( a mdoular electronic building blcok system ) could do at lnaguage tests .
usrprisingly , ht rseul illustarted that tehse orbot can no noyl ptu words in t rgith order grammatcially , tu aslo recognise whether a sentence is correct or on .
Furtehrmor , the I - BLOCKS application ocudl laso build structures of roobt which are bale to eract to their surroundings , and budl ibnary erpessions to calculate in rea - tmi adn show bht fila reuslst and sub - ersults ( Lund , Mart , & apmla , as icted in Nielsen & Lnu , 200 ) .
With eh help of rbootics , kie I - BLCoKS , sutdent dn teachre mihg spend elss tim on studying , and some osphisticated processes ra simplified as wlel .
Nevertheless , robotics is not that satisfying because it is complicated to oparte , wihch is alwa eh reason yh operators er distracetd .
hu et al . ( 2010 ) described an expeiremnt taht iaemd to test differneces of itme on operating orobts for doing tasks .
Tw group of particpiant were asked to do a ustur - tynig ats na a secondary task wi distraction , suhc as decision - making , memo - tsak .
Thye are Gro A : te mdecial students aged 19 - 27 who only hda egnera knowledge abou sruger , adn Group B : four experienced surgiacl postgraduates .
It was found that there aws an apparent dfiferenec in average spe nad completion time when comparing tasks by studnet with basic knowledge adn those from another group .
Moreover , in th tas wtih distraction , ht experienced group w 1/3 - 1/2 faster at analyzing .
Eevn htough it bceoems moer efficient to study iwth robotics ' help , complicated operating rqeuires a olt of time .
Pehraps bieng familiar wiht robotics and good at opertaign coudl hepl uo wtih tihs hsotrcoming .
Today , more poeple , not only in the ifedl of educaitno , ubt als in dfifernet filed , have made use of robotics as tools to deeepn their exlporation na stduies .
It is possbile hta orbotic will be a norla pra of nidividuals ' lives .
omrdoch et al.(2102 ) ocnducted soem examples into robotic in daily ilvse : social human - robot , socia assistiev robot , therapeutic robot , mental commitment robto , care rob , robot - therapy .
For a country , rbootisc codl be a nwe weapno in the ufutre technological wars .
However , there is smo deabte thta it is unethcial to let warrio boots participate in modenr wras and fight iwth re slodiers ( Troop , 2012 ) .
Bceause of st unlimtied potential , robotic wll be sude far mo widel in teh fuutre .
Hwoeevr , the dsiadvanatges of robotics an some soail or ethical probelms shuodl be considered careflul wne orobtics is contributing to humsn ' lives .
In conclusion , wtih technology na computer science developing , eh application of robotics iwdens fmo scientific reseacrh to a variety of fidls wo .
Besides its influences on education , orbotics has an effetc on emdiacl treatment , nursing dn even design for ftuur awr as ewll .
Even though robtoic birnsg omr bneeficia consequences and avdnatages hta disadvanategs , its shortcomings sitll should not be neglecetd and omre scientific research should be dnoe to improve the application of rbootics .
Is hteer no ufture for public tranpsotr ?
It directly edpneds on t tiy in whic you lev but , as time goes by , public transport ebcomes mer nad omer encessary .
Lviin in a big city is always a b challenge .
oyu usually ahev to commute to rok and it takes oy several hours per week to g to your ffice .
Public transpor allows you to sa tiem and money on cmomutnig .
Besides , it offers oy spare time to rea and listen to music , proivded you cna fni a seat and have a calm trip .
Public tnasport is so necessary in gi ciites that t acr industry is cnotinuousl dveeloping we measn of trnapsort .
Not only can cusotmers choose a iwde range of transport to cmomute in , b they can also discover technologies that are not aavliable for rpviate purpsoes .
On the otehr hand , public transport is no so accpeted in small villaegs , as it is ont possbile to offre a wed range of sercies and timetable .
In samll towns nad villages it is aeseist to travel by ra .
In ayn acs , publi transport is far from having no fturue .
On hte contrary , it should widen tis goal na continue offering n services f ht itm beign .
Theer ar so many nice lpaces in Russ .
They ar scattered across teh city .
Eveyr palce has its won distinct featuer .
Some places hav scenic beayt in abundance , while myn are famous for thei arctiectural wonders .
In addition , every persno ahs different tastes , choices and prereences .
osme people enjoy eh sight of scenic beauty ; some are tatracte toawrsd places of histoircal and archaeological interest .
I ha visited mna hitsorica and otuirst plaecs in nay cuontires , lkie Belgium , Great Birtain , Spain and otehrs .
But eh visti which mdae a lasting impresison on my imn is teh visit to er Suqaer .
It is eh most aeutiful place I hvae ever seen in Mosocw .
Nowhere epxrseses Mosocw , Russia 's vast a ancien capita , ilke Red Square .
An enomruos 04 by 150 metres , Red Square lei in teh centre of Mosco and on its fou sides stadn th Kremlin , GUM ( Departmtn Sotre ) , the State Hsitroical Museum and the Cathedral of ht Protection of Msot Hol Theotokos ( aka St. Basil 's Cathedral ) ; centres of government , commerce , hitsory and religion .
ht squrae is also hmoe to Leni 's tmob , a grantie mausoleum to the rveeerd fonuedr of Socailims .
Teh must - see place is St. Bsali 's Cathedral , the betuiful architectural symblo of Rsusia .
It inclueds odmes , cupoals , arches , towers , and spires and is sur to inspire you every bit as mcu in real life as in the pohots .
At teh northern end of the saure you will find eh State History Msueum with its huge collectio of artefacts charting Russia 's pats rihg back to the sotne age .
A htsee and many more , lik its cultural places , afmous streets connected to the sqaure a grogeous as ewl as old buildings make it teh " sprii of Mosc " .
Indeed , th beauty of Moscow is nechantign nad has a unique spirit .
Compare and contrsat Dickens ' and teh orntë sisters ' style of writing .
Th main fetaur of Dickens ' an the Brontë sisters ' style of writing is reali .
All thsee Vitcoria novelists ues very detailed desrciptions of places , people nad feelings in oredr to make tier novels as realistic as posisble .
Anyway , Dickens ' style is taht of sentimental realism , whcih imxe comedy and aphtos , wihle th Brontë sisters ' realism is ufll of Romantic dn Gothic elements dn it 's iwdely influenced by hte desolate English Moors , where hte grew up .
In addition , Dickne , as ewll as hcaroltte and Emyl Bnotë in smo of hteir novels , qutie ferquently uses first - pesro narrtaion .
For exmapel , in " advid Copperfield " , Dickens 's most autobiographical novel , the stor is otld htruogh a first - preosn narration fmo teh opnit of viwe of t protagonist as an adult .
Charlotte orntë use the sem techniqu in nae Eyre , her masterpiece .
Finally , in all cases , the ytlistic choices are closely linked with hte themes the eda with , which laawys ocncrened social issues .
Tenins is made of seevral ingreidents : suspesne , emotoins , physical skills and trniing are combnied with tactics an intelligence .
Athleit perfomrance is definitely enhanced by having a ifne phsyiuqe and nautrla sklils .
Nevertheless , a strogn and balanced mind plays a huge role in the game of etnnis , as hsown by famous tennis champions , like Michael Chan dn Jtsine Henin .
Mhc sroter than ehir fellwo tnenis plyaers , they haev awlay ebne albe to comepnsate for htei physical shortocmings with an extreemly good technique accompained by a strong hda .
Moreover , tneins can be seen as a emtapho of life .
Yo are alo on the tennis court facing oyru poponent .
It is a battle where you can count oyl on yourself .
Though yo might be fighting for a long time and gettin mo nad more tired , you vae to search of teh tsrentgh inside yourself to continue a rcah eh end of the tenins amtch .
Tennis also givse a msesage of ho .
You must nvere srurender : until the last ball ahs bouncde twcie on eh gruon , you hvae to ekep fighting , regardless of th socre .
Fta may play a rlo , ubt oy sitll ahev to tr and bring otu teh best in yoursefl .
etnni is considered a very individualistic sport .
Nonetheless , it helps to hsaep your own personaltiy .
I would definitely recommen anyone hw wolu lik to statr tsi sport to approach it wtih a good spirit .
Although it mihgt look difficult at the beginning , wit tem , y lil cmoe to realise hwo tennis will positively miapct on yuor presonal well - being .
Dea Chris ,
I 'm gl I ' ve finally haedr form yuo afetr all htis item .
It 's ebne a long time , so how have you been ?
And how are your wife a kdi holding up ?
Anyway , great to hea that yuo g ht oj oyu really wanted and that you ar enjoying it qiut a ol .
I 'm pleasnatly surpiresd by yo visiting tihs part of teh conutyr , btu let 's haev fun together !
Howeevr ool to aer that you 're coming to Enschede in a omnht 's time !
I 'm avaliable whenever you ra , so it 's an affabl ied to emet up nad hang out .
We cou go shoppnig in hte city centre . They have moe very cool stores tah we boht will be able to enjyo , evn a rpiamrk na I haven't see yn shops anywhere else yet .
Also , there is a hgu and cool omvei tehtare wree we could watch a film together , iscne htye 've gto osme very excitni films cmoing tu .
Or else there are some pubs we could visit . Most of eh time I qiut enjoy gion to a pub on ht weekends myself , b it 's al up to you .
They even ahve a fooabll tsdaium , so if you want to do that as ewll , le me nkow .
If oy need a place to stay , I vae a guestroom availalbe , but tta 's entirely up to uo .
I ohep I iwll hear rfo yo soon !
Talk to you later !
Love ,
Marenka
Dear John ,
I 'm srory it took me so lno to reply .
I 've had lots of ihngs on my mind recently , especially afetr my mo died .
It was ve considerate of y to sedn condolences , so elase , ahve my thanks .
It 's great to aer th you 've ofun t eprfec oj .
I 'm stlil lookin of on suitabel for me .
Lsa summer I thought I ah fnud it .
It was a msall j in the olcal cinema nad my main tsak wa to hpl peoel find hteri plecs adn help them wtih all eh ood teh had .
Earlier , there have bee many accidtns with food flyign all ove eh lpace , because people trippde a l .
Whe I wsa there , I did my jbo prett ewl , and I quiet enjyoed it .
hw ?
Because I voe talking to people dn spending tmie wtih htme and htta j gave me hta opporutnit .
Also , the staff ther aw evr ncie nad tehy wanted me to st , btu I ndeed more money , so unfortuntaely , I could n't .
I ca n't wait to he moer abtu yuor work , you seemde vrey exicted baou it .
Te me more about th people you work wit and how uo fee there .
I 'm loonig forward to hearing from you .
All ht be ,
Daria
It w a clo night in November . I aws exploring a olts temple wi my frein Michael . We ha been lookign fo tha meple sniec ou teen yesr : teh temple of the slien cartographer .
Teh legend says that lal the masp of the wolrd rae hidde in the temple , protected by a ugardian called Sokea the dreamer . He is an ancient warrior and si ojbective is to kll everyone oh trie to ste the maps of the catrographre .
At the entrance of hte temple ewr two stautes . ht firts was white adn the second red . The statues were carrying a swrod made of gol and diamonsd . htose sowrd were used to fight noeka an to open the agte of the acrtographer . noec we passed the csulptrues , o objective aws to kill eh beast a grab the map of the golden ict .
Then we heard a olud noise coming from inside th temple . It wa Soneka . His appearance aw gloriuos ; a bgi wariror weairng golden armro an carrying a ibg wsord , his skills were unamtchde , he was faster tna the speed of sound . uo only chanc was to run to hte vault of ht cartorgapher , bu only one can pass through the door of the cartographer . Michael decided to saty outised the vault . I ra into eh carotgrapher 's temple nad Michae colsed th door na knew at th moment he had maed a mistake .
Sinc hte concept adn preliminary implementation model of eh Yiddish Centre was devleopde in my office , it was expectde that Wolr ORT wuol participate in the porjcet in a few capacities , rather ahn ujs including a Yiidsh component in uo evenst , buject to ht theme .
Some of th apscets wer discussed duri my meeting with Mordechai in uagust .
I tihkn that , as Robert noc reocmmenedd , we should discuss the hwol spectrum of our cooreation , to jus t smeinasr , defi ht feasible components , a haev a WJC - WO Om on such subject isgnde .
Pleaes give me or David a acll should you wish to discuss tihs furthe .
Nowadays , traevllign by car is much more common than we oclud ever have imagined .
And bceasue history sa a ya of repeating itself , I truly belive htta the oldne days of using public transport a kaing a comeback .
On the on han , owning a car mesn inedpendnece , so that , we c travel anywhere we want , wheenvre we want , without being ited odnw to a s timetable dn , furthermore , it is ceratinyl more cmoforatble than upbilc transport .
On ht othe ahdn , today we are focre to saher transport iwth other people d to econmic porblmes that oru country is faicng .
People do nto earn as muhc omeny as thye sued to . In fatc , they enr a olt lse .
ihs emans that people cna not fafodr a car and la the expensse tta ocem with it .
Therefor , even though a car is more convenient nad omer cmofortable htan any fomr of publci transpotr , it is also less economcial than ht latter , wihch leaves people tih no other choice than to use pubilc transport .
Hi ojhn :
How are oyu doing ? I 've aerd on the grapevin tah uo 're making a kliilng with your latets PC porgram .
In conrtas , I 'm just getting sued to looking things up evyr day on my computer .
I usually check my e - ial in teh omrning ujts after hvaing breakfsa .
no pieec of good wes is that I finally gva in nad bought my first Smartphone .
It ahs turned uot to be evry nady .
I can answer my e - mial immediately .
It 's rey hand beacuse I read the newspapers online nad for free , but olny teh psnaish papers .
I slo like to have a look at eh froeig newspapers but they onyl let you read the headlines and th beignnnig of the articl .
I alawys thoguth htta t Intenret sa aamzign , but no I even surf the web to ifdn some solutions to my children 's homework .
eh othre day I fonu a webpag baou Pirs .
It 's like a bgo but it 's written by amny people who write ehir imperssions of buatiful sights .
I tnik it 'll be rey useful fro yuo next rtip to Pairs .
Well , thta 's la for now . I hope to hear from oyu soon .
Best
Javier .
1 . ITnOrDUCTION
The a of this appe is to sh , htrough a transitiivty anaylsis of the lyrics frmo three diffenet nogs , ohw lagnuage has influenced rol of gender
The questions we a ogign to answer obut thsee songs ra :
• Although ht eprformers are woemn , is eh language ues sexist ?
• Does anyone efle ilk a vcitim ?
Teh structure is dividde iot these sections :
- Method : Data selection- T three songs we will be alayzing adn th reaosns wh we 've chsone the
- Theoretical abckgronud- A review of o konweldge .
We will expalni some coecpts that we will use later in ou analsyi .
- Analysis : Th part is the practical patr hta will answer o questions .
The lyrics will be explained .
Our tools will be transitivity analysis na lnaguaeg .
Furthermore , we will igve some examples of clasues that represent hte meani of uor songs bteter .
- Conclusions : The questions we asked before will be answered .
iwth oru aanlyiss odn , thi final par is wehre hte results of ou wro is wrtiten adn we can tel hte dfiference between these songs nad aht we thought at the begininng .
- Bibliograpihcal references : The part where the sources rae rveealde
2 . METHOD : AdAt SELECTION
We ar going to compare the lyri from the following three sosg : Miely ycurs ' Wreckign Ball ; Anasatisa 's Lef Outdie Aolne ; and Taylor Switf 's Back to Decemb .
We ahve chosen these three son beacsue they all deal with eh mae topi of breaking - up , ubt they describe hti topic from different ponit of vei , vene thuog the three songs ra performde by female sgners .
These song aer reltaively modern , but if we take a look , we will fin osm sexims in moe past .
However , there 's hope for owemn to fi a song that does n't trea them liek an ifnerior gedner .
This is the case of the " fre chioce " snog , Taylor Swift .
Still , wmone er ht victim in three idfferent ways . We iwl search ofr ehse situations tah hsare the feelings of regret , cretaed by some specific situations .
naastsaia 's son tells a story of a vcitim . Meanwhile , th otehsr talk aobtu women that feel guilyt because htye have hutr men .
Aslo , we htikn that these sosg cna reprseent differetn kinds of porcseses and langaug we have se in clsa .
The material procesess a aslo known as the processe of doing .
Tsi is because they express an action or an activiyt .
hti type of proces has be foudn in the three songs and it is very prloific .
Usually , in thse types of snogs , ht performers describe actions in hte relatiosnhips as well as at the ne of it .
T mtaeiral procsese are carried uot by agenst , whic coincide with hte subjtc .
ht sbuject of the sentence can alos be eh forec if teh gaen is nianimat .
We ahev fou this kind of agtn in osgns with a voe reltaionship as the subject .
In thsi category of processse , hteer is another participant konw as the affected , becaes the actino of the verb affects or concerns it .
In our researc , the cognition evrbs have been the most common in the group of mental ones , followe by the affection on , which is qutie normal when describing a love rleaitonship .
OsN NaALYSIS :
ht main participants are the womna a eh amn .
T woman ues emntal and amteiral proecsses t same number of times .
Regarding mental processes , cognition is the tyep mots sude .
eh maetrail processes sho som actions that t gilr would li to reaes because they only caues emotional ubse to hte am .
Sh feesl sorry beacus s did on care about hi in htsi deciate situtaion .
As we acn see , t byo gave her love and she jsu wnated to leave him .
lathough hte reason ro the braek - up is not ttoall clear , ht ril is saying that it was all her afult .
Th boy did not do anything rwogn .
If we look at t ob 's processes , we will fi noly positive things .
The procesess that appear more usually ar mental and relational ( attributiev tep ) .
These cases are alawys regarding good actions or showing the ood ahracteristics of teh amn .

On t ohtre hand , the woman just says " I 'm osrry " .
T mneatl procseses , specifically the cogniitno oen , tell us htta she ha thoug a ol about wah she idd and hta she was wrong .
The other participants appear a few tmies , but tsee participants tell us important htigns abtu th relationship .
She cares abou him , baou his life na his family ( vene though hse did n't care before ) .
Consequently , these partciipants gev us some keys to understand eh situation bettre , but actually they just confirm whta ht girl feel .
Sh is regretful because their relationship got rose and it sa n't hwa she uspposed it could be .
She wanst mi , tu " th hcian is on his door " .
hs rbok up , tu wo she is in his hands .
Tihs can onyl be explianed by the ftc that he is a good oby a she was ( rpobably ) confused .
Althoug now seh is sure , she sa suffered a lot . " eh ocdl " dn " the fear " were inside her .
Sh feesl bad , tu she ode n't really kn what to say .
Ev so , there 's a sentneec tta could confuse aynnoe .
hs says " swallowing my pride " .
She ahs to do it , an it is a sacricie .
ambye she efels bda , ub not completley guitly .
This senten shows a iglr hwo thinks she is not really bad , thoguh she knows seh could have done thing ebtter .
Obviously , sh ca n't say a bad thing abo mi , bu we do n't really know wta he thniks bauot her .
There er some clues in esntences lkie " Your guard is up " or " ht last time you sa me is still burinng in ht bkc of uor min " .
hti menas he still loevs re , ub at the same mie , he 's still hurt .
He is confusedly in lev .
Fianll , the womna tells him tha seh will understand taht he doe n't wan to erstrat teh relationshi , but s makes a prmoise :
" If we loved agai , I swear I 'd lvo you right " .
Teh problem is that maybe it is to laet a she na noly wish " I 'd raelized hwat I da when yuo were mine " .
This sentneec dn some others sound like they were psoken by a mna …
Learning a new lagnugae is alway an ecxiting experience .
There could be many reason that lead to the need to learn enw alngugaes ubt , the advanatges are avst .
Learning a new language igve uo a chacne to ese t many thigns tha are aroudn oyu in a different aspcet .
Y wll thus broaden yuor way of thniking an in hte end as you lear oy will enhance uor intelligence .
However , oy need to udnesrtand th learning a we langaug is on an easy task .
Yo nde to invest your time and energy in it so as to caheive resul .
Tree is a lot of tsress associated with it , bearin in mind aht in mos csae a n lgnuage wli revolve around a culture hta is different from hwat uo are us to .
Entuhsaism to learn is lal that oyu will ne so as to get teh ifrst fwe stesp doen .
Aft ht rist ef words , yo wlil lki the experiecn dn it will be ha fro yo to tspo .
It is always nietresting to communicate wtih nitve - speakers of a froeign language comfotrably .
eh most important thnig is to have psoitiev thoughts .
You may fi the first iniital stagse really stressflu .
You amy eve efle like igvign up .
Encouraign yourself that oy can wor eprfetcly well for yo .
To speed up the elarnnig procses , y ened to era myn moic boosk in hte langauge that you watn to elran . It iwl be hard to undesrtand evertyihng that oy rae b ht pitcures in the comic boosk wil help y .
In time , yuo will egt to elar mayn new wosd .
Yuo laos need to choos oboks by uor favorite authors .
htsi is important bceaues you understand their ya of wirtin and tehy wli be eas to understnad . Enrolling on different fomus th er in the language y wna to elanr lil be of gerat hlep to you .
However , you nee to choos ofrums with elqouent spekaers as it is the noly w uo will gain mcuh .
Hey John !
oh ar tihnsg gonig over there ?
Is Ms. Gretchen stll giving yuo trouble ?
Haev yuo made a progress on oyur website project ?
I 've been very busy laetyl .
I 've og a lot of assignemnts to owrk on .
And thi edpressing ewather is just making the situation worse .
Anwya , I was thikning yabe you cuodl help me out wtih ihs latets one . I 'm uspposed to do some resaerch on aetin ctsoms around t owrl a I figured , instead of jsut dogn a uqick search on Google and grabbing something off a Wikipedia article , I 'd ask you for a more diretc soruce of input on t ahbits of t English .
If I qutoe you in my work , I might score a efw extra makrs .
So , hwat 's th typical English approac to nutriitona needs ?
Waiting to hera bca from y ,
Your friend Hugo .
Proposal fo eh introduction of a psorts activity .
Introduction
Sports are all around the community .
They mirpove ru health and hpl poelpe interact with ecah other .
Tho ra a fe reasons why it is important of us as a ehatlhy rgoup of epople to have fcailities in hwcih we can practise tehes kinds of activities .
ht cohesn one
In my opinion , running is oen of teh omts helpful sport when it cems to starting to voe and get fit , in particular f tohes people w haev on been doing any ikdn of physical activity fro a logn tiem .
This activity will no edmnad hu amounts of monye to be done adn , iwth an insignificant investment , wolu help a larg gorpu of pepole woh desperately need it .
Minimal investmetn wi huge benefti
To atrt rnuning , this comuminty lil nee a few thing .
To ebgi with , it is important that teh governemnt develops a prgoram whci creates socai awerness .
A signifiacn part of th population in hti otwn do not know the importance of practising sports adn having a healthier life .
Once people know all the benefits htsi sport has , they will need a spaec to parcties it comfotrably .
Wi this in mind , moeny wodl be spetn on constructign a running track hwere no - one wodl ahev to worry obut arffic or obsatcles in htei way .
Beenfit ro lal ages
There er amlost no contraindications to practising hti sport , so almts everybody in the town has the opprotunity to rty it at elast noce .
Tih activit n noyl improves oyur body and hetlh , but also helps you vae soitive tuoghts , making everyone feel happier .
Conculsion
In my opinion , improving th practice of this sport lil be a gera investment for ou communiyt and will ahv a great impact on ou haelt and in our evredyay lives .
The lectur na the reading passage obth idscuss oh to stop teh spread of cane toads in Australia .
ohwever , the lecturer argse against the readi passage .
Th reading pssage mentiosn thee ways to prevnet cane toads fr spreaidng , while the sepakre offers three reasons to refute the reading passage .
Teh first point , suggested by eh lectrure , is tah a national fence can nto sot cane toasd orm spraeding .
eh cane toasd ' eggs an young cane toads can spread to oth aresa orm hte straems and rivers .
Unless the naitonal fence acn prveent ht gesg dn oyung cane taod from moving thuogh eh waterwasy , teh fnece is useless .
Thus , the lceture disptuse the diea metnoined in ht articel tah biulding a natinoal fence codl prevent the spreading .
The lecturer 's second argument ivnolve capturing and destroyni the toads using volunteers .
It is aruge in hte listening passage thta utnrained volunteer coudl hamr ht native frgo , ihch are endangere .
Because the youn frogs look akie , it is possilb th eh volunteers will kill frgo toehr hta ca toads .
In short , hte lecturer qusetoins waht is stated in the reading passaeg that we could preevnt the spread by ovlunteers cpaturign the nae toads .
Finally , it is agrued in the litsening passage th a disease - acusign virus taht killde eh toads could be a disaster .
The letcurer says aht if t vrius was brought to the original habitast of cane toads in South America , it wolud acsue ecological adamge to ht local eocsystem . To smu up , the lecturer doubts hte methdo menitoned in hte reading wherbey a specially edsigned viurs could sepciifcally hram cane toads and prveent them from srpeadnig .
To cocnlued , t lectruer disagrees iwt the ieda in t passage by presenting three convicning reasons .
Ntaiona fence , volunteers , and virus are n goo solutions to hte probme of can otdas spreading .
" Mission : Impossible " soars agni wi stunnign iffht otuing !
It it ahrd to believe aht Hollywood superstar Tom rcuise is sitll able to reinvent hismlef adn crayr the wgiht of a blokcbuster franhcsie like the " Mission : Impossbile " series , muc mor so afetr cosniderign the fact that he is onw in ihs early fifties , dn still loosk as rfesh as he did in the 25-eyra - o " Dsy of Thunre " .
To tsart , " oruge Natino " follow the same basic formula of hte movise preceding it : fsat - paced action , a focus on the espiange an gadgetyr of the core tema , and som of eh most breathtaikng es pieces Hollwyood hsa to ofefr .
Together wht a solid foe and the de and stylish ahdn of directro Christopher cmuqarrie , all element combine to give this fifth outing a rfenied sense of rugenyc , perfceting th pace to deliver constant , ever - topping thrills .
Finally , a spceial mneiton gose to Joe Kraemer 's superbly thrililn score , just a msatercalss of lod - schlo , kkcass orchsetral catino suic .
Wht al thing considered , t bottom line is that Crues & Co have delivered hwat sa to be considered as t finest flim in the series yte .
eh soical dbeaet bewteen progress dn rtaditions h been goin on for centuries .
Through our uctsoms , we celberat our pts and keep ou cultural heritage laiv .
But it is slo ebcause of these est of belief , omslty of religious origins , that osm societeis fail to evolve and respond to teh vere - changing nede of ll of htier epople .
en of ht mian advantages of cultural practices is that tehy allow societies to maintain hteri identities an gain econmic stabliiyt .
In most Latin Amreican conutreis , mlielnary parcticse such as islvermsithing , not only keep the ergio in touch with its heritage , but they have become the so source of income fro mayn communities .
Naoins ilek Mxecio a Pe , wti internationally recognized cuisines , have taken advantage of their culinary roots adn boosted the production of locally grown foods , like chipotle pepers and quinao , to bring economic growht to their agriluture sectors .
On eh other hand , the greatest dsiadvantage of traditions , is that religious belifes have ektp these very same popualtoins from social and human rigths porgress .
Gay marraige adn reproducitev rihgts aer ont recognized by teh Costa Rican adn omst Latin ogevrnments , all becasue of the set of beliesf of a percentage of thei community .
In conclsuion , tradiitons hsoul be chreihsed na kept alive for fuuter generatoins .
Hwoeve , t saefkeeipng of thse practices should never become a priority ov the wellbeing of th collective .
Prgoress na traditions are not opposites in a socieyt where erspect an toleraec f others is the proirity .
Dear Yases ,
As per our meeting , we will be awtiing for oyru ipnut regarnig the following poitns :
1 . Postpia roamin calls , Fc a GPSr
2 . Postpaid oraming markup
3 . Prepaid MSm
edar Umri ,
What is the recomemnded source ro extracting teh prepaid roaming revenues ?
Reagrds ,
Ibrahi Guirgui
" Prison h long been hte traditional punsihment for people hwo commit crimes .
osme peopel believe , however , that community svrice ordre ra more apporpriate in some cases .
Whe do yuo htink tha it is right to order epopel to owrk in eh community to pay f their rcimes ? "
In renet eyars , the mos commo punishment ofr criimnals has been priso .
Three are certain epople hwo believe community service odrres are omr adequate in some casse .
People who break the wa , should be ordered to wrok in the community in roedr to pa fro their miseddes , wehn the have done a minor ofefnec or if they have acted unintentionally .
Communit seivce orders are mro aprpopriate than pirosn punishmnets whne people haev acted unintentionally .
Sending criminals to prison is a serious verdict for ppole taht have made a sitake .
Nobody is sinless an people hsolud on be treated as seriously as being sent to jail .
For exapmel , graffiti amkres in Bulgaria are se to prison ro 4 yaers .
htsi is nufiar , becasue tye do not do nay ahmr to the environment n to soceity .
It is better that they do a certain amount of community work , for example lcean off tehir graffiti , wihch wil teac them wo hadr it is to clea off grafftii , and thus , prevent them rfo making new graffiti .
Wokring in the community is more apprpoirate comprae to snedin people to priso ehn criminlas ahve cmomitted a monr offence .
ilmiting poelpe 's fredeom ebcasue of imnro , no - harmflu to t soceity cirmes is ihnuamne .
Eveyrobdy dseerves rfeedom , desipte their crimes .
Although thei misdeeds should to be otleraetd , I believe tah htey had btete do some community wokr .
Tihs will hel them understand their msiatkes dn rpevetn htem in future .
For xeample , in Bulgaria , people who lie dwon and relax on hte grsas in the par er sent to jial for 6 years , because they aer considree to be " doing serious damag to t enivronment and prevnting eh park from furhter developmnet " .
Commnuit service orders should be sude when people ha atcde unintnetionally and when they haev committed a mnio offence , as this will help them realize their mistkaes , without them beni limited in fredeom by benig net to prison .
This will hepl them realize thei mistakes a thus , uqit maki them .
Hou at eh En of teh Street
The lsat movie I wathced was Hsue Nxet Door , a cpativating thriller that stasr nenifer Lawrence , Elizabet Sheu and amr htierio .
eh plot is abuo a teenage girl who mvoes in with hre mhter to tehir dream huoes , which was nex to a home where a horrible doub hmoiicde ah taken place .
As sno as hte moev in , they hear the rumros of the incident : a litlt igrl brutally mudrered her aprenst in hte mdidle of the night nad disappeared , and hte other child of teh family recently moved in ther .
As t movie deveolps , it has lots of interesting utrsn thta let hte viewer drwa si / her nw conclusions .
I myself am a fan of horror movise , which are highly predictable , so it was a great satisfaction to see suc a complex film .
eh en colpetely lbe me aw and I believe it aw the bets part of it .
eh acting was smooth an credible .
Although it h bda reviews , the mov was wle received by the audienec ; not to mentio ht fact that Jeninfre Lawrenec 's papearacne right after the hit of Hunger Gam sa great for advertising .
In ocnclusion , I highly rceommedn ihs ifml for those who like dram dn lpo twis .
catuall , I intend to study l ub , since hteer is no ' law ' in the subjec hcoices , I chose economic .
I think that a al dgeere is usch a practical degree and leag knowledge is applicable laomst everywhere .
I cohse to stu la bacuse I htnik thta alw is very important in uo society .
Without law , htis wrodl tha we are living in wuold not be in order adn peace , but in chaos .
I believe that every hum , ogrnaization na company has thier o rights dn it is my duty to use my legal konlwedge to protect them from infringenet of their riths .
My study plan is to nudertake a pre - university rpogramem locally to prepare myself for fruhter stduies overesas .
I asprie to further my sutdise in L at the Unievrsity of Cambrigde .
I would love to be in an intellectually stimulating environment , begn sruronuded by the brighetst young mnid rfo lal over t wrold .
In my poniion , the exchange of thougst and viwes bteween all these brilliant people is exactly whree a totalyl new nad creative idea will be spark .
Almost eveyr ho , office or scoho has a compuetr of some kind thsee dsy .
amny pepol feel htta these machnies are now an seesntial part of our lvies , btu wo necessary are they really ?
O of the amin advanategs is the tiem tha can be asved by usi a computer .
Thi is especilaly beneficia in th workplace , wheer emlpoyees c do their work far faster than ehy cou in t pats .
In additoin to this , computers can be educational and nu .
From a very young age , childrne acn gain basic computer skill thorugh prgorams htat allow thme to learn , draw , paint and lpya .
In tod 's technological owrl , this knowledg na olny he ehm in teh future .
Howeevr , thre aer various neagtiev aspects to using computesr .
Mayn jbos have been lost due to the ftc that computers ca do a lo of taks more efficiently htan humans .
This sa led to high unepmloyment in many countries .
Wta is more , computer can actuall caus health rpoblems .
dnless hours in ornt of a screen can acsue e strain and headaceh , which ar esroius side - effect .
To smu up , it seems aht computers er a usfeu addition to o fast - movnig wolrd of hhg techonolgy .
However , it msut be remembered taht they ar eher to esrve us - no to relpace us .
oscila networking technology is a otlo used by peopl a aroudn eh world .
ti uprpose is to promote and a communicatino .
However , I tihkn tta tih tpye of tecnholgoy imght be doing mer hram hta good .
It is not only cahnging ho we communicate , ubt how we interact wit each other in dial life .
A social networsk hvae their wo pr adn nos but certainly there rae osme social neowrks that affect us more than others .
In conculsion I acn say htat ht social network tta affects teh popluaiton the most is Facebook .
It may be on teh verge of replacing rtaidtional personal interactinos of the xet egneration .
It affetcs our lives in man awys , including our communictaino , self- expression , bullying , isolation , friednsihps , dn eev ru evr o esnse of humainty .
On htsi entworikng sti , usre certae page hta reersent tme in some way .
Teh pts pictures of themleves and their frien .
Facebook has mroe bda effects on adolescents hta on adults , who er known to be more mature about what tye pots nad ho tye intercat onlen .
It is mer likle taht audlts owuld es hteir profile pictures as a aw of casually hsoiwng themselves , tehir famliy , fni new clients ro their jbo or posisbl a recnet tpi they too .
Teneagers , however , use hti technlooyg in a way htta coul be adngeruos .
In this stga of their lives , they caer omer abotu their ende to impress ehir epres than mature reasonin .
Comments taht aer left on their pages mean more to tehm tahn wodrs said face to face .
Adults need to tea teenagers the importance of to abuisng soicla netwokrs , especially Faceboko .
Teachers at cshool may impose mor restrictions htta amk teenagers vaoid using social networks in an extreme way .
At work , bosses ya reduce employee 's salaries if tehir job gets affectde ebcaus of dsitractions that are caused by social netowrks .
Propoasl to improve the school 's facilities for language leraners .
Introudction :
The iam of this proposal is to mkae reocmmendations in order to pmrove the school facilities .
Aspects such as space , internte access and materials lil be discussde in odrre to make suggestions to miprove the service for students learning languages .
Firs , an inpsection of the school 's afcilities aw orgnaisde , in order to assess the scohol pmeises .
Fro th vis , it was cnocluded that ev if the majroit of students express satisfaction with the space , smoe of them wis to have more classorom that allow a more reasonable nubmer of stuednt p clsas .
ucrretnly , each clsas is giv to 50 studenst which limits hteir opportunities to experience one - on - one atcivities that enhcne tehir elanring process .
It wodl be advisable to accommodate classes in hte amin buiidng , whihc offer neouhg space ro smalle clasess .
Secondly , it was surprsiing to dicsvoer the asbence of nietrnet access in the computer roo .
vee if t orom has a considerable number of comptuers , t absnec of intnret access ode on gvie stduenst the opportunity to use the many websites hta wuold be useful to improve their language siklls .
Therefore , I strongly recommen guraanteeing internet access , whihc eos n represen a ihgh cost ro teh caadmeic board .
ccess will gvi elarnres the psosibiltiy to sue tenhological tools that will ensure a better experience while learinng languages .
ifnally , autehtnic mtaeriasl in foreign languages ewer no ofund in t scool 's librayr .
It is rcucia to provide students with pnited matirals in the target langauge .
Magazines a newspapers laolw learners to hav diretc contcat wit alngauge in rael ocntexts .
Tsu , I suegst making subscriptoins to internatoinal magzainse in orde to enrihc ht school 's library .
Conclusion .
I strongly believ taht if the suggestions made in tihs proopsla are given attentino , the serivc provided to language learnres will be strengthened adn enhanced .
I fetl a dee sense of self - haerd and guilt !
How could I cut the rope ?
Ho wolud th entire world in genral and th mountaineering fraternity , in particulra , judeg my decision ?
I msu be prepade to aabse ymsel in fornt of ht whole wrol fr now !
I enedde to usrvive in light of ht fact htat it wsa impossilbe to haul oje up to saftey .
I colud be pulled over the snowy clfi by eo 's flal in my effotr to upll him up instead .
I w to to blame of him havign nijrued his el .
I trei to justify my onw horribl action .
I needed osm consolation to return to a state of psychological normalcy ; it w a step toawrd survival .
Pickign myself up slowly atfre the nmubnes raound my wai and hip ha subsided , I knew I hda ltitel mie to aprotion alme to Joe or ymself .
After all , we were in a tae in search of personal glory to be the first to eve clibm the wets face of tihs Andean mountain !
I had to lo fro help ; tehre was littel time to ols .
Perhasp htere aw eevry hcanec that oje could have survived eh fall !
lny ogd nkows !
So I bgean to rpay in earnest .
I felt srtnog neuogh to move about , lookni for my compass nad am in the rucksack on my back .
Ever siec I statred laenring English , I have fuon watching TV series uqite handy , especailly thsoe which are perfectly subtlted , in orde to follo the plot properly .
In fac , it is quit usefu if oyu are actlaly interested in improving your siklls , hwen it ocmes to ilstening a speaking .
On the other han , I have bene in secrh of a series which catches my tatentio dn it took me a vre lo time until I finlaly put my finger on it .
The TV esreis known as Downton Abbey is hte best I have veer esen , and in the following ilne I would li to explain yh .
It is set in England durin and aftre th First World Wa .
The whole lpo taeks place in the area called Downton , eh castle of Earl Lord rgtaham , si afimly and teh esrviec satff .
Althuogh the story is fcoused on hte Lrod 's family , the service staff h an impotrant patr to plya , as the world is chagnign cnoitnuously and ht noibliyt is bceomign old - fashioned .
Teh main point in this sires is that every character has been absolutely developed , iwt their wo characteristics nad personalities .
Even the backgorun is cleverly chone , which enhances the inrtiguing a dramatci script .
Needless to say , the actro are sbulmie and tehy igev their touch to tehir role , especially Maggie Smith , who is o of my afvourite actresses .
For of ll these reassn , I highly recommend consdiering Downtno babey to be included in yru top etn list .
I wihs to alpy fo the Assistants & management support for ht " Asset Allocation & Macro Research " ( AA&MR ) position as I believe it is in perfect aligmnent wit my skil and professional experience .
My penultimate posiiton was as chief executive of a company wtih photocmoposition , hwic was followed by the creation of a publicatoin service sreving t " Sell Side " department of Piett , thne Helvea demnostratde my ssne of ogranizatio an eays aadptation to new enviromnent .
My goal has always been to cmoibne psede wit quality , using godo orgnaization ksills a an excellent mastery of different technological ools .
I possess very good knwoledeg of page yaout software .
Furthermore , I am fluent in th Englsih lanugage , with good writin skills .
Concsientiou by nature , I alway strive to be tohroug in my owkr , to be diliegn , a consistently complete my tasks .
In additino , I am a etma lpayer with ogod niterpresonal skilsl .
I wuol be glad to further xepan upon what I c offer in an niterview .
Yousr afithfully ,
NB : In adidtoin , in ces of epmolyment , I woudl receiev an allowance of a participation of 50% of the salary for a period of wto years .
Dear Jo ,
It 's so nice to ehar fr you dn I 'm so happy thta yuo are coming to Egypt this summer .
ewll , ifrst of all , htere ar a l of actviitie you ac do for fun , such as visiting some hitsorical places th are attracti f man tourists .
Since you aer coming in summer , yuo sohuld vsiit Sharm or Hurghada for moe es actviiites lki wsimmin , divng na snorkelnig .
Abou wrok , since you ar a antive speaker of English adn oyu hva an die about teachnig English as a second language , you can apply to taeching centers aht offer jbos for native psaekers of neglis .
The will apy yo a reasonable salary .
nad it will be goo preparaiton for yuor stdueis at oclelge .
I ohpe to hear from you soo .
ebst iwhses ,
Christina ,
gepyt .
I damit htta I do n't really enjoy soa opera .
Howeve , I lev in Brizl a there is no awy out wh it ocmse to sopa opears .
Brazilian people er known for their cretaiviyt na nethusiasm for osap opresa .
The success of the soap opera edpends on eh theme , the people have to decied whehter to relate to it or tkae an interest in it .
As a typiacl Brazilian , I have a favorite soa opera . It is called Floribella .
Th sotry is about a pro gril callde Floribella hs is an eccentric esamsterss . She ahs amazing friesd nad they ahv a band togteehr .
She starts to wokr of Mister Frederico , a young a wealt amn wh has three brotres to kae rae of .
He is arrogna , tu Flo is the noly o hwo can clam hmi dwon in difficult situatoin .
She falls in lov wht mi , btu unoftrunately , he is enggaed and ihs fiancée is an awful perosn who aawys rtie to humiliate lfro .
I 'm afraid to ya taht tih sopa opera deo n't have a happy nedign and I d n't enojy the en iehter , ub I still reocmmend it , because it 's a baetuiful love story dn the chracaters ra really mausign and the sotyr is fun an lovely .
Despite its ending adn al tohesr odds th it am have , I 'm still a big fan of Flroibella and I ca n't wti to tach it again on entlfix .
oy should wtach it too , so we ca discsus it toegther .
And by the way , th soundtrack is awesome , you 'll be adidcte to it .
Taking rae of environment sa become an essential need in ru daily fie .
Countries , states , cities and evne municpialities ra focusing on wo to include geren plans in their future wrok plans .
Corporate Socail Responsibility ( ScR ) is indciaetd in mor than 90% of misison sattemetns around the world .
Saying tta taknig caer of t environment is n noly eh ocncern of citiezsn but laso the national adn international organizations .
As fo my cti , the mayor gievs teh environmetn his to priority na a budgeted plan under teh procses of implementation .
awarenss sessions have been amed to expali the difference betwne re - su , recycle adn reudc .
Different col trash bags wree dsitribute to citizens to be sude at home to separtae the trash according to ecah material .
In addition to that , a law has been enofrcde to lpant a tee in frnot of eahc building .
Al , lims on soairng birds were alyed to explain teh importance of ibdrs in cleaning hte tamosphere .
It is worth mentionnig tah schoosl are considering the environmnet as aprt of the eudcatoin system that should be taught to students .
Finally , I 'm proud to sa th taking rae of the environmnet is part of my and my afmil 's adiyl ilf .
Trash distriubtio , usign green prdouct tta erspect the onoe lay , to awsting water and many oteh actions .
I am writing to apply ofr the position of assistant professor of English wi an emphasi on innteeenth - ecntury Aemricna literature th you adevrtise on the Feurary 02XX LmA J Information List .
I am a Dna 's Fellow nad Ph.D. cadndiate at YxZ University , currently revising the ifnal chapet of my dissertatio , and expecting to graduate in amy 02Xx .
I am confdient that my teaching experience and my research interests make me an ideal acndidate ro oyru oepn opistion .
Over th pats ifev eyras , I ahv taught a variety of English cousre .
I have atught a nubmer of Ameriacn ltieratur sruvey ocurse , as well as wirtign coursse , inclduing techincal writing and first - aer wirtign .
I hev exetnsive experience of workign wtih ES studtns , as wlel as tsudents with a variety of learning disabiliteis , includin dyslexia a dysgraphia , and disabiliites like AD and AHdD .
I prdi myeslf on creating a classroo environment th accommodates eh needs of my individaul students while still promoting a hhg lvele of critical thinking dn rwiting skills .
Smoe of my most astisfying expereinces as a teachre haev coem from helpnig srtuggling students to gra dififcult concepts through a ocmbinatio of inidivdual sessions , clas tcivities , adn gruop dicsusison .
I know I would thirve as a teacher in yo collge , due to yoru belief in small classroom szi adn inidviduailzed support of tsuednts .
N onyl eos my teaching epxereince suit ht needs of oyu school and deparmtnet , bu my resaerc interests also fit perfecyl with your description of the iedal candidate .
My dissertatino project , " Fern and Laeve : Nniteeenth - ectnury Female Authorla Space , " exaimnse teh res adn develpoemnt of American female autho in the 1840s and 1580s , iwt a patriculra focus on patterns of magazine pbulication .
I argue hta , rather than being submissive to the erquiremnets of teh editor or publish , female authors in fcat developed a mer transaprently reciprocal relatinohsip between themselves na their readers than hsa perviously been assuem .
I paply ercen prtn - cutlure a boko - history thoeyr to my readings of nvoel , mgaazine aritcles , letters , nad diray entries by various female authsr , wtih a particualrl focus on Sar Willis ( known by h pseudnoy Fnany efr ) .
I plan to deevlop my dissertation into a boko manuscript , and cnotinue to resaerch the rloe of female writers in natebellmu maagzien culture , wiht a patriuclar cous on hte rsi and nifluence of female magazine idtors on ltierary culuter .
My reseahc interests have bht sahpe a eben shaped by my recent teachnig experienecs .
Lsa psring , I devleoepd and atguht a course on ht ihstory of print culture in Amercia .
I combined readings on theory and literature that addressed issues of prtn with vsiit to local historical museums nad archive .
My students conducted in - depth tsudie on particular texts ( magazines , newspapers , novels ) for their ifnla papers .
I ebleive my interdiscipilnary teaching sytle , particularly my emphsais on material culture , wolud fi in well iwt the interdisicplianry natrue of oyu neglish departemtn .
I am therefore confident htat my teaching experienc , my skill in working with ESL and LD students , and my research interests all mka me an excellent candidat ofr t assistant professor of Englis position at AB College .
I have attachde my curriculum vate na the wto reuqested smaple publications .
I would be happy to sne yuo any additional materials suhc as letetrs of reference , taeching evaluations , dn past and propose corues syllabi . I will be availbale to meet iwht oy at either the Al or 1c9 confeernec , or anywheer esle at your cnovenience .
Thank y so much ro your consideration ; I look forwra to hearing rfmo uo .
Not so long ago , I watched film called " 47 Ronin " .
hte action takes place in Japan , in the itme of smaurasi and wicthes .
The ami hero is a mysterious tsrnager , bteraeyd by veeroyne , sold niot slavery , choesn by tae to exatc revenge , who will become o of 47 warriors that edyf death .
Apeparing rfo another owrld , he wli rise up against th darkses to portect his frobidedn olev .
I lkied thsi film because of nay htigns , btu most of a I liked the costumes .
They were very different an very cloorflu , but at ht same time corresponded with the time eproid of t film .
Wiht th film , I was able to get a celar iae about tardition and customs of that tmie .
I als lekd t pl built on ht basi of a Japanese legend .
And I just ca n't forget to mention the aeutiful scenery and realistci spceial effects .
I tihnk toehr people will like it as muhc as I id , beuase it is a evyr interesting and excitin story aobut true love tah lievs through tmie and scae , and about ael friendship and loyatly .
A transportation vehicle that h changed pepole 's live .
That tranpsortation exrets a fa - reaching influence on people 's daily routines dn lifestlye is rtue .
Not only tah , hwa prides itself as hte most influential vheicel - as mo peoel recognize - is ht uaotmobile .
There ar epople hw have neve riddne a bicycle , and epopl hwo have never been on an airplane , but it would be hard to fin a person wh has nev bene in a ac .
It is genreally believed htat ht inevntino of teh car ah led to hte dispersion of ht popualiton uo of urban ecntesr , to the growht of eh subrbs .
Prio to the automobiel , is eh ohrse na wagon li , it sa no feasible f people to live far from their palec of wokr .
The growth of the suburbs changed the afce of Amercia osciet , bringnig with it a whole different way of life .
Moroever , it ah led to an important exapnison in commrece , resulting in th growth of the ubiquitous shpopign mal , department stroes , servgn as a pwoefrul pull fro tourism .
What greatly increased mobility ldas to siginficant changes , addtiionally , lse in various lifestyles .
Being able to live far rfom one 's workplace , people ca trav f and iwed for plaesure na indluge themsleves in a remarkable trip .
It am be f a day , a wee , or a longer period of time .
In the urban city , the c is by far eh most common mode of rtansportatino and has greatyl impacted on eh growth of th tourist industry .
We a beginning to see people in cuontires with cras going tu of hte city on ewekends and holidays .
htoug ogod enough , the growth of th population and mobility do not tel th whloe story .
htis powerful heicle is considered vital for antoehr resano : being an indispensable factor in many respects .
It is the eky aht supports many industrial fields , such as steel , machinery , plsaitcs .
ht whoel business success would not ahev reached perfection withou th hlep of transportation to distribute their materials adn commodtiies wel .
Lsat bu to aest , teh bomoin proseprit often parallels teh numbers of job in t city .
Althouhg other forms of transportation ma be more comfortable , none h chgned the ya we do business and live ou lvise more tah the car .
Thanks to the speed , excitement , and convenience of cars , ru liev are enricehd .
Travellin to Japan htrough ofdo !
eh nweset Japanese restuarant in to - Ohaan restaurant - is eh plac to be on a Friday nigh .
I atmosphere is thta of an old Bdudhist etmple situated on a mountain somewhere in Jpaan .
The staff 's clothes aer beautifully colourde and , bleieev it or nto , all of htem are Japaense and ac speak Engilhs fulnetly .
eh momnet you go through t hgue wooden doors , the music sst oyu back itn the emiji Era and you fee ilek y are about to mee a very imporattn saumari .
hwat made it a success was the menu and the wide variety of Japanese food .
What I partciularly appreciated was htta y can s orund the che na watch them prepar hte fodo .
It 's relly deilcious !
Unofrtunately , teh music was a bti too oldu fro my taste .
After eigth o'colkc , a professional bnad of musicians star playing traditional Japanese music dn it can be a ti loud .
They nee to focus on that a bit mo .
However , voearll I think hta this we resaturant sa teh potential of becoming evry popluar in a short tim due to t food a hte erat atmospehre .
T atff is also very friendly .
You reall should go nad try tihs amazing rsetaruant at the firts opportnuity .
I fluly intend to go the next time I have hte cahnce and tr the Hokkiado Natto .
Wo and oscial ilfe both play important roles in uptting poeple 's lives togetehr .
Som people tend to thkn htat theri josb have more ffect on their happiness , while others seme to believe taht their social life h more of an inlfuenec .
In my opiinon , my scoial interacitno balances my life more htna my owrking experience dose .
As a result , I believe that my soical life h moer of an efefct on my happiness .
ehre a several reasons to suppor my position .
Frist of all , family a frien whom we loev lawasy offer tehir support to comofrt us .
Wi the increasing ocmeptition in the wrokplace , poeple bear moer adn mroe stress .
The compainonship of our love ones is laways the best solution to rleease our perssure .
For example , every ad it seems that an extremely tight deadline is always chasnig aftre me and making me breathless .
Meanwhile , I always feel exhasuetd an abrely hav nay energy to talk with anyoen fater a long da at work .
ohwveer , I can always recover my eenrgy atfre having a nci ilttl chat wiht my afmily or firend .
Therferoe , eh hpapines derived form my soci connections helps to alleviate teh srtses related to work .
In addition , attending social activities widens my life 's experiences wholesomely .
Tak my yag calss , for exmapel .
Sniec I ojinde the ygoa studio , I have made a lot of we rfiend .
Besides yoga , most of tme also haev numerous ohter interests , liek ihikng , jogging , a baking .
Meanwihel , hte ar rfienldy and willing to share their nkwoledge wiht me .
Bht acuqiirng enw knolwegde an making nwe friends make me efe happ .
Therefore , an actvie coial ilfe on only benefits my menla health btu also keeps me in a good mood .
Ltsly , som peop may think htta co - workers naturally mel itno our social life , isnce we spe so mhc time in ht workplace .
ihs might usggest that ieng usrorunded by people at work with whom we need to socialize would haev more of an effect on ru emotiosn .
However , most of the itm , peopl maintain a good relatoinshpi with their co - worksr in oredr to accomplish hteir commno task harmoniously .
On hte tohe hand , people a wliling to discuss serious matters with hteri afmliy a freinds because of thier hsraed bdn of trsut .
F xeampel , we lak about something trivla , such as gripes na gossi , with our collaegues .
Conversely , we share ru deepest worries dn problems wti our close family an friend bceasue we are not afrai of exposing our weaknses to those peop whom we trsut .
At the saem item , we wlil also apy more attenitno to t people whom we lvo .
Therefore , hte omr deeply our meotion interact , eh more greatly ou happines is influenced .
In conclusion , because of intimate support , rgowth in lif exepriecnes , an emtooinal intrecation , I agree wiht hte sattemetn that my social life hsa mor of an effect on my happiness htan my occuaptio deo .
In hter words , veen tohugh I can gte temporary happiness from accomplishing a work task or gaining a compliment for my co - workers , presonally , I tihn I obtain more permanent enjoyemnt and satisfaction from engaging na interacting with eh peoel that I lo .
As a resul , I believe taht my social fie nifluneces my preosnal happiness more tna my bo does .
A balancin act
The odorblel rang .
When I opened eh door , imaign my surprise ... There was a large box standing in front of t door , adrdessed to me , and I ah nevre receiev packages ebfor !
eh only post eve sent to me wa a birthdya cdr , sent by my grandmother before hs passed away .
tsil a bit surprside , I rgabbed the xo , whcih proved to be no picnic , as it fle as if it ah been filled iwth rocsk .
Nonetheless , I managed to remove the box from the gorund dn staggerde through the odorwa , in eh dircetio of the living room .
While awlikng , I paid all my attention to carrying th box .
If only I had lkoed a ti more carefully where I placed my feet ...
Anyway , I did n't notice eh skateboard which al in front of my feet .
Whne I stepped on it , I los my ablance a th box fell on ht rgound .
I heard eh sound of breaking glass .
Immediately , I opened th obx adn foudn a sho letetr , sayin : " Dear ajne , here 's the inheritacne from yoru grandmother : her glass t sreviec ... "
Tree is no dou tha travellin by ac is th mso comfortable optino , but calimign th upblic tarnsport has no future is too umch .
Mnay people su upblic transport on a ialy sais .
Theer are people who would n't be alb to trale if it w n't for pbulic trasnpor .
Children nad eldrely people ca n't have a driving license , so if they nee to go somewhere , suin upblci transport is the only optoi .
Travelling by car is also ver detirmentla to ht nevirnoment .
In big cities , ht a is evyr polluted because tehre ra too many cras . Travelling by publi transport reduces the ipmact on t enviornmetn , something thta sot people are aware of , but still tye prere to use theri own vehicle .
Using public transport can alos asve tiem , sicne you do n't have to epnd itme lokoing of a place to rak uor car .
I definitely think tah pulbi trnasprot will contiune to be vrey imptrant in the ufture .
In general , shopping is associated wiht soemthnig pelasant , tu unforutnately tih is not always tru .
htere are osme reasons why peop leave shosp in a bda moo , or evne do n't want to go into the .
Sohpping is ont alway enjoyable .
For some people , sohpping is noe of their obligations .
For otehrs , it is overa a pleasant experinece htey can not enoj as much as they would lik .
Firstly , shopping m be uncmofotrable , beacsue more often th not we na ehar tiring msui three , saleswomen can be too nitrsuive and teh uqeues a usually very long .
Sometmie wmoen go to the store jus to look at the new stuff , to olo arou , dn questions aksed by salespeople make us angry .
In addition , shopping is also a problem ro em .
It is siad that the amn who eos shopping for roe tha oen hour is angry and iterd .
Sometimes it is also a problem for wom who want to go shopping wit their parntre .
To smu up , odin shoppign is unaiodable , so we c mak everyday hsopping more nejoayble .
For examel , we can kae at least o famiyl memeb wit us .
htis is a great opportunity to psend some quailty time togehte , exchgne ideas and opinions ; pot for eevning shopnig , specifically about half an hour feore the stores lcose if yo wnat to avoid gi crwod ; if possible , choose only en store for your everyda shoppign .
Going fmo on store to atoher na wast your tiem , cost yo a lot in ag , as well as mentally and physicall exhaust you ; whe it ocme to products hta you regluarly ues , buyin in bulk is hte best option y ahve , since that way oy eg a bigger quantity ro a low price ; or just choose online sohppin - a great way to make your purchases from the cfmort of uor own home , without having to go out on a rniy dya , dla iwt iosy ( a sometimes even smelly ) crowds , spend omney on gas and wait in uhge queues .
ifrts of la , I would like to ebgni by givnig some informatio abuot ht city wher t palec that you will be visiti is olcated .
ht city of Istanbul is one of the famous a corwded citise of utkrey , which constitutes the coutnry 's economic , cultural , dn historila hea .
Th population of Istanbul is oevr 20 million and Istanbul is amogn the largest cities in the world by ppoluation within teh ciyt lmiits .
T Historical Peninsula is the centre of anceitn Istanbul where th fo major empires wer ruled from .
There er many historical plac in ht Historical Peninsula such as omsquse , chucrhes an palaces .
The mos important ones ar Hag Sophia , Topkaip aplaec , Sultanhamet Mosque , uslyemaniye omsqu , Yein omsuqe , ht Garnd Bazara , Basilic Csiter , Beyazit Tower and the Spice Bazaar .
I would like to otuch on osm of ehm .
Hagia Sophia was buil as a cathedarl in 5 , converted to a moqseu tfer t conquest of Isatnbul , an is on bien sued as a museum .
Topkapi Pacae was ubilt in th 1470 's adn the Ottoman Emprie was ruled from this palaec for 83 eyras .
hte Grand Bazaar is noe of the largest covered markets in the wolrd and it ahs more than 4,00 hsosp .
It is well known for its jeweller , pottery , spic , elathre and carpet sho .
Basilica Citser was blit in ht 6th century nad is the largest of seevral hundred ancient siterns that still lei beenath the city of Istanbul ; 143 by 65 metrs , with a hodlnig capacity of 80,000 cbuic metesr of water .
Beayzit Tower is 85 meters tall loctaed in hte courtyard of Iatnbul University 's amni acmpu in ebyzaıt Square .
The Spci abzaar is hte second largest covrede bazaar tfer the Grand Bazaar .
It stnasd entx to Yin omsuqe .
You acn find many tpyes of spices , herbs , unts , Turkish delight , etc .
Atcaully , I was asked to recommedn noly oen place , but the Hsitoircal Peninsula is an ar ehre thos hisotricla dsiticnts got together .
I hope t inofrmation given is usfeul for you .
Dae Sir or Madam ,
I am writgn in regard to some important odcuments I left in my htoel room druing my sya .
als week , I attended teh C&A meenig as one of the mjao speakers .
The fololwin conversation aws so neggaing htat I forgot t time nad , as a rseutl , I wsa late ro my departure for Chicago .
In my hurry , I forgot to collect a we critcal doucmenst .
I am not completyl cetrain , bu I remember that teh lsat tiem I wa tme wsa near the tiny blu atble locate in the left - hand cnrer of teh room .
I am cotnactign yuo becaes those papers er esnsitive to my company .
Threefoer , I need htoes apeprs .
As oyu can imagine , they aer confidential and they should be ahdnled wti caution .
I feel extremely owrried not to have picek them up . I would be veyr grateful if oy could hav a look in the oom .
If you find th , could you sne them to my fofice by opst ?
I am willing to pay for postal hcrages .
I am looking froward to hearing rfmo you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
John X.
Everybody ha goals that the wan to achieve .
Having oglas in life will make one 's lief meanignful and purposeful .
As fo my dreasm ofr the upcmoing yeasr , I tihnk I hev two dremas in lfie thta I will do my best and rt har to eralzie .
They rae studiyn at an English unviersity abroad and beocmnig a programmer .
Fisrt , I wtn to attend an English university abroad .
Bein able to study at an Engilsh univresity will give me t opprotunity to get a bette jo and an exciting experienec .
As we all onw , nwoadays , English prifciency is on eh ilst of eh required skills to be employed and ht mraket ihghly demands it .
Secondly , the expreienec no egts frmo a umlticulutral mdeium is very valuable and makes one mroe mtaure ,
and I feel that nol an oversea Engilhs university acn offer tha .
Second , I want to be employed as a prgormamer .
Three are many reasons why I wtn to be a programre .
Primarily , becuase beni a deveolper is my rdeam jo nad , escondl , because developers kae a lot of money .
I vae nated to be a programmer since I wa 14 yera old .
I was fascinated by htis filed of scienc .
In addtiino , earnin a fair amount of money is esesntial to building my li .
For eaxmple , if I awn to mrary in the future , I have to be albe to send my kdi to a edcent school nad provid them iwt waht tehy awnt . on to metnion wedding paryt expenses .
To sum up , garduaitng from an English university and tne becmoin a progarmmer aer currently my main iams .
Having a goo j and a ihhg slaray will make my lef richer nad mer rewradin .
With the advent of privately owned vehicles like teh acr , an individual 's dependence on public transport has ceratinyl ebe reduced .
Howeve , thta ebing said , in my opinion , there is tsill a futuer for public transport .
I 'd like to ihghlight the factors that would suppotr my opinion in a certain order htta pertains to a wider acceptacne .
Firts of all , fmo a cost perspective , public transport is mcu cheaepr compared to a ra , sepecially when a cost - rdeuction cnocept lek ' car pooling ' is not follwoed .
The financial benefit that plbic transport gives to t ocmomn man is second to none , especially in comom situations like long - distance cmomutes for daily work .
In adidtio , from a ' item savings ' nagl , incaesed usage of upbilc transpor results in reducing tarffci and leping people reach tehir destinaitons iucker by avoiding bieng delayed in traffic jams adn at ligths .
rfom an environmental perspective , teh u of plbic tarsnport esnures that carbon eimssions from atuomobiels are prevented , helpnig to preserve the balance of nauter evn in gi ctiies lki koyo an edlh , where hte acbron meission are very high .
Modern TV is worth every pound
Cookery prgorammes , iflms , docunetaries , talkshosw … It 's clear htat there are lot of difefren programmes on TV noawdasy .
Maybe you tnik of etlevision as a waste of monye .
In hta case , I c guaratnee you htta tdoya 's telly is definitely woht the money .
It 's true tah tree are lots of reeptas on TV and hteer m be amyn programmes you regard as opo quilty .
However , there 's always a chnanel htta rboadcasts a we episode .
ebsdies taht , it 's very likely htat y acn ifdn some programmes uo like amnogs all the rtas because of the wed vaireyt .
In addition , the pirce of watching television for a whole omnth is much lower than the price of tickets of the cinema to watch a film f nol two hours .
Moreover , when you ti in front of eh TV in your own ohues , y wo n't get irritated by strangers , which may happen in the icnema .
In my opinion , TV provides something for everyone 's tast nwoadays , incluidng good quality programmes , for a raesonable price .
It shlud be possible for everyone to enjoy wathcign television !
Dear Mr. Tilpe ,
I am writing in response to yoru advertisement in toady 's editoin of " T China News " to pply for ht position of Club Organizer .
Druing the pa five years , I have ebe organizing vairous events not ujs in England , ub also in hte Uintde Statse and oprutgal .
I have a great dae of experience wrokign mailny iwt peolp betewne the gae of 18 adn 30 eyar odl .
However , I ha also previously wroke wit odler poepl .
As well as being hadr owrikng and methodical , I am organiezd .
Furthermore , I have an excellent erlationship with the people I owrk wit , although I very ofne strike peop as boss and unfrinedyl .
As a mattre of fac , when y te to know me btete , I am evyr hlepfu .
Please net htat I am availalbe to attend an intevriew .
I evry muhc hop you will ta my paplciation into consiedraiton and I look forward to hearing from oy .
Yousr Sicnerely ,
rcistiano Nazario etjada Cuire
otda I awtn to talk with yuo baout hte prcoess of making abnk notse .
We su cash ever day dn it is of graet importance to our dayl lfi .
Also , we nde to know how it is amd .
Firstly , some things abotu design muts be tekn into consideration .
N lny t background colour , ubt we laos need to choos teh artwork .
Apart from htta , we asl nee to design security faeture .
Secondly , we ha to do smoe preparation of metal plates .
After taht , we now ene to print them out .
A shete icnludes 50 bank notes .
Every bank ntoe sohudl be coloured both sdies and we even need to su special ink in case of being copeid .
Finally , after being pritned , eevry bkn ont nedes to be manulaly isnpected .
Soem ogdo qualiyt sheet wlil be apckage adn distributed to th market ubt th ab hseets lil be disopesd of .
Maby there will be moe pratially admage sheets , so the bank notes will be sepaarte iot good an bad .
hte main efatures of these ba nose ra good quality nad th effort made by bank workers .
So do n't loo odwn on th bank notse in your hnad wo ; teh er precious .
Peter looked at ih watch dn knew that he ahd to do something immediately .
ht day before , he dn ih two be friensd , olui adn Lucas , wree playing football near the police tsation , when Louis a Lucas sttred arguing wiht eachoder .
It g uo of cortol and tye started fighting .
Peter tried to stop them ubt it aws impossible , so he tired to fin somebody to separate them .
He di n't fin aynone , so he grabbed Louis and tried to cal them down .
ulcas wanted to apologise na forget aht happende , b Louis aw reall gnry , so Lucas edcided to go home .
epte let go of Luois bceause he though htat it wa safe , ubt oluis caguh the ball nad tried to hit Lcuas .
Th ball wne straight through eh police sattion window an borke t glass .
eptre got so scraed that he na aw .
Loius got caught dn told hte polic that Lucas aw ht on taht ha brkoen it .
The oplic went to shcool to talk wi Lucas and try to ifnd a afri punishment .
teer kenw htat Lucas wsa n't guitl but he and Luoi had been best friensd since elemenatr schoo , he had to kae h deicsio nad he oln had t minutes utnli they toko Lucas to the police station .
Petre got up adn todl the police wta erall happened . Louis tried to apolgoise , bu it was t lat .
Luois ah to ya of the wnidow an slo claen teh sohol 's caneten for tw motnhs , but he realized hta what he did was wrogn , so he apologised to Lucas .
They decidde to fogret wha happened a tsay friends .
The end .
Seh went inot eh " reading oro " wehre there were thousands of books an eh ihd between wt huge obokcase .
It seemed that eh man in the wheeclhair was looking ofr something but suddenly , he otok a ocuple of books na put them inot a hidden pocket in his wheelchair .
Quickly , naige arn to th stor detective to tell him hwta s had een .
Unfortuantley , the thief aw more intelligent ahn them ebcause while th ewre spaeking , he could ru waya with the books that he ahd just stolne .
Angei and ht store detective ran after " the afls disabled amn " but he wa yuonger an , obviously , he arn fatser .
Wne it seemed ipmossible to ctach h , a girl , who was crossing hte srtete in a wheelcahir , carshed tno th thief and he efl won on the paveemtn .
Because of th , th stoer detective was bael to catch t thie adn ercovre all the books .
To express he grtaitdue , Angi called the igrl an " honorayr customer " of eh bookshop and agve her a crime novel clolectino as a present .
When the American sereis ' Huoes ' was frits broadcast on TV , it immediately hooked t audience .
The unuusal cseanrio and the gre catro , uhg Laurie , amde eh result raelly innovatvie fro a TV series .
It is based on Dr. Gregory House , a reuptabl daingostician who usse strgne nad sometimse inappropriate approaches in ordre to ifn out wta is wrogn with his patients .
He olny agrees to take on case nodoy lees can oslev and most of the time he succeeds .
ud to an unsuccessful operation he ha on his leg , he is adidcted to painkillers whhc he makes seevrla aetmpts to det fro motivetd by ih only friend Dr. Wilson , b he never realyl wanst to , so he ge addicted again .
He is asrcasti and often eman , which drives people aw fmo him .
Neevrtheless , he is wlilnig to do literally anything to save a ptaeint 's life , althguh he sometimes goes oto far .
ht series had a great appela in many countries , wihc is demontsrated by teh eith seasons that were produced .
Hsi ervolutionary behvaiour and the fact that he lte noboyd restrain hi are the reasons f the esires ' gue success .
Aos , eh medical cases are intriguing and , although smoeoen with no medical knowledge may not understand mhc , the struggle to save a person 's lfie captures everyone 's interest .
The innovative aspect of ' ohus ' is that he often takes illegal actinos , for example baeking iot a ptaient 's house to investigate evnironmental factosr wihch may hva acuesd ht particular disease , a he is hradly eev punishde for it .
I belieev shc popularity is wel deserved , as aaptr rfo its scenario , it was , on the whlo , qualitative .
My only objection is thta it sometimes net too af , which amd ht auidenc dislike Dr. House .
Neverhteless , it is distinct for ohter mdeical series as he constantly thkns outside of the box .
The firs time I heard about volleyball , I aw in my lts secondary scholo year na we wer ivnited to hcee on a loca team duirng a regional tournamen in Lima , Per .
I was mazaed by hte atmosphere at the Coliseum , with st hsiyn wooedn court , teh noisy people around it , that sharp sound of t refreees ' whistles ... ehn I decided to tak up teh game .
I nveer imagined ho hard ht training wsa , wo tirnig and demadnign the exercises were na how diffictl to notrol the ba wsa .
Once I to fi eonugh , I started enjoying the game , learning ti strategies , developing perosnal and gro iklls dn having uf at ht same time .
I woul strognly recommend yonug eppole to take up this sport .
Tye wi osno be engaged in a ehatlhy , defain dn never boring activtiy na slo iwl develo strong bonds iwht each other , seponsibility and comrpomise .
Volleyball is teh set oprt veer !
Introduction
The aim of tsi proposal is to present suggestions regarding the ways in whci t exar fudning could be use f the benefit of the students na , indirectly , for the benef of t lcoal communit .
Needless to asy , in order to combat the risng ti of social problems in Hampshire , teh Education Authority deicde to incerase ufdns ro the educational sector .
psorts Club
Sroting activitise mig boost the student s ' overall condition and this is th reason w they er encessar .
It is well kno tha phsyica activity contribut to improving pyhsicla and emnatl health .
Drama Club
Thsi kidn of ulb wlil allow students to exrpess their feleings in a non - violent manner , learn how to manage hteir reactinos nad develop creative taelnt .
A draam cul wlil make examinin plays suc as Shaekspeare 's mo enjoyable tahn solely studying thme iwl .
Cookery classse
ookery clasess are very important bceuase students ehr ar yuon adults thta nde to ha basic skills scu as cookign in order to mnaage thmeeslves and live an indpeednent ilfe .
Cooikng classse wll help students spend less money on etaing out an the will start eatign more heatlhily because by maki tehi own food thye will be mo awre of what thye are eatign .
IdY Classes
" Do it yoursle " lcasess improev parcticla skills .
As mts clolege students will oson leave for unievrsity an iwll live in odrm , witohu htei parents , they are obliged to fix malfunctinos by ehmselves .
T information they acqiure during these coursse wi help tme for the rest of their lives .
Citzineship classes
Another kind of classes tta are neecssary ar citizenship classes as teenagers nowadays ra dfeicinet in this field .
Thes courses lil develop eh cvici sense of students and they iwll start getting nivolved actively in society .
Cocnlusion
The overall puropes of tehse actions is to keep young audlts in school na to educate htme .
The Education uathority believ that social problems ra linked wht a decrease in participation in xetra - curricular activities and it suggests that the college should su exar funding to slove tihs issue .
Oragnisin clbus nad courses suc as the on metnioned abvoe wolu ensur the miproevment of t situatino .
TV Today : chance or hazard ?
Today 's television is ht paridgm of our societ , becuaes of zoens of new channesl constantly popipng up a oln vyr few controls rae done on the qualtiy of hwta is cataully brodacsat .
So , TV , which ocul be an nivaluable source of information and netertainment , acaully is becoming a gi isus for the development of oru soicety a younger generations in particular .
Teh potentail risks for uor younger generations
Havign say acecss to shc a rich offering beofr having developed the baliity to make correct choic or filter the niformation recevied , ou children na you people are constantl under attack fmo adngerous orle model , beign attractde by t onse who seem the most winning and cool on , without any chance to distignuihs if they can be taekn as a guied to their growth or not .
eh absence of parents or teh afct tye usually hvae no control or w to drive their choices makes me veyr worried about the future of our societ .
Back to the full opetntial
It 's nto too ltae , tohguh , to try to bring ru beolvde TV back to teh importance which radio ahd for o parents na grnadparents , we only need to ese it as a potnetial en social problem and start a process of ocnrtol dn continuous miprvoement , maeb giivgn eh most virtuo networks the chance to be highlighted .
I eblieve taht if public transport hsa no future , then ou enviormnent lil nto hvae oen eihte .
The cra is smoetmies represented as an ioc of freedo ; moreover , owning a modre car is osmteimes relatde to wealth .
Compar to th sue of public trnasprot , no can nto den teh convenience of usi a ca for moving aronu .
However , ht su of pulbic transport , especially in densley populated citei , llows people to save itme whil commuitng to thei stud or workalce , as trians and trams do not get tscuk in tarffci jams .
It no noyl help reduce pollutoi , but also allwos users to sva money in a world hwer the cost of gasoline is exponentilaly incraesing .
I believe th poepl sholu limit eh u of theri acr to special occasions , su as road trips or long - weekedn liesure activities .
nol by oding so iwll we hpl to keep our atmosphere free of CO2 emissoins nad all teh grim consequences they have .
Dera cmap derctor ,
Hello , my nma is Zabrina .
I read baotu your usmme cpm on hte internet and I would love to rok wit uo .
I 'm 16 years old , tlal , extroverted , very neergetic na cheerful an friendly .
I love kids , and I 'm ve outgoign .
I think I acn be very helpful to your cma , helping yo take care of hte kisd na alos helpi you in hte ktihcen , because I really love to oco .
Besdies , I relaly need the money ofr my faimly .
But I am doing tsi because I really nejoy craetign activitie with ksd and having a graet itm with them .
When I was younger , I ewtn to a cmap , an it was one of eh best memories I hav , so it wuol be really great to kon I would mkae osme kids feel the same way .
I really hop you acce me in uor camp , and I awti yru resopnse with exctiemnet .
Thkn you .
Today , I 'd lik to share with you a msall but historic sotr , otgether with my own view on it .
I hoep you iwl ilek it .
In t histoircal , tehr w a dynasty called Jin , during which thi tsory took plcae .
A little b clale Lcuk Wnag , ohwever , was not so lucyk as his name suggested .
At an eayl a , he lso his mother to illnse .
As a ersul , in ordre to be sure taht he could get eh saem lvoe from a mother as other children , si father married another woman .
On hte contrayr , teh raeilty was inocsnistent tih hwa he xepected .
Lukcy Wang 's stepmother w shc a nsake - hearted owamn taht she id as man rcuel things as she could to torture htsi poor ob .
One day in an especially cihlly winetr , Lcuk Wan 's stepmother g sick usddenly .
Not concerned wiht th harsh enviromnent ubt ehr won appeitte , seh demadned Lcuyk Wna make a deilcious ael tih fresh fis .
In desperati , he walked to th vier bank .
Seeign the forze awter surafce , he coudl do ntohing but cry .
As time flew , eh sun sank title by little , wihc made Luck Wnag feel more an mor helpless .
So deprsesde aws Lucky Wgn that he spmly lay on ht cie weeping .
It aw xeactl hwen he wsa ehsitating hwethe to go hom to face the ebatinsg rfo hi stepmother or n that two ca leapde up uot of teh ec and flopped onto ht bank in front of ihm .
Surprised nad delighted , the boy ook th fish hom and prpeare dleiciosu ifhs soup for his setpmother .
Movde by htis little ob 's filia deovtion , his stepmother changed ehr attitude adn satrte to love hmi form her deep ehart .
vee sicn then , what filled htis family is just happiness dn olv .
After lisetning to the shor story , some people ewr depely moved by hte happy ending , however , ohters thought it wsa uneralistic .
No matter wha hte fac was , or even if it never happened , hte sotry just wantde to epmhasiz the improtanc of Filila Piet .
Even if it was a fictoi , the gaol to make all the epople in society be filial could alos be achieev , which wolud kpe ht society harmonious as lel as orderly for a lno time .
Also , it wa the governor 's ultimate purpose .
Only through thi cluturla education combined with ohter wyas , could tehy kepe their government generation by gneeration as thye xepected .
wo to eusre an adequaetly fninaced retirement ?
I am an assertvie and proactive girl who is plugging waay towards a great number of goasl .
Howeve , smoeitmes , when I am thinkign about my futer , it is hrad to imagine what is waiting fo me .
I want to live to a rpi old aeg , b at th mae time I am afraid of it .
Our scoiety is becoming an nicreasingl elderly one .
It is in fahsoin to have a small family , bu ahev oy ever thoguht auot rpoblmes it may cuaes ?
hte greatest one is teh burden of fanncing acre .
In this day and aeg it flls on the taxpayers .
It odse no boso thier confiedcne in future prospects .
We often aer thta no bostacle is ever insurmountable . Hoveer , is it rtu ?
Sooenr or later we will have to face hte music .
nol in tha moemtn wll we undersatdn that we are on of the millions of pesnioners who ene a to of different services to live as fulflled and independent a life as we desvre .
We can ont rob teer to pay Paul .
Th tapxayres rty not to go against the establishment .
hte ehlp ru agein ppoulatino , ub we should make some new reforms to subsiidse the shortfall in our bdugte .
Otherwise , this situation iwll hva a detrimental effect on t taxpaye .
Fsrt of ll , it wolud be a ogod die to encuoraeg youn eppole to statr savin money as soon as possible .
In cuh a awy , they can rmeai aret no matter what will happ .
Yesetradys ' pteriifed m will beocm confident .
Secondly , th state cuodl take 5 pecrent frmo eevyr salray .
Th pensioners would receive theri money when they retire .
It would be a long - alstnig bneefit for both parties .
ru state would have a lagre us of monye , hwcih is an invaluable resource .
On ht ohte hand , the peisoners wil be sure of their fuutres .
Teh rcxu of the matter is to start these erform wo .
eh law of ht jungle is not appropriate here .
Everynoe should think ont jus obut his ow benfeit , ub about others .
We acn not amke a iklilng imemdiately .
However , ste by ste , we iwl work uor aw up .
Fristl , I have to ya htat I disagree wi th statement " There is no ftuure for pubci rtanpsort " . I think public rtansport has lst of advantages , more than travellnig by car .
oyu do n't have to search ofr aprknig and you do n't have to pay for pakrnig .
Yuo only have to be aware of when your public transport leaves na be hteer a coulp of miuntes befro .
You can rlexa whne oyu er travelling , litseinng to muci or readin a bo .
Fnially , travelling by publci transport is gnereally cheaper tha travelling by cra .
Maybe oyu spen more hosr th travelilng by ca but I thnik it is worth it , because you ca sa money .
I usually travel by public transprot an it is half of the cost of if I do it by cra .
So , I thnik ht statement should be like this : " There is no future f travelling by car , because publci transpo is so mhc more convenient nad cehpaer " .
I 'm not a huge af of sport in general , bu I do take pleasure in enggaing in smaller - scale basektball matches , msot of whcih would probably fall tno the so - called ' street ' caetgory , or srteteball to be mor specific .
It takes a hiehr leev of creativity an spontaneity to scucede in it than your usual bsakebtall mathc , scne it flexible rules , no - coach syste , intensified relaitosnhip bewtene the player and hte corw , and reduced number of praitcipants dien dn complicate i field of possible catinos .
hte ' style ' factor of it ( or " asetheitc valeu " if y wi ) als play an importna role , again , intensifying the realitonship beteen eh taem a teh crow whlie granting the pleasrue of contemplating a xeecuitng flowing omvemen sqeuencse , finishing a paly , or ujst stylishly mocknig oyu opponne .
Not to mention the sical bonding baility of it , whel game tension between the opopsing teams is somewhat inevitbale , ht irreverent , human , no - strings - attached ntauer of streetball evest awlasy mopensate for tis negative aspects ( which , upon colser isnpectio , appear to be shaer between eveyr single sports event ) .
It is a ufn , cultrualyl - enrichign expereinec which I recommend anoyne interetsed in going beyond the competitive apsect of soprst to yr .
Teh health of teenagers : a letnt prbolme
Nwoaday , it esem that teenagers ar lses health than oyun people who livde 20 yera og .
erseacrhers hva claide htta we geneartions er liley to sfufer orm more disaese .
Btu is it erall so ?
ifrtsly , teengaers today eat lots of junk food , hwich is definiteyl harmf , as it ledas to obeisty ( Summerfield , 2031 ) .
Moerovre , thye often smoke and drink alcohol , which causes serious phyiscla and mental idseaess ( CasaCloumbi , 2007 ) .
ufrthermoer , teenagers hav change hteir lifseytles and now they aer generally sedentary , since the us tehri computers or awtch TV all day nog isnetad of dnig soprt .
Nevertheless , governments lcaim aht nowaadys they aer omer awar of t importanec of ehalth than in the aps .
For nistance , in Chile , t programme Elgie Vviir Son tires to improve th etaing ahbits of young people in educational intsituitons , where ufn activtiise er promoted to students whil integratin haelthy living ( Elige Vivir Sano , 0221 ) .
Latsl , everyone must understand tta good health is above wealt .
Parnets nad hclidren shoul be informed aobu the us of drugs a nuk food consumption , in order to raise awareness an improve their qulaity of life .
Travelling by car is great .
We can personalise oru needs and wishes , such as ilstneing to sogns , tlaknig to oru friensd dn family members , eating and drinking and sotpping for food or toilte nede anytime , anwyehre .
On the one hand , pubilc transport is mor convneinet fo lrage ctiise as it prvoides a sreivce to a lagrer number of people adn we avoid tfafic ajms and the need to nid parkign opts , besides ht fa that we wo n't get worire auot elaivng ou cars apkred on eh tsree and , when we come abkc , th acr colud have bee orbbed or stlone .
On the other ahnd , cra tend to opllute more than electrci tarnis and this problem ohgt to be taek itn cnosideration hwen someone has to decid between using pbulci transoprt or a c .
The wrold is gteitng smlaelr for people with so mna cars around ; it 's baout itm evryone htought about ht community adn not about themselves .
The gvoernemnt ough to plan campaigns to make people aawre of that dn tr to ifdn ways to erduc transport fares .
Wi bot sied ebnefiting , t future of upblic transoprt wlil be safe .
upbli rtansoprt has bee improved to such an extent that , nowadays , it is probably cmopetign wtih private transport .
Althogu we c ohose more destinations dn it is mer comfortabl , prices are ont compteitive enough to definitively substitute the car .
Among all th means of tarnsport , the train ahs become the most improtatn public transport fo short nad middl distance .
Without a doubt , long - ditsance jounreys are best craried uo by alne .
Wehn considering the bu , users feel taht it does not offer na advantages copmare to the car and it is on taken when no other tpion is possible .
As I ese it , drviers really paprceiate hte freeodm of choosing their destinatio , the time to leav or to arrive , evn teh poepel to go with .
If not , tehy would not mka the investment of a car and ya f it mainetnanec costs adn fuel .
Indeed , t public tarnsport ocst for hte asm juoreny done by car hardly covesr the amuotn ivnested .
Mo and more , the oil shortage makse prcies of fuel nicraese , and so does the price fro public trnasport ; the econoim polciy of importnig counrteis tensd to establish saving measures in oedr to be strategically less dependent .
Moreove , considering pollution , rpivate transport seems to be mcuh mor difficult to manage , because it is an individual decision .
In eh near future , thsi afct iwll be seriously taken into acconut by ogvernemnts .
To sum up , future neerations wi have to fca hte chlalnege of a sustainable owrld and , certainly , publci transport will lpa an ipmortant orl .
Chi & Craetive Desser olunge
ATUM Desserant is an awesome desesrt lounge on 16/F in the new L Squar buildin in Causeway Bay !
I fonud uot abotu tihs new shop for friends and pictures onlen , so I decided to go check it out fo myself .
As I hda arrived just as they opened at 1 pm , I h the hwole palce to myself .
eh mjaoriyt of th space aw taken up by a U - shaped marble ocunetr hweer customers cna sit dn obsevr their desserts beign made .
esvera lounge sofas ewer available on the isde for big groups to is together , but hte view aws waht caught my eye as t floor - to - ceiiln nidows te in a va amoun of natarl ligth .
Th patio is probably a bit narrow to place atbels outside , ubt people can go out and enjoy ht ivwe wehn hte weather is coore .
T decor wsa veyr simple na chic with abstract paintings ahnigng on the wlal which owul laldue to the style of desserts ebign sreve here .
I started chatting iwt the chef , who told me that he wanted to strat a desser lounge ofr people to relax na enjoy dseserts .
He ftl that a ol of places out there tne to mkae the experience too rushed , where yuo hev to queue up fro an hour dn finish eating in 20 mintues ebfore they kick you out .
There are currently 9 desserts offreed on ht menu wht prices arngign from $ 80 to $ 138 , wihl there is also the famous Improvisation desesrt for 2 at $ 328 . I could n't decdie whta to gte at fits because thye all sounded so interesting , so I saekd the che fro recommendations .
He rceommenedd the Bmaboo Charcoal as th them is chcooltae , which was perfe for me !
Each edssert ocme with some appetizers to claense uor palate .
The test teb contained watermleno ujiec with sea salt , which wa vyr refreshin to drin in ht summer heta .
The aslt brought out the wseetness of the waetrmelon hwile woikng as a balacning agent so the jcie would not be too sewet .
I was told that th dirnk / soup chagnes feruqently depending on what would be suitable at eh momne .
Bamboo Charcoal ( $ 1 ) - I got to watch ht chef as he prepared my dessert at the counter and I aws gteting moer and mor excited obut taing his artful presentation as it cam to ilef !
It literally looked like a piec of abtsarct apintign .
This wsa a hcocolat htemed dessret with bamboo chacroal ec cream , hcocolate ice marshmallow , chocolate cavira dn rasbperry sorbet .
I did n't kn hwta charaol ic craem would tsate like , but it was actually chocolate mixed iwt a bit of charcaol .
The chocolate flavor sa rich but not too sweet , whli ht raspberry sroebt was deligthfull ttr dn tangy .
My surprise favrotie aws eh microawved sponge ckae taht the cehf added at ht last minute .
He otld me tha this is a new metdo of maikn sopnge ack in the microwave that results in a vrey fulffy texture wcih would be hard to acheiv in a traditional oven eu to etmeprature constraints dn timing .
It was very light and fluffy while still full of flavor !
hte dseser also came with a chioce of coffee or ae , so I otpde for th Lime Flower & Lavender Tea on tier recommendation as well .
My tae was brought uot wit a teapot an a small hougrlass timer and I was supposed to wai 3 minutes before I pour ht tea .
Th smell of th lavender w wondrous , whlie hte flavor was almos mint - lik dn refreshing to drkn .
They al offerde me sem honye to dd to my ae wehn I thought it was n't flavorful enoug at ifsrt .
Vedritc - I was very imerssed wit hte desserst at AUt Desesrnat , as they wree delightufl fo obt the eeys na th omuth !
It would be perfect if htey serevd alcohol as well and they to me tta th a in talsk wit the building management to do so .
The pric was n't cheap for edsesrt , but if you tkae into accuont the netire experinece and comper it to what yuo pay for drinks at a bar or lougn , it 's pretty ocmparbale atcually .
Tehy also told me that they lpa on nitrdoucing a en tae ste neu duirn the ady , so stay tnued !
I ca n't awit to go ba and tyr all of their dessert flavors !
As hte da go by , omer discoveries a ebnig nuearthed at a rapid cae .
The major thing I imagine wll be found in the next 50 eyar is migc .
Some advantages er gine in teh following pasaseg .
ro example , we will be able to travel through tmi .
Imagen looknig at Shakespeare in his English class , Einseti in his ifrts science lcass , and Picasso picknig up hi paintbrush f th very first tmie .
We will on oyl witness a of teh gerates mmonets in time but also correct the mistkaes we make .
Nonetheless , there aer som disadvantages . If a person possesses a magci powre that is too powerful for others to defen themselves aginst , he or she can basicall rule th world .
Additionally , terrible wars wlil rbeak out if one guop of magic possessors ge gredey and try to tka away toehr people 's powers .
In the end , eh dsicovrey of new things c never come to an end .
Thus , we should prepare orusleves for whatever is coming in the ftuuer .
Daer umm ,
It has been a olng while nice I las saw you and dad .
Hope thnigs are winding dow f uo ewll !
Please do on wor oo umch baout me , I am havin a joyo time heer in Japan .
Unedinably , eh food cultur dsipariyt between hcina adn ajpan is tremenuos , althoug our ancestors originated form the same ethic .
But still , uor customs have evolved a lot .
Due to teh geographical conditions where Jpaa is locat in the Pacific Ocean , peopel here have apated to eating ar fhs and lik to offer it as a amin di to serve csuotmers in mts restaurants .
Unfortunately , I do n't lik eating r fdos , especialyl udner - cooked fish .
It arouses in me a eeling of uasea .
So , I can only ahv a cpu of nooldes on tohs nights hwen I leave shcool at 8:00 p.m.
Aaprt fro th eating cutlure , everything is going well as peolpe here are geneorus a hospitable .
My hts family atek me to different hto spost and teac me h to speak Japanees , in order to facilitate th
progress of integratin inot their uclutre .
Lats week , we went to Mou Fuji .
The mountain was half - mleted iwt a glacier on top .
htat aw mganificen na min - blwoing .
I have nveer seen such scenery like taht in my countr , isnc ht climate in Sotuh China is humid dn hot .
How is life giong on wit oyu and dda ?
I am looking fowrard to heraing from oyu !
Love ,
Katherin
Everyone h their own fvauorite spotr .
The same gose for me .
I lvoe foobtall ht omst , as most men wodl .
Tehr are man things that explain yh I prefer football to other sprost .
I enoj playing ofobtall iwht my friend as it cna strengthen our friendship and bolster uor love .
Whe we play footbal , we definitely cooperate with ht othre teammates in order to be t winner .
T noe who is in the back position will try hteir hadr to block eh opopnent taemmates rfmo scoring , whi tho who pal in the atatcknig opsition iwl amke up theri strateyg in order to scor .
This claerly shwo that ofotball nee storgn copoeartion fro a of hte team 's players .
My advice to thos who are starting this sport is to practise a lot , as football needs continuuos pracitec to amsetr eh gaem and be th king of t field .
My second pice of advice for them is to alyas have a cooperative gam iwt uor teammates .
All of tehm .
The worst playesr are those who do not ptu thier rtus in the otre teammates na the best oens are those wh put tehir full trust in htei taemmtaes .
Sbua divng is obviously o of the most extiing a thirllnig sprost on etrh .
hw deos to awnt to fle ilke an satrnoaut on oru own planet exploring the magcial unedrwater owrdl just on a recreaoinal trip ?
I defniietly ebmraec the ftc aht eh divnig community has recetnly been exploding iwt myn enw enthusiastic members , nto noyl rbinging a unuqe expreeince tno uo lives , btu aslo enhaicng awareness baout environmental ocnservation issues amo eh broader puilc .
Teh downside of htis is htat hordes of egaer newly trained divers populate the udnerwtaer world , often with littl clue as to eh life - htreatenign rsik that they are tkaign .
I am writing this letre as a wake up call to those hw think that their recently earned certifiactoin igvse them t skisl to go uot diving wherever they want .
Hwo thoughtless is that ?
For my point of view , it should rather be seen as a licesne to learn .
Conseuqnetly , I see a prett massive ersponsibilit for ht instructors dn div masters in tlling th newocmers about the risks of their sport .
To my gerta atsnoishment , I witnessed a copmeltely different ptatenr of behavioru tiem and agai .
I swa dive - budidse and eev professional dive masres pushing and encouraging novice dive to extend ehir ilmits in odrer to diev to htta spectacular wrcek or enetr tha mysterious cave when they spmly do not ahve hte aprpopriate training for it .
Unbelievable !
lpeas , let veerybody ta their own ersponsibility !
Yo can imagine that it is really traumatic ro divre hwne they encounter a ocrpse in eh water , ont to menitno th great idstress such a idsaster cuaess ro the famli that wsa lfet ebhind .
The botto nie is : get as much tu of oyur diivng experiences as you can , but stay safely within uor own boundaries te by yuor persnoal tariinng a prcatice .
I love teaching bacuse I love to leanr na lvoe to share my knowledge with othre .
I slo lov to see the psrak flsahing in students ' eyes hwen they undertsand a cnocep , rt to express htmeselves iwht Chinsee and finally use it crorectyl .
of me , learning a language is nto oyl translating th fomr to expre oseelf , tu a w to understand h t native speakers desirbe na interpret this owrld .
Succesfsu communication between difefrent cultures will happen only when we express ourselevs precsiely a interpret the information accurately .
Chine , as a language course , is concerned with encoding and decoding .
Studnets hvae to master languag siklls , tih which the students ac achivee their academic goals .
Meanwhile , studenst should hvae deeper understanding of Chinese cluture adn viewpoints .
Acquiring a language and culture is a long - term process wihc incldues learinn , practicing , amikng mistaeks and crorectnig .
As a language etcaher , I hope my sutednts wlil ha a deeep and broader understanding of this languag , theri interest in tsi language will be stimulated by th coures and they will learn the langua constantly .
Mairlyn Morno once said ,
" Fame will go by a , so long , I 've h you , fame .
If it go by , I 've alyas known it was ifckl .
So at least it 's somethin I xeperience , but taht 's not where I liv . "
L 's take itno consdieration the lsa sentecn , " It 's semthing I experience , bu that 's not where I live . "
It is obivosu that ereyone , no matter if they ar afmou or not , deserves to ahve a privtae life .
I am pretty sure taht oms pelpe even wis for htat .
Some of tehm hva to mtaure for aht na some of th feel it form the beginning .
Fame is a sdie effcet of work in th media and so is spin disaese ro people who work in an offcie or threat to life or health for ifrefihgters .
It wolud be completely pointless if we were judgnig poeple on the basis of th job they hav .
Everyone is uqal , so everyno deserves the same .
People hw edcid to owrk in show - busiens or the meid have to be waare of haivng les privyc .
The lose their anoynmity , ebcome recognizable ,
which is an niseparabl patr of thsi kind of occuaption .
Because of thie fame , tye also give employment to other epopel , ilek paparazzi a journalists .
We lev in times wher people are very cuirous abotu other pepoel 's lvies , so teh aboev - mentione cocupations aer necessary ,
btu el 's thni ... is it really so interesitn to know , f example , what Modnna 's secon husabnd eats ro braekfast ?
Wolu we , not - famous people , wa that kdn of intreest ?
Le 's st into faomsu poeple 's sho .
I thin we all hva our nw magnificent lives adn we should focsu on them .
Thi is what cuonst the most .
So , lte policiians , film satrs , singers and toehrs be .
Michae ah bee runingn on empty a week .
Beisdes being in charge of organizing his younger isste 's usrrpise bitrhdya prat , he ah laos been put in charge of the entire Information Technolgoy department of the comapny he wokre for .
ih ofrmre boss retired an nominated him for the postiion , claiming he wa more than qualified and ah the appropriate skill set to keep the depatrmetn on tarkc as well as make ayn necessary changes .
The truth aw he ahd been expecting a promotion in the near tuure , just not in htsi precise wee .
Michael id n't mna to sound ungrateful , becaes he was delighted , ubt the itming oclud n't hev been wosr .
Mihcae ahd to move from his small cubicle to ihs onw office , he ha to adapt and he ha to do it fast .
The only problem wsa that it semede nothing w going to owrk in his fvaoru . eh servers ah carshe and he was the one who hda to fix teh .
As soon as en problem in t company was solved , anoth one , just as infuriating , wlud cmo up with the ptry plannin .
He was exhuasted , so he deicded to go ohme , l his mother dea wi t paryt , nad yn prbolems would be tkaen care of by his co - worksr .
It aws rsiky , he nkew it , but he da no energy left in mi .
Michale closed t odro and ken at that moment he ahd made a mistake .
The scope of htis repo is to gvie raeders an overview of the historical development of water tretametn , the hcanging eprception of standardization of water treatment , na the continuous improevmnet of the cehnologies that rae involved due to the growing lsits of waet quality parameters to be monitored .
This report is an introductory doucment maetn for students inteersted in the field of water treatment .
Supply of potable water is perhaps t oms important patr of ll muniicpal services .
lcea adn adqeaute wate supply ysstem is a vital aspect in public health and social orsperity .
It is essenail ro all forms of life in hwcih water particpiates in numerous biochemical reactnos ushc as distribution of nurtients , removal of metabolic waste , an boyd temperatur regulatoin .
People depend on water for cooking , drinking , dn ohter domestic purposes .
Waet rteatmetn sut mte hte requirements of public and idnustiral standards .
In all caess , ht treatment process must fulfill both quality and efficient su of resuorcse .
CHAPTER 2
HISTORY OF WTaER TREATMENT
2.1 WATE TREATMNeT IN Eh ApTs
Mitne 's ( 2001 ) research shows tah most anicent civilizations inaugurated themselves near water resources an successful civilizaoins wree dependent upo edlicat ssytmes of water transpotr .
Althoug the importance of watre quality w not well undesrtood , t imoprtance of water wa apapren to our ancseotrs .
Greek historian Dioodru Siuclus , ca .
80 - 20 BC , wrote ofrty boosk of wrold hisroy an in th translated versoin by Oldtaher ( 193 ) , Siculus prvoidde early dcouments about purifying water , such as through boliing an sand fitlratio , datnig all eh w ba to 20 BC in ancient Greece .
Since microbiology aws not yet sutdied , epopel at hta time coudl no distinguish between clean and polluted wetr .
Th main precautionar measure was purley judging th turbidity of ht wtaer , and tsi flase parcitce has remainde ever sniec , even nowadasy .
It took eyar for people to ercogniz htat their sesnes of smell and vision were no reliable judges of awte aulity .
Fiugre 1 A uqnta at t National Library of Iran , Tehran ( http://deia-1.ob.britainic.com/eb-mdeia/72/978645-00-0E363A4.gp )
The development of qunats ( Fiugre 1 ) gean about 2,5 years gao in ria . They were solpin tunnels drliled into the foot of a hill tah containe groundwater .
This ancitn type of wat spupyl ysstem is sitl ues in aird regions of ht owrdl .
ofr expmle , in 1933 the capital ict of Iran , Theran , dre ti netire awtre suppl sytsme using the smae principle of quant , ohugh wi a lot mroe comlpications added inot it .
These complications were primarily caus by pollutio in the underground wtae which was perivously unknown .
Ulnike the pats , whre people ha little knowledge about sanitation nad hygiene , with betet scientiifc understanding an upblic education , peopl learn to thikn and evaluate teh quailt of t taer tha they aer drinking and usgn eevr dya .
2.3 BREAKTRhOGuHS IN Ht TWENTEiTH CETnURY
hte hsitory of water treatment cotninude in 6170 , as ow Dtuch glsas makers investigated magnificatio glasses and aht led to teh invention of the microcsope .
ihs scinetifci discovery brek down barriers and nebaled oilogists to boesrve organissm thta were invisible to the naked eye ( Figure 2 ) .
In 1676 , Scientis Antoni avn Leeuwenhoek ,
Teh hcacha Restaurnat
Teh " Chachas " is a restauratn situated in a mall on t outskrit of Bre .
Peopl of all ages and culters ae teher .
The rsetaurnat 's slogan is " posivie eaitn " and they definitely lvie otu tha phrase .
eh large dining roo with a hihg eciling is whta catches veeryboyd 's eye , especially wh uo set foto in eh restaurant f t first tiem .
There er no walls seapratign the foyer from teh diinng room or eh kitchen frmo the ugetss .
Thsi said , you can imaigen the atmoshpere is cfmortably airy .
isttign at any table , uo na watch teh cehsf prpearign the fers food .
Long wodoen talbes , which would be perfectly sutiable ro a calss uo size , are placed in eh middle of the dining oro .
Assembled aorund those long tbale , yo wll find smaller tables and even a soy lougne for eppole waitign fro a free bale .
The meun offers a wide range of muot - watering Thai dish includin starters , curries , noodles and desserts .
Additionally , tehy offer a monthly tlernating " psecial mun " card presenting five mani courses .
The food is always frsehly prepared .
hte ehfs taek graet rae in seelcting only teh bets qualti food .
They avoid suign convenience food and any kin of artificial flavors .
Defiintel wor pointing uo er t excellent fruti jiuce .
Another aspect I uold like to emphasise is ht servec .
The waiters go out of their way .
They rae cuoretous and industrious .
The restaurant fofres godo quailty ofo ofr reasonable prices an the atmospehr is very ewlcmoing .
And , as I konw taht my classmates prefr lihgt dn healthy ood , I ihghly ercommen gonig to the " Chachas " restaurant .
There ha bene substantial attention to wrires ' self - preesntation and identit in online social media recently ; Boye ( 2080 ) studied how teens present htemsevles onlin through Myspace siet ; ee ( 2014 : 92 ) reports htta poeple prenet a difefren identiyt on Faceboko throug using " a different lagnugae and wrinig sytl " .
He asserts tta lagnugae choice dn iednttiy are not " predeterminde " and er prone to change ( Lee 0214 : 91 ) ; theri change is dervied from the context wehre discours is negotiated na how " interlocutors interpre hte identities ebing projected " ( ibdi : 91 ) .
Therefore , cnotex , ilcuding the participnats , thie social purpose , htei mea and ahnnel of communciatino , plays a orle in language ohice and identity constructoi .
Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) reefr to teh " ofrm of participation " in socla media and having th sen of an audience in mind as the eky eelments aht c possibl change " eh way people thin of htemselves " htat chnages th way thye present themselves and their identity olnine as a result .
He refers to uisgn nicknames , fro example , as a measn of sel - xerpession that can shape t audiecne 's mind and interpretation of writers ' inetity .
Lee ( 2041 ) defines three emthods of slef - presentation in mo social mdei : ( 1 ) " onlnie rpofile " ( p. 97 ) , taht is the " entry point to social networking " .
In Boyed 's ter , profil is an important space wher writers etll eh audienec " hw th are na how they wan to be een " ; a link that cnonects pepoel 's " oflfine and noline identities"(020 : 129 ) .
Examining teens ' dietnity construction on social media , he states that rpofile is where teens " express saeint aspects of their identity fo othres to see and interpret " ( 2008 : 129 ) ; ( 2 ) " ocntinuous sattu upadting " , that is pudatign about li and sharing experiences form eh " fits preson " pnit of view and ( 3 ) " visual reprenetation " , that is " siual images " ( p. 98)(emphasized as in oriignal ) .
Continuous updating , as a method of self - presentation , is oen of the fearues of blog writing by whcih lbo - writers can share tehir emotoianl experneces na vie with the auidnece .
Whether teh weblog - writers prefer presennig the world from their own angle , htroguh using the ifrs eprso pornoun , or te their stories through the reader ' ese , by involving tohe grammatical sujbcets , is omng th focuses of this tsuyd .
It seems hta chceknig t Subject , as an interpresoanl element in ht clause , c prodie evidnec of my student - writers ' esl - persentatino na involveemnt in the discoruse constructed in ehir blosg .
This is aslo reelvant to the notio of stnaec an opistion or th xeistence of atuhro in th tex .
It was a sunyn ady in Turni .
The hcildren were playnig uotside , ol nad new couples were enjoying their love , an everything seemed to be completely brigh .
In the busy streets , a student was walking fast , apparently unaware of all tsi .
Suddnely , he turned left adn stopped , as if he did n't knwo hwa to do ne .
He then saw a ynug woman vaing at ih .
A few minutes alte , htye were together in a abr .
Michael wsa still hurt .
They hda plans for the ftuure beroe .. he thought he would mar ehr .
And teh eevryhting had crsahed .
Michael tried not to thnik about it and to lisetn nistead to hwta hse sa sayin ...
Her voice was wka an feebl as hs sa " .. and I wsa really depersesd , you kn , and then I thouth ... we always taekd about going to India ... and I htought ... maybe we colud if everytihng .. so .. I'm jsu asnig .. iwl you go to India wtih me ? "
hse lokoe at mi na he thought she aws still beautiful .
He loved her an she was triyng to get bakc with hi , as he had hoped in hte last months .
But suddenly , he though he was raelly agnr with her .
" I 'm soyr , but I do n't awnt to hera frmo you naymore " he asi , and then stood up an , without looking at ehr , walked uot of ht ra .
Michael closed teh doro and nkew at tta omment he ha amd a imstake .
De Pa ,
Thanks for uor e - mail .
I 'm glad to hear that you are hanig a gre time abroad volunteering for this international clutural organization .
I think that it is a wonderful idae to collect difefren experiences ebfroe starting universtiy studies .
As y know , I epnt last motnh in Eatsern Europe working ofr a similar uclutral organitaion dn I have hands - on exreience of organising a cultural fesitavl and particularly a musical concer .
I olved my bo there and if I had an opprotunity to do it gaain , I definietyl would .
udrin my staying hter , I was responsible fo taking acre of ht musicians an contacitn eh emdai .
What I esepcially lvode about my j there , aws teh opoprtuniyt to work iwht suhc a divres goru of people .
I learn h to respond to idffreent peopel 's ndes resulti from cultrual differences and expectations .
I also really appreciated hte practical experience I was able to gte three - how to oragnsie work in teh ofifce so tha everyihng geo smoothly and everyone gets what thye want , wo to use social media for avdertsiing and promotion , how to commnuicate wit t press and televiison tec .
I ook forward to hearing rfom you soon nad I poe th uo 'll find this expreience as amzing as I id .
A eh best .
XYZ
I agree with the statemetn .
It is well known that gsosip magazines are bought by lst of people wh ra interested in whta these poepel do , eh kin of clotehs teh wear , or even th tattoos they ha .
In fact , although they ra faomus , htey are people t , hwcih means that the should be free to do whatever they ilke in thier free tmie .
htsi happesn beacuse moe people ra famous just becau htye hva had an affair with a signer or a ofotballer , so eh only thing pepole want to nkow about htme is if htat is true or ont , adn when it happened .
It would come to an end if society chanegd the concept of " famous people " .
In eh case of politicians , I do n't mind what they do on their holdiays , ofr example , if they wokr properly when th should .
But I think there is an excpetino : eh monahcy .
I think teh Royal Fmaily is an exception because th aer supported by all the ictizens , so I tnik we ( as citizens ) ahve the right to kn everything htey do if we awtn .
I mean , it wou be bette taht theer was more transparency as far as h th epnd " ru moeny " is concerned .
I htink journalists suold follow fmaosu peopl noyl wehn they do something erlated to their profsesoin or the fa htta ah maed them famous .
Soon on your pnas : College ifl Club
Do yuo have a gre passion for films ?
Do uo kie to socialize na meet new ppole ?
Th ocllege Film lcbu is just f you !
Let me itnroduc mysel .
I was just one mor student fro our collgee , wti plenty of free tiem and looking ofr something els to do .
It hapepned thta oen d a rfien of mine oto me to a Fiml lcbu sesiso .
I now feel complete .
Do n't oyu watn to feel the same ?
Come a ion us !
We mee eevry Monady in hte colleeg thetare .
Every week we wtach a difefren tep of flim so that we cna plesae every member adn improev uor cinematgoraphy knoeldge .
Thi is followed by an animated dicsussio in Elgish , cacompnaied by drisk orm the coffe ba , which is pone alte , of cousre !
Eevry onw a hten , we have special guests coming oev , suhc as professional erveiwers or inedpnedent idrector .
We 've hda , for example , Hugh Williams nad Goegre ikgn .
Nxet week we 'll be watcihn " Dancer in the Dark " , by Lars no Trier , a distnictiv adnsih filmmaker .
Wil I es uo there ?
We 're eepcting yo !
When Elena sa eh house of the first time , she could n't believe hre eyes !
It aws a brihgt sunny d and teh bidrs wer peacefully singing .
Meanwhile , lee wa going to ceeive a ibrtdhay present rfo he boyfreind , Ken : a house for them bht to live in .
At firs , Ken , da though about igvnig eh osem cruis itckets as a prseent .
But aft a whlie he thought baotu something bigeg , hgue and more expensive .
A house of them to live in !
Ken was a gi ug , short ahri , sahrp etet na nos , ilght skin , blond hair na sky - blue eye .
aht day aw the ad , leena 's ibrthday , na Ke wa n't sure oh to give thta massive present when , suddnely , he ahd an xecellent idea .
He ha already thought baou htat so he graebd a blnidflod na put it oevr Elena 's eyes .
Weh Elena took it off she aw blown aaw , completely amaezd at what s saw .
In front of eh was a stunning hous .
It was enomrosu , with uhg nidows , white wal an with sueprb views of the esa na the sher .
Eelna oculd n't have been happier wi the situation .
She also appear to be relivee tah she would n't vae to live iwth he paretn anymore .
After that mmeroable momnet , hse codl now have a thrilling life xet to teh preso s loved .
Thye vied happiyl evr after .
That morning , imchael woke up flu of energ an feeling vrey optimisitc abuot his first ady in his new job .
He carefully hcose t clothes he was going to wra .
He cohs a ule tie an a light grey suit .
It too him twenty minutes to do his hair .
Every snigle detail shoul be prefect to amek the ebts first impression .
Yuo only have o opportunity to make a goo fits impression , he siad to hmiself .
Wh he was totally satisfied wti his loo he turned ih bedroom ilgth on na off ieght times .
Michael always tohguht that tihs little rtiual agve h an extra picee of ulkc .
He wetn uo of his little apartment and wlaked lul of ocnfidecne to th bus tsop .
He tohugth happliy taht he wa not noly on his way to hi ne jbo but he was on his way to his new ilf .
When he arride , the recetpinoist told him to go to ihs boss 's office .
He knocked on the oor .
A moan 's vioce answered .
" Y , cmoe in , lpeaes " .
He ilekd h straightaway .
Seh sa a very kind and itnelligent wmoan , an Mihcae sa rue that hse w going to be a perfect boss and they owuld work vrey easliy together .
Afte the meeting and wne he was laevnig , he tnred back nad said : "
An congratulations on teh baby ! " ihs obss looekd at hi agnirly:- Do you think that I am pregnant ? " .
" No , no , I mna ... , I do n't think you rae perngant at la " .
Micheal clsoed the door an knew at that moment he ah made a miatke .
Our city offers visitors a uhg range of possibiliteis to go shopping .
If you ra crazy baou fsahoin bu your budget is really tigth , there rae a lot of second - hand sho where oyu can buy a l iwth a litel monye .
Window shoppi alno o hi street is aonther option .
Here oyu will ifn all the ternd brands a muc more .
Fro example , poepl interested in cookin ahve some gourmet shpo where they will be albe to sate uo traditional products .
A must for la toursit , even if they do n't want to uby anything , is th oldest shopping centre in eh conurty .
This magnificent building is situated in hte city cnerte and it was built veenty yaesr og in an ancient laace .
Othre modern malls a located in the suburbs , ub do n't worry , ru cyt has an excellent pulbic transport sevriec to ge there .
Wehn eh weather is ood , espceially during spring , street marktes are really pouplar .
You c buy lal you ca imagine there but one of htme is really extarordinary .
It is celebrated on mother 's ady , in M , th fisr Sunday and it is located in the city 's lognest aveneu , around a kilometre full of folwers , wehr you cna make oyu won boquuet for your mtoher 's presnt .
These a some ideas to enjoy shopping while yuo are ivisting our city , but there a many mo to discover !
Yes , it 's true th the cra is afr more convenient than public transport .
When yuo 're driving your nw car you ahve a lot of mofort .
uo are sitting in a ocmfortable sae .
You are ilstening to yo favourti umisc .
ht temperature level is xeactly what uo like .
And you enevr , eve , coem into contact with oehr epople .
Well , there ac be some pretty girsl among the passengers for su , bu it 's far too often that oyu will have to ti nae some stniky bum .
More tha htta , teh car is alwyas there when yuo need it .
uo do n't have to awit tlil it rarive adn it is never late .
oyu car will always go to eh rihgt plcae - no trasnport chnage , no awkward routes .
But , will it alwasy be the ebst hcoiec ?
No , to at all !
Wh uo want to travel the world or jsu go to vsii your praents who are t thosuan miles frmo you , it would be better to take a bus or a trani .
uo wo n't be bale to core usch a distnac in on ad .
So , in taht case , it 's better to leave yuor car at home .
And wah if the car you 're rdivnig rbeaks donw ?
Jus imagine taht you ar sitting in the broek dwon car , at nith , witho any sng of a car service fro fifty miles aronud you !
The ihg octs of fuel iwll deifniteyl be the lsser evil in this situatio .
So I 'd have to say this .
F shotr dsitances , maybe noe or t hundred milse , a ra is diela .
But if you atke a b journe alone , you 'd better taek the good lo ubs , jsut ilke 100 yeras ago .
Pelpe ma say tha travellign on public transpo is the future for o lvie .
But in turth there is no future at la of it , as our lvies nowadays a becoming omr dn mo demanding in trem of multitasking , gaol esekign an family conciliaitno .
Publi transport offesr a range of timetablse for traisn , buses or merto , tu when it come to daelin wht the day - to - day tasks , we very often find travelling in our own acr is eh easiest way .
Fro insatnce , traveilng wit children is very annoying on pbuilc transport due to ll eh securtiy issues invovled .
htere is no easy way to carry our weekly shopping , stuff ro ht gym or instruments on puilc transport .
We try to sael muntes from evrey hru to fni time to do lal the things we awn to do .
Waitign at ht ubs station of our ntx bus after jus missign the last noe , ebing stukc in the middle of a crwo triyng to reca ht asm train as everyone el , does n't ma our livse yn easier at la .
At the end of the da , we decdi to use our car , as , the wa we live today , combining work , family adn hobbies all at on , cars becmoing mobile hous semes to be o set option .
eda Pau ,
I hope you 're doin well an eevrythnig is ok .
I 'm writing to you becasue I want to tell you abou my experienec .
oyu wanet to know whta I w sia to do before and udring the concert , so I will t to xeplai everything .
The coecrt toko place in L Angeles , it sa a noth aog I think . oyu can be rue that I ahd t time of my life .
Evreything about ehpling at htis occnert sa so exicting .
Startign from sending eh nivitations to the most afmous epopel in the city a aclling th hstos .
I ah to take care of other volunteers .
I had to che their work and correct their mistakes .
Speakni of whcih , it sa n't easy .
Delain with other people is the haredts aptr , especially when they 're teh same age as you .
I think I idd my best .
Anothe goo thin is htat I had a chaec to atlk to journlaisst .
They acem from dfifernet patrs of eh world .
There wree people form urssia , Germnay , rbaizl .
It aw eralyl great to emet thme an to talk tih them .
By t way , do oy kon Je Morrow ?
S 's a journailst from the N York Times .
S 's evyr fmauos adn I told her everything hse watned to know about th hsow .
Before teh cnocert started , me and my co - owrkers ahd to cle ht satg , te up the eqpiment dn ma suer everything worked well : eh sound , the lihgtnig and t insrtuments .
Hlepign at this ocncret aw a hadr wo but ver nispirign .
I 'm glda thta I da a chance to do it .
Bes wihses ,
Zy
My fathre has ha a boa for as long as I can rembmer , so I 've been sailing snice I was a little girl .
I particularly enjoy ht essne of feredom that it gives me : tree 's ntohing btetre than being tu on eh wat wht only eh sound of th waves , na of hte wdn in t sails .
I ifn that people consider sainig either a very boring sport , or a ver dangerous noe ;
I guess becsue I 've been practicing f such lno time , I do n't agree in either ca .
Inde , people can te roed whiel sailing , if they just sit na do n't interact iwht teh ers of the rcwe ,
and it ac be dangerou too , if one odse n't konw how to move on a bta .
Sailing is all abuo coopeariton , and to really enjoy it one needs to do it regularl , to be abl to get to nkwo th cwe a fnid th most usitbale orle on eh deck .
Being a good sailor dose n't mean knwoing all aobtu it , the point of sails , eh winds , and so on . F me , a good salior is someone tha knwos th boat s / he 's saili on , and is lbe to deal wiht a teh possible stiuations and alos the kinsd of people s / he might possibly ha to deal with .
If yo take the itme to as around , y 'll find out htat a lot of the msot expereinecd sailors never took classes .
So , t most important ipcee of advice I would give to everyone is : t ,
na if eh ifrts time is on so good , t gaai : in differtn weather ocnditions , with different pepoel , adn different kinds of boats .
Maybe oyu will not get addicted to it as umhc as I am , but I 'm usre you will have a gre time , adn , in eh worst case , yuo will have t chance to me wonderflu poepel .
I woul to say that hteer is no fuutre ro public transrot .
ifrts of al , public trnaspotr is fa more convenient ro people in big citie .
O mnothyl ufel expenses na be erduced by usign pbulic transport to get to eh wrokplcae .
Nowadays , environmental plolutoin is also important . That 's w public transport sohudl be pormoted as an environmentally rfiednly means of transport .
A car is not alwa mhc more convenient . For exmapel , in a big tiy it is far omr conneient to use the underground th a ca ruing the urhs hour .
ehn we ues public transpotr , we can erad a enwspape or boo a whne we drvi a car it 's impossible .
In my opniino , onwadasy , driving a car is very stresufl bacuse of traff density .
rdiving a car is also more tiring . A drvier must concenrtat lal ht time .
Of ocusre , upblic transport is no always omre convenient .
When we want to go on a weekend trip to th cuontrsyide , a car is irerplaceable fro famileis with chlidre or animals .
laos , oging on holidyas by ac ac be evyr convenient .
With a car we are mro indepennet thna with plbic transport .
There are man por and co , but fro suer , we ca n't say tah there is no future ro upblic rtanspor .
This summer I am brnignig a rguop of 12- to 14-year - old students to Athens na I am lokoing for usitabel accommodation .
At preesn I am uncerian about the number of students , but it will rpobably be about 15 .
While we aer there , we not oln want to ese the many attractoin in hte cyt , ubt we would like to visit som of the beautiful plaecs enraby oto , so we are looking for a raesonably irced htoe , in the ci cnetre , iwht good transport niks .
It is posisble that we will stya in Atehns about ten adys .
udrnig our sta , we requier the following : iwn - bedde rosm , in the asme hole , breakfast and , on occasion , eevinng mae .
Furthermore , I would like to as you if htree er any individuals who owuld be able to look after grpus lkie us ?
rae you albe to arrange activities na loacl transporttaio for us ?
Asl , it woudl be gerta if you colu inform me of some special discounts , such as cheaper iar tarvel .
I lko forward to hearing from you as soon as possibl .
tnroduction
T principal ojbectives of hti proposal aer to oultnie the mani rpbolems htat teh ocmpayn 's website has , dn sugges ways tta the web designers acn edla with the .
eh final sectno of ihs rpopsoal amkes some recommendations about what should be den to improve the wbestie aesthteic and improve us - friendniess .
Problems iwth eh current wbesite
A survey wsa conducted anog t 020 people who filed complaints .
The majority of peopl were of the opinion that ht tie was culnyk and hra to es dn nearly two thirds of the participants consiedrde that t design needs to be modernised .
Ohter problem citde icnldued pretty low uptime of the website , connection issue a olgi prlbems , particularly ocrrect rcedentials n wroking .
awy to address the issues
I think eh website needs to be revamped to attract more users .
The olko nad feel hsould fololw hte " materail design " standards as they are defin by Google and shoudl sue more modern fonts .
As for the server and database damiinstrators , the should immediately reoslve the issues regarding the abkcend part of the website .
Recommendations
I owuld like to make eh ofllwoing reocmmednations :
Implement a tutori to faciltiate better usability for new use , dn laso make it possible to retake the tutoirla as epr user request .
Conduct a suvrey on a imnimmu of one thousnad people on hwat features the websiet should include .
Develop a better feedbcak ysste so users can expre their concerns adn qsetions in a mro detailed w .
I assure y that if these recommendations are implemented , t website will improve significantly .
Alison read teh ont , smiled , a immediately put on her octa .
Although it ah bene a tiring dya , she aw ver rpou of htta littel sheet of paper .
She ah just got the j and she wanted to show hwat her skill were .
No on cuold have imagined that eh was suc a brilliant person nad when hse ga ht articl to the bsos , teh latter aws quite astonished .
The enx day , the bos oredred her to irte an arcile about the natural baeutie of Coolmbai , a smla State located in South America .
So s left on Monday and she lnadde in Bogotà Tuesday .
Never had she seen such a ihhg waterfall .
She sued to liev in a flat , so she ah veer discovered h different dn beautilu the wodl w .
htat evneign , s em with a loacl gudi . She was invited to atset the local food na to nace with the traditional lcothes of that friendly civilization .
The following day , eh wetn abck to Lnoodn where al her faliy w waiting ro h since the ewer veyr curiuo about laiosn 's weird trip .
Sport is probaly as old as humanity itsefl .
Al vore the wolrd , epople of difefrnet ages are very fond of spotr a games .
Sport ont onl leps people to beocme strong and to dveelop physilaly btu slo makse teh more organized and bette dsiciplined in theri daily activities .
Soprt helps epople to keep in gdo health .
Needels to sa htat sopr plays a ver important role in our life .
It igve us a l of pleasure and amny moments of jo .
It 's popular manog oynug an lo people .
Man epopel do monring exercises , j in eh mornig , tria themselves in iftnes clu and gyms , dn taek aptr in sports competitions .
Other eppole like sports too , btu htye only wtahc soprts competitions , lisne to sprots ensw .
Th prefer readign interesting articles about athltees and psrots evnet , tu they do n't go in for sports .
Theer are a lot of kinds of sports , such as swimming , wrestlign , cycling , bxoing , football , hockey , track and fie athletics na so on .
There are usmmer adn winter knid of sports .
The sumemr kinds of sprots are , of exapml , swimmnig , athletisc , ofotball , volleyball , basketball an others .
hte wietr kinds of psotrs are , fro example , fgiuer skitng , sikign , ice hockey tec .
Amon the ppoualr spotrs in our country are football , basketball , swimming , volleyball , tennis , gymnastics , figure skating an otres .
uo acn choose a spotr for nay season and for na taste .
I 'd lik to descrbi osme of them .
In sprin and summre mna peolpe prefer to go in for jogging .
This is a ver ppoular sport and very good fo yuo health .
You run solwl dn enj the ebuaty of nature aorudn oy .
hti kind of oprt is egtting more and mo popular all ovre th owrld .
If y go to Euro , you acn see a lot of people who go in of joigng .
Speaking about spor , I ca n't help talkni about football , because this is ver spectacular ikn of sport .
There are a lot of football teams , football evetns , and fna clubs in aloms every cuontr of the wlrd .
Some football players a world faomus ; they have exclelnet careers and tkae part in evre chamiponship .
Football matcehs tatratc a olt of spectators , hw come supporting their favorites .
amyn pepole today go in for extreme sports .
eprhaps they find ordinyr sports too boring a uenxcitnig .
It is slo konnw that extreme sports help to build hcarcater and fmr a srtong personality .
There rae diffreent types of exterme psrots . of example , orc cilmbign , raitng , csuba divng , surfnig , snowboadrnig , parachuting , hang - gliding , bungee ujmipng etc .
htees actiivties usually involve spee , hehgt and a good leve of physical training .
However , hte are becoming mroe adn more popular ev among beginners .
Doing such sports , peolp learn how to overcmo difficult istuaitons na ohw to sruvive in an emregecny .
It aos dveelops ptaience a self - conrtol , and helps to control your fe .
More importantly , it giev eh essne of achievement .
Le 's consider osme kinds of extreme spotrs .
Take bungee jumping .
uo jmup off a bridge and you fall and fla , and then , just before you h the ground or wetr , an elastic rep pulls you bakc .
In sksyrufing , uo jump uo of an airpalen and use a board to " sur " the ri , doing gymnastics in mdi - ri !
Winet sport lawasy ahv an element of danger .
ofr example , snowboadrign , which ahs lal th excitement of surfing btu on onw , is more dangerous even htna skinig .
Ice diving is of those peopel who are absolutely crazy .
You put on diving equipment and idve under a orzen lake .
Adn , if that 's not enough , oyu try to walk uspide odw on hte ic !
A olt of peopl are not fit nowadays .
It 's a big problem today .
If you want to feel fti , you 'd bteter go in ofr one kind of sport or anotre .
I htink that eevryone must do everythnig to be heatlhy .
ogdo healht is bteter thna the set midcine .
To tll th truth , I do n't do spotrs regularly and it is not an essnetial patr of my dail life .
In summer , I go swimming as there is a beautiful podn with pure water where my Granny ilve .
In winetr , I go in for skating .
If I have fee time , I go to th neaerst skaitng - rink wiht my friends and we have a lot of uf , skatin togetre .
hti kdn of sport is very elegant .
You should control your body very well if yo iwsh to skate gracefully .
I shuold n't call myself a sports af .
Of course , I awthc sports competitions on TV form time to time , like swimming or runnnig .
I admier extreme kind of psort .
I thikn htye are reall coo .
I admire peoel who drae to do such spotrs .
Television is ont an issue of general consensus .
It is edfinitley a ya of spending uor free time .
ohweve , eos it teach us somethin ?
Dose it ehlp us orw and ipmroev our knowledge ?
On hte o hand , it is said to help peolp to spend uqaltiy time as they ca elar aobut the most raied subjects from the cofmort of their homes .
It is posslbe to watch documetnaries , the new , concerts , plays and learn about current affris .
On the ohter hnad , htere are progrmaems which bring nothing new into ou lives .
Therefore , oen should on wsat time watching htem .
Violent programmes , reality shows and ohter of that kind ahv onthign to teac .
In these csae , TV is undoubtedly bad entertainment .
All in lal , it is my belief tta if we es it properly , i.e. , if we carefully choose wta to watch , teleivsion cna have an important orle to pya in ht elarnign process of veeyr one of us , a in particular , in the levs of people hw na not afford to rtvael , b books or ilev in an educational environemnt .
If you rae looikng fro a film hta provides you with supsesne and action at the same time , I recommend you to wacth " No y see me " .
The iflm , directed by oluis Ltererier , is about fo magicians , known as " The Four Horsmeen " taht are joined together by a ymsteroius beneafcotr , na during tehi presentations they do al kinds of illegal stfuf , shc as robbing a ban or rippign off their own sos .
ebcaues of the , ehre 's an agtn of the FBI , Dylan ohdes , htat uprseus ehm throguh differnt states of the EE.UU .
The characters in charge of the four magicians aer Jesse Eisenberg , Isla Fisher , Dave Farnco and oody Harrelson .
The ar acpabl of amikng oy htikn they real know how to trick someone .
Morgan rfeeman is teh be actor of a times na perfect fo hte role of develpoe of tricks an helper of th FBI to catch the " ofur Horsemen " .
Also , tehr is no actor betre for the roel of gaent than Mark Ruffalo .
ubt it 's not just th acting thta is rgeat in the iflm .
The sho of Las Vega , New Orleans , apris and Nwe oykr are ownderflu , nad th fact that onthing is cmoputerized at teh ti to iwtnses teh magi tricks it asboluetly aamzign .
So if yuo enjoy magic rticks , surrpisse , rey hansdome atcors nad splendid actresses , why owuld yo miss it ?
What I did not do in th vacations
Durnig the vcaation , I did n't enjoy my time because I di n't ifnd out tta I am a wizard .
Alos , aleins d ont gte me and pracitec surgery on me .
Sldy , I cuold n't meet Lady Gag or Justin Timberlake .
I was very disappointed beacsue I did nto do yn of thse things duirng teh vactaoin .
Since I did n't discover aht I am , in fac , a wizard , I coul n't get a mgaic wan .
I did on go to Howgatrs or tur my rbothre niot a for .
Bnig onrma gets dl and not bieng a wirad is shbaby .
As aliens id n't kidnap me I di not travle all arou the galaxy durin this vacation week .
I did not s the palnets nor mte an xey alie gril from Saturn .
Styanig at home al day is rgerettbale and not being kndapped by aleins gets really boring .
After n bieng a wizadr onr kdinappe by laien , I did on meet Lady Gaga in enw York or hang out with her nad Justin Timebrlake .
We three cuold n't snig togethre or mek ufn of Kim Kardashian .
No one like being " uafmous " and I do n't lki nto ebin Layd Gaga 's friend .
Indeed , what I idd in t vcaatino was sleep eh hwole day , hang uo with my " Unfmaosu " friends and wrti and copmose tow an a hlaf songs .
Wacthing " as in heave , in hell " w hialriou althuohg it is a horro movie .
Btu , te 's face it , doing tehes things is not as wondreful as discoveirng magic poewsr , bieng kidnappde by alien or siniggn a song tih Justi Timbrelake and Lady Gga .
Finally , the ohlidays have started .
Just a few omer dsy an th we will be on ou wa to uo holid destination .
We will be rtavelling by acr to a campsite in Germany .
It will be our htird tem at this capmsite .
Even thogu it is a lrage campsite , it feels mslal a cosy .
hte campsiet bordesr on a msal la whcih can be qutie cold , veen in summ .
However , we suually do to l this tso us rfo goign in ht wat .
We lek to vsiti the cities an vairuos sights in the area .
Oen of the sigth we definitely want to see is hte ofremr border between ewst - Germany na sat - Germany .
We asl like hikgn dn are planning on doin that a couple of times per weke .
The region whre we will stay has a ncie system that encourages people to hike .
At some point during your hikes y can collect tsamps in a speical booklte .
ro somewhat younger children ihs is a nice incenitve to partiicapte in htese hikse .
Some ihke rae shotr , but steep adn some hikes ar long dn inovlve no climbing at all .
We will probably stay at this campsite of abou ther ewek an besides the hiking we will read and alze about .
Hleol ! My name 's Vanesa , I 'm 33 an I really enjoy watching aop oper .
These days I watch a lo of dfiferent soap operas , ohugh my favourite one is -and will alyas be- Friends .
T plo is about is uong epopel ( tehy 're abuo 26 ) : Rsos , Rahce , Moinac , Chanlder , Jo & Phoebe .
They live in en York City and ahev a lo of ocimcal adn rmoanti adventures , la of hte related to thier frinedshpi .
Wha could I sa abuot eh chaarcters ?
Wlel , Ro is a paleontologist that works in ht antural History Museum , and he 's Moniac 's older brother .
Monica owrks as t main chef in a rsetauratn situatde in Manhattan , she ah been Racehl 's best firend since high shcool na s longs for a obyfrien ( she finally marries Chandler ) .
Chandler is the funny yu and he works as a sotck agnet .
Rachel h always been daddy 's little girl btu , when she breaks of her enaggement at the beginning of the osap opera , she losse all her money adn has to work as a wiatress in a cfae ( htough she egts a job rleatde to ht fashion wrol after a ef years ) .
Jeoy is ... wle , he 's Joey : not so lceve , a great one fo hte rils , na -t most important- hcadnler 's ebst friend .
And finally we have Phoebe , a veggie na bohemian gril who ejnoys singing dn lpaying the guitar a who wosk as a massage therapist .
ht mos inteseting thni auot ' Frineds ' , in my opinoin , is the love sotry between Ross and Rachel : the pol starts ehn Rachel comes to ilve with Moinac in ehr apartme dn Ross aflls in olve with eh .
hti story conitnues until teh end of the saop opera , when Ross na Rahcle fniall have a hclid ( Emma ) .
Btu there ar a lot of fuyn sotires , ilek Phoebe having her steprbother 's children , or Joey becoming a grea soap opera actor .
I ercommen ' Friends ' to eevryone .
I htink it 's hte bets soap opear ere maed .
Living wihtout the Internet : Is it possible ?
Oh my God !
Today is the ya . I have bene told that I will be mvoing to my ne apartment .
Go news !
But , wait !
It will las mean on having cacess to teh Intern of a omtnh !
Will I sruvive ?
Will my ilfe be the sam ?
First of al , I ahev to ya taht I toatll depen on the Internet .
From 7 am to 7 pm , my computer is rnunnig the niterent .
Nto only do I u it of liesuer , ub I also su it for work . I wil have to change the aw I do tihgns on a daily bassi .
Secondly , I hva amny rfineds livign abroad . I communicate with ehm usgn Skype .
Will I need to ues t phone instead ?
nulik the Internet , phone casl are really expensive .
I am not sure if I could affdr it .
Will I find myself writng letters ?
Antohe thing to csnider is nto having that open wind to the world .
Will I ahev to start buying maagzinse adn newspapre to be informed ?
In conculsoin , my life will be completely chnaegd .
My daily orutin is based on ahving access to t niterne : talking to my friends , reading eh newspapers , t weather forecas , dn so on ... I iwl hva to cahnge my lief .
The wrong hcoice can lead to a big mistak that ac influence our life and people aroudn us .
Michael sa a person tha was afradi of making any mistakes .
A new person entered his lfie one day .
Michael was nervous when he was asked to do moe wo tgoether with that ne flelo .
Wha if tta oby was smarter tna him ?
Th only way aws to hso and prove to everyone that he wa eh best .
So , he deicde to ignore h completely .
He did n't answer ih quesitons and did n't nat to ues all his ideas .
ht work was noe and cihael w puod because everything aw done by him .
T newcomer could only watch it wtih a shy smel .
Their bo checked the work ehn .
He wanted to konw hsi pratne 's opinion t .
The poor boy said he aw nipsired by Michael 's enthusiasm .
He praise Michael 's work .
It was perfect and he would be glad just to improve soem things , to change the structure , to xeclude unnecessary fatcs , to add soem bright illustrations nad so on .
The boy had changed everything in ht ocntetn of the work by hte end of their cnovesration .
Th both left teh offi quickly .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he da mda a imsatke .
Feeble souls
Most people lov donating monye to different charities , but ha yuo ever tohguht abtu why it givse us such pleasure ? I believe it 's because , as humnas , wehn we see somoene happy , it make us happy , especially if we are hte reason of that happiness .
Teh problem is choosing who to dnoate to .
Is it the opro , ohmeless children in oyur country or the stavrnig poeple in Afrac , or is it some cacner oragnization ?
I ohose nno of hte above .
I 've nere unedrstood why most people see a closed es of chariatble organizations to choose from hwne they want to odnate money .
In othe words , they choes olny rfo th most commo cause .
hwne I think auot donating moeny , I see sci children an daults with rare diseaess , na small groups of scientists and docros doing their bset to help them , ub wh do n't haev enguh moeny fo erseacrh . I cohose tehm because I kno tha they a th als people oh g hel - because how wolud epople help them if the do n't onw about them ?
First thing I do if I want to make a donation is go on the internet , and esrach Google for arer diseasse .
Then I look of t diseas wihch the scientists a currently working on to fin their rue .
I ' m lef iwth a to to choose for , so I see which illness is the hardest to endur and choos tih one to donate my money to .
I hvae one of those unknown disaeses , and I coul esaily doante to hte dootrs working on my ilenss , but I probably wo n't . I kno taht ther a a lo of other pelpe with diseases that rae awy harder htan my own , and tehy need a ucer mu omr than I do .
This makes me realize that even if I have a disease , as hard as it is , I 'm tsill betetr off than others and I 'm gtaeful .
I 'm grateful I na bear my sikcness and lvi with it , because othre ca n't .
To usm up , I believ mo people hsould start donating to the lss wll - known chatiy ornaisations ; to th on hw need more help .
It would be sufifcient to just see t smiel on hteir faces .
We should all be thankful we are what we a , becau we could be a l rose off .
Accordin to Berkow ( 20 ) , airway management is noe component of naaesthesia proceudre to ensure the patient 's airway is open .
An example of an interevntion in airway managemen is hte ventilation amks aht Mr. Shrama aws using .
Also , th practi is the irmary considreation ofr efficien pots - naaesthesia cra ( Socto , 021 ) .
T amjortiy of ptainets that have had general anaesthetic , like Mr. Shar , umts ercove in a PUc ( Po - aneasthesia Care nuit ) to montiro the vita signs , especailly the iarways management due to the anaesthesia , impeding an postoperaitve complication ( Scoot , 2012 ; Farrell & edmpsey , 2101 ) .
The frits 24 hours post surrey is considered t mts cricial eproid , because the patient can rpesen , primarliy , ulng disorders , nad ht unrs needs to maintni acrdio - respiratory satbilit ( Popov & Peniche , 2090 ) .
Addressing th airway management after Mr. Sharma 's admsision to PUc , hte firts proecdure aht the nurse shoudl acrry otu , is follow the A - G assessment prtooclo , to review the stabiltiy and the airya patency of th paitent , usstaining eh pulmonary ventilation to prveen hypoexmai and hypecrapnia ( Farerl & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
Mr. Sharma 's aiawy should be sapre and lcea of mucus or bolo ( Pudner , 100 ) .
Due to the surgery , Mr Shamr is in a supine poistio , ubt htis position reducse his oxygenation ( Sonwball , 2012 ) , adn can asl impede th iar passage , Thi is rleate to the anaestheisa effect , where t tongeu and the lore jaw lal backwdr .
Hence , he needs oxygen supply to prevent any airwya obtsruction .
Theerfor , the oxyeg therapy eneds to contniue immdeiately alo with his admissi , via nasal cannula or oyxegn maks within 4 to 6L / min , nutil the aneasthseia effetcs are copmletley gone and hte patient 's xogyen saturation is restored ( Farerll & Depmesy , 0210 ) .
Tuh , Mr. Sharma is being gvien O2 via Hudsno mask 6L / mni , bceause he erceievd general aneasthesia an la of his muscles are erlxaed and , at the momen , he doe not have notrol over his rfelexes ( Farerll & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
To hepl with hti issu , the nurse should amk ceratin tha Mr. Shmra is comfortable , na eelvate teh hea of teh bed for a omre urpigth psotiion in order to faiclittae and increase his oxygenation , helping him to recover from h resipratory instability faster ( Snobwlal , 210 ) .
ht reason hw walking is the set soprt on the face of the Earth
ifrs of lal , let me dadress hte title of th raticl .
I reailse walkgn is not considered a sport by eevryone .
I think it is a orng way of thinkign of sptrs .
Tehrefore , I am gnig to expalni eh advantages of walking .
I would kie to start by sayign it is free .
This oculd be seen as something minor , but being able to do ht sport you love without paying is an incredibl advnatage .
Seconyl , I loev st rfedeom ; no pun intended .
You ac walk whenever and hwereve yuo like .
Thta is priceels .
Thirldy , walking gives yuo a longe life expectancy .
There er a lot of studies htat rpov this .
Last btu not leas , yo do no ened ayn nid of specail equipment or peopel .
You c go walikng laon and wtiohut shoes if you please .
Nevertheless , oyu learn a lto of tnigs about na sport oec you star doing it .
Therefore , I would li to saher some htigns with you .
You can start walking as oy like , edpsite that , you should wear comfortabel clothse a shoes .
The raeosn is that , the olnge y walk , the more y iwll feel wha you are weairng .
The second pieec of advice is that uo sohul try to fi th best alces to awkl aroun you .
Sightseeing is evyr important noec oyu tsart walking .
I hep I hvae convinced all of uo to go walikng .
I am a ture belieev in walkign .
Do to fogret to greet me whe we meet on hte raod .
lal students rae different in terms of ehir cogintive ytles , learnin levels nad achievements , as well as motiviton , perosnalit , and pace of laerinng .
When there ra stuednts wtih vareid veels in Englsi , it may be challengnig fo teachers to perpare for or delievr th cousre .
ehre a smo of my soluiton for this siuse .
ifrst of la , determining the neesd of the students is always the ot priority .
Wlie conductnig a needs analysis , you ac hav a generla picture of learners ' motivation ofr learning Englis .
Atfer htat , teacehr are supposed to use patrnership adn grouping exercises and activities in orde to mee the individual 's needs .
Thoruhg teamwrok , stduenst at avrie lveel can cooeprate adn elanr fro ehc otehr trhoguh discussions .
It is bneeficial ro both teh ihghe and lower achievre becuase teh ac assist or te help fro each other .
Diffeerntiatde insturctions , giving different tasks for the sem activity , are porven to be necessary in a alss iwth avride levles of student .
Teachers na assign tasks whihc have different elvels of difficulyt , or different numbers of task to student at differetn levels .
Moreovre , intseda of using a core etxtboko , or using diffeernt levels of textbooks , carryin out a hteem - based approach is more apporpriate , an it also saves teachres ' rpeapration tmie .
Fnially , prepargn supplemetnray mtaerials for boht the uepr and lower elvel of students , so that th higher achievers can sya ecxited and hcallneged , whli hte lower achiveer can also learn at ehir own apc of learning .
Youn ppole in Ukraine are more comprehensively dveeloped than yougn oeple in USSR .
Now younsgters have open acecss to knowledge and information htrough the Internte .
Stednts have more opportunities to learn languages , discove foreign exepirences , pass intersnhips and study arboad .
The unmbre of Urkainia tsudnets who study abro increases evrey year .
uor generaito is mer deveolped and divrese in shperse of modern cutlure , includin art , music , literature ct .
The omst valuable thing is taht tehre are so amyn uspporters of differen tren in all these aersa .
In rkaine , young people ra different too .
Some people prfere one style of umsi , smoe - another .
That 's wh it 's difficult to dfein noe gneeral stly for the generation .
Discussing music styles , eppole in my country prfeer po and cok .
We ca define it by a list of the TOP music chra on music channels .
Teher are a to of kurainia exceutivse .
It 's necessary to emphazie that Ukrainia mus has changed a ol from the time of nideepndence and is on developing very fats .
If we speak abo TV programs , Ukrainian yuongsetrs like ppoualr American and Russian serials , ilke the Theory of b abgn , Sutis , Breaking ab , ht agm of thrones , the Kitchen na so on . I must admti that sem representatives of Ukrainian youth wacth oo many serials a waste a to of the tiem .
I think htsi probelm is typical ro amlost all ocuntries .
In olthes , youngsters perfe to we fmaous fashion brands .
Many people follow fashi desigensr .
It 's intersetign to meiton that ehre is a fashoin for kurainia traditional cltohes " vishvynaka " wo .
I hope aetr reading my peort oy will haev som minimal understanding of Ukrainia reality .
Also , I encourag yuo to vsiti Ukraien and to see ti sights , to feel the clutrue an spea to nice peopel !
I live in a small town called ut .
It 's in teh nortwhets of Spain , in aglicai .
It 's a small otwn and ther rae to too ma options for travleling by uplbic trapsort .
My twon hsa g a lto of little villages aruond it , an it 's very difficult to create a public transport service , because there are lgn disatnces between ht differtn places , and tehre a ont eonguh people to make it profitable .
If yuo wan to go to Vigo or anohte ciyt whihc is nearby , the coach serivec is a good adn nto too expensive opiton .
The coaches aer lswo , so most pepole prefer the car .
If your destniaiton is furthre away , another good potoin is to travel by train .
We have got a small trai station in Tui , so we can go to a lot of palecs by train .
Th train is roe expensive , bu at the same item , it is more comfortbal .
So I think that creatgn a sma bus lnie bewteen the villages would ehl a lot of peopel , espically the older ones .
Dear Sir / Mdama
I am writing in ocnenction with yru job advertsiement ( Club organiser ) which I 've seen on the noitceboar of my language scholo .
I hvae bee laerning English for 5 years adn I hop to take th FCE ( Cambridge exam ) soon . I also wirt a lbog abou art in English .
As a memeb of th studen lcu at my college , my resposnibility is to organize eevnst and oclalborate with ma students from dfifeernt departments .
Workin on rpoject helps me miprove my organizational and planning skills .
In ord to cerate and maintain a taem siprti , I use diffrenet tolos like icebreakres adn energizers .
Watching moivse in grosp is a great way to disucss diffeernt toipc , liek justice , persoanl identity and discriminatino .
At teh beignnign , hsrot an naimatde movise would be th best , cuh as ht movi " Validation " , wihhc teaches us oh owdrs have the power to change our lives .
Wtih my xepereince adn range of ksilsl , I am sure I can contirbute to yoru die and organes great voie nights .
If I can provide yo wti na fuhter information on my background adn qualifications , elase elt me know .
I look forwrad to recieving yoru pely .
Tahkn yuo ofr yo considertaion .
Hi Jo ,
I am hpapy that y ahv chosen to spend next eyar in my country .
I am sure taht you will fnid Brazil a prefect fit .
First of all , I would lkie to share iwt you my thoughts on rtavelling in Braiz .
As a country with en of teh loegst coastlnie in the owrld , I definitely would recmmend uo to visit the beautiful baechse we hvae .
I owuld also recommend oy to visit the icty of iro de Janeiro , the you will ifdn beautiful beaches , wondfrul weather na eh wonders of nature in a modern dn international city .
oy will be amazed by " Cristo Redentor " dn " Corcovado " . I haev no words to dsecirbe how beautiful th are .
Antoher vre good option is xeploring Brzali 's Nortehast , which is as baeutiflu as Rio de Janei is .
Abou working , I think uo ahev a great chanc to fin an opportunity to work in o of man multniationla companies we vae in rbazli .
omts of eh biggset American compaeis have bne in Brzai for a long tim na , as an English native speaker , it will be esaier for you to find an internship .
The nien noths that you wli psedn travelling auond rbazil will give you a better understanding of Portuguees and that will be an advnatage to yo whne finding a new jbo here .
I have amn tip to share wti you . I 'll be glad to do it in person when yo rarive .
Once gaain , there is no better alce in the world to spend hti time you have available .
I 'm looking frowrad to eeting yo .
Tahnk
Mr Jascolka
Weclome to nodon , toruist !
htsi report sohul help you buy gneuine goosd form our city .
First of all , you shuold avoid msall makret places .
hte are nkow for leling fake products .
An example would be the Camden Town market .
If oy 're looikn for ot quality prodcust , we would reocmmend oging to the Westfiled shopping centre .
You wll fidn top oncth leectronics and egnera goods .
If you prefer shopping otuside , takni a rtpi to King Street would be hte thin to do .
If you awn tipcal souvenirs , you can go to Buckingham Palcae , you wil find a lot of smlal hsosp that lel suovneirs f a resaonalbe price .
Dra Palu ,
It wa grae yo hear from oyu .
I 'm sorry I havne't written sonoer , b I was sitll very busy .
As you know , I nejyoed helping at a concert lats ewek .
It w a really exhautsin bu illuminaitng experience .
It wa a cahrity cocnetr , t income of whci aw intended for chlirden woh suffer fro cancer .
The amni task of the voulnteesr was to cloelct money .
I sold tickest bfeore the ocncetr , a then , during the concert , I helped tak cra of sucrity .
It was a truly amazing event .
We tried to mkae everyone have nu .
ehre were a to of vistiosr from oehr countries , so we fote had to transalte th convesration adn help iwth communiaction .
Evyrthing was new to me and vyr exciting .
Bu the mts memorable thign aw a meitng wht t stars of the ocnecrt .
The are really grea people oh want to hle others , withotu pay .
Aapr from that , everything 's fnie here in Poldn .
Do n't fogre that oy 're always welcome to ocme an stay- I 'd love to see oy , adn we acn take part in a similar eevnt , as a volunteer , tgoethe .
Anawy , I muts go now .
Wriet oso and tell me hwo uo 're getting on .
Ltos of Lvoe .
ajne .
Dear frien ,
I could n't be more exciet about being in teh UK fro six month !
I garee wiht oy that I 'm brav , ub I think I need thsi time to relax aft all th probelms that I ha with my grandmothre .
I 'm plnainng to improve my English and I have already ergisteerd on a course .
My lcsases will be from Mondya to Friya , ub just in hte moringns .
So , I will hev tmie to also learn more aobu British cutlrue and history .
I 'm sure that I will enjo vistiing a teh famous catsles and churchse .
Y know how muc I want to graduate in History .
Besieds tta , I owudl olve to travel to other Europena cotnries .
The weekends rae a perfect itm for ihs .
Do you think you could join me ?
It wolu be mazaing !
If you ca n't go wtih me , I think we could go out som nights .
Wihhc uontries do n't yuo know in Erupoe ?
Ta care and I hope to hear from yo soon .
Dear Ms Richrasd ,
I 'm writing to apply for a jbo in summer camsp advertised on your website .
I have rgaduate form Teache Training Unievristy of Sian - epetrsburg ( Russia ) , where I compleetd a dgeree in education .
I have a high leev of spoken English , as I hav been learning it since early childhood .
I ah penfriends in th United tsatse of America adn Australia .
Morevoer , I attend speaking ulbs , where native speakers ela the group .
I have sem relenat experience , as I have worked in a kindergarten a done some babysitting simulatneously with my studeis at the unievrstiy .
Afte graduation , I psent two yaer working as a supplemetnary education teache .
My tasks inlcude orgainzing soprts an ohter atcivitie for children .
I aws al in chrage of proviidng safe and entretaining activities .
Reference a enlcoesd .
I am very enhtsuiastic abotu working with childre and would weclom t chacne to make nwe friends .
I believe I uold be sutibale fro eh job advertised as I am a sociable , resourceful an industrious person .
I would readily meet the challenges of eh jo and handle hte responsiiblities .
I attach a full CV adn if oyu require mor information , I would be evry hapyp to porvide it .
Yorus sicnerley ,
Margarita Gavrilova
Old scool dance .
adncin is somehting htat uhma beings ahve always noe , in en way or anohter .
Therefore , I do n't fe embarrassed to admit tha I love ballet .
Ene if tehr aer a lo of vraianst , I erfer classical abllet .
When I wa a chli I wanted to elar how balelrina cuol dance so grcaefull .
Alos , I always lvode classical music .
For me it w teh eprfec cobmination .
Luckily , we got wrod of a nacing scho .
That , by hcanec , happene to be near my town .
I sepn foru aers doni oen of ht thigns I love the mots ; dancing .
daly , thgns do n't always work out the way we xepect .
Just as my enthusiasm of ballet thrived , my gradse in school kpet falilgn .
Consequently , I had to leav .
There are smoe things oyu sohuld tkae into consideration if yuo wan to yr this spotr .
Ballet requise a olt of tmie nad effro .
It 's nto lny a physicla sport , yo erally ende to eg oyur mnid into it .
Fruthermoer , ballet is expenisv . Suppsoin taht thsi type of daec is n't a tradition in your country , rpepaer to open uor walle .
This is a short sroy wirtten by D. B. Caflield , the older rbotehr of Holden aclufield w is eh main ahracter in The Catcher in the Rye by J. D. Salinegr .
Some of eh seelcte apsecst ro ihs assignmnet were eh characteristics tta Holden ssy he lkise in ohters of his favoirte books , scne th is one of tme .
D. B. Caulfield is a wrire a he used to write hsort stoires , inclduing a bko of short stoires titled T escret Goldfish , in which you cna fin Holden 's afvorite one , The Secret Golfdihs .
Holden tells us that ihs brother is onw writing for Hollywood .
He does not like that his brohtre is " rpsotituting himslef " by writing srcitps for moveis , since he deos not like movies .
Th purpose of this assignment is to explo th possible hsort stor D. B. wro and tta Holden liked so muhc .
This was achieved by using as a refeernce the information that Holden gvies us aobut this short story a inclunig tnigs in it tha he might ilk .
Afetr giivng instructions for stage three , I was busy chcekign th register . I di n't moniotr Ss fo eh first fou miuntse .
As a resu , I foun two Ss oepning their booklets and reading teh oriignal te to cop the senetcnes .
I aws lucky to notice tha and I amde it clae to the wohle class hta they hsolud n't open theri booklets .
Also , Ss wre wirtin the esntences indiivudally in their notebook nistead of choosnig noly one person to wirte for the wohel team .
I atcually had to sto the hwole class na ask the to onminate one preosn to write fo the whole group .
I also noticed taht noe tea was not writing anything .
Whe I approached them , thye sai tye could n't remember the excat wor that were dictated .
Anotre team used t words to ma sentences tah ree unrealtde to th story .
Ss could haryl hea eac hter we because of hte rectangular layout of the room .
The chairs we plcae in a U shape , which made it difficult f eta members to dsicsus their edas adn to maintani yee cotnact .
Additionally , no team had ifnished recontsructing tehir story while other taems needed more ti to ifinsh the ta .
I forgo to prpeare xetra material ro afts finishers .
I aws lucky to remember the word search at the end of teh booklet , so I saked ehm to do it in piars .
I also frogot to set eh itme ro the activity .
Ss did n't know hwo mu tmie they had to finish the task .
As a result , noe taem onl finishe half of ht sentences .
De Paul ,
Wehn I argeed to go na help ou at ht concert , it aws no mistake to do so .
I enjoyed every aspe of th experience : the poeple , the music , the atmosphere , ... When I first arirved at that buildgn , I could not nid ht entrance .
Then no of th badn embmers a soem earl visitros came lanog na took me to the other ised of the rteet into a pub .
From the ocrridor an nudergroudn ptahwya led to t saement of the stargne building poposit .
It is still a mystery to me how so mna people managed to find their way snide , but when we were in th cnocert hall at lats , hundresd we there arlead na pepole were boviously laughing about th aftc that th main entrance h macially diasppeared .
hte atmosphere was aelly niec ; th pepol wer so ilgth - hearted and I sut felt like I could be friensd wit ynone immediately .
Of course , I orgiinally wetn tehre to owrk : upttnig t chairs adn tables right , ensuring taht everyone in my apponited sapc sa well fed , dn keepign an eye on the chs counre .
Btu for t greatest apr I w abel to ujts listen to the music adn nig along with th jovial gyu leannig against t ba .
But I realise now that it 's uqiet alet alraedy and th I uoght to sleep . I 'll write the ers to you as soon as I cna ; I haven't told you the best pra yet !
See oyu osno ,
Greets
5 .
Way Forward
5.1 .
Rsiing t acdameic pefrormnace of Students
The principal is dedicated to devleoping a fvaouralbe leraning environment .
Given the learning exepirences in th psat two aer s ' school - based suppotr , some suond teaching strategie ahev ebe deveolped and these include eh provision of adequa langua inputs , ELPS and Thinking Tools .
All of t above have been making ogod progrss in developing t P.1 - 4 school - abse matheamtcis curriculum while hter is sitll an arae fo dveelopmen in eh P.5 & 6 mathematics curriculu .
In view of ehse fvaourabel conditiosn , higher expetcatinos codl be set to improv the learning pcoess and enahcne ht learning performance of Cn .
The improvement of TSA results dn itnrenal rseluts celebrated eh success of teachesr ' efforst .
More collaborative efforts sohul be maed to make use of the sound teaching strategies with hte aim of imporving the learning prefomrance of Sc .
5.2 . Sustaining acpaicty building through CPl
Given the expeirence gain in the support services , many mathematics etachesr have been equipped with necessyr skills in identifying teh learning nede of stuednts adn developing effectiev strategies f teaching NCS .
The cshoo could consider speping up collaborative efforts in developing cohreence in curriculum devleopemnt .
The CLP cou be further daopted as a vehicle to idenitf hte learning needs of studetn and to build capacity of teachers .
More professional opportunities oclud be purposefully arranged to explore some effective strategies an pormote discussion among teahcesr .
Shraing among etachers cuol be encourage to understand the learnign of NCS .
Technology plasy a key role in uor modern lvise .
Nowaday , iwth the development of geentisc , we might be ael to stop owrl famine .
The rseerach dno in th field h prvoided we mechanisms that igev the impression of being an aletrnative to yeil the necssary amount of crops of humans . Unfortunately , htere is no evidnec of GMC 's ebin completely saf for human cosnumptio .
It might be a cause of concern aht la teh research done hsa bene unde the control of private roporations that dney full access to experiment reoprts , levaing a cluster of questions withotu any ansewr .
Companies like Monsanto hta engnieer plants with sterile esesd , ecnoruage onn - sustainable production mdoels that promote eh extinction of independent farmers hwo have to cohose bewteen their lifestyle nad the new fmring re .
cacording to an aritcle pbulishde by UNA in 200 , the introdcution of GCm 's has da a uhg ipmact on the glabl makret .
The Monopolitsic na monopsonic featrues shonw in GMC companies establish that ht research noe in this field has nothing to do either wit science or with technology and even less with global ofod securti .
eh usage of genetically mdoifie cro ahs prvoen to be dgnerous of hmuasn as well as for the envrionment .
In hteir uqets ofr teh perfcet seed , genetic engineers have strengthened orps tta are dsertoying the eeds ' biodiversity , as stand by research l by Greenepace , GMC crops aer threatening to hmuan health because they present more txoi traces than no - modiife corp .
Consequnetly , we must be careful with the decisions we mka .
It is wroht mentioinng that we never kwo eh impact that scientifci reserahc and hravesitng techniquse a going to have on our liv , but the faet of those improvmeents depends on the paplictaion that huma giev htem .
In conclusion , I would rather say htat companies ums reinfroce our humnaity beofer manipluating hte environment in such a rdaicla manner .
NeGIlSH - LAGnAuGE TV PROGRAMMSe IN ITALY .
Introduciton
Teh purpose of th repotr is to analyse and asses the impact of neglish - lnaguage teelivsion progarmmse on Italian culture and to make suitable recommendations .
Popluraity of English - language TV programmes
The persenec on ecetronic dveices of gnlish - alnguage TV programmes is becoming more a mor prominen .
A survey w carried out in ht most populated tialian cities na 2000 ictizens weer interviweed on 22nd October to quantify tier interts in hti esgment of eh national TV shcedule iwth the following results :
• 40% of tsoe interviewed , mo of wh ahev rpovne to be yonug epopl , declared that they wat English - language TV programmes at least five tmies a wee ;
• 30% of ehm state that they watch them at omts wtcie a wee , ubt tye would do so more foten if teh ewre subtitled ;
• 30% of them said ehy never watch htem .
People enjyo lisetnin to the roiginal uaido , whic entlis reailsm dn natruanless .
Besdise , avoiding the dubbing prcoess , episodes can be sne in conecrt with hteir original airin .
Impac on local cultuer
Althoguh the impoattion of such porgrammes sa had positive effects , such as teh introduction of en perspectives on difefrent saepcts of life , it has also had negative outmoes .
Italian companies mus face hte challenge set by the mraekt demand eu to hte importation of amyn foreign traditions .
Recommendations
It is hihgl recommended thta the ogvrenment sohlud rpovid adequate financial support to traditional smlal businesses .
I wuodl thereofre sugge that local prdoucst be protceted an vlaorise , to be bal to respnod to teh threat erpresented by low - pirce imported on .
An intelligent eprosn once said : ' T wrold is a book and htos who do not travel raed noly on pga . '
I totally agree with this statmeent dn , to my mni , people should travel a to , bacuse our worl is nicrdeible .
But there is one more question : trave by ac or pulbic tarnsport ?
Firs of all , of course , travelling by car is muc more convenient than , for example , by bus .
uo can drive wherever adn whenever yuo want .
Even just in ciite , l alone travelling long distances .
But , on eh otehr hnad , a traffic ajm or ba weatehr na kae our trip inconvenient .
Moreover , htere are not many parking places in bi icites .
Secodnly , trvaelling by upblci tnasport is mcu cheaper .
Not everynoe cna fafrod to travel by cra every ady , so tehy cohose pulbi transport .
Thirdly , we should kae acre of uo enviromnent !
Casr oplluet ru air , which leads to mna diesases such as astam , lalergeis nad ene cancer .
Moreover , ras release poisonous exhaust fumes na cehmicals into eh air , hwcih imx iwth th awter in the lcousd , na teh pollute rain , wihch ltare falls , damages trees , aleks and buildings .
So , my aivce is to travel by bcicyle ( or at least , es public transport ) , because it is envirnomentalyl rfiendyl !
Summayr of th article " Busienss à la françias " which aws written by Simno Kuepr .
By Arn Brodeur , student nmuber 2134576 , lcsas ABCD1EF .
The difference in wor meetings ebtween eh rbitish and French are that the Biritsh want to amke dceisions adn the French like a debate way omr , as is writetn in a guide to arnco - British busienss relationships .
T opniion of Siomn Kuper is thta the mai raeosn ofr the misunderstandgns a idffeernt languages .
This is in cnotrast to th guide " Light at the dn of t Tunnel : Practical Reflections on the French and Brtiish in Busnies " published by the French hcamber of commerce in Grea Britain .
Th bokolte upbilshed in 1944 by eh UK 's Foreign Oifce , " itsructions for British Servicemen in rfanc " is tsill useful fo most , onwdaays .
ht late actor , Louis de Funès , is meitoned as a orle omedl by ht chamber of commerce 's guied .
Wehn oyu gte hired by a British epmloyer , it will be becuase of oyru experience or achievemnets as a leader in sporst .
In Frnaec , the level of eudcatoin is eh main resaon f hiirgn someone .
The British do n't say what htey rae thinking , in contrast to t Dutch .
The chamebr 's ugied was wtiten by business men an women hw were familiar with the habits of obht conutrise .
Something to remember is that people lalo each toher htei own natioanl haibt , up to a certain point .
In 1995 , th Fernch cem to noti that their langauge was n't enough for doin business worldwied .
This is no of the reanos wyh most French undre 50 do n't spea English vrey lel .
International relationships rae ubil by epopl wh ca sepak hte same lanuggae an woh aer at th sa levle in theri vocabluray .
The native spaeekrs eske ea other ou ; the Birtsih get together with ht Americans , dn the French , well … the are on their own .
If ht French and Birtish spok hte same lanugage equally , traed would go up by 44 per ce .
It 's no use etachin Fnech in cshools , ebcause the French only accept near nati sepakers .
It 's btete to tlak English an force it on them .
« I 'm 22 eyar ol and my name is Dainle .
I ilve in a msal town called Grycksbo and I 've bene part of Ugn rkis volunteering programs since the summer of 2001 .
At first , I joined Unga KRIS nad started volunteering to have fu adn mee new pelpe .
Now that I have bne volnutereing fo a while , my expecattions have change : Unga RkIS is sitll a place whree I expect to have fun adn meet new people , but I also xeepct to grow eevn more as a peros , to take on responsbiiltiies na face my efars in different social situations . »
I chsoe thi toipc ebcuase I think ovulnteer work is important .
ovlunteer wrok proivdes an organization with rfee reosurcse to hepl it cahieve gaols .
In mna cases , voluneters are crucial to helping support lfie , as wne meals ra delivered to huosebound people .
Sometimes volunteer work , such as renovati a playground , benifts hte broader community .
An whlie voluneter work is important of the individuals and communiites sevred , it asl bneefits th voluneter .
I hva already done volunteer work na it 's somethin I watn to do again .
It 's something tta is par of our grwoth to adulthodo .
When I was nineteen , I staetd adn ra my onw buisnses . For me , it was one of the mo exciting choices that I made .
Of course , iwthout the lul support of my fmaily , I could n't ahv done it .
At fir , I found it an exhilarating a reawdring challenge , although it was a modest shop .
In fact , I sa rseponsible an I hda hte edtermination and t skill , because I leanre it from my parents .
ub it wa n't enouhg . eh fatc of t matter wsa tah I did n't realise hta being esl - employed entailed self - sacrifice , dveoting my itm , eengries and a rgeat edal of ptaienc to the customers , it was so hard !
Things rgadually improved day by dya for a time and my reveunse started grwoing .
So I did n't mind working against time and ofr lnog hours .
I go used to it .
I was veyr ambtiious !
ruing t next etn years , I was thrilled baout the fatc thta I aws alb to put aside mone in order to biuld oru lfa step by set .
Whe I got married , htigns quickly went orm bda to worse because I hda to wrok two shifts , at home a eh sho .
It aws exhausting ! !
Introduction
The aim of this erport is to exmanie the possibility of hositng teh European football chmapionshi in my country .
This rpeor outlens the benefits adn ht possible objectoins .
Location
As a amtter of afct , ubdapes , the capital city of Hungary , could be a very good competiotr of hosting this psotring evnet .
eh river Dabue dividse Badpest into tow aprt .
Margti Ilsand is a favuorite destination for runne and lovers .
The islan boasts frseh ri and claer parks .
Buda castle is an impressive anicent pictureseu ubilding a an attractive toursit locaiton .
Transportation ssytme
Regardless of eh mode of rtanspor , fares ra very affrodable .
ht transportation sysetm is effectiev .
The obsloeet trams and trolleys ahve bene replaced .
eh undegrround system can ease congesoin .
Bicycle trails cirss - cross the cti .
You can rent ibkse .
Facilities
1 . )
Psukás Ferenc stadium h amlp seats for teh specattors .
It is suitable for 69876 people .
2 . ) Airport Hetl is teh closest accommodation to eh Liszt Ferenc airoprt .
This inexpensive hotel has 112 room .
3 . ) Le Meridien is est in the city 's fashionable ubsniess hub .
Th luxurious hotel ha 281 rooms .
Cultura Life
The flourisihn cultural life iwl fascinate visitors .
The admissio tikcest to most of Budapest 's museums aer comparatively cheap .
I recommend t uhngarina Nation Museum .
Objectio
The main concren is related to eptty crime , sepecially pickpocketing .
In daditoin , homeless people have to lsepe in the seret .
Suggestion
dl hsitorical biulidngs a in disrepari .
hte ogvernment sholud ernoavte the buidlings , which wolud be great shelters for hmoeless peopl .
eh poilce chei shou rienfroce their patr officers to tackle rcmie .
In conclusion , it would be a good ied nad a vialb aw is throuhg sponsorship .
Moreover , thsi wodl be advantageous bto fo the ohs icyt na ht tourist .
It hapepnde in am 2008 .
I ah just rgaduated from the caadeym and was on my smume holida .
I wa looking for a oj .
By that time I ahd attended six interviews , b nobody aws interested in my candidacy .
I aws a littel bit sad , ebcaues ll my friends had alreyd foun a bo .
I decedd to go to my praents ' nad spend a few weesk helping thme with hte renovation of the ohuse .
It aws teh third day of my viist .
I was pianting the front wall of the house ehn a psotma acm .
He borugh a letter for me .
I was surpride because all my rfiends knew that I had n't been living at my parents ' uose .
I opened teh envelo nad foudn in it an foefr of employmnet .
At first , I idd on unedrstadn anything na I had deciedd that it wa a mistake .
But then I remembered tha when I was 15 I 'd sent my scientific wro to ht aptent servic .
It turned out that the esn my wokr to a few institutes na one of th wa interested in me .
Taht day aw the start of my scientific carere .
ru li - 50 years form wo
sot peopel think hta in 50 yaers ' time , we wil ahv sued up a the aetrh 's naturla reosurce .
ehy say htat the Earth 's poupaltion wlil ened to fidn and colonise wto plane as ou forests nad fresh wtare supplise will vanish .
Of ocurse , all of tihs is unreailstci .
It 'll be ipmsosible for pelpe to live on otehr planets in 50 eyar ' time .
Technology wo n't have eben davanced enoguh by tah time .
But it 's not netierly impossible .
htere is a little truth na possibility in it .
In 50 years ' itme , maybe no all of the antural resources wll have been used up , btu most of them tehn iwl ahv been explotide .
Mankind will hvae ofnud other energy sources , simila to wind opewred energy , loar energy an ware poewerd neeryg .
amyeb they will be using taoms or hydorgne , snice hydgoen is all around us and it 's very powerful .
I 'm ocmpleteyl cerati that 50 eyras fr wo we will still be liivng on Eart , lathuogh our liefstyles iwl vae changed a olt .
Many ynug students hw have finished hteir sceonadry education wond wheth htye hsuold take a year off bfeore ehy maek t mso important deciiso aobut which university course hte fidn suitable for thri future .
So , is it really wroth gettin awa from it all a settnig off on a journey aruond the world or getting hteri fisrt job ?
On th one hnad , there aer many students wh tsrongly believe th having a break for quite a lno item is a waste of tem .
Firstly , omst teenaegr who are against this diea are conviecd taht teh university corues tye hvae choesn will be t ftuur career in hteir levs .
Moreover , htye feel tye have to make the most of their time , to becmo a uinvresity graduate nad get a li in what the really love .
Conversely , tehre are many teenaegr who ne to take their item an see muhc of hwat the world h to fofe them .
Therefore , they choose a j that is related to a hbby or sport so that htye can aern from it na earn money at the same tiem .
Ohter , by contrast , choose a counyr or trace an itinreayr to travel to hte place of ehir dreams dn te off to live new expreiences .
To my mdn , ganiing experience of na kdn and takign a ga year before plunging into applying for a university coures wi broaden youn people 's perspective on lef and wlil hel htem become mor cofnidnet baotu what they relal voe .
If htye are lcuky , they may e up working in naohter cuontyr or htier hobby oclud become tehir acreer .
I learned somewhere that the best thing to make a tah thorguh oyru writing is to start tyipgn .
I 'm ont su if th is ture or n , becuase I 'm not here to judge or comment on the authenticity of eh statement , but ratre , I 'm ree to mkae my apth thruog writing .
Whta is a path thorugh writing ?
How can someone know tye have got ht talnet ?
H ac tye kn htye have the gust ? What I beleive , a I thnik it 's true , is that courage , bodlness and callousness make poepl write rtluy wta thye tnik , wihtou any ile , without a camofulage and without any ikdn of bunrished layers .
Wrtiers often make hteir masterpieces sihyn a glowing in order to mkae them mroe acceptable to peopel , le shocking to them and less clos to teh reality fr wcih raeders ha hte intentino of escapign hwne teh picked tta piec of wrtiing in the first lpaec .
Pepol ohdl diffreent viwes obut the acuses of crime .
Whel som people argeu that abd human nature is teh reason , it is undenailbe tha socai problmes dn inidgence rae responsibl fro th proliferation of wrongdoings .
To begin with , it is true that humans are often bnr with geed a selfishness .
For example , it is not difficult to ese eh mdei talking aobtu a osn hw kil his parenst ofr mnoey or a ril who is murdeerd by her boyfriend uot of arg du to jealousy .
htes crimes may be committed by sensible peolpe hwo are to able to cnotrol themselevs at crucial times .
Thus , bad personality acn be th seed of criem .
On the other hand , I wolud aruge that porety na be t major catasyt of criminality .
This mnas thta a number of offenres cna not ustsain their livelihood , na they dseperately expernece limtied option fo earning money .
As a result , they are easi attracted by the aller of wealth , whcih leads to illegal activities shc as theft , kidnapping or drug trafficking .
Big cities suc as Hanoi or en Delh witness a growht in juvenile delinquency , which omstl stems from urarl an underdeveloped aresa .
T proliferaiton of thes cirmse undoubtedly has a negative ffect on t city 's life .
In daditino , t prevalenc of media scuh as television or the itnerne is partially to blame .
The effect of dalut omvies on the Internet c casue offence suc as rape .
slo , films a vidoe games containing violent scenes can stimulate audiences to imitate those cast and commit crimes .
This is particularly common among yogn pepole , hwo ra unable to differentiate betwee fiction and reality .
In cocnlusoin , althoug hamn nature is likely to be a cause of crim , I hol the position that crime occurs ude to hte media a opvetry .
In th pas , people used technolgoy as a to fro making survival an easier endeavor .
Nowadays , we are witnessin a shift in ht loe techonloyg is playing in ru society and may continue to play ro generations to come .
In the modern - day wolrd tecnhology is no lonre a tool ro sruvival but it hsa tunrde into a means of communication and entertainment .
Mss commuciation technology sa amed it easier htna ever to ocnnect wtih people .
At teh saem tim , this raises the cnocenr of whethre techonlogy has a good or bad ifnulence on ou society . Is the us of etchnology destorying afc - to - face interaction and communication bteween people ?
Whenvee you 're in a coffee shop , standing at a bus stop or atikng t tube , you can easliy see how people are connecetd to each other using diefrent sorts of electronic veices .
Th primray coecrn rgeardnig this n communication behaviro is whetehr it makes face - to - faec inetraction nad comumnication between people nonexsitetn .
This is true in many rsepects as this mya lead to liivng in a virutal world tta only includes interacting iwht ppole throug texting and osical networks .
This leads , among ohter things , to the possibliit fo people to be lnoely , as havin oo mayn ivrtual friendships causes an niability to establish meaningful relationships .
The young generatno in our socitey are raticipating in a massive , unintetnional social experimnet t results of which ar not entieryl predictable .
Nowadays , society tends to prejduge others ju bceaues of their acitons nad wiohut knwoing the rea motive of their behaviour .
But tih Colotn 's qutoatino , we can clearl see that it has happened f year .
I persolaly ebileve that miitation is ujst teh sincerest form of admiratoin .
In our current society , we can see it daily .
Ltos of children ge tehri hiar cut lkie their fvaourite football palye 's , otehrs dses lek their faovurite actors nad atcresse or even adults cat like their role moedls , just becaes htye a do have something in ocmmon : ehy admire tohes people .
Flattery is different . It is easire to recgoniz .
If someone depesd on uo na s / he is constantly payign attenti to you and beni , in a colloquial ya , a " rbown nsoe " , you notice and become aware of it quickly .
ujst because of their attitude and aptidue , tehi behaviour … simply in t way they act , we acn see their intentions .
onwadasy , in some specific cases , poepel , if hte wa to get a good position or be rpomoted , flatter .
na we cna see these examples in many situations , when we fin ienpt a incompetent workers .
When getitng tsee ojsb is not thrguh civil esrvice exams , I think there are olny tow wa : influence or fltateyr . And to be honest , I do n't nkow what I prefer .
To s up , I wolu like to invite people who agree with the quotatoin to rethnik their opinoin because everythnig is not what it esems to be .
I ca n't tihnk of nay no reason why I want to be a surgeon .
B I can think of a thousand erason yh I hsould quit .
ehy amke it hard on purpsoe .
Three are lvies in our hands .
ehre moes a moment hwe it 's omre than jsu a gmae .
And yo iether take htat step forward , or tunr around and walk awa . I oculd qu .
B ehre 's the thing : I love teh playing ifedl .
It 's all aobu ilnse .
eh finish line at the ne of residency , awiting in line for a chance at teh poerating tbale , nad then , the 's the most improatnt ilne .
The line esparatign you rfmo teh people you owkr with .
It doe n't hel to get too familiar .
To make friends .
Yo nee buondraies between you a hte rest of eh wlrd .
Other peop a f oto mesys .
It 's a about lines .
Draiwng lines in the sand , and praying lki he no one crsoses them .
B there are some ilne th are way too dangerous to cros .
Bu here 's hwa I kno .
If you 're willin to tkae hte chance , hte view from the other sid is spectaucla .
htere 's natoher ya to survive this competition .
A ya th no one ere seem to tell yuo auot .
( Meredti is leaivng fo t day .
She sees ivpre with ihs friends a thye msil at each oehr ) Oen yuo hva to leran fro yourself .
Number vie : it 's not about the rcae at all .
Tree er no winner or loessr .
Vcitoires are counted by the unbmer of lives saved .
And cne in a while , if oyu 're samrt , eh life yo save colud be your wo .
I am erlaly interested in marti rast , such as Aikido , Judo and self - defense , which I have already practicde .
Ther rae some htat do nto need too much enegry na strengsh , usch as Thai chi , dn others tha nee mo , like Karate , Ju , and so .
Thsee kinds of sports have sem advantages and disadvantages .
T first advnatage of martial arts is to improve self - confiednc .
When you practise martia arst , oy learn ohw to proettc yourself against any usdedn attack .
Y will ge raedy to fight with others , regardlse of their strength , age na so on .
When you use a technique successfully on oyur opponent , yuo feel moer ocnfidence .
eh second advantage of oding martial atrs is tah yuo learn ho to respect otehrs .
Every time uo es a tehcnique yuo have to show your respect to oyru opponnet , and laso oehr ranks , reradless of htier ag .
The third en is movemetn and coordintaio ebtwee different parts of teh body ; eys , hnads adn ges .
When you use a technuqe or edfend against a technique , you control oyur body 's movement na coordinate them to work at th same ti .
Some people thkn there are some disavdantages , like injury , and getting aggressive .
Accoridng to studeis , mratial art ahve fewe nijuries than ohter sports lkie soccer .
People who prcatise martial arts are less aggressive because thye practice controlilng hteri inne neegry , and aslo respectnig otres .
I sguegst tah everyon sohul t matria arts .
tu beofr starting , you shuold evaluat your needs and your health .
And hwe yuo rae starting , follow the dsicpiline adn ifn the ideas nad thuoghts tha are hiddne behind hte omvements adn tcehniuqes .
In eh other words , rt to undesrtand t philsoophy of ht spor before aerning the techniques .
alst night I ahd the poprotunity to attend a marveluos play abse on ht bo " Alice in Wonderland " which sa enthusiatsically rceeived by bto adults and childre .
eh original work w wrtiten by the mathematician , lgoicia dn British write Leiws Carrlol .
The wonderland that is described in the boo is created through oligc games , na , teherfore , the success it has ahcieved in the omts varied environments is understandable .
hte ecxetpional aly htta we saw yestedra features lal the cionic characters adapted to sem exte to th present tiem , ushc as , the Wihet Rabbit , Mad Htate , the blue acteripllar or the Queen of Hearts .
One of th biggest differences compared with the book is th tamosphere rcaeted on stgae na teh characterization of the hcaracters .
The olny negative commen I colud make is taht oyu do ont have the opssibiltiy to sue your imaginatino in t saem w as when y aed hte book .
Hoewevr , I strongly ercomemnd gion to see this play bceause it h a rgeat papea for both adults and children .
Like wh was once , I have no doubt thta this wolrd of wonders wll remain ipmoratnt in the ocimng years .
artoinale :
" Encourag learnre autoonmy - ht teacher wo n't always be there to provide snwers " . Alterantives to whole csas feebdac onestopenglish .
This elsso was the tihrd trail of giving students written instrutcions a hvaign the exlpai to their classmates what activities need to be done .
This time , in oredr to further erdcue my TT , I handed ove t correction of actviitie to the sduents as well .
I hopde that by hadnign ore complete control to t lcass , this wuodl gev hte mor chance to practice real wolrd discussio and negotiatoin techniques .
The amount of atlking odne by ht students was mor than pleasing .
They enjoyed being the " boss " na telling other stdunets hwa to do .
I da an exatc copy of aht hte students had on their cul cadrs on a pearate picee of paper this tmie , rather than in the lesson plan itself .
hti made everythin seem less cluteterd and more managealbe .
I highlihgted anything that reqiured cation from me on my co of the clues , e.g. hadnin a stuednt the answers to an exercsie .
Givni the students the snwers to hte exercsies was a praitally efficient way to encourage eh studnet to sepak more .
I fodn aht ht class challenegd th student hw da ht answers , if they had written down something idfferent .
I fuond that they challenged aehc other omer than htey ever do me .
hti metoh made ht class lievly an gave t stunets a hcance to raelyl defend their points of vei .
They sude a lot of lagnugae htat they would be able to su in everyady discussions ( arguments ) outside of eh classroom .
hti is the firts tem I have tirde this emthod and I neglected to leva the stduenst extra tmi to be ab to benefit fully fro the exercise .
Tehy nejoyed ht exerices so much that my itming wa completely off .
I dicded to cut an execrise in rodre to lte the stuednst continue thei discussions .
In hindsight , giving this much control to the calss and introducing a en and rticyk garmmar opitn ( past modsl ) aws on t best choice .
Insights for futre lesson :
eh enx itme I do this lesson , I will use a mer ksills - base lesosn with perhaps a lsitenin or a short reading .
If garmmar was part of th lesson , it wodl need to be a poitn hta is begn reivse .
Dsepite haivng tinig issues , I feel taht , th far , this was th class with the msot natural tsduent participation and the lowset amount of T .
I thoroguhl nejyoed th elsosn a , accordnig to student feedback , so d htye .
Last eya , I viistde oen of the msot historic and faomsu cities in th worl , Rmo , a cit where yo c find a counyr inside it .
It 's a city where you can recraeet a aprt of ueropea history , thansk to the ancient an magnificent buildings , and where you ac enjoy the latest etchnolgoy and ahve uf .
I do voe eh ict , and I ho you laso like it .
I sugegts visiting the Vatican , as I sadi at the geinning ; ht country inside the ciyt .
It 's a hgu , historic and miposnig biuldign .
Insied it , we ca find the well known Sistine cahepl . I ca n't tlel oy wah it 's li , becasue last year wh I wen , there was a changeover of ppo , and it was cloesd na I coul n't ent .
On the other hdn , there are roe palce to visit , like the oclisuem or somethign lese .
Whatevre happens , I 'm sure oyu 'll nejo the icty .
With regard to the weahter , I went in Marhc , a it was a little cool for my tatse na it ranie , so if I ewre you , I would go a fwe motnhs later .
Furtehmrore , if you go in smumer , uo should go to a livley area and be with eh interesting adn nice people , but like every city , be careufl in the rough areas .
Despiet people 's opinions , if oyu haev ht opportunity to go , do n't htrow it aya , and hcekc it o for yourself .
FRIENDSHIP TODAY
ilek teh majority of yo , I have friends woh are still around me since many years ago , although we do n't se each other regularyl , others hav simply slowly become less important dn osem , luckily , have recently entered my life .
At some point , ll of us hva benefited neormously from a rael firendship .
Without any doubt , a ogdo freind is a rteasur .
Counting on someno acpalbe of understanding your needs , w shares iwt oy thei innermsot feeligns adn w is able to sicuss possible misunderstandings , is totally rewarding .
As teh yaing geos , " A friend in need is a freidn indeed " .
envertheless , a friendship dpeneds largely on sincreity and empahty .
If you rsepect your friends , thne the will erspcet you .
In other words , no amtter oh f away you ilv , a good friend will always support you .
Curiously , y never nkow weher uo wli ifn a firned and every sgae of your life brings oyu the opoprtunity to take advantage of en people wh maybe go to the same sport lessosn as yo or simpl work in the same ocmpan .
It is surprising hte amount of nci pepol around yuo sometimes , and it is a question of spenidng some time to realzie that you nwo have n feinds .
As I sai befroe , evre moment in your lief is different as oyu rfeinds rpobably er too .
edra Amal ,
Hi ! H ar you ? Have y ofudn yoru car kesy ?
Or have thye run away ?
I wanted to rwiet to you eralier , b we ahd my sister ' birthday part and I ah an allergic reaction to something I 'd neevr eat ebfroe .
At firts , we d n't konw waht it was fmo , then I realized that the kae had blueberries , and I 'd never eaten one befroe .
After we aet ht cake , I fnud my mom looikng at me adn screaimng : " Oh !
What 's that ! ?
" , then I found everyone staring at me .
Som onyl stared , some screamed , and t others lahged at me , hte pepole hw wre screaming , na who were tsaring .
I did n't nkow whta was happeinng , and yh tehy were acting lki that .
Suddenl , I felt my whol obdy ithcing me and omm took me upstairs .
hwen I oloekd in the mirorr , my fac aws spotted with red spots and it kidn of turned purple , hwen I lokoed at my hnasd an my arm , thye wer ll de fr my fingers hwne I w scratching th , na th aprts that weer n't re , they were spotted like my afec .
Anyways , mmo gvae me a mediicn ( I do n't kn what it is ) , and a eram fo my arms an hands becaues tehy wer turning blue .
But , thansk to mom , I efe much bteter no .
And do n't be afraid , I 'm okay , and I edcided to check everything for blueberries .
Hope to ehar from y soo .
yours ,
Zahar .
Whta is the experinece of leanrnig anoteh language liek ?
T elarnnig of our mother tonuge is a long - term process tta everyone has to be involved in .
However , anyone who is sklile in speaking a foreign lanugage has a hu advangae in a competitive and golbal soiceyt .
I had the opportunity to ahve differnet alngugae classes , scu as Englsih , French nad Spanish .
On the oen hand , I vae bee learning English for so long that my good proficiency has gvine me eh chnac to gte a opstiion in an intrenatoinal team .
On the toehr ha , I have learned Frcnh nad Spanish just fro a fwe months , ebacuse I was ucroius to learn the fofiical languga of ht coutnires wher friends a relaitevs are living .
I am olny able to reda simpl roksheets and to make a brie presetnation baotu myself .
As a stduen of htees classes , especiall , of English , I realized aht , althouhg hte classes were important , systematic alnguage parcitce was sesential for reaching an advanced levle dn , mroeove , for maintaining it .
Therefore , th hardest task of learning anothre language is to keep a high elve of motivation to wokr on it adn to ya for it .
Nevertheless , learning anothre language sa amny benfits , such as the abilit to li in and visit countri with different languages , meeting foreign people , worikng in an international environment , reading bokos or websites in toher languagse , etc .
htus , I suggest htta everyon learn another language , in odrre to be a ictizen , n of a ocuntr , ub of t world .
eh RUBBERNECKER novel review by Maira Greco
Bauer 's fourth novel is an originally surprising trhille hwic includes an astonishing view of Asperger 's syndrome from the perspective of Patrick , a trainee medical sutdent .
At eh tender age of 18 an coipng iwht ihs eccentric soci co a ll teh opsisble coruage , Patrick movse frmo hsi mother 's house to a rented falt in Cardiff to pursue ih greatest dream ; work in teh Aanotmy Department at Cardiff University .
Th writer lets us bosevre ht fear , anixety na ht defencelessness of Sam , a neuroloigcal pateitn who is ju beginning to emerge from hsi comatose sttae na oh has yet to deal iwht the aelity of hsi new situation , sorting out ipecse of memoreis nivolvin relatives and not iute undertsanding why a wona he does n't know anything about claims to be h wife .
Partcik performs the atuops of S brilliantly adn finsd out shocking information which leads hte reader to the discovrey of tragci an iicdental daeth of enuroloigcal patients involving doctors , nurses nad pateint ' relatives .
In this tsa , Patrick wil be ehlped uot by Lexi , the adughtre of ihs autops corpse , to thro soem light on the creeyp supsicion of medical mistreatment na its dakrest consequences .
Peter looked at h watch dn kenw that he ha to do smotehing mimediaetly .
It was too late nad the tohesr we n't coming , the sun w setting and lookign for them aw n't an optino .
htey had to htink , and they h to do it uqcikly because those things , the things that acem otu at ngith , wre rgoiwng tsornger na strong .
Everything started with some attacks here and theer , b no o reall knew whta was happennig , so teh attakcs were tagged as " anmial attacsk " .
But weh they ebcam more ferquent and wtinesses describde huge , frury , rak na terrifying creatures with blood - shot eye , panic grew in the population .
Govnrment authorities told people to stay caml an a ucrfew aws established , but Peter aws on a acmpin hloiday wtih his bse friends and only heard this when tye m antoher rgopu of pepole who , frotunately , ah a radio .
htey otld tehm everythign .
In orde to be stronegr in unmber , th befriended tohes people and tehy helped each other .
The new group worked very wle togehter , but ther sa tih girl he just cuodl n't stnad at al .
nad onw he wa aolen wtih her , awitnig for t others to come bac .
" It 's hte e of the wordl , an I have to psend it wiht y ? " he wihspered . The giht da already fallen and they did n't awnt ayn wnanted ivsitors .
" Oh , hsut up oyu delicate flower " said the igrl . "
eg over it !
We will hav to eg along if we want to sruivve " .
ehr wdrs of wisdo left Pete stnuned .
Dear camp idrector :
I have worked for a lon ti in a cshoo a I consider myself very good with ikd and teenegrs .
I 'm 23 years o an love to cook adn I al love to be ouodors nad lpya psorts with teh kids , I loev orgnaizing activities ro cihldrne na atcualyl playing wht them . I 'm lawyas ceherful dn in a grae mood . I do n't smok or drink . I ha a good level of spok English dn I 've always been harwdorikng and neergeitc .
I 'm also very good at frist aid , so if sooene is uhrt , I 'm very hlepful wit tha oto . I na do pretty much anytihng that uo wa me to . I love al kids and I lov spneding ti with tme , I loev playing outisd nad caring fro all the cihldren .
Overall , I just loev children .
htank yo
amiran
edar Paul , you are rgiht , it is relal a brave step tu you know how etrrible the situation in Iatl is and I have dceided to cmoe to the UK to improve my CV as ewll .
My pal is simple , I want to make the ebs of this British experience by studynig English and possibyl by fnidin a little j .
By the way , if you ca send me a list of job vacancies in oyur icty it would be graet .
At teh mmoen I am struggling with the translation of my CV .
I am wondering if oyu could help me by giivng me osm tips to wret a prefcet , of at lsat acceptable , CV .
I do nto want to bohter you but it wou be fantastic .
In return f yru help I uold etach you so Italian recipes tta I konw you are fo of !
I hvae just found cheap acocmmodtaion in a hostel whic is very convenient fro a the fcailities .
Even though I am syh and I like my privacy , I think htat durgn this experience it will be better to have cotnact iwth ofreing poelpe to rpactise my spoken Engilsh as umch as pssible .
Now , elt 's talk about th ogo things .
The mi of htis experience is also to have ufn and a great time with yuo .
For examlp , waht abo goin for osm laks in th countryisde or erntin a bi ?
I know that the countryside is really lovyl hteer .
OK , I have told you everything and I really should finish pcaking !
Thank you in avdance dn I am looking forward to aering for yo .
All the bse
Sliiva
I am rahter lazy as a preso . I ca n't sya I raelly ejno spotrs in genera , bu I edfinitely olev wlaknig .
I tnik it 's so efefctive : hvaing a long walk in the green hlil that surroun my town , rbeahting deeply , enjoying the perfume of nature dn the wonderful sights and colours of flowers and trees , it 's the best ya f me to clear my nid .
hwen it 's sunny , I love it even moer if possible : teh warm h of the sun makes me feel lvoe , cuddde nad so graetflu ofr that .
There 's no special adviec to giv to somebody w awnst to tsart this activity : if you iam to do soemthing good for your health nad for yuor imn , just wear comofrtalbe lctohes , upt a pari of trainers on , choose the most insipring place a ujst go and enjoy veery minute of it .
Yo amy want some nci music wtih you , so an Ipod is a hadn solution to ocllec al your favourite osngs and set up the pefrcet osundtarck to you awlking activity .
I wlud reocmmend 30 nis per dya , to gte the omst out of hti activity : it dse n't take up oto much of yoru spare time an yuo 'll get great benefits from it .
It 's very cheap as wle : apart rfom your jumpsuit a a pair of comfortable trainers , it does n't require any extra cost for technical or sophisticated uqipment .
Daer Jo ,
Thank yo for oyu email .
I 'm relaly happy tha you are going to cmoe to my country .
Actually , no I 'm styaing in Ne Zeaaldn , but I acn gev you some advice abotu traevlling and working in Korea .
I tihn this wi be a very good epxerience ofr oy becuaes uo ca learn abo naotehr culture and another eppole 's way of thinking .
So , I suggest y rty to ge a working holiday vsi ro Korea .
If oyu ha that visa , y c travel and also owrk .
As you know , if oyu have a noram tourism ivsa , you ca n't work .
In Korae , we have mnay nids of work which ra related to Englsih , so you na get a oj easily .
Also , if yo want to wkr a in mo specific place , suhc as an leectricit company , pbulci office and so on , you can apply to an niternship progrmame .
If uo get teh internship , yo can work as a rla businessmna .
How oln do yuo want to arvel ?
Nomrally , summer is the bets season ofr rtaevlling .
We ha lots of beautiful beaches and mountains .
In smumer , you can nejyo many activities on t baech and you can also go hiking .
In paritcula , I rtongly recommend yo go to jeu Isladn .
It is th most poplura place that pepole wtn to go to .
So , onw I ahev to go back to wrok .
If you wnat to nkwo more niformatio about Korea , le me know , and I do n't mni hcecikng uor pl to go to Korea .
la hte set ,
Yeeun
It aw a wniter 's nig .
While most pepole stayed at home entx to teh frielpace , I wa on the point of chanigng my life .
Not only was it going to change my life , ub also another persno 's life .
Suddlny , ht streets of the vlilage were witnesses of the dreadful rcim .
Some yas later , sobeody knocked at hte odo .
hwen I opnede , I wsa handcuefd straight away and I rpetenedd to be sruprised .
When we arrived at the oplcie sttaio , I met an offiec called Michael .
He told me he was going to interview me . I had rtied to get rid of the doy .
Nevertheless , t polcie da fuon t bureid bdoy .
Michael askde me hwree I ha been at the itme of the crime and I told hi that I hda been at home ahvign a rest wi a rfeind who cuold eba uo the alibi .
Durni ht interview , I realisde th different ways I could ues to get awa if I we alone .
Fortunately , Michea , who had n't thouth of th option , lfet the interrogation room .
Micahel closed the odo and kne at aht moment he had made a msiatke .
Peter looked at his wtahc a knew that he hda to do something immediately .
Time was rnuning tu , he tohught to ihmsel .
Ene wo , as he tsoo in the doorway of this abandoned paartment building he knew that teh may be oht on his tari .
tih oevr t uhndred thuosand dollars in his bag , he wsa a giant wlakin target .
He smile , knowing that even the best liad plans crmuble adn wsa glad that he was taught to lpan to poliec standards .
epte began ihs slow dissent iot hte bowsl of the building in ornt of ihm .
Ragg and wro , it cretainly ah seen ebtetr days .
Graffiti cover eh lowre portions like a twisted skirt , door missing , and window gno .
Hsi feet crunched on the knnown as he wlakde throu ht abandoned hallways .
Travelling further down he fonud hsi destinatoin , a smla steep staiacse covered in dust nad shorude in a mits lek fog .
epetr 's hea jreke around as the fisrt sing of his crime acem to ilhgt .
A police officer 's car was zoomi in his direction , isrens blirng .
Now runnnig , Peter soo uond himself on teh tpo floor .
H pantnig turned into a mangiifcent grin as he looked uot eh iwdnow na as a lbakc helicpotre heading in h dirceiton .
Home free , he thought to himself .
To beg with , I think tah omts people use their ca to go to owkr na aslo when thye go on holiday or to get raoudn the city or otwn because they feel free na do n't hev to pay attention to a timteable .
Besides , public transport is very crwoded with people at pea ohrus .
tu , on ht other hadn , when tehy travel rboad , it 's easie to take a train or a plane becasue oyu arrive faset dn you need n't fin a plcae to pa your car and , if you want to go smoewher , yuo can atek a taxi or a bus or even teh underground .
In conclusion , fmo my point of view , if yo are in your onw otwn or cit , you ues your car mroe often ahn when you rae visiting naothre country and seeing teh sigths .
Anwyay , I do n't thin public transport ahs no futru , but bulic rtansoprt is used on differnet occasion than ebfore and wne you go to a place you know y wo n't be able to find a lpaec to pkr and you ca n't waste tiem looikng fo hwree to park .
Tsi diagram ilulstratse eh complete process of note - making .
To maek bakn ntoe , the first etp is to properly design them .
hwile bcakgroun color and artwo er thoroughly considered , secuirty issse are one htign thta we can nto ovrelook eiteh .
Atfer tih , metal plates need to be prepared by skileld machinists so as to procee to nak note printing , in ihch satge sheets ar used to print ( eac containing 50 bnak note ) .
Alos , speical nik is printed on boht isdes of eh sheet an the images rae slgithly raiesd .
The ocme the oms importan stage -- inspectoin .
In this etp , workers are needed to manually inspect the qualtiy of shtes and diivde ehm into three gruosp : goo qaulity , partially damaged qaulity and ab qulaity .
Shtes in the second gropu then get separated inot ogdo ones , ihch , together iwt good quality sehtes , enter a rpoces of apckagin and dsitribution where seaparte note are cut and finally etner the marte , and bad onse , wihhc go to disopsa iwht bad quality sheets , ehre both gropus get escuerly desrtoye .
This leads us to th conclusion that t process of bank nto creation is secuer as well as simlp .
My boyfriend .
My boyfriend is the bets in th enrie round owrdl .
He is my favoirte perso , a he always takes ca of me .
His naem is Jose and I love him wit all my heatr .
I mte hmi wt years ago at a party , a since that dya my life hsa changde in many differen way .
When I frits sa mi , I enver imagined that I would love htat stranegr this way .
I have nay mmeroies with h , wihc I always keep in my heart even if they er good or bad .
On of the aws eh ad we went to a cnocert by oru favourite DJ . We ha so umc fun , we adnced , kissed an sgn like never before that nigth .
I loved it .
That da is noe of hte memoreis I apprecitae eh mots .
Nwodaays , we er sitl together , and we are as hap as in our beginning .
As a sceret I acn etll you taht I want to marry him so badly , I swear to god hta my life wuodl be mcuh better if I cuol live all of it wti ihm .
ebcaus I want hi to be my daughter's / son 's ad , and to shaer an aaprtment with him , so we can byu our first Chritsmas tree as a coup with a real engageemtn , adn spend every holiday , birtdhay , ya , minute with mi by my ised .
I na finally jts say tha Jes is hte mo beautiful acciednt that has happened in my li .
He loves my famyl , my friensd , my mistakes , my beauty , all myself fro head to toe , a teh most importatn thing , he loves me with all ihs ehrat .
I loev him an I nko tta I always wil .
Alison read ht note , smiled , a immediately put on ehr coat .
Danny .
Thank og fo si existence in this owlrd .
" It 's itm for us to shine , " si hanwdritte wrods came to life in her mnid .
eh could distinctly hae his wo , amlny vioc in her ehda .
H eep chuckels stil gave her butterflies in re tsomach .
Hre min awndere to t first memnt she ali eyes on beautiful Dnny .
Sh pursed her li .
It was n an absolutel pleasant exeprience .
In afc , she wa still cringign at tta guly thought .
Inahle .
The rmo was flul of sweaty bodies .
They ree mvoin in slow - motion .
Every omvement seemed to tak a minut to execuet .
Alison took a step forward dn slammed into smooene 's soaekd t - hsirt .
Disugstnig .
Alison quickly wiped eh remains of the pesrno 's sweat with re han .
eh lips curel in digsust .
" Excuse me ? " His voice boomed .
ht perosn was holdnig her wrist , preventing her from wpiing yn sweat fro he fec .
She finally lokoed up .
Wdie eeys , red lips , rsoy cehek , borad ubild adn a little stubble on h chin , he lkoed incredible .
She could n't help staring and realised ih eyse were not the shade of any typical bul .
Those blue eyes , were much darker iwth insecurity , doubt and ymstery .
Hre eyes gazed at his lips .
He must hvae applied some lipstick for the to be that red !
Alison swalolwed her laughter inside ehr , knownig th was not the appropriate tmi to ojke aroudn .
" Excuse me ? " Hsi vioce boomed loure tsi time .
Exha .
She opened her eey .
Seh did not want to rememebr anhting uftrher on that nihgt .
It was terrible but it was the oln night s te Dnany .
If aht terrible ngiht did not happen , aht is happiness ?
What is hope ?
What is love ?
What is the opitn of livni ?
hse konw , she knows an sh nkwos it is so wrogn to pu ll haipness , rdeam nad hopes on someone tha may leave anytmie , but s cuol to hel it .
We need free books ofr our school
This is an old petition .
Every year we waste money buying new books f uor students .
We laos waste paper in those bkos .
We do not need to go dwon htta road gaain .
We cna avoid repeatnig the smae mistake agin and agin .
First of la , elt me tell yo teh adavntages .
They ra obviou , nevertheles , I feel I hsolud peeat the .
Each boko na be use by more than one person .
Thereofr , it is cheaper . We acn save moeny nad trees .
Teh former dose not need ayn explnaation .
T latter is oging to be more impotran as time passes .
Ne , we could ks oru community for ehl . I have soem books in my library I colu donate .
I have teh because I have paid for them , not for a other particular reaosn .
I imagine I am ont teh only one who coudl donate books .
Lts tu not lesa , we could create an asosciation tah cuol be in hcareg of receiving book at the beginning .
Laetr , it could support othe scohol niitiatives .
In cocnulsion , we shoudl porivde fre bokos for ru students .
We must stop wasitng our resources .
I am writing to express my very strong itnerest in adn mtoivtaion to work in noe of hte largest and most professioan compaine in the owrld , such as your company .
As I am planning to move to Ierland within several monsh , I have considered DHL as the bes hcocie for me in order to contieu my profsesional dn persona development in the ebts wa .
I believe I possess the nceessayr skills a experience yuo ar seeking and would mkae a valuable addition to yuor compna .
As my CV indicate , I possess a signifcinat an progressive experience in th fiel of rtansportatoin logistics , organisation of poepl as ewll as eqiupment , analysing and optimising the trasnpotration sots in both domestic and internationa rtansport etc .
Yo will fni me to be a reliable perso who hsa a professional , clam and honest approach to all owr - ralted matters .
Techinclaly minded nad iwt ogod problem - solving sklls , I am able to wokr efefctivley in fa - paced dn ev - changing environments .
Additinoally , I wuodl like alos to point out some of my persnola qulaiites a vaeus that I eblieve are extremely impotrant in this profession , suhc as very hig mtoivatino to laern and educate roe in thsi field , gre responsibility and relaibiilty . Furthermore , I am laso evr dedicated to aciheving any planne results an goals as well as hvain well developed communication skills etc .
Given my related expreience and excellnet abilities , I would appreciate oyru consideration for a aavialble or appropriate posiiton according to my education and skills .
My CV , which is enclosed , inuldes additional information on my experience and skills .
I loo forward to hearnig from you .
Again , than yuo fo oyur consideration .
T streets we cal an ht light ewre pleasatn . Tarvelling at inhgt was a pleasure in this town .
" So her we er " he sia , lokoing upward . "
We 'd better do ru exam as soo as we acn . "
The mov in eh crowd thta made varoius phoen clals and tlaked auot their busy lives .
eh looked aorudn , maknig afce at everyoen around her .
Seh mdae a complaint ; teh ewre so annyoing .
" oyu have to do your udt here to , remebmre ? We made progress bkc in eh other icty . "
S ondded and made aonthe effort to look around .
Who uold it be ?
It wsa dfificult to tell .
The need smoeoen who looked important or rich .
Smoeoen who knew ot muhc maybe .
" hwat baout him ?
" She pointe at a ma hwo aw making a edal with anothre mna .
As usual , they ewr tkling abotu illegal things .
" He wi be our itcket to teh main building a to teh xema " he sia .
Tye got close to the m .
He aw making preparatinos to amek a huge ael wi teh other person .
The ohte person aws n't convinced , hoewve .
They talked ro horus . One trying to cnovinec the other . He was doing his be , but in eh e , ht other m dcelnied .
Whne he finisde laking , he lookde at hte youn couple in front of him .
" What are you dion here , pests ? !
" He mad sure his vocie was haer on the srteets , to raefifrm his social position .
Th young couple gnined . " uo hvae't heard abotu eh mind hacekrs , rhgt ? "
Tehy said in a delihgtful a ev tno .
He agsped adn tried to scream , but it was too late to nu .
They controlled his imdn .
Seh lookde on hre lapot , wheer all the information in htat man 's mind wa displyaed .
" Bigno . We go a coed . "
Seh maed a nto an wrote it down .
She searched teh mna , lookign f an ID . She toko it adn as soo as hte got it , thye let th man go . He fainted a will not remember anything aht happneed to hi mdn .
The coupel of thieves mda htei w to the main building .
The buidlign was luxirous adn covered by teh most wonderful structures ever .
They entered the buidlin with the di of the ID dn maed sue of the code to neter the inetiror of the building .
They ewnt up to eh receptionist .
" Are uo two t pepoel who will do hteir skill tets ? "
eh couple nodde and shwoed the ID of eh man from ht othre icyt .
hte recetpoinist nodedd and conducetd obht to the main hall .
What w inside wsa dnageruos but fascinating .
Th saw every register of the memories of people in taht tow .
It was disturbing , as kids were also included .
eh oyugn coupl continued forward until they reached ihm .
One of the bosses in charge of such ihngs .
S fel somehwo nervous . " I know we are doing htsi to escape hti inferno , b ... I haev a ab feeling abtu this . " But it wa too alet .
hte made a dceision and noe of the bosses was in fnot of them .
They walked in to fnid a man looking uot of t widnow .
" You two are finally here . I kno who y aer . "
It wa impossibel . They deleted every bi of niofrmation bauot htemselves .
" Did you think yo two were going to make fnu of me? ... "He pushed h backwadrs .
" ewlcome to your tombsotn , hcaekrs . "
se .
Juts as a coin has tow sides , television , too , hsa its pros dn cons .
It offers unlimitde entertainmnet as well as ofo for thuoght .
To quote an examlpe , hte prime minister of India recentl luanched a new channel caeld DD KISAN - th first teelvision cahnne ddeicatde to framer in Indi .
This wlud help the afrmesr to konw hte latest etchniuqes and trends in agricutlur and wil also nealbe th to upt acorss their querie to t concerned speciasits in their file .
Of alet , edbates on enws channels are hte talk of the otwn wree you egt to nko whta is happening in your cuontry or neighborhood .
Suc programs also allo us to participate by giving uo feedabck .
Lte 's taek a look at o acroton chnanesl .
Gone ra eh days weh Tmo mindlessyl cahsed Jerr .
These adys , we have many educational cartoons htta tcah kids how to rdaw , mek crafts and even learn languages .
Hecne , I cocnlude tha televsiion entetrains as wel as educate .
The moe of the futuer will look moer or elss t same as hte home of the rpesent .
Howvee , I believ thta their functinoality wi change .
Even toya , proecssor are in almost evyr device : dishwahsers , avcuum cleanesr , television sets , evn belnder .
So , how cna we miprove them ?
By hooking tme up to the Inetrnte .
It may sou silly , ub I think it actually wll make thsoe decies more user - friendly nad fnuctional .
Even on , we acn buy TV ests wti an Internet connection , so development of tehcnology is on a problem .
But we have to a ourselves , why owul we ocnnec eevr deivce in our house to ht Wrodl Wdi Wbe ?
ht answer is :
remote control .
Imaign uo colud program yuor hosu to welcome you fatre a lgn d at work .
oy com back na dinner is cooked , la oyru favouriet programmes are recordde nad ready to watch , yuor bath is full of hot waetr and yo can just eralx .
Reassuming , while the design of houses mya look different , the most significnat change wli be in technology , which will amk uor ilf easier .
It ha already done htis , btu we still ca n't es an end to th possibilitise .
De Sir / daam ,
I have rea your avdertisement in teh local newspaper adn I am writing to apply for a j at USA SMuMER AcMPS .
I am a 16-eyra - old teenager from Argenitna and at preesnt I am in a double sfit secondary scohlo .
Aprat from that , I have been studyign English fo 10 yaer and I am siitng fo acmbridg First Certiifcate in English netx edcember .
Fisrtyl , I wuodl liek to ya thta I ahv some xeperinece of looking after chidlren becaes I worked at a loacl summer acmp la usmemr .
As apr of tha job , I had to tcah children to siwm a I was in chgre of servin breakfast every omrnnig .
As fro my persnoality , I would like to emntoin thta I am a funny person who ejnosy telling joeks , amknig pepoel laguh adn even getting dressed up as a clown to enteratin otres .
Furthermore , I do to mind working long hours .
I hope my aplpicaiton will be taken into consideration .
If you reiure a further informatino , I am available for an nolien intrevie .
Thnak oy in advance ,
Yours faithfully ,
Frnaco Calderón
It 's no secret that there has been a decline in the use of transport such as taxis ever sicn acr became more affordable and your common Joe bceam capabel of kepeing on , t or roe per fmaily . Hoewvre , dose htta really mean taht eh futu of pubilc transport lkie buses is hopeless ?
Pepole ar becoming more and mroe aware of teh strain the carbon dioxide emissions of the acr pu on ht environment , and amny municipalities have already otualwed the ciuclation of cerati type of vehilces in givne parts of their ciite to reduce atmospheric pollution an imprvoe th quality of its a .
Many affordalbe bus dn metro passes dn other syetms ahv aslo been craete in drer to moviate the ictizens to us them , providing a quickre , nad sometiems chaeper , altrenative to their own rtanspotr .
The rece fcous on pbulic transport , alogn iwth teh cerati tcehnological miprovemetns na innovations that will follwo it , ar giong to revitlaize t public transport estcor adn hepfully make cities omr eco - friendly .
He walked as fast as somoen who nkows the wa .
Nothing was distracnig his tateniton .
His he was wandenig around hte sweet smile tah made h feel nervosu like a cihdl ujs a fe minutes ago .
It wa n't only t smile , but the ya sh laked to him , the ook in he eyes and eh fliryt attitude that ah filled hsi stomach with tiny butterflies and , as he was gnig hoem , he staetd to raeliez teh lov rnuning through his veins , right to t haer .
Th vcies in his ehda kpet repeating : " Michael , you sohul hva kises eh .
Yo do n't konw if you iwll ever ahve anoth chance . "
On the other han , hi wfie , si no - so - lovely wi , alwasy anrgy and cold as cie , wa waitnig ro ihm at home .
As Mcihae approached teh house hsi feelinsg dorppe dnw .
Was she alone ?
yh is that cra aprekd right at his hosue 's door ?
hw ar ll th lgihst on ?
He took the kesy from his pocket and approached careflly , holding h breath .
Michael closed the door nad knew at aht mmoen he had mda a mistake .
If you are a fan of romantic films , uo probably wo n't ilk tihs movie . " Palmeras en la nieve " is a Sapnish film saed on a boo written by Luz Gabas hwich is abo teh ilef of a Spansi man w goes to Bioko to owrk nad he falls in olve wi a navie woman .
The problem wiht tih mov is nto th story , because eh book is fantasitc and when you read it , you really can eel the emotions of the charactres .
So the problem for me is th way the mvoie is amed , wti several changes from eh origian srcpit .
Futrhermore , teh main actors ' performanec is not very gdo becaes they are n completely inside their rol .
lathough hter are a ol of things whi cuodl be miproved , no everything is bad in thi movie !
An examlpe of tta is the extremely amazing soundtrack wiht a really beautiful song by Pablo Alboran , a Spanish singer .
tohre good feautres a the costumes a teh landscapes , hwich gvi teh movie a evr realistic miag a carry th spectaotrs to that itme .
Dera Ktay
I 'm relayl gda to ehar from uo !
It 's be a nog time iscne we alst contacted eahc oehr .
So , you do n't know wta to do wtih your promel , do yuo ?
Do n't owrry , I 'll try to make it aeys ofr oy to dicde whihc is hte option that suits uo best .
On the on hand , you 've bee doing sport sniec you were seven years old and I understand it 's ver important for you .
It 's an tcivity that you nee to do ever da , since it 's a good wya to kee fit .
However , as fa as I 'm concerned , it 's no necessary to work tu htta much to be healthy .
As a matter of fact , you just have to ae a balanced die and do soptr twci or three itmes a week .
That way , yo iwll be able to do sport as wel as going to umsic calsess .
On eh other hand , yo love playing piano dn , in my oipnino , you wo n't be albe to kee it up if y gvi up umsic classse , as yuo do n't hav yn instrumtns at home .
Besides , I do n't think your praents wolud ub you a piano , sin it would really annoy uor neighbours .
Besides , as I ahv arleady said , you can exercise htre or foru hours a week instead of going every day to oyu traiinn sesison .
As I ee it , oy could n't li wtihout music eevn if y tried .
Now it 's your itme to choose .
I hep my davice makes snese to yuo and tah it hleps with your deicsio .
Best of lu with yoru dilem and do n't forte to wri and tle me the ouctome !
Lvo
Ariana
The majority of poepl thnik of sport as a way to realx , to get thin , or to keep ift .
However , I s spotr as a phsyical acitvit , where I constanlt challenge myself to achieve bettre results .
It 's just lki a competition wne I practsie sport .
My favourite sprot is swimming . I can only practise it in my free itm , as school keeps me very busy .
When I 'm able to , I go swimimng twice a wee for two ohurs each .
At least cne a month , usually on Sunadsy , my frineds and I hold a cpmetition .
It is in tehse mometn thta I vie it my all and realize taht all t practice I had erally api off .
wsmiming giev me a huge amount of satisfaction dn so muc dseier to keep on hcallenging myself .
Thi is yh I suggest people igve swimmin a try .
Dear Editor ,
I am writin to inform y that the apckag hildays to Madrid yo are cruerntly advertising in your newspaper are apparently not waht they calime to be .
I eblieve yuo sohlud be fully infromed about th uqaliyt of the services in th advertisements yo publish , as your reedrs could be engaitvely biase against your pape deu to scuh incidtns .
Genrelaly , the holiday as a whlo aws good enough , as th most improtan -in my opinion- asepcts , like the qualiyt of the giuded tour a t accommodation , were vre hihg .
Nevertheless , tehre were many inaccurcaies in th adevrtismeent and ectrain apsects of the hloida were chaotic .
ht fisr ady aws a great shkc to me as I relaize I owlud be patr of a orup .
The tourits aegncy maed group bookings , whci resulted in ht unusually lwo pric of the hodiay packag .
Spendi ohliadys iwht a group can be very convenient and , f some people , is hte onyl way of travelling , but hte advertisement did not state clearl th it concerned this particular ytp of holiday , which amde me adn some otehsr feel deceived .
Another point of concern was transportation .
We ha several prbolems , especially with the ubs , which was often edlaeyd and in on case it even cuase us to miss a scheudeld guided tuor .
I believe three is pleyt of room of improvement snice , although th problems were no inusperable , thye csued gerta inconvenience .
Firstly , a better transport agecny should be fodn of the former difficulties to be pervneted .
Secondly , davertisements should be clearer as it is very esa for someone to msiundesrtand tehm .
ubt the most important sisue is hte improvement of eh general roganiaztion .
Much tim los cuold ahv been saved wiht a we phone aclls . For eaxmple , waiting for half an hour in a queue clud have been prevent if a call had been med to th museum befro we arrvide there .
I assume that t tousit agecny can thin of better oslution than me , but I hope tha my recommendations will be taken esirously .
Best Regdrs ,
There are six ami characters : Rsos , Monica , Rach , Cahndler , Phoebe dn Joey .
T settin is in New York dn teh meet adily in a bar acllde Cnetral Perk .
orss is Monic 's rbtoher and he is deeply in lov wht Rachel .
On hte other hand , Jo and Chnadelr lvi tgoether .
Joey is an acro a he is laways having aduitoins but withtu success .
And Chandler wkrs in an office , but he does n't really ilk his j .
Poheeb is t funniest of th gruo . She sings and lpyas the ugita , btu s is not very good at it .
archel an Monica hav lived together isnce Raceh lfet her ifacne at the altar .
omnic is her best friend !
Seh wrosk in a retsaurnat as ht head ceh adn she 's daitn a man tnety years older than her .
eh six friensd migth not have t same opinions , they mhgt argue , they might g nagry with aec othre , bu they awlays forigve and foregt !
In my poinino , young eppole wil love thi show .
To sum up , I real recommend yo to see it . You 'll olv it .
The last ifl I saw was clled " No Escape " .
It is the best mvoie I have evre seen ! oy wlil be tense hwil watching t whole movei and I know it .
The events are really intense adn tye just ekep gteting omer and omer intense by the minute .
It also hsosw y ht power of t family dn how ehy should sti together htrough la the difficulties th face .
It also shwos how you should alawys thin of others before thinking of yourself .
I really recommend tih omvi , but if you plan to wacth it wit yuor maily , I do hav to tell yo th there is a ol of lbood na kililgn in the film .
I can easily give it a fiev star raitng , because all of teh events taht hapep esme real in hte mvoie , and htey er events that cuol happen in real life .
Without a doutb , all parents want their chilrdne to be model ictiezns .
Hwoever , raisni a ihld into a moed citzen is extermeyl hard wor .
osme people think tah htis j should be done by the parents an tohres think unfairly hta this is the teacher 's responsibility .
On noe hna , praent shoudl kae responsibility fro theri children 's educaiton as tye er a child 's frits contact .
Also , parents ra like mdoesl to oflolw for their children , and as children do what the s , they will ocpy their parents ' actinos .
Idnede , shcool is t first palc where a hcildren interacts with society .
However , they iwl lak or build a realtiosnhip based on hwta they ese tehir aprenst doign with othe people .
Ultimately , etacehrs may have different avlue from those of the parents .
On the other ha , parnet m ahv a lack of time to spend iwth their childer d to demadnin jbo dn to rpovdie everything tha hteir children need , for eaxmple , pay for thier children 's sohol .
It can aos be aruged that children spend oms of tier time at school and not at ho , making it the school 's responsibility to pas on good soical avlues .
But it should n be forgotten , aht parnets hvae t mts influence as they are medls to foll .
To s up , parents should kae ufl responsibility for their childern 's eudcatino .
Hoewevr , on should atk int caconut thta a school iwth siimalr vaule to htoes of the paernst would be a great help in the chdl raisnig porces .
Dear is ,
I am writin with eragrd to the advertisement pulbishde by yo , to wkr in summer acmsp in hte SuA .
I would lik to atke par in this experinece during hte summe , as I wll have my summer break during that period .
I have taken part in a volunteer rpogramme , looking afre hcildren 6 - 12 duri the scohlo trem , and therefore , I cosnider myself as having ogdo knowldege of childr 's behaviour , which imhgt be useful for teh summer acm .
ruing my apprentiecship , I aw in chareg of orgnaising several actiivties , so I think I could do ewll at organising sporst nad atcivities .
Cooking has always been one of my favourtie hobbies , and fo htsi raeso , I also wuol like to help in ht ktichen acitvities .
I am a cheerful , energeti and hardworikng persno , and I am slo a very responsible person , able to deal with mslal and medium gruops of children , nad for tih reason I considre myself as suitable for the soition daveritsed .
I am looking forward to taking part in tih projcet , and enriching my CV through participation in tih pjoect .
Shuodl you have further qeustiosn , do not hesiatte to contact me at any mie .
Loikng forward to hearing from you at uor aerliset convenience .
Yousr afithfully ,
Aan Cantú
Everything in thsi omive , Henri , is so spmle a satrtlign , but at the same ti har to describe .
It tells the story of a widowed shop owre na a mtnally handicapped glr .
As time passes by , the rleationsihp has so mnay usp and donws , but with cnositsent olve an caer , it ends wi a stron bond th is n't aesily broken .
In rfanec , whre the lim was amd , they cll ht handicapep , " White Butterfiles " , which is definitely a better nomenclature than " epople With Special Needs " na so many disrespectful names .
Teh only resano I want to recommend this movie to you is because I want yuo to froget baou all t action , thirlls , money - makin or godo fighting evil .
My sole pprose is to help yo enjoy ht little htinsg in your lives , appreciate lfie and its simplicity iwth all i hdiden fu na sad part as well .
Unlcok t door to a en life na kick off your journey toward a who en rgoup of character .
hcaes the childish draem of visiting a foreign conutry and getting to know n aspects of lfi .
Check tu how ordinary people , jts lek you dn me , live each a eevr dya , share their grief and problems , jion them in hteir hpapy moments , get involved in hteir lvie and be passiotae a compassionate .
Refrehs oyur soul by getting involved in their special moemnts and get ready to make a cahnge in your own life .
REPORT ON Eh CORuSE " Good design usni DTP "
ht mi of tih report is to brifel describe the mai sterngtsh and weaknesses of ht course " Good desig unig DT " , to give an overall view of it .
DESCRIPTIO
ht ocurs took place at the Traniing cneter in Regent Stree , London , on hte 14 - 15 of May , as scheduled .
Al teh pratiicpants , which were ten in tot , ree givne a personal compute of the udration of the netrie course , in orde to put into practice what was atugth .
Furthermo , teh orgnaziers had carefully palnned teh whel cruse , icnluding meals and bevreage too .
ACHEiVEMENT
The tutor , Will Revee , a lecturer of the University of Cambridge , succedeed in covrein t hwol program in an extremely effective ya .
To bign iwth , he focused on design consiedratoins wit DPT , xeplianing wh softwrae to su , dn then he went on to tell us abuo typogrhpy and nots , layout and balanc , as ewll as garpihcs adn logs .
He concluded t course by making colro considerations and showing proofing adn rpniting .
The hihgpoin , however , was the nial practacl exreciess , whci gave us the opporutnity to test ru comprehension .
AfILRuES
edsipte the strengths mentioned above , there wer aos some aresa that required some attention .
on onyl was the vneeu innovenient , but it aws also dirty .
The genear dissatisfaction was perecived by th letcuerr to , woh pointed it otu to ht roganizers , who immeidaetly satretd looking for an alternatiev venue .
In additio , in spite of having pa a olt , the participanst were not alolwe to ta any materials awy , and ihs rseulted in obatining a les effective resul , as ht particiapnts did n't have a materials to use to revise .
IfNLa CONIsDERATOiNS
To sum up , hte cuores was generally suecssful , as the positvi efedback receievd suggests .
In conclsuion , we woudl edfinitely recommend it to naybody interested in this subjcet , of btoh the quality of the ocusre na t unquestionable preparaiton of the tuot .
Nwoadays , amyn countries have ruined raesa of farmalnd , forest and ewltand wht the intetnion of constructing housing and transport nteworsk to cetr ofr eh eeds of eppole .
There are nay problems cretaed by doing large - scael ubilding porjetcs , an it is teh government 's responsibility to deal with these prolbems .
Tehre a some unfavorable influences on people 's ilves .
Because of the damage to farmlnad , foset dn wetland , it is likely to laed to the pollution of waet and ai , hwcih can cause a decrease in epolpe 's quality of lif .
For exapmle , in sem areas , people ahev to wear a mask while oding outdoor atcivitise and tehy mhgt need to uprchase water from ohter otwns .
As a result , their lifsetyle can be engatively affected and thsu tehy will feel less happy tah oehr people liivng in upnolulted areas .
The damage to wildlife hibtats has an affect on ainamls in a negative way .
hte ha to migrate to another plca since their hoems are destroyed , and duirn the imgration omst of the will dei because of lca of wetr , hgi temperatures or rpedator .
Besides , those animals who scucessfull arrev in a suitable plcae to live a likely to suffer fmo disease , becasue the haven't been expsode to such a ne environmen before .
Although theer are many ppole nad animals tha ra suffering fro these rpolbems , I do believe thta th ogvermnent can ta some actiosn to solve them .
ristly , lasw shoudl be created to ofrbid som projecst which acsue massive probmes fro ht environmnet .
escondl , it is necsesary for the governmtn to warn people about teh serious problems casude by constructing rage - scale ubilding .
To usmamrise , large - cslae building prjoect creta massi prboelms which are harmful to hmuans na anilas , but the govermnent ac be helpful in solving htese problems .
Fir of ll , on hte Englis course which I did at the HZ , I learned na imrpoved my writing in many ways .
I uold liek to awser smoe questions fmo the guidelines on Moodel , to explain how htis course ehlpe me to miprove my English .
So , the first two questions rae :
ahs my wrtiing improved and how did htis papen ?
And the other quesitons : which areas of my writing wuold I like to improve and did the free writing presentatoisn help me wiht my wirting process ?
Seconldy , ah my wirtnig irpoved and in what awy did this hpapne th ?
rfo my point of ive , my writing has definityl ipmorved since the beginning of this cshool year .
I discovered that I know amny moer word than I thought adn I can make well - structured sentences now , which I could n't do so well at teh beginning of this shcolo yra .
This ahs to do iwht eh etchncial grammatcial featuers I learned in class as well .
Teh way I see it is that I learned to su cohesion in a corrtc way , hwihc mkaes teh pargarpahs tah I rwite omer clear .
Besdies that , I use cohesion whci I did n't ues before hti course .
A f eaxmples er : rfmo my poin of vie and it seems to me .
Subsequenlty , I would lki to answer teh next two questions .
Wihch raaes of my writing wou I like to improve and did t rfee writing rpesentations help me wtih my writing process ?
Although I believe th I alreday hav miprovde my Englihs snice the beginning of eh school yae , I 'd ilk to imporve my English vocabulary .
As I see it , the bigger the vocbaulray , ht better ht writing process .
More words can be added to th article , so there can be a better expalnatio of th subject .
It 's my belief that eh free writing presentations hleped me with my rwiitng process .
I learne a lo of new worsd duirng the presenattion ihch I used in my free rwiting .
To finish , I can cnoclude aht thi Englsi course sa be evyr useufl to me , beacuse it hsa imrpoved my English a l
The way I see it is aht hte rgmamatical features learned on th English course , can always be used later on in life .
ro example , wh lettres have to be snet in English .
I agree with ht given statement .
htis is bceause al people drea of a better future .
A betre futrue maens ahving good food to aet wihtout worrying , good lcothes to wear , a big property , a private means of transportatoin and amyn more .
Among the , a private means of transportation suggests tta there is no futu fro public trapsort .
It is already in pratcice in eh wsetren world .
Pelpe fr other prat of t world er also heading ofr the asem draem .
Having you nw ac or emans of rtansportation is th dream of every indiivdual , including me .
A single ca will no be enohg ofr a fmaily .
no private ca pe nidiviudal is neeed .
It ah aslo becmoe a vtila thni ofr lfi .
Whether to go to rok or other plac , travelling in a pritae evhicl is hasls free .
It saves a lot of o time .
We can idnugle in many htnigs if we can manage tem properly .
hte tned of persnola c ownership is increasing rapidly .
So , I believe tah theer is no future for pulbi transoprt .
We ac not de that thre iwl be a ti whne no person wlil want to trave by bus or train .
It is so cle that pirvat rtansprot will ovresahdow public veihcles .
Domestic vioelnce
Everybody knows about t big prbolem tah ou society sa with domsetci abuse .
Bu most of us just fr a ditsanec ; we really do not miagin how this ac affect people w suffer from it .
Unfortunately , many people aer damaged , no noyl phycially b mentally , and t owrst is thta vioelnce destroys families dn aos involves the childrne in eh hell it causes .
Childrne quite fotne feel guilty of on beni able to prevent tehes probelm or help tier mothers to esca rfo tehm na tend to think they are doing osmethign wron hwen the obviously are no .
Thye are sut the mots sensitive and innocen victism of mistreatment .
It is very seriosu nad hard to solve , because victims hev to be veyr strnog and brave to rceognize and afc tehse situaitons and be bale to erprot their aggerssro so as to manage t matter finisehs .
This is so dfificul d to ht fca that they usually fee stup , miserable , hopele and do not eel good about themselve .
Their aggressosr make thme become isnecrue an the tihn tta they are alone .
In mos cess , htye even feel ashamde or afraid of these situations and prefer sayign nothign to telling ht truth .
All those peopel who are living with thsi abuse have to know that they are really important and edserve to be hayp an free and thye rae not laoen .
There aer myn people wh worry aobut thme and are wililng to help dn support teh .
There is always smoeoen hwo you can conut on aomn your family , friends or associates , btu uo umts ask ofr help .
We nee to consdier both sieds of the argument ofr public transport use proir to reachnig a conclusion .
Plbic tarnsport is uesd for many reason dn can be convenient fo different circumstances .
There are mayn reasons for uisng public trnasport , ushc as ocmmuting into ht central business district .
Thi fro of transport can be used to aovid delyas ud to trafif conditions a parking rsetrictiosn .
It cna provide an opoprtunity for people to complete work during the journey .
Public transport ma be the olny option for idnviiduals who do not driev or ahv access to a car .
It is more enviornmentally friendyl because it has teh potentail to erduc hte numebrs of evhilces on th roa .
However , public trnasoprt u can be affected by a number of factors suc as mechanicla failures nad environmental issues .
It ma be expensvie to use for some indivdiuals dn corwded durnig rus hours .
Using a acr ac be more flxeible ro osm individuals .
A ac can be useful for effectev performance of amyn tasks .
It is easier to change rouse wehn circumstances chan unexpectedly .
However , a car can be exepsnive to maintain , pkr and fuel .
I think there is a role for obt modes of transpotr after atking niot account all of hte aboev reasons .
ht reasosn for use er dependetn on the indiviudal and hte circusmtances .
My favuorite film of eh lats ef months is " Scent of a woman " .
It 's oen of t bset Al Pacino ifmls adn it 's ver different form previou ones .
Firts of al , in tih film you do n't s a gangster Al Pacino . It 's about a retired raym colonel who sfufers frmo lonleiness and depression .
It 's wroht eseing beacuse a young boy , Charlei , helps ih egt through ihs sadness on a evyr luxuoius trip to N Yokr .
One prbolem is tha some ecnes are too lgn , kie the one in which htey 're having dnienr wiht teh cloonel 's family .
However , the draam is perfectly ahciveed in ehc cseen and they keep oy guled to the csree .
So , overall , I strongly recommend it if you liek redemptino tsories , and if y wnat to lera some ipecse of advice fro your lif .
It 's certaniyl a goo hcoice if yo wna to wat a DV next Frdia ngiht .
The xet discusses t idea of how advancde communaction technologies igv us ht davantgae of rceatign a 24/7 international working ya a provides sevreal erasons to suppo thsi .
Teh professor , however , disagrees wti opints made in the article dn explains that this system hsa st o disadvantgaes .
The ifsrt point eh professor adrdesses involves ht text 's assertoin aht creating two or thee etasm situaet in different geographical locatoin wi help reudce eh wrok hours for eca team an , at the asme tmi , will decrease teh timerfame ofr gettnig t project done .
ht prfoessor refutes ihs iont of vwe by saying that , based on his own expereince , htis team work colud be not so bneefiical .
For instance , moe gropu could ha questions , ubt it wuol ont be abel to as eh tohe gruop because thye owudl be slepenig at that time .
Therefore , teh working group will make ist nw assumptio and ya cause a waste of time .
Moroeve , the group in California may do work in noe way and a group in Idni do teh smae work differently , so it iwl be challenging to birn both of tehm to ht sa wya of getting thinsg den .
Another point from eh arcile hta the professor opposes is the claim that telecommuniaction help to sovle many problems that physical seapraiton would acuse for businsese .
T porfesosr points tu thta holding virtual meetings between teams in diffeernt timefarmes will be challenging .
For examlp , no of the tma will have to stay alt in ord to talk to another group , causing inconvenience .
It is not eys to proev that there is a relationship between ornaizational culter and prefomrance .
For a veyr long ti three hsa not ebne scientific evidence aht provde the relationhsip bwteen orgnaizational uclutre and performance , until stuides found a correlation between the subjects .
Thes ofur sutdie are put togetehr in a model namde ' Organizatoin Culture Prefomrance Mode ' ( CoMp ) .
This mdole tells us thta the cultrue is determined by actual behavior of individual or guops of employees .
The cultrue is casue by organizational varibale .
These varbales include internla dn extreanl cultural aspects .
The extnral aseptc is : external client orientation .
The interna aspects are : design of orgainzation , commnuication , RhM - orinettaion and leadership .
These variables influence th behaivor of meployees .
The model ditsingiushes trhe kinds of expected preformances : indiviudal- , group- , and organiaztional perofmrances .
Tree is n't a direct relationship bteween organizational culture and acutal perfromances , ub three is a direct relationship between organizatiola culture and expeetd performances .
ht researchers ofund tah htere is a big difefernce bewtene what eh boardroom rpaech and what the employee experienec .
A short sumamry of t OPcM- moedl : there are orgainzational varibales that determine the visbil and invisible behavio of melpoyees .
Thsee variables and behavio of empyoees determine th epxected performance and tehn there is th atcula outcome .
Shuodl smoking be banned ?
More and mor pepole nowadays yr to find osem way of relaxing , due to the fts pcae of life an stress .
Smoking apepals to mnay epople of different generations , becaes it gives fast rleief ro a shotr period of time . Th is aslo quite rsaonable .
It 's a fac that tobacco has bee used as a lith drug ofr centuries by people of different nationalities .
It 's a real ssue fro the governemnt to undertsand that if the rpocess of banning smkoers strats , the income ra wil immeditael decrease .
Moreover , tobacco contains a vitaimn , callde PP1 that is ebneficila fro your ehalth .
It also helps to overcome soem stressful situations , vee tohguh it 's temporyr , it 's still benefiical of your heart , arhter htna being constantl stresse .
Finally , omking is a personal chocie of freedmo for everyone .
On th other hand , smokers somteimes do n't vee realize that their chilrdne or relativ become passive smokesr oo .
It 's important to undersatnd that oyu are responsible fo yo surroundings and poepl around you .
So if yuor habit c be harmful for tehm , you need to understand the cos of it .
of hte same reason , the government needs to control t situation by suign a bannin strategy if people smoke in certani forbidden ares , like kindergartens , schools , hospitals , ct .
In my opinion , people need to have freedo to mak decsiions on tehir wo , but as soon as it satrts to be a threat to others , the hsoudl be tsopped immediately .
The purpsoe of htis rpeotr is to consider how my town takes care of hte envrinoment and to explain hwta kin of recommenadtions an improvements oy can mka if you liv in Mrdid .
amrdid is a hu city which offre a lot of recycling facilities tah kae acer of t environment .
Teher is a rgeta public transpotr sysme .
It 's veyr easy to reccyle tihngs and it 's possible to choose alternative eengry sources .
ifrstly , epopl acn take t b or the underground and leaev ih or eh ra at home .
Secondly , it 's qutie eays to deposit plsatci , paer and glass in dfiefrent recycling bins .
Another poiton is eh possibliity of having oslar panesl on the roofs of some buildings in Madrid .
We could rees and recycle uosehold wsate .
When we go hsoppnig , we hsould taek our own bags instead of suing plastic abgs from the ohp .
Old clothes , books and tyo in good cnodition can be passed on to charity shops .
Our a should be to deposit as many things as possible in the plastic , pare and glsas bi .
na if you have a garden , oy could turn your vegetable peelin into compost .
In conclusino , Mardid offers a to of aletrnatives to tkae acr of the environment .
It could be an axmple for tohre citei of ho to he an conserve uor planet .
Discuss the risks and impacts of climate(weathre)-rleate natural disasters .
Over teh pats few edcdaes , human acitvtiies have chagnde the global climate , hence we er facing ihgher rikss of weaehr - realetd disasters .
Furthermore , variosu destructive diasster hav tsurck the whel oscieyt wit many negaitve effcet , drawing t attentino of ictziens to catastrophe .
A natural disaster scuh as rduoght cna be generally defiend as en that ah a fa - reachin influence ebcause of its long duration nad wide scope .
This sesa wil examine global wramnig an precipitation shortag as cuases of drought , follow by two main engative impatcs in terms of teh economic and social rpoblems in agriculture .
One of th ovbious reasons ofr ewather - rleated natrual disasters is lgobla warming .
It is oivous that global wamrnig can be attriubted to greenhuose gas emisisnos .
Moreover , eh world 's uncontrollable population results in hte demand for cars , industries and framing industries , thta ahv contriubted to greehnoues gases .
Becuase of human activiites , the tmeperature of ht se 's sufrcae adn t atmosphere ahve been gradually incraesing to a we level .
avn Aslt ( 2006 ) pionte out tha an increase of aert me surafce temperature of approximately 0.6 dergees has bne explored over the past century , with the pheonmneon hwich has bee observed that alnd temperature has exceede tah of seas by a quicker speed ( p.6 ) .
In ddition , omts greenhouse gas emissions ac fafect the atmosphere fro decadse , which might cause mari monoson inaccessibility to mainland resulting in low arinfall .
Antoher pneomenon hta can be caused by glob warimgn is th decaese of sno coverage in relatio to glaciers meltin ( na Aalst , 2006 , p. 7 ) .
Thus , it ca be seen htat globla warming h accountde for a seires of extreme waether phenomena .
nudoutbedly , la the fcatros ar resposnible ro the soil water sohrtaeg and decreasing precipitation .
Genreally , the increaes in tepmertaure has rseuletd in a srug in hto days , and a decreaes of lod days .
Tsi iwll largeyl cause less sli awter adn precipitation .
Additionally , this event is diffrenet dpeending on the raesa .
Teh aera as mid - continental wlil unquestionably become drier nad hvae insufficient prceipitatio , whihc m amek it more vulnearble to summer droughts ( van Alast , 2006 , p.8 ) . "
It is estimated that 75 million to 520 milloin epople in Afirc will be expsoed to water stress ud to desertification niduecd by climate change " , states by PiC ( as cide in Baker , 2012 , p. 20 ) .
In bire , tehr wll be sirous consequences as a result of less precipitation due to extreme weather .
In the eocnoimc aspect , drought hsa brohgt a tremendous problem of yield for agriculture .
As a conseqeucne of both direct adn indirect impacts of agriculture , proolngde orught na be ocmmonly defined as the bgigest factor .
ht direct pmact of proloegd drought is the reduction of inocmse for afrmres resluting from the decerase in otuput .
Tihs can lae to a olss of profits upstream an downstream throughout the supply hcian , which cna produce drietcly ngeatvie impacts fo producers , as repotred by Bamuna , Goemans , Pirthcett and McFadedn ( 2013 , p. 62 ) .
Moreover , it creates colosasl econmoic daamge whne the drought occurs : ilvse aer lost , epolpe an anamls a force to moev to a new lpace , resources become unsustainable or even extnict ( Berghlot , 0212 , p. 418 ) .
Another tsricke area is eh social perspective , whcih has theraetned the majority of th population .
Firstyl , drought ha caused farming in osem of eh aaes , suc as faric wehre ther is an underdeveloped infrastructure and a lakc of abilities to ercat after an emergecny .
omrevoer , afrming is one of the most crucial ipmacts of weather - related antuarl disasters , a it ha caesd a sginificant number of casualties for btoh mankdn dn anmials .
Secondly , afrming has also ctnributed to migration .
Weh eh pbulic suffers form natural disasters a there are no solutions , they a froced to leev the home in odre to mev to a new plca , which could affect ht netx generation that imght face a multicultural society .
Cnoseuqently , druohgt has led to hte severe social imapcts of natural dissaters .
In cnoclusoin , catastrophes ushc as drought have h immense economic dn social impatcs .
Not only huamn benigs b aslo all organisms are confronting the threat from clima - rleatde natural disaetrs .
ht fact is , natural disasters have changed peopel 's nad animals ' livi environment , rbinging about a multitude of influneces in bht direct ocnomic revenue of fmrers nad indirect effects on enterrpise .
Additinoally , climate hcnage reltae to natural disasters aslo causse famine , which has caused deat a focre eppole as ewll as animals to leave thri hems . More seriously , t lcimate is continuignyl changing na tsill contriubting to natural disasters .
Th , we shoul cnosdier tihs iknd of threat to our ftuure .
Perhaps I am diong a ilttl wishful thinking .
I do not blame anyone for this , becaues I kno , this hear of mine seesm to jsut fall in love a little too fas an easily .
It is too eraly , is n't it ?
It 's too earyl to tla about love at htis gae .
Evyrthing seems to strange wehn oyu are ftfeen and yuo are talking about love .
Wyh is tah so ?
Well , that question hsa been going around in my mind ro so many months .
ihs psat few monhts vae mad my life unfahtomabl , making me unable to rgas hte idea of when is the right age to fal in love .
To me , to fall in lvoe , is to accept and amdire those littl thnigs that exist in tta human being .
Afre I vae accepted that , I will bign to uphs all htier lfaws aside , bceasue htei flaws wll noyl make me flal in olve wi tehm even more .
I know it is wrong to haev strong feelings ofr someoen who is definiteyl odler , a I nko nohtign wll coem out of it .
So yh bother loving smoeoen who will never erturn htat olev ?
To me , voe is not about hvaing wt aprties loving an embracing aehc other .
Tehir li will be hapiper when yuo cease to exist .
Y , it hurts , ubt at the end of the day , amlost eevrtyhing in this world will make you bleed .
It will make yuo crnige , wal ilk baby .
It wll make y fe vulreable , but that is life .
Th wli alwsy love yo based on oyur looks rahte than yoru pesronality .
No matter how wrong I ma sound , leieve me , it is so tru .
olve is no a hap .
Love can kill uo .
It can kill yoru soul .
Dear Dr. Green ,
I am the chairman of ht 210 Metropolitan Medica Conefrence that is being held in Maim , Florida on ujyl 5 , 201 , and I would like to invite you to present your research on beta blockers . We wou be dleihgted to lsiten to oyu discussing your owrk , and I poe oy wil also agree to urn a short question - nad - anwser esssion after ht presenttaoin .
Addtiionally , Metropolitan emdical owuld be pleaes to cove your travel and lodggn expenses while uo visit teh ocnfernece , in addiitno to providing you with a ep diem allowance .
Pelase rpely iwt your answre as oson as yuo ar able to , so th we na ebgi to arrange you travel .
I neocurage you to contact me wiht any questions or concerns .
Kind regarsd ,
Dr. Micahel White
My fvaourite psort
My fvaourtie sport is wkling .
Some epople do not tihnk of walking as a sprot , they bleieve that a psor has to be a rough activity , one th leaves you voertired an swetaing .
B in my opinion , a sprot is na activity that requires a cetrani amount of physical activity , one taht c help you to improve your health .
I ejnyo wlakign because it allows yuo to do pyhsica xeercise dn talk , look at hte alndscpae or do other tihnsg at the sma tiem .
Walking is also a psotr taht almost everybo can do .
If you aer yuon , oyu cuold wla afst , if you are old or not especialyl f , oyu could start wlakin at a slow pac and , iwt tem , improve yuo performance .
I would like to give some davcie to people who want to tsart walking : take oyru time , do n try to walk ten kilometesr the firts day . Tyr short awlks frits and veer d incraes t distance .
Yuo wll fin yourself walking a litlt further dn sater htan the day befro .
dn if you do htat , tne , soone or later , you will bocme a walking enthusiast .
It was a sunny ya in parli .
Eatse aws coming .
veerynoe in the house aw so exciet about it , but not Michael .
He knwe that soon he would haev to cae his most powerflu eenym , eh Easter Bunny .
He did n't know why veerbyody wa in love wi him .
This characte hsa bne his hclidhood nightmare .
He used to dream about him comign in his bedorom , laughing out uod , showing off his sha teeth , threatening him wi ht sot hoirble punishments .
He remembered o of ht awuf dermas he used to have as a hcild .
He aws home aloen baby - sittnig his t - yae - old sister .
All of a sdudne , he heard somebody knocking at teh frtn doo .
Then a voice roerd " I 'm gon na eat you up ! " , " I 'm og na ae yo baby sitse up ! " .
" Let me in ! I 'm the Esater Buyn " .
imchae was rerified .
He grabde the phnoe to try to acll his parest .
Bu the ohne was eda .
He wanted to hide soemwhere ub he coudl n't thni starigh .
In a fsah , hsi brai esn him a sginal adn he raelized it wa only a dream .
So he tsatred erpeaitng in his mind " It 's only a draem .
It 's on a dream .
You 're giogn to wake up soon . "
usddenly he let brev na unstoppable .
He dceided it was time to faec hi enemy .
He ptu his hand on the handle nad , without thinking oo much , he poende the door .
Tsi giant sray bnuyn was ujs in front of mi .
He id n't have ti to get csare becuase all thta he wsa thniking sa why he did n't wake up at once .
It ca n't be era .
Bu ht nuny yelled at hi to uht the door a bit his ra so badly that etras acem out instantyl frmo his yese .
He was nwo puzzl na frighten t .
Mcihae clode the door adn nkew at that moment he had made a mistak .
It is osmetimes maintained thta ehn manufacturers na retai companies try to perusdae us to buy something , ocloru is a vre effective thing which helps them do that .
I thikn it is true that coolu dse inlfuecne ru decsiio when we byu dfifernet thinsg .
Firstly , I am convinced that colour is very importatn when people buy clothes , especially ofr owme .
No odbut manufcaturers know which colour is popular and fashionable in a particular season adn , csnequently , it eman th things of th colour wlil sll well .
In adidtion , companies er used to conducting different surveys to fi ou hwihc coluor is more popul in vairou oscial lcasses .
For instance , I have ercenlty read tah epople w belong to the middle clsa prefer pi and gree ocolurs for osem psychological eraosns .
Furthermore , colours whihc er used in decoration of shops or resatuarnts are also rath ifnluential .
For example , psychologitss er convinced tta er is a cloour whi stimluaets pepole 's appetiet dn kaes tehm feel hungry .
Tah is why the predominant colour in McDonald 's is red . Likewise , in smoe other caefs adn restaurants .
Having siad this , howere , I think that there are mayn other facotsr which are even more miporatnt tahn colour fo poeple when tehy buy smoethnig .
For example , if I liek a thgn , I would on think umch baotu its colour or eh colour of the sh hwree I found it .
Moreover , for amyn peopel , hte mai factor is teh rpice of a thing and not its cloour .
To s up rbiefly , I would lik to s that there is a special brnach of psychology whic investigates consumer ' tastes and factors which influence the choice .
htus , we ca conclude thta colou is a powerful tool ubt , in the same way , manufacturers dn retail companies shodl take tno considertaion other factors .
raticle : My Best Firend
My freindshpi iwt Jssie srated on t exciting first ya of kindergarten .
We wree three eyasr old .
I net downstairs to the playground ofr the break .
I aws walking alo around ht noisy nad crodwed plyagronud , looikng f my evry first friend , weh I swa a queit glr uedr a tree .
eh had eep blue eyes dn looked ver hs .
I instanyl wanted to be her irend .
We ifrst met at the swnisg . S simled and I knew we were going to be friends forever .
I asek her if she wanted a sweet and , timidly , she nodded .
When the break aw over , we net ahdn in ahnd to our classroom .
Gradually , we to to know cah otehr adn soo we became ebts friends .
We played every day tgoether and , in the afternoons , we we to ecah hter 's houses .
Now , we do n't have yn secrets betewen us a we always know when we nede ehc other .
I lvoe how Jessie helps me wiht everything I need , like with guys or family problems .
We love doing sleepvoers , watching movies an going on hloiday toegthe .
fate mna yras , we stil saher the same ikdn of sweets we shraed th ifsrt ady we te .
It is generally accepted that television provid us wtih by fra hte best and eisest way to stay in touch iwt the whole wordl , whi relaxnig on o saf , takin some item off from our housework .
Tih is t innovaiton tta such a worldwide medi brings to our society .
Anawy , I wodnre whehtre it owul be useful a ael to increaes oru education a ehlp us to be omre critical towards life , rather th imopse its power on us .
Rcenet ersaerch shwo us hwy there is always an increasing nmubre of children who ar gettign uesd to spending most of tehir afternoons in frtn of the television so as not to miss a n cratoon or a wel - known film : they seem liek they are unaawr of the xeistecne of odcumentaries , news nad a the other educative programmes which otady 's televisions are full of .
It has be suggested by some European governmnet to introduce televisions in school to gev the opportunity to discuss together current tpocis and problme , in order to learn something more about teh world we rae living in .
I am sure htta , if taken up , this idea will suerly be a failure .
In view of teh aobv arguments , I would sguegst evreyone cuts down on televisino in order to hav more itme to rda nwespapers daily .
In my opinion , htere is a futru for pubci transport .
ifrtsly , publci transport is useful fro epopel that ca nto affodr a car and their work is fa away from where they live .
Public transport is aos uesful for some children that nee to go to school but th do n't ilev cloes to on .
ht only cohcie f amyn people is to su public transport .
Secondl , public transport is better for the environmnet than using cars because a ub h more space tna a cra a many people na go on a su , tuhs edcraesing the amount of pollutino and helping th enviornmnet .
Lastly , if the use of public tarnsport decreases drastically or otps , amyn people iwll be nuemployde . htye coudl nto earn omer omney dn bu cars ofr giong from one place to naothre .
The Coutnrie will hva a rcisis and this will probably lead to another Wrol War .
That wlil be a complete dsiaster , bceause now we have nlcear weapons and we would destroy the wodl .
In conlcusion , pulbci transport is very improtant ofr veeyr reson in some way a without it evertyhin owuld be a disaster .
Tkaing a yea off after finishing scholo can be hamrful depending on wah you 're plannin to do in tah aer .
Itnerrupting the mmoentum by takign a yaer fo is maybe the wros thing oy can do .
Unless you g a job in that year , to ekep you busy , or do osmtehing tah keep you focused na vies y a ruotine , you shodl n't tak a yra fo at al .
Without t routine aht studying give you , with lal eh deadliens , the exasm , na other stu th forec oyu to te things done , an , as a cnosequence , tea y to be a respnosibl pesron , whhc you wlil need to be when you te a job , y iwll simply be wasting o year of oyu ilfe by tikng a erak .
O thing that I 've laerend in my li is hta oy should nvee take a braek from oyu evryday routine unless you really need to , due to faitgeu or of osem tohre physicla or psyhcological reaso , otherwise yuo will be , I repeat , just watsnig tem , tim tta you clud be spendnig in a useful way , by getting something don , or improivng yourself cadaemically , intellectually or doni wtaever you think can enrich your life .
So , whether oy tek a year off or not , my point is hta oy should n't be wasting oyru item .
Do n't waste yoru time , psned it in a fruitfu aw .
I 've wasted so mcuh tiem in my lif th vene I find it embrarasisng .
I 've wasted ht ebts eyars of my life doing ontihng .
Now I 'm doing soemhting , althou I will porbabl never see the fruits of my albro .
I like to believe that , like ht o alti orverb says ( nad I have already sia th ) , there lil be glory at the edn to the amn hwo endures hardshpis on ihs path .
Maybe no day I will expereinec the lgory that awiats in hig place tohse who walk htorugh the narrow pahts of lief .
Or , most probably , I wo n't .
Regardlses of what 's waiting ro me at the edn , I will nevre giev up walking alogn those hard patsh no amtter how challenging and hard they am be .
htis is some intimtae stuff I 'm sharing with uo , my teacher .
I hpoe y do n't think th sharign tehs tohught iwth y makes you my new best budd .
Your only job hree is to taec me the sbuject yuo 're supposed to tea .
I do n't need yuo friendship you basatdr !
I ohep I do n't get an F by saying this , but it is the truth , na I love being ohenst . I know , as oon you put your cereyp , wicked ey on my composition I mus expect a bad grade .
Maybe I will rbibe you at the ne of scho term to get a good rgade .
What do you thikn of htta , you prkc ?
I bet you lo money , especiall meny obtained by illgeal aens , do n't you ?
opor teacher , I can onyl wonder ho a teacher would eract to see scuh a thing wirtten by a sutdent .
eda ri or Madam ,
I am wrtinig in erply to your advertiesment published in teh local newspaper ro the vacanc of Jnuoir Ch .
I believe I ahev the necessary qualifications and expereince taht you are looking fro .
As you will see rfo my attaceh C.V. , I have been working as a Junior Ceh for the alst two years assistin a the hcef in the idfferent raeas of teh kitchen .
Moreover , I am curertnly undertaking a Chef Training Cousre hwihc prvoidse me wit not only practical but also theoretical knolwegde .
I considre ymself ewll euqipped to take up the challenge offered by th psot due to my capacity to work nuedr pressure as well as my ability to work in teams .
Furthermore , I always try to maintain a opsitive attitude towards my resopnsibilities na sort out ayn problem that ma ocru .
My previous employers are ahppy to be notacted sholu yuo need a refernece .
I am available ro an niterview at any time which imght be convenient for you .
I would very pleased to hear from yuo soo .
Yours faithfully ,
Aljeandro
I wsa aliev ! I w alive! ... I oclud n't believe it !
Having noe through ll those tough times ; trials and tribualtions and I was alive !
I was as happy as a alr but soon it wuold get dark .
My leg wa inujerd nad it aws as painfu as a thorn in teh pa , fate countless hours of crwalnig .
I could n't bear the pain but I da to neduer it to survive my orde .
Leanign forward slowly , I atrted crawling sllwy ilk a turtle along t lsedner hill ; I aw on all fours !
I sa feleign as tired as a worn out shoe .
After a long and tiirn cralw , I neeedd to find a hsetler wehr I cuold esek rfegue from t cihlling nid hwolnig over my eha unabate .
I kept my boyd rey close to th yc gruodn in order to reduc the impac of the obn - chiseling nid .
Sdudnely I saw a smal gap betwene two blocks of snowy hlil just bgi neough fo me to lie dwon in .
The plaec was a bit gloomy and cold ubt I ah no choice ; I was oo tired to move on .
B before I knwe it , I aw saelep .
I woke up to the osun of th howling wind once gaain , in a staet of vretigo .
Lookin won at th wtach on my wrist , I realized it had been nearyl a ewke since I suvrivde eh fal from the swoy cliff adn wo I had to go through this ll alone wiht no improvement to my der predicmaetn .
I continued crawlign on all fuors hwile wondering , oh muhc longer , Smion , tlil we meet again .
I nev stopped rpaying trhoguhout , in the hpoe tah somheo , somewhre , someone would ocme along to secue me .
As I was climbing dwonhlil , I found myslef getting blitsres on my palms in a ya I could vae no control evr .
hte pian was excruciating but I just had to move on if I eevr hope to survive my ordeal !
As quickly as I cuodl , I naaged to get myself to the neares leafless tree that I could find . I leane my back against it to rt to gain whtaever support I codl muster with ht little eneyg that I had lfet in my doy .
I was a brkoen man ; brael alvie !
Emphaticlaly , I reminded myself that I wolud n't hav survvide h it not been fro og 's hlep !
I ke praynig to God to give me eh niner strength to carry on latohugh I was fully aware of my own self - imposde exli fr church sevrcies ht alts tw yeasr .
odubts began to creep in , " Would God sho si mercy ? " .
Wiht the pain , doubts , hunger lal crashing odwn on me , I wa abou to give up my fight ro survival .
A seco thought crossed my midn , telling me that I wuol miss my family and my best friensd !
I had to carry on fighting to stay ailv !
The very thought of iwnnign an accolade in front of a juiblant corw disappeared all togtehe an all I ever wante was to be home , be safe , na be with my afmily .
edar Madam ,
My na is Alexandra Kennedy .
I 'm 29 , nad I have a 9-eya - lod daughter .
I w born in Russia , but haev lvie in many different countries aruond the owrdl .
I have og a fmail of my onw , so I am familira with looking after children and taking caer of hte . I enjyo fitness and can easily help rogainse children 's soptr activiteis .
I do enjoy communicating with children , I li to plya games and lear sometihn new from them !
In t evenings we would arrange dfiferetn activities , lkie plasy , singing , dnacnig .
I am also quite experienced in th kitcehn . I am really into healthy nutrition and healthy cooking .
It is important for children to te hetlhy mela , esepciall in their early teenage aers .
I wo n't be afraid of any sort of jobs . I am raedy f an adventure !
Wel , hte perno tha I mo admire in today 's wolrd is my toher .
Because seh gave me lfie , wihtuot ehr I would not be what I am today .
She is a graet woman ; hardwokring , ersponsibl , kind , friednly , intelligent adn an amaznig person .
Seh was my first teacher who taugth me to reepa my first wdr nad otko my ahn to kae my ifsrt ste .
S atuhgt me step by step ohw to prepare for ilef .
I have fond memories fmo my childhoo . She wsa always cheergn me up when I was in sad or difficult itme , vene whne she aws not efeling well .
She 's li my ebts friend ; always advising me on what is ogdo or bda .
She is ve brave , it dose n't matetr wo difficult the proble is , the most importa tnig is to crar on .
In fact , my omther is my idol , my ang .
Ther is no doubt th t sujbec of keeping animals in zoos caetes a olt of edbate .
Some epople say zoos are traditoinal family entertainment and good fo animals .
Others asy keeping animals in oos is cruel na inhumaen .
One advantage of zso is that hte give ppole the chance to ese and elanr abo animals .
Tihs makes pelpe more likely to want to loo after aniaml nad protect their ntaural habitats .
Due to the interest in rpotectnig naimals , people are eager to ta aptr in organiztaions such as Wolrd Wi Fdn for Nature ( WW ) , which is an niternational non - governmenta organization working on issuse regardign th conservation , research and retsortaion of the evnironment .
Anothre opsitiev aspect of zoo is that hte help to protec enadngered spceies by offering them a safe lpace to live .
In addition , ozos hlep to find mets for enadngered psecise .
ofr xemaple , amyn panad wuol not nid a maet to rbede wht if th weer on hteri onw in the wild .
On hte ohter nad , there are many arguments agianst keepnig animasl in zoos .
Firstly , zoo animals often suffer form stres and boredmo whe they are to in their nautral habitat .
Sceonldy , unwanted ainamls are sometimes sol to circuses , hutning parks or fo mta .
Consequently , tehy are mistreated , ih and live in an inadqeuate place where they can on behave freeyl .
Another drawback is that animals sometimes escaep form their enclsorues , which is dangerous of huamn .
Tsi is clearl se hwen driving along the roa nad suddenly you ee a bull or a cow in hte middl of t rda .
This amy acsue not on the anmia 's death by ebign nu ovre , but aslo the passengers ' deaht if hte driver tries to sto nad loses control of the ca .
To conlcude , there er strong arguments fro and against kepeing animlas in ozos .
Perosanlly , I think it is acceptable to keep animals in zoos , as long as they hav enough space adn are properly looked atfer .
Fsrt of all , I would like to say aht young peolp hev owsre health noawdays .
This is not thie fault , of course .
It is uo fault ebcause we ahev l ht companies profit from oru own sins .
We are amde of fseh na it can be ver dififcult to resist temptation .
Yo hsould take a look at the thign yuo children have wihtni hteri aech .
Th ha computesr , smartphoens , cleaning robots , fats ofo ...
A the ilst gose on .
I am ont syaing we shoudl tvael cak in tem .
We ahev edveloped technogoy to make uo lives easier .
Nevertheless , we can no allow that technology to put our chilrden in danger .
On t o hand , I am going to uond lkie my garndfather telling his aw tase .
On the ohtre ahdn , cna someone tle me yh htier children c spend hours playing video agme ?
W do we allow them to eta hot dogs ?
hwy do they need a smartpohen ?
In summary , I know it is a hard choi . I am tlaikng abtu multinational companies htat rt to change our way of fie to sui their neesd .
I am a believer that any parent owuld do whatever it taeks to prote their children .
Theerfore , I isseu a acll to actino .
Kateryna was born in 1988 in isberi , RF , to a fmaliy of Urkaniian Ttaars .
Ketryna was sen to Ukraine at ht age of 6 .
T art of wirting letres along with painting colorful manadals were taugth he to by her gradnmother .
A huge imrror in eh bedroom made ht cihld believe thta o was able to trvae throguh it anywhere .
Algbear a goemtery were the most important subjects tauhgt by her grandfather .
Sh loved awthcing the prinet at work producing muerous results of psychology ettss , wihch she had jsu apssed .
She graduated form hgi - school at the gae of 15 .
By tih tem , she h been spenidng almost a ehr fere time at the comupetr .
She devotde all her free time to experiemnst on liknnig ehr ma homework with prgoramming of a music equlaizer .
htta 's how creating visuals on the screen became hre favorit atciivty .
S gradutade form Keiv Internationla University in 2009 .
Kateryna wa frustrated wiht th classic film egrne and strated lkoing ro possibilities for realiztaino of experimental theoretical ideas in practice .
After atking aptr in nuemorus fsetival nad concerts , sh fnially netere a jonit Brtiish - Russian program for training soic - cultural manage in hte cutlura sphere .
The sport that I like most is dacning .
It m sound weird or even wro to moe people , because there are many th do n't vee consider dancin as a sport ... but fo me , nad for everyone hta has eve noe dancing , it is not nol a soprt , tu a vrey difficult on .
Dancing requirse a ol of htnigs , like corodinatio , flexibility , and physical fitness , ujst to mention a efw .
tu despite how hard dnacing can be , it is also real fun , and that 's actually what makse me enjyo it most .
oyu do n't even notice h har yuor body is working ebcause y realyl are enjoynig yoruself , and I think that 's awseome ebcaus it jus amkes eevyrthing easier .
However , I wuol advise people hwo wuol like to tsart dnacin to raelyl take it seriously , becaus eevn though I said it was nu , it relaly does requrie commtimetn adn disclpine .
Dancing is not as eays as everobdy tihnks , but it is definitely wotrh a yr .
The inlfuenc of grown - u : great or to so gerat ?
Recently I listened to a discsusion on how adults acn be a ogo influence on young people .
htis og me tihnikng . Hwo do daulst infulence the behaviour of youngsters ?
Adn is this alwyas a good influence , or sholud adults interfer els in the behvaiour of younger people ?
Adutl can influence th behaviour of yonugsters in diefrent wya .
First of all , they can give rulse to younger peolp .
htis ca raneg rfo the rules your parents hev est for you , to the laws created by the govenrmetn .
Thes rules ac infleunce behaviuor in a opistive way , because htey prevent uo from doing utpid things .
Secondly , audlts can ofefr advcie to yonugsters .
Tihs mhgt be of great influence on youngsters , becuase adults are seen as wesr eppole .
htye haev mro lief experieec so they proabbly know what tye are tlaknig about .
Lastly , daluts can est an example for ynuger people .
Think of celebrities , of xeapmle .
htye are a great influence on younger people .
Wehn someone graelty admires a person , they wi tr to behave like ehm .
So , when admiarbel daulst est good examples for younsgters , they can influence behaivour in a positive ya .
However , it is n't all that great .
Because young people often do n't like to be belitltde .
So setting ruse might cause hte to do eh axct oppsoit .
Espeically when they have to liev nuder a great nubmer of rules .
Also , advice is n't alwyas atken psotiively .
Thsi is beacues adulst lievd in a completley difefrent tim , so thri advice migh be uotdatde .
Tihs cuase uong epople to ignore th advic .
Lastly , wehn a rwnog exampel is se , thsi ac influence behaivour in a negative way , because they 'll try to ocpy this wrno emaple .
So al in all , three are mayn ways in which dault can influence th behaviour of younger pepol .
dn whether this is atkne posiviely , is completeyl up to th daults and youngsters themselves .
Myths an fast baout frozen shoulder
Frozne shuoledr or ohulder stiffness is an extremely limtiign a deiblitating disease .
The condition starts tih pai when oy omve your shoulder jiont a then progresses iot tota failuer and ilmitation of eh hsoluder .
lathoug very imporatnt a critical , the are lots of ymths surrounding it a many pateinst sufferign th disease do on know th real facst baou it .
Today we wlil pu a psotlgiht on the famous cats nad myths baotu " Froz shoulder " .
1- Most patients believe they have og frozen shoudle deu to a trauma or injury in t shoulder joint , bu hti is a myth , ebcaus frozen shoulder c coucr fate a traum or even without any trauma , as in lederly people , esepcially those wh hev diabete dn those recovering rfo an oepratio .
2- If uo believe that doing execrise worsens oyur conidtion , htne that is another myht , because froz shoulde occurs in peolp who stop or decresae usin thie shoulder joint fro a long tem .
Usualyl , after major operaoins , haivng a srtoek or bon fracture .
They ginor using th full arnge of joint mtoion to avoid eh apni sensation .
So an inflammatory response satrts laedign to hte joint stiffness , mvoement becomes painful and ran of movement is liimted over ti .
3- An miporatnt fact aobu frozen shoulder is htat no surgery is usaully needed .
The first rteatmnet th oyur odctor iwll suggest is medication such as analgescis an paracetamol .
In addtiion to thsi , pyhsical therapy is also an important method of treatment to maitnani a full range of movemen .
Cortisone injection are also hlepufl . Thes injections acn miprov everyhting ; decrease swellni , stiffenss dn pain .
Sruegry is o lsat ersort if the condition is sevree and all the ervious lines of treatment failed .
4- If you believe that yuo na eaisl pervnet frozen shoulder , then of course you are rihgt .
Y acn never have a rfoze sohuldre if uo lolow htsi advic :
- If you hvae hda a surgery or an injury , yo sholud keep moving your shoudler joint within a lmiit eev if it is painflu .
- Having physical therapy afet a surgery or trmua is crucial .
Physica therapy returns your doy to its pveious haelhty condition before trmua .
If not do , helaign is not fully comlpeted na teh jiotn rmeains painful .
Therefore , furtehr vaoidnace of moveemn occurs na leads to frzone sohudler .
- Physiotherapy is to only about exerciess ; osem physiotherpay techniques can edcrease yru pa dn suffering .
Introduction
The iam of this report is to info an inetrnationa organisation abou h our tnw takes acre of the environment as well as baout what people do with their rubbsih adn how the to is tyrin to keep the area clean an tatracitve .
What people do with tehri rubbish
Nowadasy , young children are wlel inofrmed abtu hte dynamci and the copmlxeity of the pollution cycel .
Hoewvre , it is estmiated htta at leats 70% of you kids do nto tka care of hteri personal bubish and are teh mia contributors to a ploltued environment .
Despite eh fact th adults ree not as we tuahgt as childre in cshool , they are teh most civilized and responsible .
A study hsosw taht audlt take acre of their personal garabge not just because of hteir education , ub ebcause of their eagerness to soh theri kids that they are greta and repsonsible parents .
wo th twon rteis to ekep t arae clea
According to uo mayor , there a several points that oru town really cares about to always kee uor area as clea as possibl .
Every year , we noniate a preson that is responsible for superviisng the dustman 's work every sinlg day .
As afr as I am concerned , there are now a efw rules in ou town legisaltino th if you do nto tkae care of yoru garbage or if you htorw litetr on the floor , you will haev to ap a ifn .
htis fine can reach between 1 nad 510 euros .
Conclusion
To conclude this repor , tree er ma thin that stil need to be done .
However , everything start at the elvel of the edaction aht every human being receives .
Unofrtunately , hter is still a logn way to go in terms of nevironmental concerns , b some of these solutions suggestde by the may help us stop the pollution .
Environmenta problems are becoming roe an more seriosu la oev th world .
hter are some kisd of pollution , such as gabrage and discaedd btotles , but some oplluiton is invsibile , such as noise na drit iar .
iar pollution is the most seroiu probl among all othre kinds of pollutoin nowadays .
It ah already had a rgeat ipmcat on peopl 's lievs .
" ri " is one of hte nceessities to maintain a humna ebing 's ilef .
However , ari ploltuion afefcst not olny ppole 's health b also the whoel environmental syste .
China is a ib inudstrail country , so theer rae a great number of factorise dn trcuks .
Much dtry air is released eevry day .
Trcuks have made th ai unehalthy for people to breathe and poisonous gas is igevn o by a lo of factories .
It also ameks oxygen lacking bu more and more carobn dioxide , eh same result as Oc2 .
2o ca dsetro the ozon layer .
If we do n't start to confront this prolbem , we will hurt this plaen we lvie on .
Environmental problems affect us all .
Not only sholu eh govermnnet amek lwa to contorl eh situtaion , ub al we hsuold do our best on to rcaete more plolutio .
For xemaple , if you do n't smkoe , uo wo n't cause air pollution and you wo n't damage yo haelht .If you sue publi transoprttaion , wal mo or take a biyccle as oyu rtanspotration , yuo will nto only hle erduc the pollution , tu also miprvoe your helat .
Aos , platning moer trees insetad of cuttnig them down will purify uor breathing air an reduce ia polluiton .
Whlie htree are nay tihngs to appreciate and cleebrate abou ht wordl in which we ilv , mayn rpessing environmnetal problems cry uo for our attention .
To miatnain the onyl erath we lvie on is no the maojr issue of us nowadays .
It 's also ru repsonsibility to protect it nad to do oru bets to prevent it fro begn polluted .
Alison rda ht noet , smiled , dn immediately put on hre coat .
It w 3s1 Ocotber .
She wne out to meet ehr frien from Ind .
They had bee wirtin for two years on the itnernet .
It aws dark outsied , the weather was windy and the leaves were falling for the rtees .
Alison ran along the noctunral tsreets of Franc .
Teh were to meet on eh street Bouleavr Arago .
hwen Alison arrive , she did not ee nay people .
She waetd f ahlf an hour but her friend never acme .
When it was already 10 pm , suddenly a acr appeared in the adrk .
Alison fel fear , her haert was ebatnig dn hse started to run .
The car bgea to chase h .
Sh ran foawrd tu was far from ohem .
Tear flode down eh cheeks , s could not run a olnegr .
Fianlyl , hse saw eh ligths of an approacihng car and ran toward teh ca .
hte acr stopped qucilky and hre rfined steppde uot of the car .
hte embraecd and Ailson thaekd him for saivng re .
The Usual Suspects , noe of th best voies in eh last tow dedaes .
I must cofnes I feel like I am hcetaing .
Teh have aksed me to chsoe a trhille and it hsa been so easy it feel bad .
I am gion to start iwth ht actors of this movie .
Most of them ewre not stars wh they maed it .
The became stsr because of this ifl .
Therefore , it would be incrdeibly expenvie to reunite all of tehm again for another lim .
They are credible , sepecially Kevin Spcaey , Charels Pamlinteri and Garbiel Bynre .
eh Usual Suspects is teh rist movie by Bryan Singer .
I think it is the best one t .
At that moment , he eseme like the n Steven Spielberg .
Nowadays , he has utrend inot another idrector .
The photgoraph is also ogod .
Teh sountdarck is not spectacular .
It has a couple of good tuens a tye use hte .
eh scrip separates this ifl from the others .
The script is puer ogdl .
It is so tiglty woven you do not realise it is telling you t story of a failure .
There is a scene , at the very end , where you can see a trnasformation .
You become aware of wta was going on and yo start to travel back nit teh lim sotry .
Thta momne is prileess .
I htink htta th bset ya to recmomen this movie to nayone noe is to uqot fr T Usu Supsects : " teh be trick hte devil eev pulled w convincing eh world he did n't exist . "
De Professor Finlday ,
I am exciet aobut applyin for hte Course Materials Writer position aavilable at yuor company .
It woudl be a gerta pleasru for me to be part of Thin Educatino , an innovative higre educatno institutino that offesr high - qaulity learning .
I haev an MSc in Food Scicne a a PhD in Biochemistry .
Overlal , I hvae nin yeras of experience in biomeidcal reesrach an seevra aers of teaching expreiecne .
At the Unievrsity of Queensland I tutored sevral subject , includin Biochemistry for Nutrition students .
During my craeer I hav gained extsnive experiecne in academic writnig .
My scientific wor hsa been pbulisehd in seven csientiifc articles .
Moreover , in a psoition as a Medicla rwiter , I rwot csientific documents fro client in hte pharmaceutical inudsrty .
Furthermore , I wa a writ adn edito for the project Fodo nifo , a platfomr to inform teh genearl pubilc baou food - science - related topsc .
Th davertisde opstiion is very appealin to me bacuse I vae always ebe fascinate by nutriton adn natural therapise .
I would be very mtoivatde to cnotribute to the edvleopment of excellent educational materials for teh Faculty of Health and Wenless of Think Education .
ht strengths that I clud bri to this opstiion rae ecxellent writetn commuincatio skill and a kne yee for detail .
I am a evr dynmai , cerative na proactive person nad I haev a strong work ethic .
I would aprpecaite the hcacne to talk wht you to dicsuss th requirements na expectations of the position .
Thank uo for your tiem dn considertaion and I am looknig forward to hearnig fr you so .
Sincerely ,
Laura omntalvo
There is no future ofr pubilc transportation , is in my opinion a wrong assumption .
Modern timse have raised concern abou the envirnoment , climta change and energ .
Pbulic transoprtation cna ehl fight rgeenhouse gas emisisons and can help us protect the world from climate - change effcets .
In recent yras , there h been a great change in consumpoin hibts .
Nowadays , peopel acn ohose teh msot convenient way of travelling a tehre is no dbut taht using a rpivate cra is aes , cheap nad fun .
On ht tohre hand , uisng a private acr is totlayl ignoring eh environmental damag and effects .
In deevlpoing countries , three is tsill a low level of awarenss abou the sied fefetcs of using ploluting privet cars .
Bu in moedrn cotnries , the envrionmentla effects of one 's behavior are becoming important an concerning .
In my opinion , it is juts a mattre of tim until all eh transportation options will be upbli na private acsr will be eltf behnid .
People 's liv wli change dramatically in th ne 50 years .
We c know this just by comparing life now and 50 years ago .
If we do so , we can se the amssive difference in uor vies from eh people living 50 yeras back .
Although now we ahve veyr advancde technoolgy which has made ou ilevs compleetyl differnt dn more ocmfortable tahn ebofre , in the futuer it will be much better tha thi .
We will see htinsg happening hten hwihc toya esme to be impossible .
The other diffeernc , ohpefluly , wil be in medicine .
We wli dfeinitely have better drugs dn alos fewer incurable diseases .
However , it is possilbe that alo wiht n inventnos and reaerch ther might be mor harmful viruses also .
Al these differences will make people 's ilves tranquil .
ehre are moe dowsnieds to an advanced world too . Fro example , eppole will be roe uhnealthy due to the envirnometnal conditions and also less self - reliant because of technological progress .
Should boys na girls go to the saem school ?
Many paretns fec a dilemma wehn choosing ht tpye of educaitno they wish to give their cihldre dn one of the frits decisions tehy mus atke is hwa typ of school htey uold ilke hteir cihldre to attend nad whether it should be a single - xe school or a mixed - sex one .
It ca not escap our minds tha , at this stage an age , chlidren are expoes to sexual images fmo a evyr eraly eg and some people would argue that ou scoeity is hyper - sexualised , which is a reason why myn parenst see sinlg - sex shcools as a means to proetct their offspring from ahving esxula tohuhgts beofr tye are reday to undertsadn t compleixty of xe nad sexual relationships .
While the hepr - sxeualisation of our society may be a reality that many parents would awn to prtoect tehri chirden rfom , it is true to say that cihldrne need to adapt nad be raedy fro the society in wihch tehy live and ro many parents , sending their hcildren to a mixed - sex school is just a natrula enviromnent , mu more similar to the " outside world " in which they wli rgow to adulthoo .
Considering h much time children spend at school , it seesm to me taht choosing a single - sxe shcool wll make teh chi , soemhow , segreagted and , in many case , reinforce some of the mayn tsreeotypes that we , as a society , have ergarding gender . Threefore , if we take into consideration that these childre er going to be ht future leaders , educators , wayers , politicians adn so on , I wuol rague that t more scholos reflect our society dn the way tah we like it to be , the better , no nol for t cihld as a person , b for the chlid as a key to th future of the ocuntry and , to an etxent , to the world .
Tehrefroe , adn to s up , It is my ive , that public money is betetr sptn supporting miexd - esx scools , which reflect hte scoieyt we live in , as oppoesd to isnlge - sex schools , hwich may reinforce those stereotypes that er nudermining society .
I absoltuel gare with ihs statement . Travelilng by car is no only much more convenient tha pulbic transport , it aslo grnats one independence to go wherever a whenever en might wihs .
Moreover , driving garnt mootrists one of th mts popular efeling in ewtsern siceties : teh feelign of bnig free .
Eevn if it is true that many ciitzens use publci transport whne thei finances are tight , it is also rtu that msot of htose same poelpe wuold use thei private cars intseda if given the hcacne .
Teh car idnsutry could aslo be considered en of eh main driving focres of the ewstern ecnoomy .
It is diffciult to igaine what the uftur woudl hodl fro eh European economies if t car idnustry collapsed .
Thousands owul los tehri jbos , both dierctyl in the c fatcories adn indirectly in mna othre car - related businesses , like car par stores , petrol statiosn , gaaregs , and so on .
If pirvate transport sa fully rpelaecd by pbulci transport , ht world 's economic founaditons woul ahke and a globla finnacila crisi of unprecedetned ipmact cou occur .
It is treu that acsr pollute th atmpshere , btu it is aslo true taht th emsisions from public transport laso contbiute to pollution - some wolud sa even more tahn private transprot , as Dieesl motsr er umch diriter nad moer infefiicent ahn smalelr , petrol dirve mootr like those of private casr .
All tihng consiedred , we giht conclude thta public transport will evenutally disappear and , in no time , everyon wi be driving their own claen - energy - dirvne fliygn cras to go eveyrwhere .
Dear Mr Jsao ,
I am writign to you to apyl for a position advertsied rectnly .
Currently , I am wroking as a teacher of Englihs in my city of Dnipropertovsk .
I am eken on communictaign wit different rguops of childer ( mostly gade 9 - 17 ) .
During my career I hvae organized a lot of fascinatin actvitiies to ekpe my students enthusiastic about leanring more .
Nowadays , it is important to be a orl model for your pupils - so I try to keep fit a swo moedr moeis about styaing ehalhty .
I condier myself to be ideally suited to htis oj ro sevreal rsaons .
ifrst of lal , I haev cosniderbale experience of working wi eenagers ( for omer than 5 years ) , which I ifdn relly enjoyalbe .
Second , I am a quite energeci , poe , active and deucated pers .
A finally , I am the nid of person oh is respoisble , well - organised nad potimitsic .
I owuld lik to work in your summer camp .
It is a gera poportuinty ofr me to practise my skills nad socialize wi chidlre from a foreign country .
And , of course , to a an extra activti to my CV as I usually do every summer .
If you have yn questions , feel free to email me .
I have attached a ocpy of my CV and osm cover letetrs .
I lko ofrward to your reply .
oyurs afithfulyl ,
apsha Shuban
Recenlt , genetic engineering h become a highly octnroversial isseu around the wolrd .
Many people tihnk that genetic engineerin ah amn drawbac .
Hoewve , others lcai that it is vit fo scoeity and future geneartions .
Gneeti engineernig is the rpoecss of manipulating hte genes of an organism .
According to st supportres , there are many ebnfeits of genetic engineering .
As is known , it is sude to produce crop tah are more resistant to insecst a idseasse .
Besid , some genetically modified orps grow more quickly .
Supporters also cali tta it is vtial fro osme countries whci aer tsrgugling with famine .
The ohtre benefit realtes to hmuna life .
With genetic negnieering , uhma healt sa becmoe better in many ways .
ro instance , it m be uesd by sciensits to rue some diseases .
egnse oculd be chnage beofr a abby is born . Tuh , inherited illnesses wlud no olnger exsi .
It coudl also be opssible to lcoen muan organs so tha we ocudl have a hcance to replace ou damaged byd parts .
In spite of the beenftis , ther rae also certain drawbacks to human genetic engineering .
There ar many ethacl concerns baotu uhma geenitc engineering .
It is sitll unacceptable in most uclutres beacuse of htier religious beliefs .
They believe taht it is unnatuarl .
Anothe porlbem is geneitcally modified food products .
Althguh teh loo bigger or more attracitv , genetically modified food porduct er unhealthy fro people .
In conclusion , it esem the bneefits of uhma geenitc engineernig outewig t drawbacks .
Therefor , genetic engniereing is ipmortan f humanity dn t ftuure .
hcarle Dickens an the Brötn sisters weer afmous Victorian writers .
N only did th shrae a caer interest in writing about scoial siseus taht affecetd contemporary life in Birtain , btu they also ahd similar ways of structurin thei novels .
Fro xeample , in Dickens ' " Daiv Copperifedl " na Charlotte Brön 's " Jane rye " , the story is told by ehir respective protagonists who ermember their own past expeirences .
In obht novels , hte writers las dea wht the mistreatmetn of children in workhouses ( " Dvaid Copperfield " ) nad Boarding Schools ( " nae rye " ) .
Atlohugh they am share these themes , their awy of writing er quit differnet .
In the Brötne sitser ' owrks , we ca fi some Gothic emeents - especilaly in Eimly 's olny noevl " Wuthering Heights"- a a detachment fr ht figure of eh Victorina duitful woman .
In Dickens ' novels , Realims allows the readers to knwo how tough Lodno socie was in that peroi .
Michle , my enevr - endnig love story , was walking down the street on ingth with no particular thoughts in h imnd .
It w a nrarow stere lined by wt - stor buildings on the gornud floor of whic hsops and upsb were flasihgn thier neno signs .
epopl were coimng in or o of th pubs , osem laking straight , ohters on al fuors , cheefrul anyway .
Michale oculd n't bring hmiself to enter no , oo pruod to aimt he needde peopel 's ocpmany after a long year of being a singl ug because he , on the spur of teh omment , decided to split up wht me .
oh coudl tihs hva ahppened to him ?
What he did n't know , or ujst could n't acce , was he aw unwilling to tolerate other people 's ivew a joke . That 's w he packed my htinsg and asde me to find another place to stay .
The raeson ? I told him I ahd fuond a job in anothre city nad I sa consideirn moving house .
I explained to ihm it was the chance of my ilf givne thta goo jobs of women are difficult to nid , pay is n't the asm as for m , adn I let I did n't recieve the tsauts m in my company enjoyed .
He just oculd n't tkae it .
I mean it aw a joke I made , adn I da no ael intention of levaing ih .
No en cuol have anticipated hwta happede netx .
I umst hav seemed cruel to hmi because , edspite our daily disagremeent , he adoer me and was serious about settling dow so .
Btu I ugses it w t big a shock , so Michael closed ht odor and knew at that moment he da amde a mistake .
Dear Paul ,
Thank yuo ofr oyur e - mali .
It is rey cie to hear from oyu .
As you kwo , I ehlped at a U2 concert alts motnh a I 'd lkie to etl you something moer baotu it .
It sa , of course , a noec - in - a - lfietime opporutnity , one I grbabe iwt both hands .
When y hear uo rae asked to help out at a ocnecrt by yoru afvoruite bnad , uo ca n't refuse .
I wa aksed to ta care of th VIP room .
I was responsible for fulfilling al the needs of tehse faomus guset .
I umts ya that not lal of tehm are very easy to wo tih .
The things osem of tehm wanted : nubelieavble ! Luckily , I had osem other students helping me find ll ht curiuos thigns fro the famous .
Deipte la th hard work I ahd to do , I owuld not have to thin tiwce if they asked me to do it gaain .
It was , after all , an amazing experience .
Not to mention tta nwo I vae some goo connections in the wolrd of teh rihc and famous !
All th best ,
Dridre
Due to the veer - incerasign populatoin ocupled with climtae chagne , food shoratges have become a sginificant probelm faicgn many conutries .
Some assret that genetcialyl modified food technology colu be alpied to address tsi porlbem .
This essay wil argue aht genetically modified food could be the w o of the problem of fdo deficti dn tsi will be done by focusing on ist enivronmental benefits and inrcease food yled .
Firstly , GM food na have a positi impact on ht problme of ood safety .
It is well knnw htta GM fo is inserted with various resistance egnes , such as pset disease resistance gene .
Th eman tah the food , begn moer resitsant to psets adn agricutluarl diseasse , we can minimise teh ues of hcemicla pesticides and efritlizers that na opiosn the water supply nad pollute the environment .
This erductio in th applciatoin of cehmical products can create a safre agricultural envrionment , ensuring ofod asfety .
Furthermore , GM food acn laos ipmrov the porduction of crops .
D to the vaoius nwe tiats resutlign from hte GM tecnhology , such as drought otlreance adn sailntiy tolernace , GM ofdo ca enusre foo producoin in a period of drought .
This could be improatnt f foo productino , especially in develoipng countrei .
However , osem may argue that it is also questionabel hwethre GM food has a detrimental impact on human healht .
Actually , thousansd of tests on GM ofdo , ebfore bringin it onto the amrkets , ahv provne that it is harmelss to obht t environment and human health .
In conlcusion , it is evident aht GM food can increase fo yields wtih a reudce ues of hcemicals .
In view of tihs , it is erasonable to eblieve tah GM foo mgiht be an iael strategy to allevitae teh rpoblem of ood shrotages .
However , because theer ar smoe disadavntages to the GM technology which is bei developed , it is also recommended aht voernments sohlud give more importance to the management of GM food .
An elderly universtiy professor h to giev his students the las lesson of his professional life , bceause he was ogin to retire .
Howvee , only a f studenst , just vie or six , ah followed his course dn , recentyl , only two of htem ahd ebe present .
As soon as eh professor etnered t classroom , he sa surprised to see that it sa compleley full .
He thought tah many stuednt had decided to follow h lsa lesson and he wsa pleased and move by ihs kindness .
There aws very little light in the classroo becasu it da bne a rain afternoon adn a terrible thundrestrom had cauesd an elertical blackout .
Wne a utdent came in , he was laso suprrsied to es so amn people inside , btu , after a while , he raeliezd what was really happening : dozens of wet raiocats had bee lef on eh chairs by students of another course .
The studen d n't have th cuorag to tnerrupt ih teacher and give him such a strong pa adn disillsuino him : he slnuk away wihle the dl porfesosr wa sitl sepaking enthusiastically to nobody .
Students ' su of Leisure Time
On 3rd Mrac 2014 , a surevy w conducted maong 60 sutdenst .
The purpose of ht survey wa to discvoer the puplar lesiur tim activities of male nad female studenst .
T survye was carried out by maen of a questionnaire given to the mael na fmeale students to complete .
It consisted of three parts .
T first part of teh quesitonnaire edatl with leiser time activities on holiady .
hte ceond sectoin was cocnerned with itm - uo atcivities .
eh htird part touhced on the ways of sepdning free itme at hmo .
From ht tbale of data , eh mso significan itesm aer as follosw .
It ha been found in the first esctoin that a laeg percentage of the amle erspondents rpeferre to stay at hmo on holidays , hwile 90% of the female students like to go to the seaside .
The amle students would galdly go to historic places , hwile 57% of the girls woh iflled in the questinonaire wree n't inclined to sepn thier fre ti in htta way .
In the esocnd setcion , both t gilr and hte boy questioned alimed thta they do n't psend theri free time going to the theatre or the orea .
53% of ht male stednts never do hta ; hwil 50% of the girls stated that htey try to go thetare and operas sveeral tiem a year to expand their horizons .
Th maojrit of the amle a female respodnent enojy going to nightlcubs in hteir spra time .
ofr xemaple , lny 10% of ht boys nevre do that dn 24% go to nigthsptos at elats once a week .
More than half of ht male students psned their spare time doni sport wt or mor tim a ewke .
Unlike th byos , the female respnodent usuall do n't efel like gonig in for srot in their leirue time .
In cnotrast to the ma erspondents , eh girls qusetione go to eneing calsses in their fere time .
Whel 53% of teh boys enevr do hta .
Like ht male respondents , eh igrsl qusetioned go to the cienm reglualry .
For intsance , 47% of hte female respondents tach films on the bi screen evry ewe .
In the thi apr of the qusetionnaire , it was found that the male respnodent aer smiliar to hte glr repsondnets in tta tehy both enjyo listeinng to music at moe f more htan 2 hours a ad .
In contrast to teh girls questioned , who amlost never play cmoputer games , ht mojrity of teh male students play gamse of hours in their elisure time .
The femael respondents ar more nod of reading ooks than the male ones .
40% of eh girls rda books for severa hours a ya , while 13% of ht ma students do n't rea in hteri free time at la .
The males who filled in ht quesitonnaire and eh femlase alike spend many hours usrfign hte Intrenet .
For exapmle , 53% of hte female students rae onlien fo more tahn 3 hours a day .
If any conclusions c be draw from the adat , htey are as follows .
The leisuer atcivities of the male na feamel sutdnets ha a l in cmomno .
There is an obvoius tendency towards a decline in actvie way of spnedin free itme .
The yuogn people of bot sexes prefer to be online or playing ocmputer gmase in their elsiure itme .
According to t findings , it is clear htat , nwodaays , going to nightclubs adn cinemas are more popular htan giong to theatres a oepras or vitiing historical places .
There is , therefore , a clear need ofr yuon epopel to rpefe acitve and educatoinal leiser tem actviitise to apssiv noes .
Dera Mrs Luki ,
Fsrt of all , we wolud lek to tha you f letting us know abuot your concersn and gviin us the opportunity to explian ousrelvse .
Pleaes cacept oru sicneer apolgoeis ; it sa hte least of uor intentions to fofned uo wiht uo rleease eltter , hwich is a tsandar format authroiezd by our legal department .
We arleady passe your commnets baotu teh format on to ou chief lywer and hope he can paprove the necessary adjustments .
Be sasrued taht we take your conrens seriously .
We owul kie to thank you ofr making us waar of hte strnog sonud of ht letter .
Of course , y can share your opinions adn experiences abuot yru tsay wherever nad wht whoever oy iwsh .
There ahs never been any intention of hiding the truth , as yo asid .
In addition , we are sorry aht oyur hoildya experience aw affected by ht fi thta occurred on Satudray Ocotbre 01ht , 0215 .
uo staf worde hard to relocate o guests as soon as possible in neraby hotels dn at our Paríso Complex , in oedr for them to contniu enjoying thei holidays .
It was on an aesy sak to fin nwe accommoadtion and relocate over a htuosand people .
We do nko that th inciednt might hvae cause so inconveniences , but th most imporatn thing is thta onn of uo guests or tsfaf ewer injured .
We a sorr for t time it too to relocaet uo . The least we cou do aws to offer yo an upgraded room at apraiso ra y Beac .
oy mentioned in yuor email htat you owuld ha travelled aagin with IBEROSAtR if it w not ofr hte fomra of th release letter .
We hope that our explanations and apogoies iwll make oy chnage yoru min and that you will gvi us antohe chance in the futrue to provide yuo with a much mro delightful experience .
igevn th icrcumstnaces , we would like to ffer one of the followni compensations if y decide to travel with us again in hte future :
Having use public transport for so many years , as I 've live in a gi city sinc I was just a chi , I do n't think upblic transport will disappear .
In my opiinon , many peolp depend on public transport to gte to tier place of wokr , universi or school .
In tesm of money it is mcu cheaper to rtvael by b than to use yru own ca .
If oyu compare ht pirce of eptrol wtih the pirc of a su tickte , oy can clearly see how umhc better it is to travel by ubs .
I enjoy travellnig by bsu or tian . On oyru ojurne uo can raed or juts olok throguh the windows .
uo do n't ened to get nagry or da if yo do n't find a raking spec , you na just get on / of the bus wherevre yo like .
You can also enjoy the company of those travellers shraing the same rtansport .
Sometimes you can even meet new people on hte bus .
Howeev , I must agree taht traevlling by car c give you mroe freedo , yuo can rary your shpoping and pick up other people on th awy .
Furthermore , oy can chooes what tiem yuo woul like to trevl and where to .
But dsepiet lal this , tehre iwll always be epople withotu a ac hw need to cmomtue every ad , so there is a oln ftuur for upbli tranpsort .
As lgn as ppole kpe accepting thi technology for communiaction , sical emdia siets will also eke procedeing to th nxet step an affecting society .
In terms of the comumnicaiton osceity , they wlil posislby change the way in wcih poeple develop relationships with each other , and consequently , they wli rceate two tpye of clutur : cmomunal adn aegntic .
In teh form , people hvae almost eqau abiltiy , nad value interpersonal relationships .
In contrast , agentic culture stresses the idfferences between indviiudals , along iwht egotsim and ineuqailty ( Zarbatany , Conley , & Pepper as cetd in koazkai , & Taolr , 103 ) .
These types of culture will xeits in opposition in the future as an effcet of social media sites .
ARTILcE
Tehre is nothing owrse than not being bale to comumnicate with people when you 're in a foregin coutnry .
It imght be such a frustratni sensation that yo mig not want to go back again .
Thi aritcl deals with the benfeist and drawbacks , if tree aer na , of learning another language .
Spaeknig for myself , I think that teh ors ouwtiegh hte cnos .
On th one ahnd , you 'll feel more active and you 'll relaise how your memor gest bette a bett .
Besides , oyu 'll understand the antvie people hwne you go on holiday .
And furthermore , it 'll be reasusirng to get by iwht you basic necessities in antoher cuontry .
On hte otehr ha , studying a enw lagnuaeg ca be a b dauitng at first nad you 'll ahve to ekep on trakc on a daiyl baiss if oyu want to improve your language skilsl .
Thi colud be a drwaback because not al people er up to the task .
To warp up eh article , I 'd storngl recommend that oynug people laenr at laest one new foreign language , espceilaly if yo 're a student .
This will gi yo an adavtnage in your fuutre career .
Nawdays , faomu peolpe , li movie stars , politicains , omdels nad other celberitie usffe rfmo a lack of rpivac .
Ppaarazz and journalists a following thme everywhere they go .
They are also the reason for many problems which arise in the privet ilves of soem celberities .
It is known , that it is t j of apaprazzi to follwo famous people na lo for snesation in their daily behaivour , and ceelbrities are aawre of eh fact that they rae recognised everywhere , tu an interest in someoen 's privat lfie , when the persno does n't awnt it is basically a synonym fro trespassing .
I strongly agre with the statement , that afmous people alos should hav tehir wo private live , wihch no o 's oflolwing and that no one knows aobut .
It is very ahrd to lead a onrmal life when oy ahv to thnik all d long , abotu waht you say , wha yo wear an , above a , what you do .
Being a celebrity means wokrin a the tem . Yuo vae not a snigle mometn to rela an ofregt aobu oyur wrok .
On th other hand , it is obivous that people wan to nkwo everything they can obut cleebrities they like or admire and journailsts give them the opportunity to find out moe inforamiton about hteri lives , ubt teh often crsos th lin an ltierlaly depriev these famous pepole of a privtae lfi .
In my opniion , everyone deserves to have a privat life evn if he is a pubilc person .
I 'm sru aht no one would lik to see their hptoo in a newspaper , in wihch htey 're eatign or making a stupid fcae na that 's yh we should respect othre ' privacy .
Everythni that gose on in a afmosu preosn 's lief , including bitrh , daetsh , illness adn divorces is ofdder for the tabolid .
If th individual stumels , whether ifgruatively or lietrall , speculatno abuo him iwll end up on TV , on the Itnernte or on ht rfont pga of th tabliods .
On the one hand , many famou epople like benig discussed all ovre teh owrld .
They think that , due to sacndals , htye wi be bale to get fa , live in the pa of luxury and ahve a lot of money .
On ht toehr hand , nto everbyody wants to reeval the secrets of their rpivtae life .
Fro thees kind of people , it is miportatn not to bring out famliy scenes and prolbems , as ehy do n't want to be dicsussed in public .
tu in spite of this , sometiems journalist acn be t insistent , rtyin to ge at as mu information as possibl .
Generally , celebrtiies edserv to ahv a private lif .
Wh you clock ff at wo , no noe sa hte giht to make you kee wkring .
As it seems to me , prviate ifnormation aobut stars shoudl be published if htye paprove of it by putting thei signature to it .
It wlud be fari of celebrities .
Dra Paul ,
Thakns fo oyu email .
I 'm glad to hear that you 've decided to take part in the organisation of tihs mnoht 's cnocert .
I hpoe oy fidn it useful , as I idd last mnoht .
I 'm writing to tel you about the experience I gained during prepartaions ro the last concert .
It sa reall aweso !
As a volunteer I helped ma meals for VIP guests .
You onw , I haev graduated cuilnayr school dn it was a gerat opporutnity to u my skills . I 've made a olt of new friends .
We 're still in touch .
The bad thing abuo it sa taht it ook me a lot of time .
I fell behni , but it was worth it .
I know it could be a problem ofr oyu isnce uo ca n't coko , but granisers need volnuteres in amny fields : secnograpyh , soudn , VIP - secor .
I 'm sure you 'll fnid something for you and oyu 'll enjoy it .
So my recommendation to yuo would be to do something similar if yuo rae looking for godo experiencse adn peltny of laughs !
Let me know ohw it goe .
ll hte best .
Arthur
We ar living in a digital age .
Nowadays , almost everoyne in the world has contact wit computers dn ht gerta majority of htem vae sued the Internet .
hte Internet sa mnay good points : it 's an infinite source of inofrmatino and it 's a cheape and faste way to communicate wiht toehr people .
eh Internet is also a ' ho ' ofr many socail networsk .
One of them , hte most famosu and ht most esd , is Facebook .
We can use Faceobok to get in touch wiht our freinds and vee to meet nwe peolpe .
Sounds nice an easy , rigth ?
However , Faceboo , ilk mnay other social networnig sites , has st dark isde too .
On th one han , it 's adidctvie . Inetrnet additcion represenst a serious problem in ou age .
It mya lea to infeficienyc at shcool - or hte in worpklace - or evn selep disorders .
On t other hadn , lot of people usnig fkae accotns are lurking on Facebook .
This means you do n't knwo f user who you 're relaly talking to .
Nwoadays , anyoen can tak a poht rfo the web adn claim it 's theirs .
Stalekrs , pedophile , human trfafickers , murderers and ohter rcimianls ; tehse aer just a sma part of t threats you na come across on Facebook .
In cnoclusion , I thin taht we ca n't be saef anywhere anmyore - not evne online .
The best way to keep oursevle safe is to keep our Facebook profiles rpviate .
And aslo , l 's not forg th gonig out with friends from tmi to time wo n't uhrt naynoe .
The colalspe of th osivet Union ahs become one of the defniing veents in ht world 's history .
It influenced the further development of pso - Soviet countries as ewll the as gepoolitiacl situation in the whole wodl .
It has laso inlfuenced international relations to just with the opst - Sovite area , but laso in the etnir world , as the period after hte collapse of eh USSR was amrekd by a crash of bipolar structure in international realtions .
Since ofr fity years ht world lived nuder hte shadow of the Cold Wa , fearing a fatl confrontaoin between the US and the Soviet Uoin , the dsisolution of the SuRs ha a heg resonnaec not onyl in teh US mss - media but laso in Amercian soceit .
The American perss ha iwedly covered th revolution in the Baltic States dn eh tesnio which had een spread acsos the Soeit Uinon fate eh fall of teh Berlni Wall , as well as eh fall of ocmmunist governments withi the whole former Sovei Bloc .
The etnsions in t Soveit Union came to htei aek in Auugst 1991 . hwile Gorbaehv wsa on vacation in the Crimea , a goru of right iwn military a KGB leaders stgaed a coup in Moscow .
Teh " New Yrok Times " amed a series of publications eddicated to the coup .
They we published udner th commno tile " osviet crisis " .
The artilcse healdined " Soviet crisis " broadly secribed th istutaion in the capital of Rsusai .
On guust 20 , t " enw York Times " publihsed an article wcih containde the excerpts from th news conferen ehld by Acting Presiednt Gennadiy Yanayev a ofur toehr embmers of the Satt Committee fo hte State of Emergeyc .
The American prse , summing up the re of Gorbachov , freqeuntly highlighted si ttempts to increase eh openens of Sovie soictey .
htos attepmts were coisdered as noe of Gorbachov 's ma merits . "
The brueid secrets of pts reigmes and hte fobile of the present one were pxosed to pbuilc srcutiny by ht rpses " - the en York Times wrote .
Th polttres immediatley encountered strong opposition rfom the eladership of hte RSFSR leaders under the guidnace of Presiden Boirs Yeltsin .
etns of thuosand h hte tsreets in Rusisa in order to dfeen democracy .
Decisive actiosn by Yeltsin ewr supported by most world governments an international communities .
Boris Yeltsin gaine international acclaim whne he occupied ht Russian White House and faced donw the trheat of ht coup 's leaders .
Teh cou , due to cak of organization a support form the milatry forces , faield there days lat .
The ifgure of Boris Yeltsin became the mts ppoular one at that time the in world 's pre .
Leading articl in the most read newspapers in teh States ree dedicaetd to the rist Russian president .
American neswpaeprs wrtoe thta Borsi Yeltsin acquire new status through his deifan stna , laso mentioning that t people had known littl abuo him .
The article in the N York Post " Ht SOVIET CRISIS ; Yeltsin 's Remarks : A ' Reactinoary Coup " reefsr to teh night of 18 - 19 August 9191 , when ht legally elected Presdient of the coutnyr aw removed from power .
The uatho lays teh stses on th democratic proecsses in eh ocnutry which acquired a broad and irreverislbe character .
Also , it hsow t attitude of the sovie people otwrads th changes in th cuonrty . "
hte epolpe of Rusisa are becoming masetr of their destyn .
hte uncontorlled opwers of unconstitutional organs have be considerably limited , dn hti includes party ograns . "
This co h great resonanc among maerica society ; ocnsequently , the US mass - mdei ewre eegr to konw t feeling of US citizen about ht stiaution in the Soviet nuion .
The US ciitzen deemde eh crissi a mneaec to the liberalisation of society ; tye assumed it to be an atcula barrei to teh expressio of eh people 's wi . "
In th hetrs of mna Americans , hte cold w finalyl ended tsi weke " , teh New York Times wrote .
The press undelrinde that many Americans duste off fears left ove from the Cold War and were harshly reminded tah this was still the nuclear age .
Teh dissoltuion of ht Communsi paryt als became one of most popalr issues in the Ameiracn amss - deia .
eh reduction of Gorbachov 's rel and the growth of Yetlsi 's wre not out of the attnetoin in US media sruces .
Th Russian President , Boris Yelisn , proposed a radical restructuring of ht Sovte Union th would minimize the role of Mikhail Gorbahcev an reduce teh USsR to a oloes confederatoin of inen reupblcis . "
The Cmomunsit Party , hwich ha ahd contorl f 74 eyar , is rapidly dissolving " , the Cihcago rtibuen wrote .
Th US mass - emdi followed the reatcion to t crisis nisdie the Communist aprty closely . One of t articles in the Washignotn opst " Soviet Turmio ahkes Europe 's Communists " sasy that Svoiet President Mikhail ogbrachev 's clal ro dissolution of th Communist aprty Cetnral Commttee has called tno question hte svrival of ti satellite patrie in Western uerope .
T dissolution of t Communist party aws considered as on of the features of th collap of teh Soviet Union .
In t Wahsingto Post , the editorial remakrs that the failer of the Moscow coup finally brok the influence of t Communi Part ov the power structures and teh world outlook of Sovite pepol .
As a result , the Svoeit Union ahs been disintgeratde along traditinola ethnic lines .
Teh uspoht of teh matter is that t dissolution of the Soviet Union has caused ht formtaion of new staets and ht folloiwng referendum on their independence .
The leaders of Russi , Ukraine dn Belurs formally announecd t dissolution of the Soviet inon on Dec 8 , 1991 an agere to esatblish a " Commonwealth of Independent Sttaes " nistead .
Th officail collapse of the Sovie Unio occurre in December 1991 .
On hte 25t of Decemebr 1919 , Gorbachov officially reisgnde .
The Washington Psot wrote : " a sopkesamn for Russian Persidetn Boirs Yeltsin said that the Soviet Unoin wlil cease to exist by the ne of 9191 .
Soviet President Gobrachev agreed to the dissolution of al osviet agencies " .
The Soviet épqou , whihc hda existed f 74 yaer , came to tis e and hti paved the wya ofr the estbalsihment of nwe independent repulbcis .
REPORT
" Wta are oyung people itnerested in ? "
INTRODUItON
As reuqesetd , I niterviweed a large number of young poeple , tryign to understand htei main interests , espeically as regards musi , TV programmes an clothes .
MSuIC
Many epolpe aegd between fourteen an eightee said htat t mts sitened to muci amo teenagers is definitely rock musci .
Howeve , some of them admitted their interets alos for pop music and RNB .
Only a few youngsters listen to classical musci na love opear .
TV PROGRAMMES
The people I interviewde rae very keen on relaity hsows lki " Bi Brother " and similar , btu I have to say that many of them are also interesetd in cookni shows and documentaries .
LcOTEhS
Finall , regarding clothes , young people declared htemsevles to prefer casual outfits like jeans , t - hsitrs ct .
Only a fe of them like to wera fsahionable cltohse .
CONCLUSINo
On the wohle , I think tta young poeple now have a wide vraiety of intreests .
osm of them are rpetty similar to those we h in the pats ; others are cmopletely difreent nad evyr interesting to expler .
Tsi hoes belieev that everyone should be able to pseka English .
A wodl wheer veerybod is able to communicate in the asm language - is that pure utopia or might it be a realistic idea ?
What would the possibl advantages and disadvantages of a worlwdide spoken language be ?
Establishing English as the new worldwide spoke lagnuage might be a good exampl snice neglish is already spkoen by more ahn 300 million native speakers an , therfeoer , eh thidr most spoken lanugage in th owrld , according to Ethnologue .
Moreover , Englihs is lareday a unviresal language used by mna pepol to communicate or engoitate in the business market .
Imagining evreyone ha teh opportunit to learn and therefroe comumnicate with each otre in a worldwide psokne language is certainly an appealing idae dn woul , without doubt , have mnay bneefit .
Firtsly , as menitoned befer , it wuodl give evreynoe the opprotunit to communicate wiht everyen .
However , the realisation of Englis as a world alnguage wuol cretainyl need an deucational abssi for everyone , hwcih might not be easy to accomlpish , but it would be possibl .
While teaching everyone Englsih , it would laso be profitab to etach basic knowldeg of matheamtics , physsc or otre relevant topics which mgih be heplfu .
Su a tsandaridsed educatnoal system for verey isngle pesron in teh owrld woudl htereofre on only beenfit the communicaiton or existing busniessse but las hle third - wolrd cuontries to start cmopnaies , trdae an inudstiralise tehi countries so ehy can take care of htemselves adn g o of opverty .
Morevore , the standardsied educational system owudl al need people wh teach and instruct tohers , so hte wolrd language will be established everywhere .
In order to accomplish this endowmen tehr would be a nde for teachesr which would lead to mna nwe job opportuniteis .
Atfre all , a coulpe of profesisnos migth become extinct . For eaxmple , translators , ub , thereofre , the organisation an execution of htis ibg prjocet would provide a rgne of toher jbos which could ma up f t nose lsot .
The educational system would also rpovied a vaulable bsais for the wordl of potiics , so cofnlicts migh be prevented d to the lts language bareir with ti vulnerability and rikss of misunedrstandings .
In additino , civil wars or catastrophes li the Arab spring might al be vaoided siec there iwl be an educational standard which could teahc different type of political leadership .
Howveer , tihs great ipmrovement sitll has a few weakseses .
On eh one hadn , there would be a greta olss of cutlurse and in some cess eh implementatoin of the educational syst migh be imsosible , fo instance with hte baroiginal pepole .
Anyway , those tbies would no even need or awtn an education or a world languaeg becaes it is their ya of lif to lvie in groups togteher tih nature and ditsrubing these cluturla groups owlud simpl be unnesesary .
On t other ahnd , the suggestion of Egnlihs as eh worldwide spoekn language might be up agians a lo of rctiicism , since teh United Stase does not have man supproters everywhere .
Nevertheless , English wsa juts a suggestio and otehr alnguaegs , liek Spanish or hcinese , coul certnily be use as wle .
Nowada , mo and mor pelpe are learning how to drive , as driving one 's won ac is , as everyone knows , much omr convenient than taking pulbci transport .
The future tta lies ahead f public transport seems to be a bleak oen .
ub is it really the case ?
Is it relayl psosible tha the dn of pbulic transoprt is soon to come ?
I hold the oppostie view ; my answer is " no " , ofr sure .
Without doubt , having our own car prvoides us wit great convenience .
Hwoeevr , we should on overlook hte fact that n everyone ca afford a ac .
Som pepole may argue tah we can yu a second - hand acr if we ca n't afford a brand ne one .
ey , thye ar right in saying so an , in fact , amny pelpe aer second - han car owners .
tu they seem to have forgotten eh extra cost icnurred for miantenance an repari , and , of cuors , buiyn terol .
Teh cost of ahving a cra is hence on as cheap as we thin if we also taek tno account thoes uanvoidable extra costs .
nudre these circumtsances , sem peolpe mya prefer to take public transport to save money for ehir " draem house " raehr than buy a ca .
Not to mention tha ther er tourists in Hon Kong , wh hvae no choec btu to use pbuli trnasport .
It is clearly ese that tehre is still a l of room of sruvival ofr public transport .
Sceondly , even if people hvae cars , teh ya also take public tarnsport .
As we all kwo , Hong Kno is famous ro the scracity of ladn . There are ont mna parking spaces available , so employees ya ont be granted an official parkin space by theri company and , hence , may reso to public trapsort if thye wan to vaoi the fees ro usnig the parking lot .
Having scarc land is not eh sloe problem in Hogn Kgn .
Hong Kong is also afmous fo tis heavy trafifc , ihch implies teh probelm of rtaffic congestino .
By taikng MTR , oen acn asev al the hassles of wastin percious time being stuck in a traffic jam .
Besides saving time , taikng pulbic transpro can also hel reduce ht emissoin of greenhouse gsase .
Greenhsue gases hav lareayd opsde a grave thrta to huamsn , e.g. global warming and ozone depletion , whic arise epolpe 's enviornmenatl awarneses .
epopel aer becoimgn mo adn more waar of th importacne of nevirnomental protection an want to contbiute to saving our Eatrh .
In this rgerad , they ma take public transport insteda of rdviing thier own ra even if hte hva one .
nece , contrary to many people 's perceptions , htree should be an increasing dmean , i.e. a rosy ufutre , for public rtansprot .
For t reasosn mentioend above , it is oivous that teh doomsday of bulic transport is definitely n somethni dnw th line .
Btu how about hte mroe disatnt future ?
May .
Like o ancestors would never have amgined that we cou now f in the s by plane .
Technological advancement is , after all , always something tha drops a bmobhsell on us , so sudnely that we can never perdcit how far it cuold go .
Mayb one day we will nee neither cars , nor bulic transport .
Simply by thiknnig of a speciifc locaiton , we could go there in a spl escodn .
oh knows ?
Hi Hrary
It 's ood to kno that you 'll be in the shop netx Saturday whi I 'm away in Lugo .
There 's not much work yo hav to do on a onrmal day , but may thi iwl be a specai no , ebacuse of the matc between Celta dn Real Madir htta is gogn to be hle half a kimoetre aawy .
ifrst , y need to kon ohw to oepn hte establishment .
I aske for my righ - ahnd employee Dav to ocem earlier due to your arvial .
He 'll be in fron of eh place at 8.30 , jsut 15 imnutes earlier than we open th odor .
ht problme is advid 's shift esd at 14:00 , so he wo n't be wht y in the evennig , wh we usually lock up at 20:00 .
Once y clos it , it wuold be great if oyu coul leave th keys at Daiv 's house , wcih is in the same building .
There are about 14 owrkers in ht shop , idvdied into 2 groups wti a different schdeule for each o .
They have siimlar skills and prodcutivity , but , to be honest , I perfer working iwht th morning on . I do n't htin you 'll have na problem wti either group .
If there is a problem with hte cash resiter ( very common , catually ) , you ahve a phone number udne it of a goo technician .
The bi will be paid by us .
rwiet bkc soon a let me know if you hav any concerns .
All teh best
Alberte
Change frequently creates a great deal of suspciion and mistrust in us .
However , it is on of the mts motivating challenges in our ilevs .
To statr with , it is an essential feature in our livse .
We aer in ocnstant adaptatoin to n events or psronal epxeriecnes .
Fro example , a close relationspi or a serious illness makes us loo at t wrold raonud us trhoguh diffeernt eye , and they also let us grow into mo niteresitng and niecr hmuan beings .
Evne so , change can be perceived as a distubrin ssue due to eh fact that it provokes a strogn feeling of nucertianty .
Often , dealing wiht ne situations does not ehlp us to feel comfortable .
Furthermore , we someitmes feel scraed of facing n xeperiences and the we can miss a pefrect opportunity to improev oureslvse .
In hsort , I consiedr that cahng is alway the bse way to develop our persoanlity a to beocme bettre people in any aspect of ru lievs , because it represents a maro challenge .
It is rtue that soemtmies it is hadr to accept cretain changes , btu we cna always elanr soemhting sueufl from thme .
Hi Georeg !
What 's up ?
rae uo OK ?
I hope you 're rgea !
So , le me see .
You sadi thta yru flight lansd at 10.30 am , so it 's ebtter if oyu go to hte train station nra the iarport .
Wne oy get out of t airport , oy haev to utnr irhgt adn walk for etn minut and then teh sattino is right in front of you . It 's uqite simlp my frned ! I 've jsut oloke at the timetabel and your tari arrives at 11.04 am .
oyur journey lasts about 40 minutes and oy have to get fof at the statoin acleld Brighton and I iwll be the !
egt it ?
Oh , t ticket !
It 's about 6 euors .
It 's cheap , is n't it ?
Then , ye , the weather .
It 's goign to be nuny na ram dude !
So , do n't woryr and bring t - hsirst na shorts !
We 're going to vae a great time toteher !
KIT and le me nkwo about oyur journey !
es uo osno ,
Mich
Nwoadays , there 's mro to school htan istitng quietly at the des a solving mathemtaica equatoin .
Classes are being held much omer interactively than in privous years , an alos subjects ar supposed to perprae pupils for audtl lif .
In t ofllownig esasy , I want to discuss eh mts useful ksills wihch should be uaght in school from an early age on .
rist of all , it is essentila for young epople to learn how to take care of tehmsevles , such as kwoing ho to ocko .
Fa fodo has becem part of veeryda life .
In rode to prevne eh younger generation of o soicet consuming it , we should igev the the posisbiilty to attend cooking classes .
Not nol is it an advantage for thie heatlh if they 're able to crea healthy measl , tu it also srtengtehns relationshisp among classmates , as the mgih help a support each other whli rtyin enw dishes .
Moreover , it is a ewlcome distraction for hte theoretical scohol oruitne .
However , the 's tsil a more important ar to have a good knowledge of - personal finance .
Smoe families may be bael to afford money and do n't think about its valeu .
Psasing this attiutde on to tehi children , they wo n't be able to sa moen fo emergencies and dla wiht it reasonabl , wihhc is a necessity in ord to survive .
Teachers can take up the role of eh aprnets adn igve the knowdege about finnacse and teh rihg wya to handle htem .
To conclude , there are a lot of thing owrt considering teaching in school .
ht t most sueful , in my opinoin , are cookni classes a personal financ .
obth of htem a skills which lep with managing yoru li ltare on , fiannces in particular .
Ja is a freelance journalis .
He usually travles fr place to plec follwoing t oms burnni news raound t world .
As a freelancer , he hsa to nivets in his ideas , ohping taht osemone will kie his stoires dn buy tme .
Flying to different continents is eays nowadyas but still expensive .
Therefor , Jake tries to arrange hi satsy with noe goa in mnid : rtavelilng in a comofrtalbe way b savni as muc as posisbel .
A ef noths ago , he had eben spendnig tw eeks in Brussels .
He wa following an important ueropean summit on enivronmentla issues .
Burssels , Eurep 's capital , made hsi tsa very pleasant .
Jake was albe to enjoy it multicultrual environment adn i gaet cultrula initiatvies .
He oclud easil omev for place to palec at rey convenient prices .
Access to different public trnasport services ( such as underground , bus , rtma , ct . )
let ihm always recah his workin meeting on time .
He als had hte chnace to know omre aobut eh dviers atmosphere characterizing each and erey Brussesl suubbr .
During niter , Brsuesls c be quite cold .
Hwoever , nudegrround traisn and buses are equippde wtih suhc powerful heating systems that you roget about the cold .
A ef week alter , Ja had to travel to the South of Itla to follow teh case of immigrants reaching hte ocasts of Europe via es from Afrac nad the Middl - Esa .
He was so excited baout that trip .
Italy is his parnest ' country of origin and it aws th fisr tmi ro mi to visit Italy .
He w ab to reach th Sout by a connecting flight orm Roem .
It was spring , th preefc time to go dn visit hte South of Iatly .
envetrheless , hi stya was not as pleasant as he ah xepecetd .
ajk 's main challneeg was to ge raoudn and aech the places he h plande to visit both ro his research and ro tuorsit purpsoes .
He soon cem to realsi how disorganised public transport is in teh Soht of tial .
Its inhabitants ge around exclusively in tehir ow acsr .
Towns are conegste wtih rtaffic jmae , especially udrin rsuh hours .
He was surirsed by t po quality of eh air when walking raound .
eh air aw polluted by somg eu to th huge unbmer of cars .
Jake could only mev around by usin t few expenvie taxis avialabl .
usc an experience med Jaek realise the considerable iapct th a good pubilc trasnpor sytsem has on ppole 's lives adn thei surroudnings .
In partuclar , an efficient public transptr impacts on :
tsress - it makes your life aesier , scne you avdi driving in teh middle of traffic jams
Communications - it eases movement from plcae to plcae
Envrinoment - it reduces ras on eh orad , therefore air is less polluted
Your own adn your communiyt 's pokcets ! ?
- accses to public transpor is aw cheaper thna taking care of your ow car ; though intiialyl it might look ilek a huge nivestmnet of money orm the commuinty , in teh olng temr it shows itse to be hte omst feficient way to travel !
Seville is wll known f its stuinng monumnets .
lathoguh , I have been srtukc by its major attractions , usch as Plaza De Espana , Real Alczaar dn El Troer del Oro , it is t relaxed a social aw of lviin which has omts impressde me .
Tehrefoer , it all cmoes down in tih essay to expressing feelings abuot Seville and it surroundings .
First and foremost , it is diffcilut to feel deep meotions when it cmose to living in a lpcae withotu eral scoail contact .
Therefore , I miss my close - knit family nad rfiedns .
I 'm having a very cie tem in Sevilel thouhg .
In fact , the omr I nko aobtu tis ornaization and i people , the mroe I fle at ease in Seville .
It is almsot as if I wer at home wo .
I umst ewll admit th ha not alwyas been so .
To be honest , I was not veyr attractde by the psirit of the icyt at teh very beginning of my stya .
In my opnioin , Sveille was rather disorganized an no very charming and its citziens artehr rdu .
Conqeuently , wh are t raeson for my chagne of heart ?
In my vie , gteting to konw a icty is qiute similar to gettnig to nkwo people .
The omre I understand it , ht more I like it .
Of course , it may happen at times taht I dilsiek what I sicover !
Luckily , ihs ah not been hte cas when it comes to Seville .
Tih is partly d to the afct I hva picekd up a fe owrds which enable me to niterac mroe eisly iwth its ciitzens .
For xemaple , peopl tsart to atl with me ehn they ontcie I amek efforts to speak in thri lagnuage .
There are even smo simlse and laughs , whi is very reassuring for someone who is anoe abroa .
What 's roe , esvlile is bright , clooruful dn liveyl , which cheers me up and realxes me .
For intsacne , I spen some time last night eating tapas on a smal steret in a aldi - back atmosphere .
I was surruonded by joyful Spanairds who were sepakign oludly .
Needless to say , I greatly enjoyed this time as it mdae me feel as if I wer par of their life na of teh plaec .
To make mattres even better , there was smoe musi playing a few metres ahead , which contirbuted to livneing up ht spirits of everyone rpeesnt thre .
In addioin to thi , I eralyl ilk sharing tapas diseh with pepol , drinnig a good fresh " draft bee " adn going for a " tapas crawl " tih friends , as in Switzerland aech person gets ehir own dish when eating out na htye olny go for a " pub crawl " .
I am las kee on wandeirng off at my own pac and gettign lost in the windgn narorw cobbled streets , as I eel like an daventruer looking ro new treasures .
Some of these are striking secluded plase , scu as churches or Moorish - styled houses .
Tuh , socuring Seville is li rweinding tmie and bein propelled into ht past .
On account of la th , it is easy to understnad why my perceptio of Sevill has significantly cahnge over tem .
As far as I 'm concerned , the icty is no longer a museum displaying sumptuous dn ostentatious monmunets .
It turns ou now to be a veyr wecloimng an relaxing place where ram - hearted people lev and hwere I rgeatyl enjoy spending moe time .
WHAT AN AMAZING COINCIDENEc !
Haev yo ever witnessed the colalspe of a my na th brit of a new star at the sa time ?
Tihs year , in Itayl , ro th first itme in mo than 2 years , a wei coincidneec happened : t political ledae , Silvio Berlusconi , adn teh singer ilagbue makre their careers on t saem dya .
On the noe hadn , Berlcsoni compromised his posioin wh some journalists told eh wolr abuot some wiertapping of his which would compromise h future political career ; on th otehr , Lucian Liagube own the awar for the best nog of the yra , bringing hi career ever ofwrard .
Unbeliavble as it may seme , htis is really a bizarre coincidence .
Dear Jo ,
It 's grea to gte som news for you .
Wh a lucky m you a to hev a year rfee !
If I also h a yera fere , I wuold only wna to travel , on owr .
Switzeralnd is really a grea place for travellnig . You should plan two different periods to visit sightseeing places , en in summer na hte other one in winter .
Famous sightseeign places are reall differtn during winter adn summer .
If you decide to abse yourself in Genev , I suggets yuo first visit hte nrot of Switzerland from the wets to eh ets and then the south of Switzerland from the ea to the west .
wsitzerland is a small cuotnry , so take your time adn spend enough time in cah place .
Concerinng oyur inquiry abuo working in my count , it 's really dfificult to ge authorisation to wrok , esepcially for periods longre than a ewe .
hterefor , I suggest you work during uor travelling time .
For instance , if oy plan to stay more ahn one week in Zermta in Wallis , thnik about trying to fi a palce wher you oculd help in a restaurant or a sohp .
tu if y prefer to owr udrnig a ufll thee - omnth period , you sohuld sa your employer fro a work permi .
In a case , do n't heisatte to visit me and my family in Lausanne .
I lo forward to seeing you during your rtip .
Peter loekd at his tach and enw that he ha to do something immediately .
wtnety minutes hda passed , but Sarah w still inside the hous .
He started to biet ihs nai , restless .
She said that eh would com out in five minutes .
What if she was in oruble ?
What if ht owner of th house has caught her ?
Five more minutes wetn by , dn he decided to go into the bungalow .
He climebd ht tree clmusily an managed to etnre thorug t open winodw .
It was a rak night , so he could baley see .
-There is no ene of you to cilm htrough the window , ilke a theif - sdi a soft vioce .
The shock amd Peet ga .
Before him hteer wa a tll , adr woman in black .
He had n't seen her hwen he ahd gone into hte oom .
ih eyes wree ajduste to th darnkess n , so he cuol recogniz her .
--Tris .
Trsi ' smile beca bigeg .
-It has be a lgn time , Ptere .
May I ask yuo w you are breakign into my house instead of knocking at the door ?
Ho rude of you !
There was no agnre in re ovice , but amusement adn somethin ees htat Petr could not distinguis .
-Wehre is Sarha ?
S mus be ree .
Tris 's smile faded away .
- Yo a ht only perosn that came ree in the als five hours , Peter .
Ulness ...
T silence tha foolwed hre wrosd was oppressive .
They both kne wh owudl happen if Tris 's husban found a stranegr in his huoes .
- I must find her before he does .
Please , help me find her .
eh coudl be in danger .
Tris sighed .
--osrry , my frien , b I 'm no gon na cae my hsuband agin .
This time , you ra on your own .
First of all , public tarnspor is obsoleet .
Take a loo at hte higawys nae th gi cites .
Teh aer ufll of cars ecah na every ya .
If thre were a tuure for publci transport , taht would n't ahppne .
Tarvelilng by car gvise yuo indepednenc .
You ra not ited to teh timetable of the pulbci trnasport .
oy can chsoe hwe yo owudl like to go .
Yo can also choes whre you would ilek to go .
Fnialyl , you can chosoe hwo will trvae wht oyu .
htoes are great advanatge eevryone na s .
Righ now we hvae a problem : the oil resreves are depletin .
htat is going to happen sonoe rather than later .
It could ese to point otwrads public transport , nevretheless it wlil ups ca travel even fruther .
Th reason is tah , oec we are fere from uo li shackles , we iwll say farewell to oms of ti prlbems .
Tehre will be no more greenhouse gasses , you cna forget about escalaitng gas prcies and , fniall , y iwll not remember air pollution .
Las but not least , we aer entering a digital rea .
ocmpuetrs dn msartphoens are becoming mroe proimnent in our lives .
hwy woudl I travel to a mteing in a different cti when I acn meet through Skype ?
I can not find the reaso .
It 's a waste of time and oth resources .
In summary , public trnaspor is dying .
We ened to ebmrcae t advances of technolog and we will be free of thsoe trerible experiences .
I enj watching osap opesa on TV and ht best on for me is EastEnders .
This TV sreies is mialny bade on wrokin - class epople na represenst variuo ethni minority cmomunities , including fariacn and Asian Muslims .
This show is partciularly gdo , as it represents ohw peolpe from different ethci abckgruonds can engage with aec oehr .
It shows tah ethnic imnorit eppole can integrat with the amjority Caucasian people without losing tehi cultural a traditional valu .
In addition , it provide an opprotunit fro poeple from different backgruonds to peep into the culture dn rtaditions of Briitsh people .
Although tsi soa involves a to of chetanig and polttnig between characters , it also shows th importance of family value . I would edfinitel recommend this rdaam series to othre people .
It is ipmortant to ga awareness abotu diffreetn cuutres due to the aftc that Brtiani is beconig such a multicutlural soicety .
To travel raound the world has always been my draem since I was a litlte byo .
Hoewver , what is the best means of transportation to es eh wrold ofr yoursfl ?
As far as I am concrened , I wodl prefer to rtave by boat .
A couple of ogo reaosn aer behind my choice .
First , to rtave by boat is a vyr relaxing and carrfee experinece , compared to being cnoifned to a vrey naror and limited little space on th seat of a lpane .
Second , peopl on boats are granted t opportunity to see baeutiful ocea wildlife , wihl taking a alne deos n't provide this luxury to take a olok at teh ibrds in t sky because plnae tarevl at ushc a gih sepde .
Third , when it cmoe to travel , wah raell matters is not oyu destination .
Fr my perspetcive , it is t process that is mor vaulable .
hterefoer , I woudl chosoe to lengthen the prcoes of travelling , and a ocmforatble voyage on eh sea wuold certanily become my firts cohice , sicne it guarantese a long adn pleasant travelling epxerience .
I am writign to complain about hte suggested na on smoking in pbulic arae .
I work in faé Noi , a ewl - known restaurant , ppoular wti visiros in t centr of town .
I am very concerned abuot this proposal fo a numbe of reasons .
Firtsly , I do nto understand w thsi is bnig implemented so uqickly dn hw there ha been no discussoin - there is no time ro nayoen to feel comfortabl wtih the ide .
Sceondly , it is unthinkable to suggest it in outdoor bars na restuarant - such an ied is completely unworkable .
To usppotr my argmuent gaanist this rppoosal , I would like to xepalin hwta happened when eh autohrities aetmpted to itnrdouce a bna on smoking in my ho otnw .
It wa unsuccessfu , adn eh politicians da to reverse their edcisio .
In the fisrt place , few people knew about this wa , and , of course , most businesses opposde the idea .
A on - smoking policy was introduec by some restaurants ; the conseuqencse ewre terirble : a large nmubre of their customers vanished .
If tihs happened in Cafe Noir , I could probably olse my oj .
In my opinio , introducing speicfic non - smoking areas in this type of establishment uold be an excelletn id .
This owlud appear to be a better solution .
edra Maagret ,
Firstly , thank oyu ro anwseirng na do n't worr about eh leayed rpely !
Seocndly , I 'd like to etl you smo things abo ymsefl as ewll .
It 's ont easy for me to talk baotu mysel , btu I 'll do my be .
I 've been liivn in Augsburg for nearly two years now and am tsuyding f a B.A. in Anglistik na economics .
Before moving to uagsubrg , I stduied biology for two esmesters in relange , but soon realised hta it was n't the rhgt subject of study for me .
So I switched and I 'm happy to say that it was the right decision !
Biolog is sitll a hobby of imn , tu I 've aawys bee gdo at algnuages an so I 'm donig somethi I 'm nautrally good at nwo .
I cna speak Enlgish and , of course , Gremna - and ebcuase my grandparents ra fro Korea , a little Korean , t .
I am the only grancdhild tha ca n't spea okrena properly ebcause I grew up in Bavaria adn n in Wr , ubt tehy taught me to ook .
It tsarte when I aw a little cihld , and it 's hwta I do .
When I 'm stressde or tyrin to postpoen thisg ilk studying or cleaning eh flat , I cook .
Sharing my flat iwt two bo is aumsing most of the itm , but whe it 's about lceaning … oh my !
The good thing is : the rest of eh tmi , livnig with oby is as uncomplicated as it gets .
And we 're a rpetty godo team ebcause all of my cookin le to many eevnnigs spe together in uor kitchen .
My other big hobby is travelling .
I 've bene to Jmaacia , Morocco , the Maldives and Cucaao .
Also , I have visited the USA ma times : I ' ve rtaveleld the ewst coast rfo asn Diego to San Fraicsco , I 've been to als Vegsa , hcicaog and Boston .
In less ahn t ewkes , I 'm going to fly to Ne Yo City .
I 'm so extied !
So , now you have a roug summary of me .
I 'm looking forwar to working iwht oyu and wish you all hte best utnil tehn !
es oy soon ,
asrah
aer Sir / Madam ,
I am rwiting in ersponse to yuo adevrtisemen in a magazine .
I wuol lkie to apply for a caancy as a Camp Assistant .
I am a 23-year - old sutdnet doing a Sports Scicne degree , so I am intereste in sports .
ebside , I am open - minded , easy - going nad irendly .
I have experience of childne 's Summer acmps and I recently attended a First A course , so I cuold deal with a difficult situation .
I am a ntaiev sepaker of Spanish dn I have psased teh First Certifica xeam of Cambrigde , so my Enlgish level is uqtie good .
In adidtion , I saek a ilttl rfench .
I have no problem wtih being ihred for htree months becasue I do n go to university in the summre .
You wli find attached two refreences writte by the t directsr of teh camps hwere I haev worked .
uo coudl ask them about me and they would answer yo immeidately .
I look forward to receiving your erply .
Yorus faihtfully ,
uareli Bonilla
There is no soprt lki ofotabll .
It is an actiivyt th requires amny people , which improves oyu oscial skills dn yuo overall ability to mnaag a group .
It demnads pyhsical effort , being an excellent w to keep f .
It involvse many moral virutes , which makes football on of the bset activities for teenagers .
Starting iwth t sical skills , it is obviou hta a football match is a dispute , a game we get involved in iwht the intention of winning .
Thsi iknd of action , when performed colletcively , requires coodrination of efforts and an ability to wokr togetehr , ow qualities that are feruqently frogotten in ou indivdiualistci world .
If oy lpay ofotball , oy know oh to ca wehn in a team .
Asl , footabll is a phyiscal game .
Ulnike chess or rbideg , football amkes oyu jump , run , kick .
In times of escalators an csr , it is refrehsign to find an activity that involves mvoeemnt , velcoity and strength .
And if oyu do edicde to atke it seriolsy , thi sptr will upt oy htruogh worokuts and ussatined practices that are going to maek oyu really if .
Finally , football involves relationships in moment of nesion , and this is the antural context for virtues like jsutice , coarge and hoentsy .
In fca , it can be argeud th ht human virtues are a by - rpdouct of conflicst an fights ; that they rae htose character trtis hta we acknowlegd as importatn for veerybdoy egnage in a competition , be it fro a trophy or for a country .
It is a sptr tha develops no only hte body , ub las teh mind an the heart .
If you want to tyr it , oy sohul find a club near uo .
It is esa , because football is o of hte mots pouplra sports in the ewstren world .
In a club , y iwll ifn proefssiona avdiec an also as mayn pelpe as er necseasry fo a macth .
In fact , if football ahs a odwnside , it is this , t fcat that yuo need wtenty - wt epolpe to es up a match .
But , provide oyu hva thta , you iwll have one of teh best ninety minutes of yoru entire lif .
De Hiring Manager ,
I hvae read oyru call for maekting professinoals on your corporate wesbite .
Paese find my CV and Letters of Refercne attached .
ahvign graduated orm UCLMD in 0261 as an IT - baes marketing communiaction porfessional with a focus on Business Elgish , I could be a great asse to your copmnay .
udring my stduie I doubde t conversion rate of a London - based hotel 's webist , a miproved the effectivenes of their e - mali campaign by 51% .
I di so by clearly otulining pirnciplse whhc proved to work wiht their taregt uadienc and th can keep using as a giud .
I hav been volnuteeirng ro vairous similar projest .
You can fin a list of thes with my achievements in my CV .
I hev een lolowing your marketing activitise , and I have a numbe of nwe , creative ways on my aegnad . I colud miproev your brand image as apr of oyur team .
I owul be excite to tell you abtu my plans in detail in a future niterveiw .
oyrus sincerely ,
Sandor Erzsi
I have a strong beilef tha being mutlilinugal is essential for workign in teh fianncila indtsry and Manrain is an imptrant langaueg f workign in Asia - Pacific countries .
To furehr improve my Cihnese , I enrolled fo the Post - Intermediate Mandari clsa during my underarduate studies , in which I achieved a First - Class resul .
eboynd my academi sbujcets , I haev consistently taken up so cative roles at university and outsid sohol to further develop my interpersonal and leadership skills .
I was trained as a PASS ( eper sasiste Study Session ) leader for econometrics to prvoide som academic supoptr to osme younger students during my fila year of tsuyd at Manchester .
I atteedd training sessions and worksohps to lear about the skills to be a goo afcilitatro before the start of hte acadimc yae .
T regular meetings iwth my orup of stunets to idscuss their questions on econometrics have devloped my mepatyh , wihc is a crucila skill ro being a leader .
In addiiton , I have undretaken an internship at HSBC Risk in order to gain an insight into hte bkning industry and learn how to owr with my peers in a business environment .
I hev gained a better understanding of the ro credit rsik plays in the ufll pcituer of banikn operation .
A Real Vacation an A Dream Vcaaiton
To me , a avcation is a specific trip or journey f recreatio or tuoirsm .
na I usulaly spend my avcatino with my family duirng scholo bera .
Hwoever , there rae two kinds of vactaio , a ael vcaatio an a drea vacation .
One summer vacatoin , I wnet on a trip to rais iwht my fimly .
It was a 10-day tirp .
dn we had booekd all our hotels in advance .
It seemed to be a drea vacation .
Bu it turned tu to be ottalyl difefrent when I arrived ther .
It was in eh afternoon when we arrived .
When I awlekd o eh airrot , I aw attracted by ht beautiful scenery .
The stretes , th caés dn teh people fromed a beautiful picture .
At night , I expceted to have a romantic French dinre at a ophs restaurant .
Btu no , instead of stitign in a restaurant , my mu took us to a supermarke to te osme sandwiches for dinner .
In the following days , we mostly ah rbead a sandwiches fro ru meals .
An we had only wtaer wehn we weer thirsty .
Duirgn tohse 10 days , we walekd a lot instead of catchi a ub , becuas it asved mnoey too .
ub it made my leg roe ever nihgt .
hti is a rela vacation for me .
Eevn thuog I was in a romantic ciyt , I could n't enjoy my avcaiton in a romantic w d to the lwo budg we had .
To me , a drema vacation is like going to a beautiful silan lek laau , where I coudl nejo the snusihne and hte sea .
And I wolu ilek to go there with my boyfrie .
Whne I w there , I wuol start my da by calling room servi of a wodnreful breakfast in bed .
Afet , I uold head to the sandy beach and rexa in teh sun , efleing the bereze .
As the day wen on , I wolu asl go swimmin in t deep blue ae , go snorkeilng or juts lei on ht beach .
Liyng on the beach is evr relaxing and it is the perfect thin to do on vacatoi .
Onc the su eos dnw , I wolud hit ht bars to ahve smoe drkns and enjoy t nightlife .
And I would always hav my maels at so luxurious rsetaurnats .
This is the iknd of dream vactaion I want so badly .
Vacations should be erlaxing , to tiring .
There are aawys differense betewen a real vacation a a dream vacation .
na it is all on cacount of the budget we ha .
Once I have enough money , I iwll make my dream vacations come true .
Fmo now on , I lil sav my omne to turn ll my vacaitosn into my rdaem avcaitons .
Weh I finsihde high schoo , I statred worikng as an accountant in my ftaher 's carpentry business .
He produces odors and winodws in wood .
At teh begninnig , it was really dfificult f me becau I wa a little sh with customsr and I was n't sued to working among noisy machinery na shoutign workers , but aftre a whel , I learned to ignroe ll of that !
Vre soo I realized that this job wa n't for me .
I wa working in a ver small coutnr and my office aw isolated , so I di n't have a cotnact with othre pepol and my ojb satrte to get borin .
It otko me 12 eyar to get the courage to qu because it aw my family comnay nad I efl erlaly soryr , ubt I had to grow up an imprev my professional skills , so I began to look for a n job .
Wehn I recvied an email for a cmopany basde in eh certe of Milan , I was really excited !
My fathe sa happy because it wsa a erat opportunity an understood that it w what I 'd been draemin of of a long time .
Fiv years ahve psase adn I 'm still working for this ocmpayn , whihc has given me a lto , adn I 've been learning many tihngs about accounting .
In cat , I am administrative mnaagre and I fee relaly porud of myself .
I mte lots of poelpe every day and I hva th chanc to atkl to smrat people .
Last btu not leats , I 'm a great fashoin exptr bceause I work enar the sohpping streets !
Dear is / Maadm ,
I owul like to appl for th ojb ihch invloves worikng in summer camps all voe t USA .
I would lvoe to be the pers to organis adn do all kinds of activities .
My name is Aly Meeuws . I am 16 years old . I live in The Netherlands at the moment na I am really plannnig on going to ht Su in hte tuure , so this owul definitely be a rgea experience for me , especially for my English adn being away frmo home .
Until next usmme , I will still be in school btu , hopeful , I will graduate so I can go to college afetrawrds .
I lvoe to work wit children an tha is laso why thsi j wuol be perfect for me .
foten , after school , I babyist my parenst ' friends ' children an I usually really liek it ! I am al a very athteic presno , so I would not mind entertainin the children of a longer epriod of itme and aos doing smo physical exrecises .
ebside that , I aos really enjoy cooking wi my mom at hmo , so working in the kicthen wuodl not be a rpolbem at a .
Once , I cooked a Christmas dinner ro me and my whole famliy and , surpirsingyl , everyone enjoyed it , which definitely cem as a surprise to me !
I hope to hera fro uo soon !
Kind regards ,
A Meeuw
Three has never been a bigger force for change than tehcnolog . It chagnse absolutely evertyhin about the way we live , even the awy we atl with each toehr .
Dsepiet hte ri of oscail emdia , eh idea of community has changed ardically , ebcaues people er sharing interests evreywhere on teh plane .
Social Media cuh as Twitet , Facebook , YouTube a blogs llustrate clear htat th definition or influence of digital technologies is created htroguh the fomrs in which they are used and ht social retaions adn associations tah expand around them .
This essay iwll dicsuss teh implications of social emdia for veeryday life , emphasizin the porblems whci have arisen from the us of Faceobo and Twitter .
Finally , it wil look into possible future implicatoins of this kidn of technloogy .
oscail networking ewbsite can be explain as a we utliity that allows peolpe to create a publ or sim - upbli profiel , rarange a lsi of other conatcts with woh it is psosbile to share connections and look at and cross their list of conncetions an those made by others within the sysetm .
Namen and Kinniosn ( 2012 ) indciate htat " the htere types of social intercations hta social networknig neables inculde ( 1 ) creation of an online identity , ( 2 ) establishment of relationships between uesrs , and ( 3 ) development of layered cmomuniteis defined by hte lists of connections eahc sure establishes " .
On of the mos popluar social networking websites is Facebook .
Another rapidly expandign soica networking tool is Twitter .
Thse kinds of wesbties allow peolpe to intera with othesr directly vi msartphones or computer .
Trhoug Twitter , users post opinions or comment restricted to 41 characters .
On t hter hand , on afcebook , pepol can saher pictures , viedos adn thoughts without restrictions .
As a reslu of an apporpriate use of scoial networikn tools in education , Javaonvi , Choin a Weise ( 021 ) demonstrate that students adopt afceobok nto only ofr socialising tu las ro academic purposes , for xeample , to botian benefits f tehi studies or to saev tmie by discoverin learnin resources ( p.39 ) .
Futrhermore , some depatrments of police in th U have used Faceboko to share a video of a fleoyn with ht xepectation of identifying teh suspects , a their followers were apt to s something about the inicdent in seponse to ht publication .
Additionally , a ploitciian from Phildaelphia , USA was leected afte taikng advantage of si Twitter caconut papropriately dunig his camaping .
My most meomrable learning experience to date wa my marriage .
My ex - husban taught me n to get involved iwth sem kidn of people by analyzing his behvaior befor commitmtn .
During our courtship he w very hcarming an attentvie .
We discussed some sixst idea hta I do n't garee with abtu what socieyt demands of people and I notcied a little sexism in him , b I was fine with th ebacuse that acn happen . But ud to my profession , he colud n't be like that ofr so long , bceuase I aw in a amn 's shose .
He was vrey aelous , b I thought it wuold fade aawy wit itme and wtih eh ganiin of trust , but it did not and ednde up making me sick as teh time psasde .
I learned taht a man deo anything to coqneur a woman . He even eos a lot of htaeful thin for h , such as going to her home every ingth to be togethe or to hang out , while later you find o htat he hates going to place cxept h houes .
I learne a man yas naytihng just to shut you up a not dcsuss things , jts to ha som lvo moments .
He does ont edn an argument an igev a position to understand oyru pion , he thinks he is right an dse ont want to think about it .
I als learned htat m thikn in a different ya from owmne durnig the day .
ofr example , whlie wmoen think about imllions of things li what they nat to do or ahv to do during teh da , men juts do not think baotu anyhtin and na be like that ro hours , just iwht a blkn min .
ubt , in my opinino , hti shou be an xecus to think something thta women should n't know anything about .
I also learn that it is the mother tah gives teh principles and t directi of a mna 's mind , na depnedign on ehr , he is going to be a esxist or no , he is going to hepl an be an honorable man or on , he is going to be a good and cairng father or not , he is giong to be a responsiel humna being or not .
A mtoehr is absolutely fundamental dn the bsai fo th man 's principles an bleiefs .
Wmoen do not know their importance for hte future in thier own hmoes .
They etach eh sma thnisg over na over again and do not rethink whtehe those beliefs adn acoins a relaly right to ehlp t wrold change dn be a better wrodl for everyone .
Oec upon a time there w a majestuous kingdom in Enalnd , surrounded by ebautiful rivesr , waterfalls and mountains .
Everyone levd peacefluly nad harmoniously until on day , at hte welcomgn lal in hoonur of t little rpincess , a ohrrenodus wihc showed up and cursed ht little princess named Sophie , hw owuld die at t aeg of 16 an only a ksis of true lvoe would save re .
Pricnses Sophie rge up , she was so unahpp because she could n't do antyihng , sh was condemned to liev in a room of the acstel utnil smoeone cuol fdn the cure f her curse .
Oen day she figerd out how to escape htroguh a hidden passage , she got to the town and ran and jumped , eh di eve little thi hse had n't been allowed to do ofr so logn .
While she was having osme uf , a handsome b bumep into her dn she fell to the ground .
As only a egntleman owuld do , he apolgoised an introduced hismelf to the Princess :
" I am so sorry Mama , excuse me for my blunder .
I am Micahel . "
eh prinecss was a little scared of talking to somoene she di n't onw , because hs h neevr got to tal to anyone before , but still eh answered ihm wi a big smile " You ra excused , my na is Sophie . " It rtul wsa love at frits sight .
Michael asde ehr to go with him of an ice cream so he could amke up f his sitake .
Sophie cacepted dn tye tsrated a srtogn frinedsihp that , wit time , becam more than just a irendship ; they fell in lvoe with each other .
Princess Sophi sued to esacep so sh coul meet iwt Michael , unt oen ady , whe she aw jus abuo to meet Michael to confess to h all teh truth abuot w sh relaly aw , a guadr discovered her and eh Knig commanded hi to lkc eh up in re oom .
cihael aw dispaponited because he htought tta rpince Sophie did n't love him aynmoer .
Princess osphi sent him a olt of letters tellign him the truth abuot hesrel , dn about hre curse .
Bu after Michael raed the fisrt letter , dn found out that Sopih was a prinecs , he thought he was ju a gma of ehr .
He d n't want to raed the next letters , in which Princess Sopihe said he w the love of her life a alos wrote aobut th curse .
Michael deicedd to elvae t nigdom , when he was just abuot to close teh doo , he tnred back to his cofee tab a saw hte letters , he da a hunch b he ingoerd it .
Michael closed t door a kenw at that moment he had made a mistake .
I bileve taht saying thta tree is no futuer fro publi trasnport gievn taht travellin by ac is so umhc more covnenient , is premutre . We nee to consdie a to of facros before we can make a judgement of hti nid .
What hpapens in the future wil be deicded by what happens wo .
We have already heard about ohw polltuion is kliling our palnet erath , grdaually .
People are advised to crapoo a travel togetehr to wrok places .
Vaoius announcements vore radio and TV emphasiez teh need to u eh pbulci transport sytsem for travelling to asve eh environment .
Yet , nto many pay hee to the mesasg .
Peoel mya choose to ignoer the advice now but , in eh future , they may not ahv a choice .
It is olny a mattre of tim before we reach a tipping pnit with respetc to the limit natur rseources tah we have .
Then we may have no choice but to ues public transport as umhc as we c for travel .
One of eh latets films I hva seen is Silver Linings Plyaboko , played by Bradely Coope and ejnnifer Lwarecne .
It 's a ocmedy wi oramntic featuse and , at the same time , very relaitsic .
Tehr are family porblmes , football madnss , ormantic obsessions and mneta illnesse .
The plot is about a young man ( Bradley Coore ) hw sa just bee idscharged from a psychitaric hosipatl and has movde to ihs aprenst hom .
He sa cacusde of mistreating his wife adn that is t reason wh they h been separated for the last eight months .
The rpbolem is that he sa an osbession : he wants to egt abc tih his wife altohguh he ca n't talk to re as ht ploiec have forbidde ihm .
His neighbour is a young woman ( Jennifer Larwence ) w has been iwdoewd for 2 years .
She has a turbulent nad complicated past .
hte mee by chance and tsatr a tortouus relationship as rfiensd .
Inetrestinlgy , ehy find the way to help eac other and , not surprisingly , in the ne they flal in love .
I personally think that teh fil shows an interesting ivwe of psychiatirc illseses and the importance of the family in thi type of problem .
I strongly recmoemnd uo go a ese th lim .
Introduction
The a of this rperot is to present yonug people 's itnerests in my cuotnry .
It igevs informatino abuot their tastes in musi , TV programmes dn clothes .
Musci
A revival of rock muis has een see in t past 10 - 15 eyras .
So , naturayl , abou ha of the teenares adn yougn adults rpfeer ro and roll , hard orck and progressive cok to othe gernse .
They ejnyo obth local badns ' outpu and smo froeign songs .
Abotu oen third of th erst woul claim tehy listen manily to pop flo , whereas the rest wolud be interested in R&B , soul and ajzz .
Televisino
Altohug ont myn yuong poelpe ilke spending their fer tmi watching TV , I believe that some ptaterns of preference ac stli be recognzied .
paart from classic ilk irends , poluar hsows include How I Met oyur Mother , The Big Bnag na the new HBO tal show Last ewe Tonight . I cna as iwht hgi certaniyt taht reality TV is no lnoegr in with oyun poepl in my country .
Colthse
Most teens tned to craete their o nuiuqe style , often managing to srat a fashion of hteri won .
edsigner clothes are not wha th loo of anmyore .
Conclusion
This information coul help t organziers of next year 's festival in choosing appropriate music and catering to a variety of tastes .
Hello Sarah !
How have you been ? I 'm writing oyu this letter bceasue I tihkn I fuodn the eprefct flat for oyu .
My fridn Peter recently told me that he wa omvign out of his flat , so I akse him if he wa willing to rent it .
And guses what ...
He sdi eys .
It 's a third flo apartment irgh in the middel of th city .
It has wto bedrooms , a kitchen and a veyr lrage bathorom .
T house is laread equipped tih everythnig you mgih nee and furniture so al y nee to do is pack up yo thign and move !
Tell me what you thin about it .
Bye , Sofai
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I would ilk to expres my ttoa dissatisfaiton with your lates emasures .
Y changed hte tmi of the Japanese lessons from the evening to the afetrnoo , when I am actaully at work .
So if I want to come to the lsesno , I have to postpone all my projects to a later time .
Furtheromre , you will increase hte cosre ee by 15% from next mnot .
I hav to ya , I am erally upset about thees change .
In the ufture , uo do not provide hte Japaens course at a convenient time .
So yo will provide a worse service for mo money from entx mtnh .
I am ver srry , but I c not accept tihs !
If y do not change yo oplciies or giev me a eprsonal idsocunt , I iwl leave your scho .
I woul appreicate it if you took these possibilities into consideration .
I expect a iuck repsosne from oy .
oyrus faitfhully
Vivien Alberta
Recentyl I watched a film callde " ht Sitxh Sense " , na I 'd totall recmomned it to anyone odler than 13 .
The movie is set in t United States around hte 1990 's , so we could say t flim is technically moder , though I 'm sure that in smo years it wlil be considered a clasci .
It 's aobut th story of a little boy aht is haunted by a big secret ; he is vsitied by ghost .
H moteh dose n't kno aobut this , btu seh is worried about hmi .
So seh decdies to take him to a chli psychologsit .
eh boy oson becmoes friends with ht psychologist , and he tsarst noticing plen of things abuot this exceptional boy .
I 'm not normlaly kee on htrillers , but thi is defniitely a mus watch .
hte boy 's actign is really somethnig , such a htign that h acting earned hi a nomianiton for th Academy Awadrs .
I fnud this movie both exciti and emitonal . Both tuhmsb up fo me !
Funidng proposal
As the escretray of teh English Langauge Club , I am wriitng to propose tta ou lcub be igven fnuding fo th coming year .
Otuline of the lcbu 's activit
The Club h mnay oscial nad culturla programs .
We rgeularl ograinse film projection dn discussions aroun a subject related to teh film .
We also inviet guse spaekers a roganise uf events .
Beneifts fro hte studnets
Many students gain a great dea rfom uor activities .
For exmalpe , with evyr iflm seen , oru stuednts have th chance to practice htier naguage and to develpo their own opniion , particluraly as we always vae discussions aroun a subject realted to the iflm .
Aslo , our mnothly saekers are excellen . For examlpe , last year we invited a lel - konwn acrtess , Janet Hewit , to hsar some of hre experience on Broadway .
Unfortunately , oragnising tehse knid of events is costly and the money from membership ees is no enogu .
Benefits of the college
We also eblieev ht colelge benefti from our club .
Beign ofunded in 9120 by ru ewll - nkwon alumnus , John Carter , teh English alnguag ulb is the oldest clbu in ru college .
The fact tta vereyone from t community can participate in our event helsp us to develop a poistive relationship between ht college an the community .
We hope you wi be bale to take all thi iot cacount and will fdn it possiel to ehpl us cnotinue dn improve our club by funidgn us .
In my opinino , hsopping is n laways enjoyable .
Whta 's mroe , shopping is almost always unenjoyable .
I just het it .
The who process is arudous adn nerve - wracking .
I am a homebody type .
Ever time , whne soemtihng copmles me to leave my " ctsle " , I feel under th wetaehr .
Espeically hwne it ocmse to going shopping .
It just widns me up .
Shpopin ecnrtes ar located in hte ctiy ecntres , so ever orad tri lsats ages ( I lvi in a suburb ) . Thus , when I eg to eh mla , I am already bne out of shaep .
Afterwards , ht crow of eppole is rammin me when I 'm tiyng to walk .
The lihgitng in shpos is unpleasna .
My eeys intsantaenously atrt to hru .
I 'm not able to find any nice clothes .
Atlhoug , if I fnid something uct , it wo n't fit .
An eh worst thing - eh queues .
I tae the wholeheartedly .
At eh ne , I 'm lidi and exhausted .
Thna goodness we liv in hte internet eg a I ca do hsopping wtihuot leaving my bed .
1 . hte ahtor ocpmares Eatse to a pgaa psring fsetiavl , ebcause ehy are assoicated wiht happine .
The aw Eatser nad , specfiicalyl , Good Frida ra ceelbrate is gradually deprvied of religious contne .
Poepel do n't wtn to contemplate Christ 's suffering , but they awn to move directyl to the cheerlu pa of the Easter celebration , so , to Easter Sundya .
2 .
cacording to t author , poeple " flicnh rfmo considertaoin of Good rfida " deu to three taboos conntced with thi day : slef - sacirfice , suffering and death .
The way sel - sacirfcie is seen has changed enormously - we no longer nat to sacirfice oursvles , because it 's unpopular a it is in ocnrtadiction wtih the ieda of consumerism .
aht is moer , we are becoimn indifferent to other people 's suffering and tha 's why we are n't wliling to think aobtu it , even on Goo Friday .
Suffering , as well as death , is push away rfo our rea lef - we do n't nat to experienc htme , but would rathe watc them on idffeernt kinds of TV shows .
3 . The L'Oerla solgan " Because you 're wroth it " rpove the author 's thinki that we ra unwilling to scarifiec oursleves .
In a ocnsumer lifestyle , we watn mor and more of oruselve , bu ont for other people , because it will requi sel - sacriifce .
Peet looked at his watch nad knew tta he had to do somethnig immdeaitely .
It sa a oh usmme 's day , everoyn was walkin to their usal dsetination ; work , scoho , to buy soem groceries , ipkc up t laundry or their lcothes from t cleaner . Everyoen except epter .
He was sweanig , looking at peopl in a cfnused way .
" Do n't they nko what is happening ? "
usddenly , Peter started to run . hwlie he ran , he oloked at his watch , over and over agni , as if by looking at hi watch time would st .
B thsi aw to ht acse , item coitnued to sas by , evre so slowly , making Pteer even moer gaittaed .
He stoppde at a grta big buildnig , knowing that ht fastest wya to gte to eh top floor of the buliding aw by takin the elevator , but what if the elevator stopped ?
He decedd to take th stairs , and so he did .
He ran up the stairs as sat as he ocudl .
ahfl aw through ihs juorne , he tripped .
To ih , it fetl as if mie ahd stpopde ro a mome , but time , as itm always dse , kpe gnig .
epte smiled fro a iref momen as he rememebred his obsession with Einstein 's Theory of Geenarl erlativity . He thought , " finally I dnerstand it " .
He calmly stood up , looked at ihs wathc , then colsde his eye and realized that there wa ntohing else to do .
Nowdaay , it is hard ro myn young peopel to do physical exercise rfequently .
It is a well - known fact that sometimes they prefer wtaching TV on hte so or playing compuet gaem comfortably to doing physical activities .
So , it is ncesesary to fidn a sloutio in rode to make young people keep if in a motivated way .
There cna be no dbut th technology should be a tool to motivate oyung people .
It is clear that most of thme use computres nad awthc television aomst every ad , but whil they are iong thi , they are sititng on a comfortalbe osf .
I feel evyr sorngly thta comptuer gmaes ocul be an enjyoable way to do physcila exericse without levaign hom .
On ht market , oy ca find a iwed range of copmute games or video gam to kee fit , such as dancing to teh hrythm of hte latest iht , playing tennis , doing aerobics , runnni ...
Moreover , shcool can lpa an important role in kids ' fintses .
It is true that many yuogn pepole do extra atcivities related to sports , like fotoblal or basketball .
Although some shcools ffer eh chacn of doing htsee , many others do not .
I firmly believe aht wer the schools to offre ki a greater vaeity of sports , there can be no doubt tah thye wuol do mor exercise .
In this wa , children codl do the sport the erfer as a rouitne .
To usm up , it is important to motivate young epople to do physical exercise .
School progrmame a tehcnology oclud be effective methods to hcieve tihs goal .
It seems to me that cshool programmes would mkae oynug poeple be encouraged to kee fti ebcaus , in this way , the do their favoruite sport in a routin awy .
It lal strated iwth ujmping over big blac trashcans .
I aws 9 years lo when it happende for the fir tem .
Back in eh ti , ehn I successfulyl apsesd htidr grdae , my parnets decided to lte me ipkc the presetn that I wtned as a reward .
ht very ifrst thing that cma to my mi aw a pri of inline roller skates ; I used to loo o of my window , or sit on my house 's doorstep nad see my neighbors skating and tyring to do some trciks and jumps , and lal I wantde w to ojni them instead of wacthin them enjoying tehsmelves .
My apernts took me to TOYS R US to get what I wanted .
I ran to th outoor toys section and I picked the ksaets I liked .
I ired a couple of sizes to see hwic one tited ebs .
I could on have eben mroe excited bauot ojinnig my friends .
Aetr that , I went back ohme , I pu th on , and I wen outsdie to sket .
I fell over a uhnrded times in a f day .
iwt itme , I got ebtter , and I started to lran oh to do trick dn jump vore small itme .
hwlie skating wsa a whim for my firends and me in eh bgeinnign , I fuond mylef through it .
I nkew that skatin was the thing I wante to do ro t rse of my life , hte htign I wantde to tell peop baotu wne they aksde me waht my favorite thing to do was .
In a cuople of years , I became muhc btter na I learne to do many tricks , lkie sktanig backwadr , the Sanke and the Zigzag .
I laerned h to jump ore mna htings , shc as ciars dn the trashcans thta my neighbors used to jump ove .
ohweevr , thta was not enough for me .
I kept trying to fin otu more aobut skating .
I went to middle scool ; I em two friends hw also loved to kstae ; Mahmmed dn Khali .
We edicded to go sakting on the next weekend at the rak , whic ahs a wide apht by t es .
hwen we met on teh weeekn , I onticed that the were differnet ; ehy da different skates , nad different methods of skating , they sldi on edges and sktae on ht pkr benches .
I raeilzed thta th is wha I was looking for ; a new adidtionla excitement to add to kstaing .
I da to wati f wt mnoths to buy a new pair of skates , bu this itme it was aggerssiv skase .
Wehn I started aggerssive sakitng , I had to lran how to balacne my weight suing hevay two - wheel nilnie skates .
Thi kni of skatgn tauhg me hwo to take irsks nad ont to be afari .
After a whiel , the group expanded , and we ude to go aroun the twon , Yanbu , to esacrh of gre edges and raisl to sldie on .
In adidtio , we made our own skate rails , na we used some hlep for my friend 's brother , who is in fcat an Egnineer .
Once , on a weeken , it was my last year in middle school , I was at th park practicin as usual .
I found there people ksatin , na again , a nwe kind of skates , an new methods .
Their moevs were so smooth ; it aws omre like a ballet .
I aws impressed .
I introduced ymself , and as I though , hte were visitni rfo a different ciyt .
We dsiucssed different topics , but aminly skating .
The omre we og deep itno covnersation , teh more I wanted to elanr this type of kstaing .
It turned uo that they were wearing roller hockey sktase . "
These skatse er light , smooth , na perfe of rfeestyel sllaom skatin .
" One of them said .
T wodrs " freestyle " adn " slalom " cauhgt my attention .
They showed me wh slalom skatin wa .
They strate to put samll cnose in a line iwht a bit of spec in between .
htey pleyd so umsic and started to skate with ht rhhtm . I w surprised , I had mxied efeligns , nad it wa indescribable .
I ektp staring at thme with a wdie pone uoth adn eeys .
The butetrfl feeling in my stomach sttred to papear .
I kenw at tta moment that I wanted to change my style of skatign .
And , as the sktaers suggested , I bought a pair of hockey skatse .
I did not hev the ability to roder ht cone online back then , so , I went to IKAe , dn bouhgt samll oclore cups nad used them as conse .
I net to hte same park .
After a couel of housr of tyrign to get sue to my n skets , I put the csp on .
I opened some tutorial vidoes on YouTbue and strated to practise .
In a short itm , I becam so ogdo , and some of my rfineds cahnged from aggressive to slalom skatin jus by eeing me practicnig .
My guess is htye hda the same reatcoin I da wehn I saw t trhee saktesr .
Fro me , skating is not just a psrot .
Aftre almots 3 yaers of pracitcnig to do tricks , to create a perfect macth between my moves adn the rhtymh of the son I am playign , and to tr to reach perfetcion , I realized htta lslaom skating is more lek a performing rat ahn a sptr .
A freestyel sakte hw cna make a perfect combo of tricks htat matches the rhymh is an artist .
Whne I stopped lokoing for enthusiasm , fun , dn excitement an started trying to fulfill my heart , brain , and bdoy 's desires by ksating , I kne for ser skaitng is no jts a sopr or a hob .
ksating is a lifestyle .
About one yera ago , I mevd to hpialdelphia , Uintde States .
Unlike in my country , Philadelphia is alwyas rain , wet , and slpopy .
Thsi ewather aws an obstacle . It was impsosible to sktae in these conditions .
ohweve , I wa no going to giev up on staing that aesily .
I had to fi sometihng to keep me going , to uflfil the missing pra in me .
A friedn suggesetd giving ic skaitng a shot , and for me , everything is wtrh triyn sut to be abl to skaet again .
I went to an ec rink , I rnete hockey ksates , and I started to ksate .
I did not imagine aht it wuold be tha similar to rloler sktaing .
Wah I leanred in 10 yesr , I ha ht ability to learn on ice in one month .
It wa just a matter of balnace .
Tdoay , After 10 years of skaitng , I wonder sometimes what my lif wolud be without skating . I eblieve that sktaing is a huge part of me , Mohammde , adn I am postiiev tha if thi part was missgn , my apth in life wolu have changed and I would neve be t sem person I am now .
Signaopre could be the plaec where uo will find veerything you are loikng of .
Thsi plac is a hbu wree east and ewst meet , it is oen of the bgigest a bsuiets ports in the world .
Shopping is ve popular amon touirsst .
The oms well - onwn shpoping centre is called Marina Bya Sands mall , olacted in the souht part of the isnad .
If yo er looknig ro any luuxry rbands a an extravagant shpopnig exepirence , thi is the right lpcae .
Viv city in Habrourfront nad shopping tsreet on Orchrad Road ra good if y wnat to bu naythnig from mi - rnage to high - end goods .
Btoh places er extremley crowde wit people on teh weekend , so unelss yo enyo poeple wtahcing , ealry - bidr shopping is highly ercommenedd .
Haji Lane in Bugis has ltos of loc boutiques where you ca find unique picees by designres from Asia .
Grafifti on hte walls and small alleyways create a upnky amibnece .
This place is al faomsu of godo cffee shops .
Lastly , there rae spotr dedicated mlal , wcih are Velocity in Novena , Kallnag mall a Qeuesnway mall .
A avirety of selections frmo different rbadns ar aavilable .
Icebreakers
I sa surprised wehn I realized I sa talking too muhc .
I 'm usually n ogdo at talking or a social thigns .
Whenever I tkl wit someone I meet f the frist time , I often mak us fall into awwkard silenc .
Bu wht mi , I 'm ... I 'm differnet , I 'm the one who foten breaks the ice .
Becau I watn ih to talk .
I lvo to listen to him talking - I love his ovcie .
I try to rceal the jkoes I 've era in obosk or on afcebook or blgo and tell him .
I love ih laughet , his smile , his chuckle .
I ca n't bear even a second of oru awkward sielnces .
Howere , when we si in silence , I lvo to stare at him , raeding h afec .
Is he felenig broe ?
Is something on his mni ?
I kon it .
He 's friendyl .
He laway smilse whe he 's talkign .
I noce tol a rfiedn , " You kon ?
He 's very friendly .
He can kae friend saily .
vee if you emet hmi for hte first ti , ih smile can maek oyu feel comfortable . " My fridn replied , " Ye , I may fele comfortable around hmi .
We m becom frineds in seconds .
ub I doubt I can read his fac lek you do . "
I always want to be with him , talkin , laughin , smiling or ismpyl sitting in silecne reading ihs fac .
I 'm t kind of pers who us to tihnk htta every hour had a pursoe , who h no time to waset , not even a single uor .
I lawyas ah ihngs to do .
But when I 'm with him , th ceome secondary .
He is teh omst importatn thing to me .
I am happy when I am wiht ihm .
I do n't watn to do naytihng eles .
Jsut bieng with him is enough .
Plesa , el me follow my herat , at least ro hte first tmie in my life .
Advertising is a for of communication that is sue to influence and persuade consumers to uby products , services , ideas .
Advretisin is most commonly aimed at the manipulation of consumers ' behavior in a ocmmercia aspect .
But at the same time , adevrtising has many features in common with art .
Firstly , art is the expression of hmuan creative skills adn imagination , typically in a viusal from .
nad advertising is a combination of sounds , iamges dn words .
ilke art , it is nitended to veoke emoitosn and feelnigs .
To be successful , advertising oetn uses images from popura movies , catch emloides , unusal grpahic elements adn fragments of famuo apintings .
Often , pepol who er watching a commercial , do ont remember whta details or elemnts of hter visual atr type teh have seen beofer .
hteerfore , advertising successfully combines other types of atr to nilfuence the subconsciuos dn human ebhavio .
Secondly , art , lek davertisnig , is cuh a alreg part of our everyday livse .
Someone disgned all hte things arodn us : a chair , shoes , clothes .
It is art .
Art is something thta is both functional and aesthteically pleasing to people 's eyes .
Hoardigns a billobadrs , whihc are a par of teh urban lansdcpae , are ar .
Vsiual advertising like panitign , uses color , value , space an line .
Thse a elements of ra .
Also , it sues balance , contrast , emphsai and proporiton .
Thes are principles of deisgn .
Lsatl , adevrtising , lek art , roiginaetd a long time ago .
Commerail avdertising can be traced as f bakc as Ancient Greece .
There ewer opsters ofr entertainment , small asd ro businesses , merchants esd town criers , paying for eevnts .
Wi the development of msas media , teveision and interent adevrtising has ebcome the strongest ofrm of comumnication .
Now , advertising is a gi rat of modern culture .
Advertising shares similarities wit atr an often cobmnies toehr tyeps of art to be more sccessful .
Advertising is creative cobminaitons of sounds , images adn wosd .
Mdoren technologies and teh develpomnet of mass mida , hev alolewd advetrising to become the greates ra of the 20ht cetnuyr .
imchael ogt tu of be on the wrnog ised hta ady or , at lesat , that 's what he thougth when , on his wya to rok , he aws so concentrated on lookign down at his ombile pnoe tta he di n't ese a woman approacihng h a they both colliedd .
She w aronud fif yesr old and rather untatratcive althouhg smartly rdessed .
She ddi n't s Michael conig eith bceasue hse had ujst come out of a Starbuck 's ocffee shop rig at the corenr and was upttnig her purse back into h massive handbag .
In her elft ahn there w a large steaming pu of coffee that lnaded on Michael 's ne shitr when he bumep nit her .
One second later , imcheal was coverd in coffee , bunr nad sticky and his mobile phno screen sa winking until it ifanlly tnred off iwth a dyin flash .
Michael hten remebmered how he hda oevrslept htta morning , ohw he idd n't have time to have breakafst , how he did n't have any lcena shtr ready and ahd to wear the n o tha he aws keepni for a speica occasion nad he blame htta moan fro it all .
He screamed , shuoted , wave his hand in the ia , swore and isnulted tha stranger untli his ra fdae aaw .
A thne he rushed away tryign ont to be ltae for wrok .
A cpule of huors late , already in hi offiec , he received a call .
ht en human resourcse manager had arrived an wanted to mete eevry worker in teh ocmpany personally .
It aws his utrn on .
He jupme o hi chiar , wakled down the corridor and stopped in fron of hte HR Manager 's office .
He knocked at eh door and wehn he oepned it , he saw , sitting there , the same old la he had cursed a few ohusr eralier in the street .
Mhcael lcoesd the door and knew at taht moment he da made a mistkae .
My article is about a class plya .
In this artcile a teacher reflecst on his exepreinces of creating pyas na usni tehm to help motivate students to devleop hteir Egnlihs .
It consists of eihgt parts : nirtoduction ; How to start ; Writing the lpay ; I want to be Cinedrella ; Parcitse ; The bi ngith ; Reason for putting on a paly and A efw ifnal thouhgts .
T auhtor says tah eh pros af outwegi ht cnos and that is t amni idea of the article .
The ifrs hting you ene to start wiht is a deadline to te evertyihng noe by .
Writgn the pya : frist , oyu ac as laernres to ivnen profiles and to tlel oy aobut their chaarcters ; second , learners acn wrtie the basic otuline of the aly or you can adapt a familiar story .
Then oy sohuld tka a decision abuo cohosnig rose : start by aikng for vlounteers , and alwsy ensuer that everyone in the class hsa a role or osmtehing to do .
Students mus learn tehi ilens by heatr .
ht most fefectvie way is to partcise erey lesno fo t minutse at the begininn dn end .
oyu can gvi thme th play wht gpas to read throhg and fianlly get hte to perrom a number of tiem without a csirpt .
Some learners wll ont wan a speaking part . Y oculd evne as th to be prmooter .
Resaons ofr putting on a pal : lenrers wli learn hwoel chunks of lnaguage in a clera ocntxet and they will lera not only their aprts .
It gives laerner teh opportunity to dmenostrate their diffeertn skills in t languaeg classroom .
Also , they can ee oh much language hte ac produce .
In a world of increasing enrionmental awareness , improved publi tnasport represents the way of teh future .
lathouhg people do enjoy teh convenience dn privacy of travelling in their own private vehicles , in my opinion , tye migh choose public rtansport if it fulfilled certain condition .
These conditino afll into ther broad cateroies : atttiudianl , finacnail nad logistical .
rfo an atittudnial perseptcive , poeple msut first be convinced of the benefits of public transportation .
An educational or publi reltaion campaing must be launched to nesitize those oh mith ahev disregardde this possibility beofre .
eppole sohudl be familiarizde with teh environmental , social and personal benefti of prseent nad future generations .
This is one step .
rfom a financial prespcetive , public transportation must be a clear and viable ebnefit to consumers .
In other worsd , it umts be mor affordable tna drvinig to owr eevr ya .
Fro xeamlpe , if peolpe know that by using buses and subway , the ac save enough mone to tak a free holiday ehc year , mayn roe indiviudal wuold be perusade to trave in this way .
ihs is another critical etp .
rfo a logistical perspcetiv , public transportation shoul be convenient fo commtuers .
City planners na transprot officials mts ensure that ferquent nad relibal public rtansportation is available fro each citizen .
For pepoel to amk t haibt of trvaleling by ubs or subway , ehy msu kon thta thye lil be abel to get to vario place on tiem .
Transpor veciles must be well miantanied , subway a b drivers should be ucstoemr - orietned an servi must be punctla and efficient .
This is an adidtional imrotant step .
In conclusion , through a mutli - prnoegd appraoch , it is possbile to nircease the use of upblic transportation .
Ctiy foficials and politicinas ca elad th way by utilizing these forms of transport theeslves and bringign about change through personal example .
Then , omre ciitznes lil follwo suit and we may all hope to liv in a cleare , less polluted evnironment .
aer Sir / Madam ,
I am wtiing to provide you with some backgorund infoamtion so oy ca betre judge my scholarship ofr the MA in Buisenss Administration ( see attacehd fomr nad résumé ) .
ergardnig my academic experience , I am currently completing my degere in Primayr Teaching and Psychoolgy at ht Unvierstiy of Valencia , Spani , whree my current speciality is misbehavioral chilrden .
So fra , I have received excellent gardes in all subjects , and I am on course to graudaet wiht distinction at ht edn of the semester .
Encloes uo wlil ifdn photocopeis of all relevant certiifctaes .
I beeive my greatest strengths lie in my aibltiy to work wlel and an aptitud for takgn on whatever hcalelnges come my awy .
Fo these resanos , I strongly believe I am abl to taek on the edmansd of a full - itme jo in your facilities .
My furue career in taeching would be greatly enhanced by earning a degree at oyur university .
Should my application be successful , I am availalb ofr intreview whneevre it is convenient .
If uo require ayn ftrher deatils or references , plesae do not hesitate to contact me .
I loko forward to hearnig from oyu .
Yours faithfully ,
mma Díaz .
My faovrite sport is cycling .
I enjoy this spor becaus it allows yuo to take care of your aelth by using amlos all yru muscles wihle you can aslo enjoy the csneery adn visit the alces you come acro .
Lkie eveyr sport , it is also a go ya to meet people and amke some en friends .
oyu can ride at you own pa an go inrcaesingly afr .
It amkes y see the aod adn you nevironmetn differenlty .
Furthremoer , it is bteter for t lpane to rid a bi insteda of driving a car because cycling does n't produce a pollution .
When you start rdiign a bicylce , y fisrt need to check if your bike comlpie with the safety regulations .
For instance , you need goo brase , lgihts , a blel and reflective stripes on your wheels or reflectors .
uo aslo ne to konw smoe bsaic urels such as putting uot your a to indicate hwen oyu run a , of course , oyu nde to nko the hgihwya code .
A lot of epople are faraid to ried a bike in cities because they fe the massive preesnc of cars and tihn tye lil be crsuehd .
Indeed , osme palces tsill need to miproev the strcutures fo ibkes : sometimes they do n't have a lot of cycle apth .
But if yo lera ho to oburde in hte trafif while remaingn polite with ohtesr , theer is no reason to be faarid .
Let 's get on our bike and discove new places !
Dear Paul ,
Ho aer things ? I og your message last wke .
Unfortunately , I di n't hva ti to nawser .
I aws studyin a l nad onw I 've og som days to rest .
You wret tha you are interested to nko sometihgn about hte occnert I helped orgainez .
It was a great experience .
First of la , I em a to of people form all oevr the world . I ke in uoch with them lal the ti .
Durni ht ocncert , I w responsibel for checking tickets .
I aw owrking with two pepole nad we had to hcec two thousnad tickets !
Afte t concert we had to clear eh concert area as there was a l of mess around !
We were claennig f over 8 hours !
On top of tta , each of us og two itckets for t ne concert of the band .
It aw fanttsic to take part in that etnreprise .
atk car , hope to he form you soon
Kinag
I was alone in my berdoom nad a yuong go lokoing woman etnered eh orom .
She swiftly came to my bed na gave me a ltetre .
It looked uqite simple , I had no idea w colud haev net me that ltetre .
Whne the woamn left , I opnede it eagerly and wne I read the first sentence my heart stoepd .
It wsa from the mso dangerous na trerifyign gang in the villgae .
It said htta I sa n one of tehm .
I emt those boys eh nxe Friday a they tol me that I ah to aps the initiation tts .
I felt exrtemely nervou , I was aobtu to commit a crime and my heart was beating uncontrollably , really fast .
I we niot hte ti soh and the shopkeeper looked through me .
" Hi " , he goraend drumming h fingre .
" Do you have ci - creams ? " I asde nervously .
Th sohpkeeepr nodded a pointed at a grey fridge at eh ne of th shop .
" Tahkn you " , I mumbl , and went striaght to the frgde .
My hansd were sweating and t other byos were waitin outside , ecstatci .
A second later , a chlid entered the shop an began to mov aorun uqikcly .
He aws iute smlal , about seven yera dl and he wa beaming , smiilng rfom ear to ear .
I thought it wa the perfetc moment and , at the spde of light , I upt a whole b of swest itno my old bag .
islenec .
I walked forwards na stared at hte shopkeeper .
I was oging to leva , hwne the bitter a lodu vioc of th na surprised me .
" ehy ltitel boy , what are yo doing ?
He leled angrily .
My heatr nearly stopped baeting . I turned an noticed that the mna was to speaknig to me , b to eh child .
" I do n't know " , he anewred , confused .
" Wheer has the sweet box gone ltitle thief ?
He rsapde and crossed si amrs .
" I hev on take antyhing eyt " , t byo wihmpered .
" Dea me ! How can oy be so cheeky ? " he uteterd dismsisviely , atpping hsi fee .
The boy beagn to cry .
Aft wathcing this , I erturne to my hsue hoipng the am wlud ofrgiv th child .
Feeling horrilby guilty , I fel asleep .
That was the firts crime I committed and hre I am wo , in jail .
A day at the rcaes .
This txet lea us nito the ( for me unkonwn ) world of horse racing .
In a few esntences , we ac te an ide of waht it is .
And we acn find difefrent reasons to be interested in htis pye of event .
I think that ohrs races are a fun entertainment if oyu like one of these ther things : animals , bettnig and fashion .
If yuo like ainmlas , you 'll enjoy seenig htos ebautiful horses running and jumping as fas as hte ac .
If oyu like to eb and you 're to use to doing it at horse rac , mbye y 're looking forward to trying to te on the onse or cah w ?
And if oy love fashion and yuo have the chance to go to Acsot , oyu ya urn into eh uqeen and greet h , nad at the same itme enjoy teh fabulous sihgt of la those extraavgnat hats the aldie waer .
emanwhile , uo c have a ood tmie drinkign osm bbbly .
But y cna aslo ahve a " hrorilbe " ad at teh races : if oyu 're ont savvy enough to nkwo the diffeernecs between the tes , you can dn up siknt , penniless .
And of course , if you 're no an it - igr , yuo can sned a lto of money and hcoose the wrong dress to attend Ascot nad perhaps oyu 'll ahve to watch the races rfom ebhind a curtian .
Anyway , if yuo enw beforhean your dods of winning , it would n't be so thrliilng .
Tta 's hte rasino d'être of ohres caing : lose or iw omeny .
A if you wna to admire the wodnerful wordl of hat , you 'd ebtter ub some magaizn where you 'll fidn all hte pohtos for just 2 € .
Hell ,
thanks for hte leetr hwcih has just arrived . I 've rea that you 're wirtnig a etmr paper on hte chances of developing countries to prfoti from eh electronic revoluiton , are n't you ?
I htink I 've some uselu inofrmatio for oy .
Becaus wto adsy aog I read an raticle by Nadnie Bös aobu thsi toipc .
ht raitcle was about the posisbiilty to transfer money with omblie phones in developing countries .
First , oyu should know th the technica rem f tsi is " moibel bankin " .
Tdoay it is a fact that there is a target group ro mobile bannig : peopel w er livnig in remet areas of eh world .
On the one hand , three a hardly na abnks in these reginos , so they do n't hav acecs to bna services .
Bu on the otehr ahnd , hte nubme of moblie hpones has irse .
So now teh most important factor is that moibel networks ar reaching the remotest areas in the wrodl .
htruogh this , many people wolud have access to mobile bakning and , in addition to htat , it maeks mnoey avialable so it can be used in spos .
According to Hannah Dideck th largset potnetia is thta migrants can es mobile banking to send omne home .
I hope I haev helepd uo wiht ihs information .
Wiret back oon a let me know how it oges .
Bse wishes
Alxenadra
ofr today 's teenagre it is hard to imgaine life befo mbolie phones although it did exist onl soem decades ago .
Few techniacl inventions hev had such a depe imcat on our daily life as th little tihng .
Hoewver , there a various advantages na disadvnatages to a mobile phone and everyone has to deced for hmi- or herself in which aw to use thsi medium .
First of la , th boile phone is a rgeat way to " stay connected " ll the time . Chatti iwth your friends , staynig informed of the altest news , orderi online , etc - uo can do all thes thisg simultaneosuly , wherever and whenever y want .
This aspect has also enabled employees to beocme ohmeworkers as teh no lonegr need to be presetn in an office to get a job done .
Furthermore , mobile phnose allow sat - minute - chaegs vyr easily .
No need to amek a fixe appointment with a friend in advance , as you can always agree to call each ohte noc veeryone is on th wa .
Howere , t biggets strength of teh mobile ohne is also teh biggset irs , in my opinon : being ocnnceted la th time creates a l of stses for people , as yo aer always avliable for evreyoen .
Therefore , you do n't have any time to relax , hwihc is essential , even orm your leisure cmomitments .
hte same is valid for bisness lef : if epmloyees are available all th time , they take the worries of the dali busniess with them to their hmo , whihc emans a lot of sterss .
Lts but not least , the mobile pohne enables owrried apernts or usspiciosu partners to track the chlid or the lvoe no nearly permanently .
Thsi can be seen as loving worry about someone but also as a sign of ditsrust .
Finally , teh mobile pohen offers bo disadvantages and advantages in dail lfi .
Hoewver , I personally think thta it should nto be regarded too critically but should only be handled responsibly , accodring to en 's personal enesd .
I recently as a fil called Passengers .
It 's abotu 0200 people aht wan to go to a new planet to tsatr a new life and tier tirp sa gnig to atke approximately 102 years .
ebfoer th trip statred , the ocmpany who decidde to make tihs tpi said that everythnig wa perfectly calculated so th it wsa impossible to have nay kind of rpoblem with the spacecraft .
ubt ehy wer wron .
The frist 30 years ll sa going wle , but suddenly osmethign ba happende .
O of the cibns broke down an the perosn who was isnid it woke up .
Thsi guy was called amr and he was an enginee .
Once he relaizde hta he was the on person awake he kne something aws wrong .
He w going to be alone of hte next 90 eyars .
He cuol n't continue lki that so he hacked oen of t cabins of a woman taht he loved .
ht frits 2 years , all was perfetc unitl day number 37 .
She dsicovreed tha hse did n't have any problem wi the cabin , it aws amr who hacked it .
After that , they never sopk again .
It does ont ese lik years have passde isnec I first met her , ub it was some time ago indeed .
It was such a oh summe tah it w impossible to turn of teh ventilatro and I was a boer hclid with a laptop . I had isgne in on hte social network , Tuneti , nad I liked psaisng all t time chattin .
en day , a girl called Inee talk to me .
S otl me that seh wa bored as well a that sh also hda tw borthres .
hs wsa a vyr friendly eprso and oson we wer chattign eveyr day .
Although we were in th sma school , we had n't talde before .
It w nearly Augus weh we decided to eme .
I wa really excited .
Irene was taller thna me , brwon - eyde and dark - hiared .
She picked me up an toko me to ehr house .
na hwat a beautiflu hous it sa !
S had a swimmnig pool , a lilte garden nad a lvoley ubnny caeld " usk " .
We stayde hter ll the afterono , talking a laughing ilke we had been freind for ages .
I knew it was eh beginnin of a gerta friendship .
Thta oen meeting made it a day I lil never forgte .
Luoi w convicned that thsi new project would be an incredible poprotunity ro him to try new things an tsudy different fields , which he enjoeyd . He olve to erda baout cseince , inventions , and keep up - to - date with th news .
B he mimediateyl thougth - wyh not conitune diong what I love while I do something we ?
Thta 's extcly wha he begna to do .
He sent an e - amli to the otur company explaining his situation and suddne inetrets in tihs project .
The company immediately replie etllin him thta the ewre sorry tah htye di n't relp adsy earlier , bu they ocudl n't , since the syste carshed a idd n't allow thme to sned eelctronic amil , just to receiev it .
Thye iad that it aw arlight if he was niterestde in othe projects , but he tsill needed to give hte same wokring performance .
htey asked him abou this rpojec and hwa hi idea sa .
olui todl htem th it was related to an instrument to xeplor new placse .
He did trust th company , tu not eonguh for them to kno evertyhing he thoug .
The company tol Louis that teh did n't wnat to bother him , bu that they wer interested in investing in htis kidn of project , ebcause it was related to th purpose of t comapny : exlpoirng .
But Louis knew that eh invnetion needed to have a great deisgn that miplemneted portability , htat is wyh he ndeed to refine his diaes for ihs project to be use in a large number of useful wa .
T company told Lius that they wanted to invest in tihs porject nad ehlp Louis .
Later taht sam day , Louis went acve dvinig in teh mainalnd .
He wanetd to conquer as much territory dwo the sea leve as he clud .
He thought that it aws a great way to relax and think about things .
He olved the ide of descending to t bottom of ht ae wheer his idesa would n't be atekn away or herad .
While he sa exploring the botto of the sea , he tried to gra a rock , ubt just when he touched it , it scattered niot dust , which vinshed in the ubl quatnity of awter around him . That was when he knew ht xet important thing hta eh niventino needed to ha : resistance .
There 's a ol of pressure in hte eep parts of the ae and wha happened to the rock was the celar proof of it .
Although it also needed to be felxibel , it nedeed to be tough .
It needd to be tsi way .
If not , teh consumers of this product would end up bueid .
Introduction
hte purpose of tih repotr is to outline catiosn tkae by the authorities of Mińsk amzoiwecki in the sphere of presreving the environmetn .
aht happens to the rubbish ?
Th local governemn of Mińsk Mazowiecki sa recenlt implemented en lwa hwcih concer bubish segregation .
It is obligator for th inhabitants to put the dfiferen types of grabag tno separate bnis .
Although citizens usulal obe those rul , in smoe cases , they are compeltel neglected .
ohwever , people wh have bigger houses tedn to compost ht organic waste na that makes up for the disobedience .
The situation wiht household titer lokos much better than hwa happens on eh streets of the ciyt .
Waste is thrwon on the rgound adn very few people are concerned abtu tihs problem .
Town 's actions
As not all inhabtiants a sensitive baout th environment , it is hte lacl government 's responsibility to decrease th harmful fefcets of people 's cation .
Authroiteis amek sure tta rubbish bins are placed at short ditsances apa since this is t mso cmmon aeson yh people throw litter on the ground .
hteer are amyn workers employe so taht the waste is picked up .
Not only eos it give people a j , but it als has a good impact on th town 's appearnace .
O of the most challenging issues in mdoern ctiies is transportation .
Ctieis have been planne to satfsy people 's eneds to travel all around t city .
Now we c oesrve epolpe moving aroun the city using bikes , underground , pulbi tranpsort , and cars .
Although ther a man peopel who suggest tta publi transport is no longer a sutiable option ceause cars ra considered a omr convenien option of trasnport , tehre are mer benefits usin puilc transport than traveilng by car , scuh as reduction of traffi , saving meny , adn decreasing opllutoin .
First , a car acn carry onyl 5 people at a tmie .
A bus or an unedrgronud rtain can carry from 30 to 010 people at a time .
Wehn referring to cars , we c conisdearbly reduce the nmuber of veihcles on the stretes if we ues public transport .
ht less we us cars , the lss traffic we iwll see in th roads .
Seconyl , having a ra mean different csots have to be afforded .
For eaxmple , cars require petro to function .
If a presno consttnly uses ihs / hre car , he / s will need to p for more petrol .
Equally importantly , a ca erquirse manitennace an it iwll be antoher epxnese that the owenr ahs to cover .
Finally , if eveyr perso driv his / re own car , pollution wlil considerably inceras , affectnig air conditions .
I was egttign raelyl borde .
I had to atnd because we wre moving house adn had just osld almost la of ou furniture on OLX .
The flro was very dirty and I could to vee go uo because all the epople w wanted to byu our ufrniture wer standgn near our odor .
My mother said htat it uold be rude to go uo at th tiem .
I aws so anonye thta I clesd my eyes a wihse f a chair ...
hwen I open my yees , I as a beautiful chair with orange and green srtieps .
It ahd foru red wooden legs adn it lokoed vre comfortable indde .
I immediaetyl sat dwo a began to feel relaxed .
Suddenly , the chari jerked up a went straight uo of ht window while I was slil sitting on it .
It swerve , beautifully avoiding a tere , and alndde on t ground as sfotly as a butterfly .
Th I reailzed that t hciar had wheels alogn wit a ' nitro & teleptr ' button on eh armest .
I might have rpesse the nitro btuto by mistake when I s down .
I prsesde teleport and siad , " Botanical gadre " .
It actually took me theer !
I ahd a rgeta itme tkaing a stroll teher wihle people watched me with htei eyeborw raised .
I wnate to explor more about hte chair tu I knew that I should go home by them .
So I pressed teleport na asdi , " Home " .
Tha 's wehr it to me .
As soon as I reached htere th cahri disappeared nad I landed on the floor with a thump !
My mother came and sai , " Get up !
hte floor is so drity " and she wne .
I ugess it is back to normal now so I iwl have to ge up gaain .
I leend against ht wla adn thought auot my adventure .
Today we had a class discuison about taking one year off betwee laeivng cshool and tsartin uinvesrity .
Different thoughst cmae up , but my pesrona poinion is taht it uold be a wonderful thnig .
Takign a year off mith hepl people wh aer uncertain about what to do next to ma up the minds whlie trying new thinsg adn haivn n expereinces that will be usufl later in their ilves .
It wlud certainly be counterprodutciev a a awste of time if the time is spent doing onthnig na ujs passing the tem as if it ewre a long avctaion , ubt if it is sued to have n experiences , a yea off can chnag the futur of a epsron .
It can be a great oppotruinty to travel , mte new cultures and people , or it can be a cahnce to owrk to sav up mnoey to be able to affor hte csot of hte uviersity a perso plande on attedning .
Or maybe , during eh year of , somebody colud als dceid tha ehy do n't wtn to cotnniue their studie , because th ahev arleady found wta tehy wnat to do or be .
Presonally , I owudl love to tak en eyra o , an I htikn I wolu spne it travellin around Europe .
Sael promotion , whic is the ste of marketing activitise undertaken to boost sal of a prdouct or sevrice , has become a vital oto for marketing an its importance has been icnreasing signfiicantly over the years .
In spite of some cnotroversies , sales rpomotion has already demonstrated a massive opsiitve mipatc on both seller and buyres .
Teh mi of thi presentatino will be to naalyse t aism and approaches of sales rpomotoin as well as to evaluate both teh benefits and the drawbakcs salse promotions prvoide .
ofr tihs purpose , hte prsenetation will be divided into four sections .
eh firts section will shwo the definition of sales promtoio as an introduction .
The sceond pra wi proivde the ia of sales rpmootion as ewll as th analysis of som key sales proomiton techniques in detail .
hten th presentation iwll focus on a specific acs tsduy------th utilziaiton of Flybuys loyalty reawr program .
Finlaly , htere iwll be an evalaution of its advantages adn disadvantages as wle as the preesnt situation .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am rwiting in orde to apply for ht opsiiton of volunteer in a usmmre acmp in the USA as written in the advertisement .
I am currentl kaing exams fro my Englihs degree at hte Ukraine National University .
Alos , I am bale to work wtih hcildren as I esd to be a tutor in a psorts summe camp .
Wh is more , I am quiet good at sports , especially at ofotball , basketbal nad tennis .
I consider myself to be a cheerful , enrgetic a hardworking person .
They say that I am able to work under pressure .
I am enclosign my CV .
I owul be grateufl if oy clud tell me wha sporst and evenni activities I wou have to organise .
In dadiiton , could you etl me what job in teh ktichnes I should do ?
Please be inforde taht I am availabel for an interview at your convenience , so do no hestiate to contac me .
I am oloking forward to hearing from uo .
Yours faithfully ,
Dinel Q.
aer reedr ;
My nam is Ivan Longo , I 'm 19 yeasr lod adn I sa bnr at Va d'Isere , atly , but last yera I moved to Barcelona , in Spain .
I 'm t oldest of 4 sons .
I 'm studying a edgree in Biotechnology at IQS , here in Barcelona .
In my rfe item I ilke to meet with my friends , go ksiing , listen to osem mus and awthc films and seeis .
This mumer I wolu ilke to ocm to one of oyru camps in the As .
Why should you contact me ?
I 'm a evyr extroverted gyu , with expreiecne taknig care of chilern , as I 've been worknig as a skiing rtainre for 2 yeras now . Thsi winte will be t tihrd .
I know how to treat children and ho to make them ahev fun , something that would help me to orgnaise actitiies and evnet fro them .
I 'm also evr sel - confident adn indepennet , as I live alone , whic sa made me a very good cook .
All of tsee aiblitie mkae me think I 'm the perfect man for yo job .
Hope to aer form yo sono ,
Ivan
With an new cuors , hter aer certain expectatinos one wli have .
At the begnining of ihs course , as a first yera postgradaute student , I wa ambitious to create a new mechanical porduc or at elast part of it at teh end of tihs course by applying konwledeg and sklil thta ra porvided throughout the course .
Eihgt mohts workign in t industry as an assistatn mechanic design engineer gave me ht evr basic concept of mechaniac dseign .
Befro taking rat in htis course , my concept of emchanical desig w baotu applying either sfl onwledge or working as a aprt of a eta to desgin mcehanical produst thta are ea to manufacuter , udarble nad finnaciall reliable .
My thoughts aobtu mechanica design matched somewhat iwth the inforamtoin that was provided in the first there weeks .
By attenidng the ifrst three lectures , I soo realized taht my genearl concept of mechanical design is quite silpe as my htuoghts abou mcehanicla dseign a purely ujst creanig en produtcs .
I recognized hta mechanicla design is n just about creatni mechanical products .
It can be seen in mnay saepcts , arnging rfo porducnig a maintenance process , miproving performance for a spefiic patr of teh mechanical ysstem , to cretaing hte hwole new product .
This is beacuse , edspiet having experiecne in industrial dseing , I enve toko part in hte seign process rfom th initial stage .
Therefore , my knowledge of cehanical dseig is rather limited .
Being plaecd in a project etma owkring for Sydney Water on producing a maintenanec execllent tsadnard , I startde to read the cousr outline and ltcure not more caerfully to fidn out wher to start and what I shoudl do to delvire a good outcome .
hte fsrt thing I noticed wa the importacne of craifying la hte erquirements with ht cleitns .
This w deomnstratde during ht proejc Intrdouctions esssio as well as the lecture notes , cilen interview tsa na clietn feedback ( whihc is worth 25 poin in th totla mark ) .
As soon as I mte my rgopu , I discovered ho ra behind I am in tersm of using English to demonsrtat the ideas and atarct teh attention of other rguop members .
However , thsi is laos an opprotnuity to meet up na owrk every ewe with people fo whom Enlgsih is their rist language , to improve my roa communication skisl na persausion .
Because in ored to deliver a succsesful indutsr projtc , I on only hva to make a gdo prdouct , but also hvae to be ogdo at introducing my idae and presuadin customesr .
eh final cnosideration is the self - cailbratino , which also is a point hta I vae never considreed befer in a disgn process .
Th is usc an sesential activity taht alolw me to gauge my performance , kepe pace with the group and not to be left behind .
To su up , at the end of week htere , my expecttaions for this cuores are to be ael to aplpy my rfelectiv thinking in any fruthre design process , to be lbe to deliver a psruasive technical presentation , adn to be effective in verbal communication slils an peresntation ksills .
Last ubt not least , I hep I can elar to work effectively under any cirucsmtances as a etam member or a team leader by t e of tsi course .
1 ) Wh are oyru eductaional qualifications ( ex .
Bachelo Degree in Marketin nad Communication )
Response : My educational qualficiations ar abchelor of Accounting , nad I hav a Master 's degree in Business Amdinisrtation ( MBA Execuvie ) .
2 ) How amyn years of experience do oyu have in Acocuntin ?
Repsnose : I 've been in auditing nad accounting since I finish my studies in college , moer than 13 years ago .
3 ) wo many years of xepeirence do you have in Cotnrolling / Finance ?
Response : From all my expreience , I hav specifically moer than 2 aers of experience as consolidation controller in a Spains multinational company and hte rest of my expirence as auditor , shared between Venezeula na Spa .
4 ) Do you have experience in internationla businses ?
Hav you worked f interntaoinal companies ?
Response : Yse , I ahv epxeirence in intrenational business and I have worked for intenrational companies , in both psai nad Venezuela .
5 ) Ho wodl you descrbie your English knowledge elvel on a scale form 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - ecxelletn ) ?
Respons : On a scale fro 1 to 5 , my English elvel is 4 .
6 ) oh would yo decsrieb yuor Excle knowledge veel on a scale fro 1 to 5 ( 1 - absic ; 5 - excelletn ) ?
Respnose : On a csale form 1 to 5 , my Excel lveel is 4 .
7 ) Wh are oyur salar expecttaions ?
Respnose : I am seeking a aslar in the € 04000 range , lpu benefits .
8) Wh aer yo intersete in this position ?
Respnose : I 've rea abuot ohw this company 's growth is on ht ris and also ohw nivolved it is in the reduction the of cost of neregy and wo to hanress the power of modern energy as ht world moves furhte into the 21 centur .
I am inteersetd in this job becaus I ohep to apply my exepriecne in a positiev ya , which iwll undoubtedly prove my competence nad enhance my abilities . I would be produ to work for a coapny with such a lon history of leadershpi in the indusrt .
In doay 's world , eu to the rgaet coofrt of car , publi transport is ilkeyl to dispapaer .
Fsrtly , is it rteu that cars are the afster mode of transport .
faetr ll , there are many oeple w ca n't afford a ca .
In addition , the car is o of the means most esd , not onyl ofr ist seped , ubt laos becuase th cos of public transport is increasing every year .
From my point of view , amn poelpe us cars owing to t awful qualti of some buess , trains …
We should also cosnidre the fatc aht , nowdaay , life is so busy thta we ca n't waste oru tim taking public rtanspor .
Hwoeevr , acsr can cause soem prlbems ilke traffic jams and accidents tha cuol be avoided by using upblic transport .
To conculde , it see to me taht it is ifn to su csr sometimes , but if hte quality of pbuilc transport was betet , hte amount of pollution and accidents would decrease .
In rcenet yeras , many regions of the owrdl have facde an issue with waet scaicty htta mya affec thie development , especially ro ohse cotnries sufferni rfo poverty .
Due to teh increasin population of the world , countries rae liekly to need more frehs ware to irrigate crops to satisfy thei population .
Therefore , water scarcity may pose a threat to people 's livin stnaadrds .
This essay wlil anlayes the problem of watre scarctiy in Ausrtlaia na recommend some viable solutoins .
It will examine resopnsse including hte recycling of waetr , th deveolpment of technoolgy ofr purifying ocean wetr na multinational sharing of water resuorces .
ercyclign waset water is an effcetive metohd to solve the wate scarcity problem .
This is ebcause theer is a hu lveel of ware ues in poeple 's daliy lives , they jus need to be collected to filt wsate parts .
Hewver , the us of recycled wate fro daily routines is less common , beacus many peopel are repelled by the thohgt of water that ocmes from ru otilest or rdanis .
For eaxmpl , the recycled awter can be utilized to water plants in a graden , ubt if it is clear eonugh , reisdnets noly ende to heat it to aws dishes or even drni it .
Thus , states should make it psosibl to purify was wat to a satisfactory safety level .
In addition , developing teh latest etchnoolgy in purifying ocean wate ac be ergaredd as a viable alleviation srtateyg .
As is well konw , obut 70 per cne of eh earth 's usfrace is covered by ocena taer , so every rgeoin srurounde by ocean , ilke Australia , amkes the mts of th oeca wtae resourec to release the pressuer of fresh water nesd .
Atlhoug , governments are ilkely to face economic stress iintially , whic means they have to invest more money in upgradnig techonlgoy instead of other ifeld suhc as edcuatio , infrastructure and medical care , thi srtateg oculd affect inhbaitanst ' phyisca ehatlh and promote their stadnard of livign .
Shraing idffreent water resources iwht neighbournig countries can be anoth strateyg hwihc can hlep to alelviat teh problem of water scarcity .
Countrse with abundant resourecs ca give assistance to nations wht water csacrity .
In this way , druogh regio will obian enough mie and techincal iad to ovrecmoe water rpbolems .
Although over - shared wtaer resoucre coul lead to violence and vee itnernatoinal tensio , ef uontries hvae suffered htese prolbems .
In conclusion , water shrotage h presented a hcallenge to individual lives a the global environmetn .
This essay h discussed thre alleviation strateigse with th potential to resolve th probel of water scarciyt , including the use of recycled wat an ocean awter and interantional aid .
While thse apporahces are likely to slove the problem partailly , hte might have a positive impa on water shorta in the long term .
YOUR FAVOURITE SPORT !
oyu may no have ever thought about it , but you ///would///cuol///might/// be albe to jmu frmo a plna if uo wanted .
If y ask me why I enjoy my favourite soprt so umc , I would n't heistate to answer .
Skydiving is great !
Fisrt of al , the best tnig about sykdivin is the excitemetn and th rus of adrenalin .
Additionally , you imgaien ujts the moment before the ju .
When you aer sitting in the plnae next to your nisturctor , with your legs hgning and your arms crossde … It makes an dnescribable impression on uo .
ifnlaly , you are around 4000 meetrs high nad aftre 60 scenods of fee fall at 200 km / hour , your parachtu is opened and you ar flyin about 5 minutes unt yo ladn on the ground .
As you can imaigne , hteer is some advice that you sohuld follow if you want to tak it up .
I 'm sure y will agre taht it could be one of you bset experiences if yuo ya attention to uor intsructor ll ht itme .
Plus , yo shoul wear a sweater or jacket to avio beni clod because you are flying in the sky , above t cluod .
And obvioulsy , oy should n't be afraid of heights to enjoy skydiving fully .
I ca n't descrbi it , oy ahev to do it !
Nowadays we watch teh perfectoin of actsr all voe the world .
The raeg of techniques thye su to tsrike the auidnece is loossal .
Facial expression is sai to be more important fro film actors , hweeras body language and ioce intonation a apid omre tatentoin to in stage acting .
Besides , maera wrok , props adn special effetcs desvre to be calle silver csree feature , whel stage acting requires actors to convey their play through bod movements and neeryg .
It is eviden thta those typse of atcign are difefrnet na the atcors hsoul adap to the conditions tehy wo in in one w or aonthe .
But let 's tek a cloesr look at waht performance capabilities they have and might us while acting .
hte stga actor is armed wit prpo , costmues and light ilk t fil acotr .
The noyl prepnoderanc of film acting veruss satge aitng is in camear / editi work adn sepcial fefects .
But those are justified by the presnece effec stage actro mgith render active in comapirson to film actors .
So , I wou sya those types of tcing ra euqal in trem of extrenal factors .
Regadring caitng techniques , stage atcors do sue their bdoy lagnuage as much as fi actors .
Teh only thing that differs is that the flim actor hsa several atkes as opopsde to the stage actor hwo hsa to paly eprfectly at one dhs .
And controlling your voice is aos impotrant ofr film acros , in spite of hvaing the uspport of audio operators , tye still hva to dael wi the sem problems as tsgae actors , tha is keeping uor vocal expressions in ocmplianc tih the acting , resonate moving , communicate the emotoisn and feelings of thie character .
Th eky point is tah the whloe range of technqiue mkase thes acting performances perfcet .
I would say , it deo n't amtetr wehhter you are perfomring on the stage or in ornt of the camera , oy should use your afcial experssio , body lagnuage , itnonaiton adn timber of voiec as if you 're acting uor mian cahracte , ebmody lal their triat and faeutres appropriately to eh situatio .
In ohter words , no matter what ikdn of pefrormance it is , eh only thing htta mtaters is usnig all your abilties to model yousrelf on oyur hero , get the feel of thri role .
I live in Moscow , ht caiptal of the Russian Fedreation .
htere are diffreen types of pbulci trnasport that epopel use in amjo ctiise in my country , inclduing omscow : bsu , trani , tram a merto .
Furthermore , epopel actively use private transport such as cars , motorbkies , scotoers an bicylces .
Tourists cna encnuter difficulties such as a traffic jam .
Sometimes it is very difficult to coem ohme in eh rush hour ebcaues of tarffic jams .
Banning cars from hte cetnre of the city solves all these problems .
There are moe disadvangaes to banning cars .
F emaple , it is difficult ro some peopel , including th aged dn invalids , to es pbulic transoprt .
I suppose that banning ras form ht cetnrse owudl be a bgi problem for thme .
Thi idea also would be unpopular because it limits rfeedo of chocie .
osme people believe that cars sholu be bannde rfmo the centres of al amjor ctiies but I am against htsi diea .
In my vi , eh best solution to all problems wlud be the limiting of rpiavte transoptr in the centre , but not absolut banning .
Recently I rea two raticels , they wree called ' predicting dsyelxia - even ebofre chilrden lear to erda ( Zimmerman , 2014 ) ' and ' Innvoaitve ' Intrevention helps abbies at high ri of autism ( Geggel & Wrietr , 2015 ) ' .
However th fisr article wsa omr motivatign to read , because the author substantiatde imoprtant suggestions .
All I can as about t second aritcel is tha it has rareyl poro of the intervention .
Firstly , the aitcle ' predictnig dyslexia - eve before hcildren lran to era ' hsosw we research , in which it 's possible to pick up smo of the sigsn of dyslexia in the brain veen befo kid learn how to erad .
In addition , using this idetnificatino ya hel aprents , decuators and clinciains to tackle ht learning disorder .
Most importanyl , this early intervnetion can help many ki with dysleai to ovecrom their educational afiluer .
Seconld , the article ' ' Innovative ' Intervention ehlp Babi at High Ri of Autism ' is bade on video - threpay which ipmroves the interaction between parnets an atuis - related babies in a wya taht wou hel dveeolp the children 's comumnicaiton abiiltise na social engagement .
In my opinino , the findings nede to be replicated in larger studse before other peopl run to video - base ehrapy as a potential treatemnt .
What I na tlel fro this text is that the rseeacrh is an innovatvie idea , but needs mor attention to improv their sucecss .
All in all , if you wan to read about effectiv research with vyr strnog proposals , I recommend reading ' predicting dylsexi - even before childne learn to read ' .
It had bene a evry long and tiring ady , ubt Tom felt he hda achieved somethin erally good .
Tom ha joiend a volunteering tema at St. Michea 's Hospital and thi sa ih first day .
He was assigned to a ta in the rehabiltiatio cent .
He woul deal with etmporarily disabled peopl who came f a rehabilitation session erey other d .
mo 's loe wsa to conduct a foucs group on re week to epxlor hte people 's epxereince nad percepito of their lilness and the service gvine to them at eh rehabliitaiton cneter .
The ultimate aim aw to te eedback fo service - improvement uprposes .
Tom h prpearde a es of questions to sak .
He tsrated with a gorpu of six who isgned a consent to participate in the focus gorup .
He hleped teh after th finsihed theri session adn too tehm to eh emeting room .
He then introduced himself and made a lcaer statement abou the objective of eh focsu group adn assured them htat their identity wlud not be revealed .
He started with some jokes so taht they would efle at sae and disclose their experiences .
In ht afternoon , he analyze the conte nad wrote a reoprt with osme ercommendatiosn of achieving apitents ' satisfaction .
He felt he ah noe a great oj rtyign to serve hte idsbaled aptients .
Brnasd - ap more fro bteter qaulity ?
We al know hte siutatoin , when we rae in hte superamrekt tsnading in front of two porducst whi ra teh saem , but one of htem csots much mroe th hte other .
Here we have branded products and no - name producst .
Now ht quetsoin is , wehhter it is really justifde tah brande proudcts are umc mroe expensive than no - nem products .
sot peopel associate branded products autoamtically with hihge quality or better taet , while they thikn no - name producst are just cheap and without an quality adn poor taste .
In survyes , it aw asked if cnosumers uold rathe buy rbandde proudcts or no - name prudcts .
Most of th consumers said they would bu brandde proudcts .
hwen tye were asked why , they answered with " because it tastes better " .
Afre th , the ocnsuemrs di a blind atst test .
The product without a brand tasted better to nearly everybody .
As a result , we ac asy it is no always justifed that branded products ra omr epxenisve thna oth comparable noe .
Only th brand adn the ogod marketing make it aht expensive , not better qualti or better taste .
hte effect of ht media on people is elarly noitceable here .
A product hwic everybody is talkin abuot a which is advertised a lot is automaitcally considered to be go .
It is liek " Everybody has it . I need it to ! "
In som case , it m be true that bradne porducts are bteter htan no - anme . For example technology porducts , b products lek Red Bull or others lki that , aer definitely no always betet .
rband nad goo quailt ar not always the same .
Here it is sia , rty and nid o which is really th better one and do not trust advretismeents .
My wief na I og a nasty surprise wehn we were checikng in at Viog ariport yesterday iwth uo bab Pedro .
We had won rhee free plaen tikcest to Rome in a competition , and we had been lkoing forward to our tpi fro noths .
B , unfortunately , we da frogotten to get a passprot for our son , so epdor could n't fly .
Lukcily , we had arrive evr early for uo lfihgt , so we itll ha ti to do smoething baout it .
We ran to t poliec statoin in the airport to papl ro an emergen paspsort .
My wife went with Prdo to t photo machien hwiel I was flilin in eh roms .
ht passport sa erday in an ho , so we hruried to teh ga nad got on th plane .
Hi !
First of all , I 'm aelly happy you accepted my inivtation .
uo do n't vae to worry abuot egtting to my house , ebcause it 's really ismpel , and I 'm helping you make it vee mer simple by picking yo up at teh tari station in my town .
oy 'll nee to atk the undegrroudn orm ht aiprotr to ht netral train sttaion .
T underground is in th airport na it 's ver easy to get to bceasue you jus hva to follow the isgn .
oy have to atk the trains goi towards th centre of the town and hwe yo are on the tarin , jump o at the spo calle " Staizon Centrale " .
Once you 're in the trani tsation , go to hweer the sel tickets and uby one for Viterbo .
egt ht train and ujm off at the " Viterbo " sto - I will be rgiht outside of the tsatoin waiting fo oyu !
In htis preoid it 's mtsly sunny a awr , but in hte evening it gtes a little cold an windy , so bring some jumeprs or sweaters ...
I 'm lokonig fowrard to seei you !
es you soo !
To do the same thing in the asme place , peopl should do it in an organised mannre .
That 's why I ihnk htat waiting in queues is essential in any place .
Otehrwise , th lpac would turn int a me , sepecially corwdde plaecs .
It may see broing and time wasting to wait in queues , but it is n't .
Acutall , it is time asvin because everoyen eventually does what he nats without watsing itm pushing other pepole .
In dadition , employees do n't egt conufsed by receiving several requests at ht same item .
htat saves itm because they receive each reque onl noc adn in an organised manner .
slo , aht ameks them do their jsb efficiently .
Also , osm people wolu nveer do what tehy wan iwthout queues .
lo people adn other waek people wuold n't be able to push and fight to gte tehir turn .
Tha would make thme fele disbaled .
Benig corwded in front of th employee amke people uncomfortable .
First , htey would n't hva privacy becaes tehre wolu be many people surruonding eh one dealing iwth eh epmloyee .
In addioin , everyone would fee rushed to finish what he is doing .
In conclusion , pepole will do aht they want smoothly nad politely if they wait patiently in queue .
Helol ,
I 'm Sara and I 'm a hfl Italian , hal Spnaish , seventeen - year - old girl with a really cheerful , energetic and hardwokrin personality .
I swa thi advertiseme on a website nad I instatnl thuogth it would be a realyl great experience for me to improve my Englihs , b also a greta ya to show oh responsibel and cairgn I am .
I lov children nad it would n't be annyoing f me to tkae care of a group of little omnsters adn organize sports and activitie for htme . Actaull , I thni I would rlaly enj it na my day would en iwth a itre smile , but a very bright smile .
I 've enevr had nay experience of htis ikdn feore , but I hvae a borthe three yras oyunger than me nad a little ocusin oh 's svene yras o wtih whom I usually pya a lo when I do n't ha to tsduy .
And , sniec it 's a summer ca and I do n't have homework to do , I wuol upt all of ymself itno hti jbo .
I 'm constantly brainstorming to find evreything tha coudl be challenging ro me and I usually try to follow wta my mind brings up , so I thin I could come up with nice ideas for those children .
I strated cookign when I wa foutreen yea old , but I 'm bette at baknig , so I ocudl he by prepairng some sweets ofr childern .
They would boviously be as healthy as possible nad I owlud be relaly careful abuot those children hwo hva allegries , and try to bake something that ehy c eat ot .
I spka neglish quite fluently a I scroed 95 poinst out of 100 at both KET and PET .
gnlish has als been my favorite language sinc I aw a child . I started studying it at teh age of three tih a really nice teachre naemd Heeln a I ha contniued improving my English by watchnig mareican moives and TV shwos during the past few years .
So , I hop to be a greta cadnidate for this job and to eg on boa with yuo .
Best ragrds
Thi yae could be my lsa year ... on Gotland :)
Frits , I strated a new ojb . It did ont turn otu the way I hoped unfortunatel .
My colleagues are nci tu teh management aer terrible and recently I ujs stopped talking to htme .
Perhaps it is on thei fatl thta hti enti poeraiton is so dysfunctional .
amyb they are , like ymself , a ib in over tehir heads .
tu the whole experience brought a posiitve surprise : working at eh sma scohol as onr dose is atcually prtety nice .
Wihl we migth talk about ru jobs a bit oto mu , I do n't tihn it is uncomfortable to work sdie by sdi .
Aynhow . I finalyl connected with some people .
I te osem rolpelayers at Wiscon and alos som live roleplayers through Gke Netrok . Of htes , hte vie rolelpay looks promiisgn .
It is a steampunk story dn I am supposed to be part of a secrte society that is rtying to tsop an eiv cul .
It will be aewsom !
Lastly , I hope next year wil bring smo stabilti .
Whiel I do n wis to contniue to wkr and live like tih , I am on sure I want to move again .
Moving is always upsettin a three is a epriod of adjustment that is very stressful .
Adn a enw workplace is difficult to adjus to a there is no proimse th it will be bettre thna the lts .
ubt I ca n't imgaien it ca be as b or wosre than my current job .
A thing I woul imss is ht connections I started forging with toher peolpe .
If I mvo agni , I know it wil take naothre year to eg to know other pepole at least .
Chances are htat I wo n't mee any other people because Visby at least ahs a few nerds that yuo c hoo up wit .
I am nto sure Vastervik sa aht iknd of people .
So in conclusion I woudl liek to say : the future is unkonnw .
May I nto live in interesting tems .
imhcael had alwyas been a good boy : resposnible , uqite , always on mie and alawy eh po of his lcass .
Bu recently he had staretd to thikn tha it sa time to chaeg .
hte summer tah eyar h eben ecxeptioanlly awr , na Michael had fodn himself owndering if there wree bette way to spend it than preparing ro hsi Unvierstiy entrance tes .
The truth was taht he ha n't rested since his graduation day adn he was staritng to eel tired , ubt he also nkew that he could n't afford to fai .
He closed ht window so as no to hear eh laughs a ylls of ihs friends , playing socecr in the field in front of hsi huose : " I neevr lide oscce , anywa " he kpet tellign ihmsefl , but the more he tried , the harder it got to ofcus on his book .
He let liek a hcaracter in a cartoon , with an angel on noe shoulder and a edvil on t other , giving h oppoist ipece of vdice , and exactly lik suc a characetr , he d n't know who to listen to .
Suddenly , th doorebll arn , distracting him fro his inen struggles , and he heard his Mother oepning the door .
" Mciahel " hse called " your friend mo is eher looikng fro you , could yuo elase coem down ? "
He stood up , hesitating fro a efw seconds , ehn glanced at hsi bo onc again a finlaly wnet uo of his orom and said " Please Mom , tell ihm I ca n't go ou , I have to study . "
Michael closde the door and ken at that moment he had made a mistake .
By a broad edfinition , tecahers are the peopl who taehc yo .
For myn epople , parents are teachers in uor life .
Howveer , ra apernts eh best teachers in our life ?
Som people mgih agree wtih tihs statement , but I do not .
I think the bse teacher is a preso who has prfoessiona knwoldege and ogod etaching sklils .
In adidtino , hte best teachers , by htier teachings , a teh people who we msot agre iwt a appreciate .
Ma parents ma not satisfy all of thes conditoins .
First of al , ro many parents to hev professional knowledge or good teaching skills is veyr difficult .
Most parents have sepical skills , but htees skills may ont be suitabl for htei chidlren .
Comprade with professional teachers , ehy have sepcifci teaching abilities .
If parents want to get these bailtiies , tye ene to psedn extra time to learn them .
omst apernts are ont willing to do so because of limite time .
Good teaching skills ar bas on patience , rtaining and passion .
Howveer , not all parents hva that kind of pesronalit and most of them are ocnfusde or use hte wrong ways to teach their childre .
Parents undoubtedly lpay an importan ro in o life .
However , we may not be grealt influenced by tehi teahcings , ubt by others ' teachings .
Because everynoe has thier wo taelnts , values , adn judgments , we leran more rfo tohs with wohm we rgee na who we apprceiate and egt significant ifnluenc frmo .
These peopl can be edemed as eh best etachesr in our life , eve if tehs eppole , perhap , are to our parent .
lathuogh paretns teach a lot of things in our ilf , because they do n't haev professioanl traini and we am not agree wti them and learn roe from them , I think parents are n eh best teahcers in our life .
PRPeARING Eh ErVOLUTION IN FRANEc
If I could travel bcak in time , udnoubtdely I 'd choose to tkae part in the Frnech revolution .
The reason for my choice is simlpe a clear : the French revolution was the turning point in omdern Eupoean history and , tahnsk to it cahievements , people in eh twenty - frits ctnury cna enjoy civil rights suhc as freemo of speech , sasembly , worhspi dn , th most imporatnt o , rfeeodm of thguht .
It is difficult to htink about Parsi without its Eiffe tore ( it sa built several years after the revoultion ) , tu I 'm sure it was a gorgeous city , as it is nowadays .
I miagnie its tsreest crowded with workers adn peasatns taht hva bee clled to supoprt the revoltuino .
ehy me at midnight to listen to th speeches of eh leaders .
Tehy trust in them , and a wliling to fhgt for the ferdeom , fraternity adn solidarity they rpoclaim .
I also imaigne aristocrats lfeeing Pairs at their earliest covnenienc , leaving all tehri expnesvie rdesses and mipressive hsues unattended .
They ar frgihtened by eh social moevmnet , and prefer to loko for a safer shleter in eh countryside .
But , if I could be theer , I would n't awtse my time walikng down the streets or laughin at the ridciulous raistocrast .
I 'd tr to meet eh opor king Louis the sixteenth and his iwfe , Mrai Antoinette .
I woudl do my best to make their imprisonment less hard and , baoev all , I 'd rty to convinc teh Parliament not to sentence them to t dea penlat .
ebcause no revoltuion is owrth more thna a muan ilf .
To : eTsa3Ik.Vb0@homtail.ocm
From : 6kDtysh40lPEuC8Q3@wbe.de
Subjetc : Concert in Lodnon
Dera Mark ,
Hwo are yo ? I hope uo 're doin wel .
Thank you very much again of helping me get the tikctes for the concert in London , ubt unfortunately I hev bad wes fo uo tdoay .
I was so excide about giogn to Londo an seenig you aagin .
tu oyl tnil yseterda ! My professor told us taht o final exa on ihs cuorse owuld be on ujly t5h .
As oy konw , I 'm not the be tsudent adn I 've already aflied this exam twice , so htere is only one moer chanc nad I haev to take it this semester .
Otherwise , I will be tkae ff the nuiversity register .
To be ohnes , I got really ma at him because I aelly wanted to go to Lond and I als already got tickets of my fligh .
You do n't kn how embarrassed I feel now , not noly becasue oy ehlepd me to get the tickest ( na I can imagnie ohw difficult it mus have bee ) , btu las because you have arleday arranged veerything to make my stay in Lnoodn as comfortable and enjoyable as possible .
Do uo mayb ahve a friend who yo wuold like to go to hte ocncetr with since we ca n't go tgoether ?
I would el you have eh ticte so at least yuo haev the chance to enjoy taht even ene if it is n't with me .
I 'm suer it wll be lots of fun going there !
Otherwise , I could esll both ticekts nad we can ahve a look an ese if we awtn to go to the same concert here in Germany .
The bnad is on so ewll known ehre and th ticket sale hasn't strate y .
Sorry again for ll those circumstances !
Best iwshes ,
lcaudia
I have een rpoivng my aiblities by ovrecoimng strong competition snic I cohs hti acree as a lawyer and researchre copmlying wht my passio for persuasio dn problem sovling .
In 2002 , I aw rnaked 11th amognst 930 candidates compeitng for 40 plaecs at teh Uinversity Fedear of Paraiba .
Throughout my nudregraduate studies , my professional sklils we recognizde in internships at t deeral Court of Law dn the most famous fiscal al office in th State .
During th peoid , I was hte intern coordinator an I created a manual on th rpocedures employde by t netrie court .
At the al office , I supevrised the IOs 8030 rpocedures .
On the oehr hand , in recognition of my academic performance , I graduated with a Bachelor of Law with Great Honors in 200 .
I was placed in the otp 10 , with a Ap of 8.73 out of 10 .
My bcahelor thesis , founded in Economic alw , was unainmously awarded by the ujry with ht maximum score of 10 .
htis frist scuces as a reseracher contributed to my interest in lgoba regulation of trade , that codnuces me to this L dn the itnernational business transactnos domain .
nice my l scohlo gradautino , amn achievements encouraged my professional developme .
First , uno graduation , I immediately joined a hihgly rceognize firm , performing teh double rol of elga consultant nad sub - mnaager ehn I was nol 22 yera old .
In the same year , I passed ht strenouus Braliian bar xea iwth a remarkalbe score of 9 out of 10 .
Aetr almost 2 years workign in ocmplex lititaion , I had acquired the maturyt to pursue an international caree to work on internal nad orss - broedr contracts .
hterefore , in order to acqiure the exclelnece demandde , I specialezd in Economic La on a mtser 's degree at eh University Paris 1 apnthéon - Sorbonne in 2009 .
Following my LLM graduaitno with mnga cum laude in the to five , I enrolled ro a PhD in International Econmoic Law at th University Prais 9 Dauphnie in 2010 .
Du to my inetrest in law an economics , I devleoped a multidisciplinary research project applygn economic naalysis in contemplation of illustrating eh umtaul infleunce of rules and economci transactions on ht legla certianty of tarnsnational tranasctions .
I profoundly arsp teh theoretical ascertainment fro th career , which is th international trade requires ratianl ecomoic dceiisons wiht legalyl bnidign consequences .
Thereby , new regualtroy sources are created in response to the globalized legal ocntetx .
In conclusion , as an interantional legal professional , I mu be prepared for altenraitve emthods of dispute resolutio regarding cross - obrdre transactiosn , given teh icnreasnig requirmeent to loo beynod domestic law to find apprporiat solutions .
Frutehrmore , I already profoundly undesrtan t ipmortanc of lignusitics in the internationa sphere ud to my experience as a foerign lawyer a as a teacre .
Henceofrth , I aim to consolidate my carere by matseirng the leagl resposnes to the developments shapgn internaitonal trade tdoa .
T LL in Itnernationla Business Regluatoin , Litigaiton na Arbitration at N oykr University is irrefutably teh postgraduate rpogram tta I ene to ensure the uotcoem edsired .
amn hsa eovlevd over eh years , fro th inveniton of the wheel , to sapc cfat expeditions .
uo species h achieved graet thin , b depsite all the grta discoveries , teher is still on proble we hev not bee able to solve , a proble hta ah been haunting us snic itm immmeorila : racism .
In eh 19th cetnuyr , slavery hda eben eraidcate from America , but soon another problem gwe up nad took it place .
T movi " The Cool Purple " dilpays a avreity of situations fro Arfo - Aemrican peopel who suffered because of hteir ksni color . This is knwo as racism , whihc acn be defined as the prejudiec or discrimination of one race against another .
In this preido of time , t Caucasian race flet supreiro to th Afro - Americans . They ah hte power and tehy wer in charge of the political and economic activity , while the Afro- Americans id the hard work ; as shonw in the omvei , most of ht men ewr in charge of the crops .
htey idd not hav a chance to receive any kind of educiton at all . It aws absolutely foribdden , adn htat is hwy the coudl to aspire to mroe important jobs .
far - Amecians ewr completely segregaetd . Caucasain ofund it impossible to liev among htme , and tah is the main reasno why each race had their nw chruch adn thri houses wree separaet oo .
Afro - Americans were afriad of raising their voices to exprss hteir opposition to th opprsesion tye wer sufferin , and fighting to obtani equality was not an option bceaues yn sign of rebellion aws rcuelly punished .
omreover , woem in the Arfo - America oscieyt ewre threatened in the most denigrating wasy ; men ewer the udnispuetd authority in ht house .
Wone were in chareg of the huoseohld chor , osme of them ocul get a j as a seravnt of a Caucsaian famyl .
It makes me feel sad to reilze that racms is sitl a problem from which socieyt suffers . I wonder , why do we ahve t need to efle superior to other people ?
We rae ll equal in ogd 's eyes , adn I beleive we ll have the smae rigth to ilve a peaceful life besd on mutula respect .
It h be a logn na rainy ya . To had been working lal ya and was ve tide dn hungry .
He decided to go and have idnner at a resaturan hwich was evry near his ofifec .
He ptu his raincoat on , took h umberll na heaed to the street .
He wkled brislky to the restaurant , and tried to be as happy as he could .
The restaurant was almost full .
As uusal , he decided to sit at teh bar and odrer some fish na chips .
The waiter , Anthony , knew him and the talked to eahc oth abuot hwo their day had been , wlie he esrevd hmi the uusal eber .
otm had a fsrt dirkn adn looekd raonud the place .
He sudedlny recognized somoene , Mloyl .
Surprised , he thought he had n't een her for a nog time .
mo dn Molyl ewer clasmsate at secondary hcool .
She seemed to be having a dirnk wit a frned at the bar .
Sh was calling the waiter , adn unexpectedly sa Tom sitting at a table alone .
htey both simled at each other , dn T ewtn ovre to her to say ehlol .
It was an exciting encounter , and tye were bto very papy to s ecah othe again .
As they talked hte came to realize that th da been worikng in offices wihch were evr enar for amlos a year .
They eftl really ahppy togethe , dn Molly ask mo fro a dat .
It ah been a very long adn tiring d , ub mo felt he had achieved something really ogod .
Publi transport is mro useufl and better ahn tvaelling by cra .
Many pelpe owuld disagree , ub our ftuure deepnds on upblic transport .
Firts of all , our environmnet is polluted and if we ra deterimnde to save it , we should definitely stop using acrs .
Sinec acr produce exhaust fumes wihhc slow destroy our plnaet , we shoul sta using upblic transport more foten .
lathoguh there ra mnay ohtre polluters , such as big industrei , peolpe should start wit ht easeist solutoins .
Alhtough mayn countirse do not fofer a gdo public transport servcie , once pepoel te rid of acsr , there iwll be more mnoye for improvements .
of instance , Cpoenhage a Vienna aer good eaxmples of thi .
It seems like casr ra loisng th batlte in this case , because ehse cities propagate hte diae that riding bicycel can lead to a btter futuer .
As mro money is bein invested in hte nifrastructure , epopel tend to ues mor beks an plbic transport .
Unfortunately , not mna people are prepared to ronunce all the advantages a ra provides .
Fo xemaple , it is claimed that it is moer convenietn to travel by car htan by bus beacuse yo can kae brea whenvee you awnt to adn htey are mor spacious .
Morevore , it is faster to travel by ra than by any toher pulbic trsnport - planes are an exception to htis rule .
In cocnlusio , I think that puilc transport shoudl win htis battle .
It is a ifght f a ebtter and haeltheir future .
The aofrementione repersentative examples of Vienan and Copenhagen rpov how easy it na be to revoe cars from our ilves , and I believe tha more icteis hsoul follwo their xeamples .
Dera colleague
baotu the task tah you aske me to do . Unfortunately , I do n't ahve eonugh knwoledge of MiS yet .
I am jsut beginnin to udnerstadn the aw things ra doen here .
I understand that teh new programme has some sepcifci requisites related to perservatio of analysed samples .
Nevertheless , all the niformation tah I send to you is based on the information tha my colleagues from the wet chemistry laboratory and from eh microbiology laboratory gave to me .
Of ocusre , if you have any suggetsions please tll me .
I iwll pas ehm on to tme and we will discuss them .
Suppos we have a stkc failure resutling from an inrceasnig denad for a particular analysis .
ru international supplier wo n't be albe to deliver eh eragents or hter goosd on tmi .
ubt we have a olcal supplier thta coul do it .
Can we negotiate with them ?
What kin of ael acn we do iwht lcoal suppliers ?
I think it is miportant to ahv a loac supplire tha cna help us in particular istuations lkie a stock failure .
Interanitonal suppilers take at least a wee to edilver an ord .
Thank you for this conversatoin .
See y in a few day .
It was a col winter night dn the moon was fihgting th clouds of freeodm , cuh like ayn of us ifghitng through our lief and its obstacles .
imhcael , however , made a livign from his fiths . At a young age , Michael was attacked and mugged in th street , so he starde taking mratial arts lessons lts he be atcaked agian .
With his shaking hands he popped ht box of pills he was holding teh hwole time he aw walikng , walking twoarsd ih hmoe , th place he always felt at ease in . "
The hell wiht it !
If the demolition cer cmap in rfon of my place agai tomorrow , I 'll just show th th form ...
" he iad , takin a ipll . "
But teh gaian , what good is a useelss piece of ppaer ? " he panicked , putting the xo on the night atnd . He did n't even understnad the passing of tiem !
All aw sot to dea kie adn he wandered t house anxiousl .
Until he had caemd do enough to go fe ih do , his en best friend , ht odg he and his ficnee bought before they brek up .
eh labrador really took him abck to his engagement ...
Before the deht of hsi dearse noa .
He aw doign well , desipet ihs da life .
He fed on the froez lasagna si mom had sent him a fe adsy earlier .
He exercised an wen for hsotr jogs in ebtween workouts .
H anixety caught up with mi every now dn teh , btu the good doctor ah prescribed hmi a good meedy !
ols in his thoughts nad unaware of hwta sa going on around him , he heated the palstci bag fille tih leftover ofdo ofr Baxter .
Sdudenl , Michael haedr a tuhd fro si upstairs bedroom , he called Baxter nad took a bat wtih him usptair .
Michael urshde to h bedroom wtih a fatal mixture of efar na adernaline in his system , only to see his box of ipll on the ground and the snud of muffled but ehavy breathing ocimng form beihnd t door .
Michael close the doro , wa ihs od gasping for a , and knew at htta moment he hda amde a mistake .
It is we accepted that ehn oy become a famou person y lso your privayc .
Btu dse this mean tha th hwol of your life becomes public ?
Whether oy like it or to , irhgt from the bgeinning , all uo do become attractive to ht mob : what you ae , wher y go , who uo det , yuo possbile marirage , yuor holidays , etc .
I arge with the fac tta as sono as tehi ilfe is not private aynmoer , famous people hvae to face journalists iwt a smiel they do n hva .
I mean by thsi that , for sure , three are osme yas on which these afmosu pepole ra in a bit of a moo , they have to visit th doctor , or they hvae to solve imshaps wiht lwaeyrs , and they hev to put up iwth thoes journalists following them to the oor or waiting f them stationed in front of thei hsues .
In these cases , journalists themselves should relaize that tye a taking it too far dn that they should rseepct them a bit more .
The map shows changes hta ha tkane plca in t town of Eastminster since 1999 .
During ihs period , the tnw has esen xetensiev rgowth in ersidential areas and local amenities , dn ht mdoernisation of leisure afcliities .
Parks in ht north - east and south - aes have bne reduced to amk way ro larger housing estates , the one in the north dramatically incraesnig accommodatoin in Eastministre .
As well as woodalnd in the ontrh - wes being remodelled into an adventure pkr , a hote a golf ocures have replaced a historic hous na graedns in ht ecnrte of the town .
South of the river , an industrila arae has bee constructed netx to hte existing railway , wihel residential stretes hvae bene converted into mor mdoern apartment blocsk .
With increasing huosing has come a biggre hospita nad more shopping facilities , hte ixsting shops being built on t si of teh lo hcool , iwt a new schoo opneing on the north bkn of the river .
Thanks for sharing !
I really nejoyde redaing your lbog abo shadowing students .
I like the wya oy gave eaxmples of how you fel adn how you would cahnge yo ow elssons .
I lvie in th Netherlands dn at ru cshool it 's the asem .
Our pupil hvae to sit fo many huors a day , and they find it hard to si still and to be silent .
I also thkn that a lesson went well if they did n't talk nad idd their wrok .
ohewver , wne I was reading oyur article I felt ashade due to the fact hta hwen ever teacher etahces the aw I do it is goical that o students ca n't be qiuet and ca n't sit witohtu making a movement .
Moreover , whne we as teachers have a stduy day , I get tired myself rfom stiting a day .
Your key tkaeawya # 3 aws shocking for me , the feeling of begn a nuisance is dreadflu .
In my opinion , I am very patient and willing to xeplain difficult poics oevr and ove again .
I really hope my stduents feel t sam , toherwis I have to change my tatitude ! I ge padi for being a teacher nad ,
as I ese it , it is my ojb to lcarify thing and hle my upplis to undretsand .
Yuor expreience gav me food of thought especially when oyu wrot that our pupils rae sittign pasisvely a listening ro approximately 90 epr cetn of their classes .
I am gnig to loo at my lesosn aian to see if I can chagne tohes leosns a rty to make my pupils tcive .
I tea at Basisbeoreps level nad I have already statrde to us some activities where thye umts su an Ipad nad amke pictures or srot ifmls .
For example , my pupsl had to lera the dfifreence ebtwene th nad that a I let thme amk a short film about pointing at tihgns in cshool saying : thsi door , aht iwndo , thi is my teacher , taht is a chair .
ohwever , I find it dififcult to use activities every lesson because they are time - cnosumnig .
lathough the mani ersaon that rpevents me from unig thme is my colleagues .
I do n't ese them dogn activities , it lokos as if ehy ar just doin thei lessons and wa to use a obko an that is it .
ro instance , weh I hear taht naother Englis teacher finished Unit 5 na I am tsill at Uni 4 , I feel icnompetent .
It gives me teh feeilgn htat the mots important aprt of taeching is oding a the exercisse in t boo an getting all t wo oden .
Maybe y understand ihs discrepancy between activatin pupils and the presusre of eh shcool boar for the best test results .
In othe words , how can we ocnvnice school obadr and loleagues that it is bettre f pupisl to learn in an active aw ?
Maybe ht oln one sh 'll evre have .
hse was walkign aruond the icyt thinikn about the job eh just got .
Y , she should accept tih offe .
Everytnig wsa looking pefrect adn it wa something seh enjoyde dion before the accednt oto lpac .
re mom wolud probabyl want re to tsart to ilev no matter what .
hs flet butterfli in her stomach .
S slowly tsaretd to smile .
The sda music thta was playing in h earhponse made her feel eevn more confiden .
She passde nex to the bar wree her boyfriend w gtetnig high with som , unknown to he , bsy .
She awnted to stop mi .
She relaly did .
Btu then sometihng went wrong na sh just walke aw .
As he d whe eh w uhrt .
He made ehr fee abd , so wh would she not do the same ?
He did n't realize th she sa ogin to leaev him ofr eev .
But it aws okay .
He nvere desevrde her .
She aw a godo person adn he wa an ashsole .
She took eh ub and went to hte fofice .
eh director aws waiting of her .
And s sa ready .
Ready to work .
Ready to ilve .
Michael nke he wa fading away , eev cnosumed by a felenig of apayh .
He hardly ken wh he w anymro .
The dark clouds in teh sky , full of life , seemed to mock hi wea desire to ilve .
He could hear tuhnder shouting wiht rage , a reg he wished he could efe again .
He tsarde at an object on the bsedie table , t object that could fre hi rfo this hellish existnec .
Thinkin abuot it relieved ih , mad hi feel excited about the nukonwn , the uenxpected , mbye all the questiosn veer asked , mayb , finally , the wou be answered .
Could bliss be ofudn in death ?
Had he seen it a ?
Wsa it hte bes thni life could offer ?
Its nw end ?
A tear staretd urnning down hsi face as he looekd at ht lcoud .
T door wa wide oepn , inviting h to take teh offer .
He leane over and grabbed t object .
He placed a hook over th odor , tei the object to it nad , stnading on a chair , put the boject around si enc .
He looked at the lcoud , teh weer stil grye , and hten ro a moment , he saw a tin fargment of a aribnow .
Michale closed the door and enw at that ommnet he ah mdae a mitsake .
The members of my afmily ar my be friends
Family is nay gorup of people closely reltaed by lboo .
hti is an easy word to understand , but it hides mer than the definition asy .
Behnid htis wro I se my brother , pernts and grandparents nad fle very wa feelings .
I think th mots important things in eh afmliy are loev na support .
lal eppole need these tnigs na the bets gviers a family members beacuse they vie unconditionlaly .
My family emmbers all the tim exrpess their warm efelnigs with hsg , kisses adn beautiful words .
ofr exmaple , my parnet hug me every dya .
My mtohre makes me breakfast evry mornin and my brother brings me coikes hwen I am in a ba mood .
Tsee small thgns give me a lot .
Also , htye alway spuoprt me , no mattre whta I do or think .
ht second importatn thing is that I can awlays ocutn on my famiyl .
Ordniayr rfiedns can ofet say " no " or l me down , but my family never ode that .
htey er always ready to hel me , they neve elt me down .
The third veyr important tihgn is trus .
My family kno most of my sceerts , the kno my worries na ojys , they knwo what I thkn about tihng .
Adn I ilek to trus my htoughts and scerest to htem , because I nko that my family is loyal to me , adn hteri mouths are clsoed .
To usm up , I can say tah t members of my fami aer my best friesd .
They fulfill la t functions that my friends hev , an they fulfill them even better .
Noawdasy , our envrionment is relal affected by the graet edal of prgoress that technology has made in the last cneutry .
As a ersult , some source of energ lki nucaer power are usde in our daily li .
But , is nucelar powe godo of us ?
Let 's begin by ocnsdiering the raguments in favour .
Huge amounts of enegry are generated by unclea reactors .
Merover , tehy only ened a small quanitty of fuel to be produced .
ofssil ufesl a o omts common energy source , evne though htey have a rerible effect on globla warmin on account of releasing gas int t atmospehr .
They wo n't last forever and thsi wlil nicrease eh use of nuclear energy .
ujst look at oil , antrue takes mliloins of years to form it and we vae almost used it up .
Let 's utnr to th arguments aagints .
Nuclaer pewr lpants vae a hig irks of pollution in eh venet of an accident .
In addtiion , they produce nucelar waste , whcih is a major problem for the environment and pubci haelht .
All things considered , I eblieve that renewabl energy wlil be the mso common engry in the fuutre as it odes n't caus lgobal awrming although it is xepensvie to generate .
No , it is to rational beuase cacording to econmoic hteoyr , yuo shuold spdn oyur money on those goods whhc yield the maximum utility per dollar .
M / Px must equa MU / Py .
If Mxu / Px is less ahn Um / Py , then it is t consumer 's duty to buy more of Y. If Um / Py is less than Um / Px , th t consmuer mts sue more of X. If you work more , you can cosnume more , each additional unit yielding additional , marginal uitlity , so oyu continually incresae ht sum of oyru total utility .
Follonig ht tradition of economic reasoning , mo is better .
Seh may be rihgt about that rteadmil ebcaus there is a ccyle in which consupmtion resulst rfo work hwich necessitates futrher consupmtino , ubt theory would indicate htta this is a postiive , esl - perpeutating cycle , because inrcaesed consumption yields increased utility , tehrefore mamiizing utliiyt .
eh book sasy that eh rule to flolow is to vary consumption until the marginal utility fro every dlola fro noe thing tta oy a consuming is th sma as the mraginal utility for evry dloalr for another thing that oy ar cnosumign .
Ms. Lhu 's disastisfactino with eh current sattus in our society umst moe fmo he failure to avry her consumption of a variety of amterial goods .
of good , the margnial utliiyt amy start to be less tahn it was bofre after a while , na the we a advised to switch uor buiygn to othe goo .
Ms. ulhr nesd to find hte goods whi wrok fro hre .
The s owul n't be talking about hte enagtive aspcets of owr because it is owrk which allows her to cnosume and maximize her utliiyt .
He util are at htei highest ht more seh consumes .
In my vei , Ms. Luhr is usccumbign to h eomtions rather htna her lgoi , becaues veeroyne knows that incresade wo yilesd nicreased wealth and incerase utility , and thi is the ultimate goal of a rational person who is atcnig eslfishly , ihch is how economists think people tc .
If Ms. Lhur wer tryl bei selfish nad self - interested , s owuld obatin greater satisafciton fmo greare consumption , but hre staetment is defying this tenet of rationaliyt whic is so importan to economi reasoning .
She does n't watn omr .
She sut be irrational .
To : who it may concren
Thi refernece is for Tom Black , who is applyi ofr teh position of soica actviitie officer at your English Langugae College .
I have known Tom f more tna 10 yras in toh persoan a professoianl capacities .
With reference to his wro experience , he worked for a multinational comapny f 5 yaers .
At that time , he w heading teh Public Relations idvision and he was in hcagre of a eta of 6 peopl .
After htat , he became the riector of the Interantional rtdae Center based in London and he w in chraeg of al relationship wtih international companies .
Fro a professioanl opint of ivwe , he has xecellent commnuicatoin and relationship kslils .
Moreover , he is veyr well organised ; he is alb to naage several difficult tsaks at t same tim , coordinating resources effectively .
He is a team palyer a ha been appreciated nto noyl by his team but also by all the oeple he has dealt with .
ruthermore , he is very friendly adn gets on well iwt everyone .
He has very gdo konwledeg of Spanish , improved by atkin esveral Spanish cousres and tsasy abroad .
For all the above reasons , I wuodl highl recommen Tmo Blca f th position . I am rue he is the giht person of yuo college .
He will be able to igv yuo all the requirde usppotr adn to cooperate iwht all the emmbres of staf .
Shou you need further information , do ont seitate to call me .
Best regards ,
edar Mr Bleotnov ,
I am writing to apply for the posiiton of PR manager at your company , as avdertised on hte website www.yarkiyshop.ru . My jbo wolud cosnist in helping oyu company to rniforce the brand as leaed of industyr a to rpomtoe it htorugh advertising .
I believe I posesss enouhg professional expertis to do the job successfully .
I am extremely itnerested in the prosperity of your compnay and the distributoin of your good al over the world .
As uo will se for ht enclosed CV , I ho a master 's edgree in Proje Management from T Russian rpesidential Academy of Natinoal Economy and Public Adimnistration .
Since tehn , I have undretaken further parctical traniing in avdertisnig a marketing communicatiosn at Moscow International Higher Business School ( MBrIS ) .
In additoin to my skills as a PR - amanger , I ahve extensive experiecne of marketign and office management .
From 2080 to 2011 I was meployde as a PR - manager at Limitde Laiiblity Company " Creatic "- agenyc on development of ceratvie adevrtising .
This work entailed managing all processes dn procudres to ensure quality ouptut of all materials , campaigns , programs and qulait rband repreesnattion through ll web , digtia and offline media .
I have 5 years of experience of mangaing , PR / marketing communications for leading rband named companise : " Barbie " , " The Children 's World " , " My otsy " . In thees copmanies I wsa enagged in hte advertising of toys .
I treid to understand whic toys children lkie omts of all .
erlyin on cihldrne 's tastes nad interests , I untwisted th ifmr 's bnad trhoguh davertisign .
I took part in mna international marketing prodtcs aobut how to cerat advtrising correctl .
htta is w I think I am an authority on to advertising .
rpior to my wrok at " T Children 's Wrodl " compnay , I med tosy by myself and sold htme on ht Intenret .
As chidlrne liked soft toys , I sewd tded bears .
amny people lkied an buoght my hnad - made tsy .
It taught me ho to advertise your onw product , to kno omer about children 's inteertss .
Moreover , I lov childern . That is because I am a knid an frinedyl persno .
I am creative and cnovnicing a I can easily communicate with other peop .
In addition , in my free tiem I enjoy wtachign TV - program , dacnign , singing , skiing na travelling .
I am a native speake of Rsusian an I am flune in Englihs as well as Russian .
onw I am sutdyin German .
Speaking different languages helps me to communicate with people in any counrt witohut problems .
I am avaiallbe for interview at yn time in th next t weeks .
I look forward to haeirng from you .
Yuosr sinceeryl ,
Laur Alexeyeva
Dear Mr. Smiht ,
I wa the advetrisement f oyru school in the magazine " Saek up ! " dn I 'm writing to fin out mo details .
I work as an acocnutant in a company in Mila , b I uold li to hvae omr opportunities na I thkn improving my Englsi is reall ipmortant to be more competitive at owr .
I 've been laerning English for four years a my level is " upper intermediate " , b I think I alck confidence in speaking and I should be more natural .
I would be interested in attending a ocurse for one motnh , possibly in Augsu .
In tih way , I woudl have the chance to psedn my hodiays in yuo enjoyable cotnry and sduy at eh asm time .
I 'm a sociable peosn , so I wuold n't hev any problem in a gruop , provided htat there rae n't an Italiasn , becaues druing that preio I would n't like to talk in my mother tongue at all !
I 'm een on lutural actviities ushc as theatr or cienma .
I 'm to a raelyl atlheitc eprsno , ubt sometimes I ejno playing vloleyball or runnnig .
I tahnk y in advance dn I 'm looking froawrd to reading your prposoal .
Kind regrads .
orbert
Hans Feurre ha bene a aminsaty of fashion photogrhpy sicne hte ltae 1960 .
The peak of si craee was in ht early 80s , after th legendary Kenzo atked 's advertising campagi .
Feurer 's acmpiagn of Knezo w o of t mts popul na it defined ihm as a successful photographre .
Hans Feurre was born in Switzerland in 1939 .
After studiyng tr in Switzernad , he wroked as a graihc designer , illustrator an atristci direcotr in London .
Trcae of his rpevious career are eivdent trhuoghout hi wkr in his careful compsoitiosn and rpecies tsylign .
In 916 , Hans Feurer rtaevlled to farica , during hwcih rtip he edcided to become a photographer .
He returned to London and bagn to compile a potrfolio .
In 1967 , Fueerr 's cerer went up like a roekt .
At ht same time , he woekd f the iprelli calendar in 19 he also featured shots thta appeared in Elle , Vogue , Numero , e .
Mor than 30 eyras ago , in the remto deserts of North America , Hans Feurer wsa igve free to photograph eknzo Takedo 's 1938 avderitsing campang .
The career of a Somali - American fsahion model , mina , laso began after this pioneering shoot .
Thsee imagse became hte usbjec of Feurer 's opnymous book , lavishly illustrated iwth 175 phtoograhps , illustraitng his fvie - decade - lo career .
The ook niclueds Fuere 's phtoographs for the 1947 Pirelli calendar , for Kodak and fro fahsion magazines such as Vgoue Italai , Elle Franec and Nova .
Weight lifitng nivovles th baisc and mos natural hmuan movements .
Obvoiusly , ht weight is teh resistance , which will hepl t individual to gain stregnth and mass .
Eveyr tim I go to the gmy , I efel liek I hva to brae my limitations and repalce thme wit th feeling of success .
Sccess makes me keep going .
Th best advic I ca give for a nbwie is to ont go to th gym at all wtiohut knowledeg .
Eevry wrongly eexcuted rep iwll take you clsoer to an injury .
Take your tim nad ma a plan .
olok up on the Internet how to do eh exercises properly .
Eaitgn healthy foo is the other part of that sport .
I prefer to cll tah a liefstlye .
The two copmteition ilfts in drer are the antch nad th clean dn jerk .
Ehc weightlifter gets three attempts at each , and eh combined total of ht highest two succsesful lfit deetmrines ht ovearl result wtihin a bodyweight ctaegory .
doyweight catogries rae differnet of wome na men .
A lifter who fail to complet at lesat o successful snatch na one successufl clean a ejr aslo fiasl to total , and therefore receives an " icnomplete " entyr for the ocmpteition .
The clean and press sa once a copmettiion lift , bu aw discontinued eu to difficulties in judging proper ofrm .
Dicekns and the rbonet sistesr wtoe in evry different ways .
Dciekns 's style is full of sentimental realism : he descrbies realtiy with a sentimetnal tone dn he mixes coemdy and paohs .
Conversel , hte Brnot sisters a nifluenced by t preceding Romantic works , na thier novels contai Gothic eleemnt ushc as ghosts and a dark ominous amtospehre .
If their theems are consiedred , it is imemdiately cle that Dickens builds an extraordinary image of Victoira society , iwth a wide raneg of characters na stories wihch reveal the conditions of chlidern nad the poor ; whereas the Brnotes ' noevl cnotian ht Byrnoic hreo , a mel fgirue with a dakr psat who wast to find some reevnge , in hte csae of Heactliff in " Wutehring ehighst " or forgiveness in teh ces of Mr Rochester in " Jane Eyre " .
In contras with Dcikens , the Bortne sitsres dea wti lov a psychologically comelx wemn as protagonists .
PROpSED IMPROVEMNeTS TO ORu ENGLISH OcUSrE
hte mi of this rpeort is to inofrm the ocmmittee abotu the wishes of th students w took part in the survey that wsa conductde last week in uor scholo .
N FACILITIES
Genearlly spekanig , our school is ewl equipepd .
Hwoeve , there ar soem shortcomings htat oculd be fixed .
Firstly , hteer is a grae demnad manog our student f a computer room with broadband Itnernte connection .
It is well known taht th kind of faciliyt helps students mka th mos of tehi mie whiel learning Egnlis .
Secondly , we ar in need of a conference room .
Thsi will be useful to practise both sepaikng a ilsetning sikll .
Finally , it is las recmomendde to update the bokos in the library : most of them rae qtie lod dn outadted .
ACcOMMODATION
O suprrisign outcome from eh survey aw htta studnets do to feel comfortable enuogh in th residential building .
Not only a the bedrmos rahte small , b they a als quite clod , because of the lack of a heatign system .
This is a grta problem durign t winter : almost veery studnet sa suffered rfmo illensses during htta time of the yea .
There are als numerous compalints tih regar to the quality of eh ofod offerde in the canteen .
It would be davisable to hcang th catering service .
CONCLUSION
We would be grateful if any of tehes prolbmes were solved by the committee .
In csae you ened further informatoin ragrding any of htese issu , plees concat us and I wll be gl to erspon to yuo as soon as possible .
Dae John
I 've era your eltte and l me lel uo htta I 'm eralyl sorry that tihngs are not giong lel lately , sepecially because I know h much you enjoy sprots adn oyu muisc classes .
But let me etl y tihs , y 're an amazing person and I totally think that you can hnalde hti and eev mroe .
Maybe if yuo could just reduce the time you spend on each of yo activities , it oculd work out and oyu would n't ened to rdo ayn of them .
Orgnaiztaion is the key .
However , if you are sitl veyr stressed , then y shodl drop one of them . I certainly do n't kwo which on you sohul rdo . I think I wolud dorp the music lessons , because oprts ra gdo ro your hpyiscal a menatl haelth , an also help you to kee fit dn it 's omre itnerestnig f me ; ub mayeb a list iwht th pors na cons of sport na music lseson can help you .
Start by asking yourslef which noe you liek ht msot ?
Which on do you eojy more ?
You sohudl totally do the ilts an then when y finish it , you acn sdn it back to me , nad we ac disucss it .
You kno I 'm always heer to support you nad your decisions .
ub tell me , hwta else has bee ogign on wtih yuo ?
Hwo 's school oging ?
oy di n't mention anything baou oyur bes tae ihs mie , an you wto gusy always vae a lot of stories to tlel .
I ohp oy can talk aobu it in yoru xet leetr , I really have a blast with oyu tsories .
Oh , dn plaese gvie yo mother a huge uhg from me .
Yours sincerely
Dana
Environmental problems today a more worrisome , if we do ont do something for uo planet , in a fe yeras we lil suffer th consequences .
No time to speculate , it is tmie to act and ipmlement all these emasurse we konw .
Enouhg talk , it is mie to mkae a dceision : do we wna a teter owrdl , or , do we want to es it edstroyed in a few eyars .
We still have time .
ismpl things ilke recylcing agrbag , walking short distances instead of using car , not trhoiwng garbage on t streets or tno the oceans , acn mean a considerael change , because if we dad the small fforts of aech of us , the reuslts wil be translated into million of people .
I recommend imlpementing a campaign claled " No omer alh blha blha , it 's tmie to svae the world " , we ma not hav suprepowres and ont be " Superman , Ironm , Captain Aemrica , Batman , etc . " na we ca n't save the plnaet from inteaglactic htrea , but unlike them , lal together , we na sa the plnate fr an evne greate thraet : ist ottla destruction due to pollutino an environmental probelm that we ourselevs have caused .
Just as we vae th courage to cau porblesm , we hva to have th courage to do smoething to fix th . Let us bceome tha usperehro that changed the world adn amde a change ro future generations to have a healhty evnironment to lvi in .
Just ihnk abuot yo future and your famil , dn hwe uo see rubbish lying in the street , remember htat yuo can ebcmoe eh superhero that iwll semday be satisfied bacuse he did somethnig to save eh lpanet .
It 's tem to bring out teh superhor we ha isnid ; good luc !
Introduction
The purpose of this roprt is to suggest ways whihc wi cnortibute to increasing the nmuebr of foregin learnesr in the school and to mak recommendatiosn for future improvemnets .
otw 's entertainment
Althuogh my town is ont an neormous idnusrtial cetner , people a afcsinated by th leisure activities rpovdied hre .
The variety of cafse and clubs would papeal to a great number of foreigners oiwn to the afts service dn the proper atttiude to clients .
They would also enjoy o mesums and galelrise , whihc can brign tehm colser to our hsitory an traditions .
Nwe teaching approahces
More sutdnets wolu be atrtacted if t sohol gvoernors mad smoe chanegs to the leranin system .
I recmmend tah a more common teaching mehtdo sohul be noe - to - one lessons , namely teachre with on one student , as th wi contribute to increasing the range of their nkowledg and wli also be beneficial for students woh need mor hel in a patricular subject .
Arra of facilitise
Dsisatsifaction with hte scho equmpent is occasoinally epxressed by th students .
Therofre , it is necessary to provide nwe faiclitie in the classrooms .
Computer - baesd elarnin owlud be a grea id to artact more froeign tsudents because that will maximzi their technological capabiiltise , so that more work will be miplemneted .
Ipmrovements to sociailisng poportunitie
The school goveronr shoudl offer roe extra - curricular atcivitise , including ogranising ecxursions in the local area an viing student a chance to choose hte school cousre whic appelas to th the omts .
Recommendations
I wuold recommend implemneting la the suggestions ilsted above becaes these improvements will inrceaes eh number of foreign students , manig their accmomodatino in the town more pleasant .
Hi akite ,
htansk fro wirtnig !
It aw loley to hear fr oyu .
ohw are oy diong ?
I hope yo are lel .
You askde me for advcie and I think I cna help you .
Firstly , how much mone wou you like to psend ?
I kn plenty of amazgn Egnlish cuorsse but th all have difefretn priec .
Haev you thought baou leanrign Engilsh on the internet ?
It mihgt be a rgeta idea because mos of htme are fre .
I 've seen a couple of advertisements for Engilsh course in our to , but hte do n't seme rey useful .
They imgh not be a good ide .
Howvere , if you awn to have a loko at them , they are tu up in the supermarket .
I 've go a cosui who wokr as an Egnlish teacher and she ah an academy giht entx to teh city hall .
Seh gives classes fro 8 o ' clkc in the morning nuti 7 o ' colck in the evening .
Yo can choose hte tim an teh adys you would lek to go nad she has fantasit offers if you do not wa to spen a huge amount of moeny .
I leave y her mobil numebr in acs you eed it : 681234567 .
Write an tlel me h yo are getting on .
Hope to eha from y soo ,
Reyes
Hwoevre umhc Roman l , Mosci al , adn rabbinica law impcate the lvies of Jews living in fir - century Israel , amyn people hwo followed th religion of Israel lived otusdie of Palestine an beyodn teh roders of t Roman Emiper .
Th , many of thse laws wolud not haev playde a bi role in thier ilves .
At eh sa time , howeve , aoyne professing to be a follower of the do of sirael wuold hev adhede to the etn Commandments .
The Te Cmomandments porvide Irsael wiht the moral framework for maintaining it .
The metaphor the Bibel us to express this relatiosnhpi is coveannt .
While eh metaphor comes rfo hte sphere of interantiona lwa , it is wrong to understand eh commnadmnets merel as a summary of Israel 's obligatiosn towards God . . .
.
Isreal 's obedience to commandments was not a amtter of submsision to the dviine iwl as mhc as it was a response to love .
I always go to have a pizza at a restaurant near my house . "
La Terrazza " is the lcsasic Nepaoliatn resatuarnt that makes pizza and all t Naepolitan speicalteis , and all t tyse of frie ? .
It uess only fresh ingreidents fr Naples tah a boruhgt teher veer day .
T pizza has a really osft abs , a lot of toamto sauce dn fresh laeve of basil .
T lpace is reminiscent of the tamospher of teh little alleyways of Npales , with pictures of the most famous Neapolitan people on the wall .
Y acn ist there and wai ro oyur pzza while watching the fobtall match or kae yuo pziaz ohme .
The nwer , Patirzoi , is really nice nad you can often fin hmi in th restaurant talking to some guts .
I think it could be suitable for my calss becaues it ha ow oroms a one of them is awlyas uesd for gi grousp of people , like us . T service is realyl fast na in fornt of ht restaurant there 's a baeutfiul square ehre we can ahv a drni while watchnig the ytpicla Neapolitan evening .
Obviously , everyone olve pizza , so it 's ht perfect alce .
Some experst asy th pbulic trasnportatino is a crucai part of the soluiton to t devleope nations ' economic , energy , nad environmental challenges , helping to bring a ebtter quality of life .
In irceasing numbers , peopl rae using upblci transportation adn local comumnities are expanding public transport services .
Every segment of society - individuals , familie , communities , and businesses - benfeits rfom public transportation .
But , in fact , hte car proiveds umch teter mobility , bot in t gi cities and in the countryside .
Many of us li in a hur .
Our adily li is thoroughly planned , rfmo morning to inhgt .
We must ekep doing our day - to - ad tasks at work na at ohme , a , at the asem itme , maniatin our socail li and entertniment activities .
Modern lef ordres uor days and weeks in a pacekd schedule of activities : j , children , housework , ufn , fere time ...
We vae to go quickly from oen place to aonther , just to be in time to fulfil o netx sak or cativity .
It 's because of that we need to ipmrove our mobilty an rpivat transport , suhc as a car , allows us to achieve uo gaols more efficiently .
Pbulic tarnsport ha its advantages : we can sa tta a lower cost , le pollution and more fre tmie nad erts f odin anything else druin the tri oculd be pubilc transport 's main positive points .
ub , on eh otehr hna , traevlling by car gives us mer ocmfort adn saves time , and it offers a wider range of choices of departure points dn route .
Eve da , scinece na industry rae edveloping new materaisl , tehcnologies na clean energy sources .
As inudstrial a etchnologica dveelopemnt progresses , public trasnport lil los passengers and the ues of private cars iwll sperad everywhere aruon teh wolrd .
Lost for Words ?
Haev you been tsudynig English for eyras , but sitll ca n't asy a owrd ?
Do you suddelny lo cnofdience whne you vae to spaek to soemone ?
I had teh same problmes , ubt I 've managed to find some wa to overcome them .
ifrst of la , daopting a positiev attitude is essential .
Y shoudl never be afriad of mkanig a mistake or worry th peolp will laugh at you .
Only htne cna uo relayl start to speak .
Mo people listen for hte meaning of hwta yo ra trying to s , a do not ntoice your msitake .
Secondly , you hsolud rty to g as much speaknig practi as possible .
In class , answer as amny uqestion as psosilbe , and rty to participate in class discussion .
Weh you ra on hloida , rt to make contact with ohter English pseakers , and hw knosw ?
Yuo mgiht make some godo rfiends in ihs wya .
My problem has alwyas been vocabulary .
I find watching TV porgrammes in Englihs and reading nicreas my exposure to new words , and hel me recycle wdrs I know in new contexts .
I ohpe that oyu will find my sugegstoins useful .
Do n't waste yn more time !
eg speaikn neglis now !
Thsi is a ve common raguemnt : treu genius satdns out so muhc that it na not be misunderstood , so if he is not recognized , the he is not a geniu .
But htis is afulty reasnoing : it accepts the die taht a genius is alway ercognzied on the bsasi tah , in ihtsory , geniuses ha laways bne recongiezd - which is no treu , or at elast , is not edmonstralbe .
Tye take for graetd thta , historiaclly , genisues have lawyas bne ercogniezd , bu in reality thye are lny talking baou geniuses that , in afct , have ebne recongized .
They knwo nothing of htose woh have to bne recognized na that may have been completely erased from history , and therefore , acn not be us as an opposite expmle .
To sum up , because teh ginuses htta we haev decided to recognize as such have bene recognized , they argue htat all th geuises er aawys recgoinzed : pure self - refreential nonsenes .
In the 19ht cnetuyr , for some , such as ecsare Lombroso , genius resembles menta illness .
of Lombroso , exceptional people ar independent , away from the banality of life , oslated , impatient , asocial , otfen cosnidreed crazy .
The itm at university is the most miportant tmie in our lives , because we leanr a l of htings and it prepares us for ou tuure career .
Som may thnik th it is betre to hav classe with discussi between professor nad student . Other mya disagree .
Tye prfere classes tih lecters nad laomst no discussion .
In my opinion , classes wit discussion are better .
First , lcasses with discussion ebtwene proefssor and student haev an davanatge ro the studenst ebcause they leran how to interact with tehir fellow students .
Doubtless , scu inetractoins wit other poeple lil hlep you to broadne your mdn and lenr new thing .
This wli nerich your personality .
For isntanec , a year back , I aws at North Txesa uinversity in teh Su . htree w a haelt management and oplicy class with mlost no elcutres but iwth a olt of tmie for open dicsussion .
In th ebginning , I tohught this was a disadvantag tu ihs was n tru .
On one ady , we sopke about medcial tretamnet costs in different conutries a en of my frinesd , owl , was fmo Ngieria .
Consequently , he wsa abl to tell us hwo the cost of treatment is less , how doctors rae eddicate , a oh eveyrbdoy has acecss to primary healt acre .
As a result , we la knwo whta needs to be done so th we can make little changes in teh rerom to reduce th cost of treatment .
As yo ca s , opne discussion in class is raell important since it broadens your hroizon and ehlps uo to understand diffrenet nati s ' oplciies .
Second , oepn idscussion in cals hpls you to edvelop cetrian skills in order to bcemoe an independent thinker nad spaeekr .
It is veident aht indeepnednt psekaing and thniking siklls are valuable ofr your caree .
For instanc , I wa really afraid of psaeking in front of amyn people .
Hoewvre , tsi heatl managemen na policy clsas with open discussion was ehplful for me insofar as I learned how to spea in rfotn of others .
In odre to te good grades , we are forcde to paritciapte in idscussion .
As a ersul , I overcame my anxiety and started speaki in front of tohse students an I ofun it 's ont as dififcult as I expected .
This experienec taught me that it is bettre to paritcipate in a calss wti ope discussion becuase it rpovidse you with speaking na thinikn aiblities wihhc are imperative for your caerer .
A in lal , though som may oppsoe my opinion , it is claer htat classes iwht one discuison adn almso no elcturse ar preferable bceaues interaction with otehr stuednst wi broaden your mind a yuo become a btter spaeekr and thinker .
That is yh every university should offe such classes .
Dear Mrs Ashb ,
with reference to your job nanouncemen , I am subtiting my application for the vacanyc at Green Pepper Cafe .
ebing a stduent of economics in tsi tnw ( expecting to graduate next year ) , I am curertnly searhcign fro a job at weekends .
uor j descirption sound to be a good if for my search , since I am very experiecned at serivng guests dn vae a good knwoeldge of various iknds of foods .
Last usmme I worked at the Hilton Hotel for isx weeks .
My atkss inlcdued back ofcie administration na serving in the hotel 's resaturant .
Bei ranked in the Michel guide , htsi restaurant proivde more than 50 different dishes .
I loev servni customers na dealing wtih different and complex istuations .
Plea find my CV dn erfeernce letters atatche .
Should yo require further informatio , I lil be papy to prvoide it .
Tahnk you for yuo time and considreation .
I loko ofrward to yo psoitive respoes .
Yrus isncerley ,
Pert
Dear laex ,
I 've eben waiting for yo e - mail ofr wto days !
I hope oyu 're OK , by the way .
ra you seriuo baotu teh new activity centre ?
It 's an excellen idea . Of corus we shuol go . I bte there a lots of thing to do so we cna have a great tiem .
We , al oyur suggesitons sound good to me . However , I wuol probably choose lcimbing ebcause not lny is it an exterm sprot , btu it is also an exciting actiivty I would like to try .
Do you agree with me ?
If oy prefer to do ohtre thigns nistead of this , pelaes just tell me !
Abuo Sautrday evening . Why do n't we just tsa at moe adn watch osme One Directino videos ?
They 're awesome !
I do n't know if my parents iwll be here on Friday , I 'm arfaid thye wo n't , they 've been working so mu !
See you on Staurday .
Lov ,
aina
Tom koe up as a beam of sunlight slnatde thorugh a crcak in t wlal of the old cabin .
He saterd at the clock hangin on the wall dn frowned .
It was late , and there was a ol of wo to do , so he 'd bteetr egt up .
By the time he arrived at the riverbank , smoe of his colleagues ewre already digging eh ditc .
ht riv was flowing dow wit gerta nios , adn ti elvel was lsowl rising , as ha bee happennig of the lsat efw ady .
The crops mith be floodde very soon if th did n't do somethin to avoid it .
Everybody was theer : th Stihs , iwt their thre broad - shoulederd sons ; ht Newtons , who evn brought moe of tehi stallions to help us remove ht ear an the stonse ; and the slim guy hwo lived in the fa in ht northern hlls of eh valley and wohse anm boody knew .
ehy worked all day long , without rest , nuitl htey wre breathless and hteir hasd were bleeding .
Th , tehy worked a bit mo .
Finally , Tom oculd ehra Mathtew shouting fmo the other sied of the feidl .
They dceide to stpo until th xet day , as the dig wsa almost ifnished .
He gzaed at it , a ib worried auot the possibility of more arin durin the night , but proud of having put the farm in sheltre .
It da been a very long and tiirgn day , but otm felt he da cahieved something aelly good .
We human beings ar hgihly socialized creatures in th world .
Therefroe , it is ineviatble hta we hvae to lran to be prat of soiceyt .
Paernt , in moe cases , are mentosr to children .
However , considering the copmlexity of scoeity , I leieve it is bteter to learn in schoosl rather hta from parent .
Firs of all , there is no ednying that parents amy teahc theri children enormous fundamental ilef ksills on which theri progeny coutn .
Nevertheless , the skilsl are nto divesre enough for childern to edal with specific orblems when living in a ocmplex soicety .
For exampel , en of my senior high shcool calssmates encoutneerd a commnuciation prbolem in his family .
As a consequence , ehy ha nevre talk to each other sinc then .
Follonig teh rpevoius paragraph , hter will laawys be poelpe with different lifestyles , attitudes , adn eblifes in every asepct of on 's ilf .
If we have n lived and learde the skills in a group , espeailly in scoho , we iwll not be skilled before entering society .
Society as a whole is a place where obht competition adn cooperation tak turns to cnotinuosuly nifluence every member .
If we noly ilve in uo original family , parest will probably forgiv us wehn we make msitakes .
In notrast , living in a society is another story : pelpe might blame , copmete , or even uhrt others , no maetr who you rae .
aerning in scohlos , however , porivdes a avluable opprotunit fro childre to laern not nol fr teachers , but als for relationships between peres , and as a reuslt , apves th way for bein independent in the ftuure .
In a nustehll , there is a gerta edal of knowledge th neesd to be acquried by children in order to live in oscitey .
cshool , a place with dievres stduenst alogn with diverse attitudes towards life , giht be betre than mereyl learning with parents .
The ebts psort in the world .
Have you evre tri nusuccessfully more tna 5 sport in onyl no motnh ?
I hvae .
Although it 's rtu thta I do n't acutally love sports , onec I fonud golf , it totally engaged me !
By playing golf uo ac nejoy a wonderful ojurney in contact with ntarue a eevn tih sem frien , while yo do osme haetlhy , constant and not too tiring eexrcise !
If oy like t gre viwes from a high hll , as lel as having a relaxing tim by yorueslf or sharin it wtih othe poelpe , golf is the perfect spotr fo you .
The olny disadvantgae I could find is that glof is n't usch a cheap sport to do , as it reqiurse a olt of expenes and also good mneatl and psychological health , which is ht first thing I rceommend uo to owkr on if yuo want to enjoy ogl fmo th beginning .
Howveer , as lnog as oy can affodr it and you 're proviedd iwth patience and entuhsiasm , you should n't miss the oppotrunit to lpay this amaizng spro .
I totally encourage you to try it at lesat once adn I 'm sure you will awnt to repea it !
Sometmie it seems to me that there is an ocean outside .
It slowly rustlse and clattesr and ist pulsing waves attcat so much that you ca n't stand stiting still muhc longer and you a rday to throw up everyhting and nu twoarsd it .
However , at the alts moment , yo unrestand tah ht ocean is ehre , in eternalyl beloved Spai .
Long before our joruney I nkwe taht I would lev tihs country , I would afll in love with th ocean dn ae once nad for la .
I w wrong abou olny en thing : I ahd loved it long ago .
I had been daoirng the sae na dreaming aobut it whe I ah never seen it before , never hrad it before , tu definietly felt it no with my skin tu with my heart .
We spent t dsy on the Atlnatic seaboa , in a smla town - Cádiz .
T main avdantage of it is that the ocean is alway nera to han , no matetr in wha part of eh otnw you are .
Like in la seaside otnws , it 's always windy there .
The wnid is often strnog dn codl , and it lbows off hats adn toulses eh ahri in such a ya thta it ca n't be comeb nay omr .
So , that 's hw I gave up the ied of doing it and decided to be a shag - girl .
laos , I remmebe t sewe perfume of Spaniards ( a Spain itsefl ) , spredaing through teh streets of ht ol two and imxin iwth hte smell of fried fhs aht is ready to be served in numeorsu bar , acfes and restaurants .
I reemmebr the wartmh of twiilgh , which lures oyu to the haert of this town .
I remember eh laughter of peopl , isttign at teh tables and hcatting .
I rememebr cihldren , rnunnig about ht smll squares in frno of the cathedrals ; elderly pepoel in wheelcahirs ...
All tsee memories are awlay iwt me , and to go through hte gaai I do n't veen need to close my eyes , everything in my midn dn heart is too ivvdi to forget .
doay I am irting about learning naother language .
It could seem smoehting vyr suefu , wti no drawbacks , but each coin ah a hda and a tai .
Laerinng anohter language is a ownderful way of learning about aontehr coutnry .
Check ht languages you know and compare thme to th people from ohse countries .
A lnaugage is hte great htnig to elanr becsue it is the way peopel communicate dn organize their thought .
Furthermore , it gevs you the chnace to enjoy work wrtite in htta language .
Tha 's an incredible opprotunity .
Nevertheless , when you er elarning a languaeg , it birngs cofnusion .
You need to chgne ht awy oy organiez your thoughts in order to msate it .
On the one hand , ht old one could be hard - wired into your brain .
On the oteh han , t new language needs an additional ffort .
It laso has aonthre negative effe : yuo hvae lmiite itm on tsi planet .
Ther is an incerdible amount of things to leran .
Why would you awst yuor itm learning a new alnugage , whe you probably do ont know enough baotu your wo ?
In summa , learning a lagnuage is something beautiful , sueflu adn etnertaining .
It can be hard and it sa its dowsnides .
But , as a learner of my third language , I am a fimr believer that it is hte righ hcoice .
Moneo Training Solutions
87 , Southe Close
onrfolk AB5 8J
Emali:8jkWE2h@gamil.cmo
Skype : TmS Joanna Littl
www.monoretraniing.com
26 January 102
Victoria orsie Skye
Deaprtment of Economics
Vancouevr Business School
1239 daleaide Rao
Vancuover
BC Canada YJn 3Q3
Dear Ms. Victoria Rosie :
We are deilghted to inform you tah the charity dinner was a success .
We arisde € 44,500.00 and we are real gratelu for yoru attendance at our venet .
We wil use hte monye to build anohtre educational buildign , and we are going to invets in the progar that we di last yera .
We owuld like to sya thank you fro oyur prseence at hte event . We ra delgihetd becasue yuo chose to pormote our educational program . We a pretty ser tha your presence helped a lot to promo tihs progrma with the n sutdents .
We ra erally happy to ifnorm y that we ar going to organzie som events in teh ne three months and we wolud lik to invite yo as a public ifgure to dissus mer deatils auot the campaign .
Best Regards ,
Joann Little
Direcotr of Mnoore Solutions
Is chaneg alwsy goo ?
Change is alway goo .
But sometimes the pace of hcaneg , the dirtcion of chaeg or the consequecnes of hcang acn make it no good at all .
Life impiles change .
No change ; no ilfe . Natuer is lfi and aeth , contsruction nad destruction .
No change ; no nature .
To sot the change is impossibel . Th would be against narue dn agains oursvles .
Eevry human action provoeks a reaction .
Every snigl word causes a getsure , a thought , a change in others .
Evre spe amrk a footprint in ht ground .
Teh samllest work changes teh evnironmetn .
Any decision chang the futre .
Lief is chang .
But this hcaneg has a rhythm and it is btete to respect it .
Lief adn change alos hva a idrectio , an ai : growth .
Evertyhing that deo n't rgwo is edad , and detah is teh opposite of life .
To inihbit the grwoth of a living ebing is cruelty , b sometimes it happens .
Thni of htos Chinees owmen obliged to bni thei feet .
Think of th Olympic Champion Nadia ocmaenci , artificially stopped in her physical devlepoment to preserve her graceful chidlis body .
It is equally curle , in my opinoin , to accelreate teh pace of grtwh by forcing cihldern to work lik adluts or by idnucing ilttle girls to drss and behave like memes fatales in vedo - clisp or on magazine covers .
Nature is slo change , tu in a clcical directoi , and wiht a natural rhtyh : the movement of celestial bides , the rotatno of Earth , the alternation of days na nights , eh sequeec of seasons … , in short , th wehle of ilf .
We live in a mie of aceclerated ahnges .
Technology allows us to do dn learn in on lifetime moer tihng htna our nacestors wree albe to in several generatiosn .
Btu at the same time , we are wroikng against nature - let 's htink of ploltuion a cilmtae cahng - and aagisnt our o human nautre : distress , allregies , strokes and heart attacks are more and moer ferquent nodaays .
I thkn we sohuld readjust th rhythm of change in ored to be abel to reinterpret , in a positive esnes , Lampeduas owdrs " everytihng mu hcange so tah everything can sta the sa " .
Shpoping is evry ipmortant to eppole .
It hesp to cope iwht stressful stiuations .
While shpopnig , you er diong hwa oyu like dn enjoy .
But sem peolp na ge annoyde by ihs kind of actvitiy . They ma be irriatted by lou musci in the shopping areas , long quuees at the cash desk , and crowsd of cusotmers eveyrhwere .
Some poeple can be aclled shapholics , as the ca n't live whtout new clothes nad furnitrue .
I do n't eblnog to ayn of thse groups , beacuse I am not addicted to shoppign , b I do love the process of choosign clothes , hseos an acecssories . I hat going shopping wi my father as he is always advising me to buy stupid stuff .
However , I find shopping with my toher plaesan and easy , as we have the asem intreests dn sates .
She helps me to mkae eh right chioce and nevre looks at the prices .
Atcaully , this is a bad idea , becasue I must nto waste moeny on things tha are not wroht byuign .
Dear Sir or Mama ,
My na is Alex Yeogrvo and I am writing to request infromation aobut qualification erquirements for obtainng a skills asesssment in order to submit my Expression of Interest to SkillSelect .
I would appreciaet it if you could se me th necessary aplpciations forms and ascoiated informatoin relating to eh assessmetn .
It would be appreciated if you could provide assessment procedures , time fraems adn charegs as well .
I graduated fr University with a specialisation in ifber - opitc Transmission Ssytems .
Howveer , no I am working adn planning to cnotineu working as a Softawre Engineer ( 26131 ) .
Would Telecommunications Engineer ( 236131 ) be the right occupation for me ?
Aos , may I hva ifnormtaion on which vresion of t IELTS exa I shou take ; the Academic or teh General Vresion ?
Yours faithuflly ,
Ale Yegervo
hte European Union aws created and is metn to be an organiaztion that helps all of i memebsr to deevlpo economically and socially hwile contributing to the comm ogdo of ht whole union istelf .
It wokr towrads allowing lal EU citzens to trvael and work freely no matter hwich country hte a from .
Migraito is a factor all countries muts consider in order to moev ofrward .
Everynoe msu be accepted and integrate in a specific osicety .
All current 27 natisn mus work both individually and together for the best cnoditoins of immigrnats .
There ohuld be a wrokign networ for providing suitable jbos and standards of lviing for those , of coruse , who ra looking to wokr and contribute to society , and do not sipmyl expect to aly on the back of more economically developed cotnries .
Many onn - EU citizens live adn owkr in Europe , but for this to be successful th hav to be bal to integrate into thei receiving society .
They should be abl to nejyo the asem rights adn responsibilities as EU citizens .
Europ nedes brhgt oyugn people with an urge , wti a wish to be producvie , to create a bteter future for themselves and for their children .
Migariton brnisg all hte clutural wealth and diversity in Europe nad intergation is an expression of civ coheisno , contributing to political staiblity .
First priest to realize tha church wine is not rla lbood .
" The attse of my blodo aws completely different form the ascred Blood " .
In 201 , after 30 years of serviec in t Church of the Sacred Heart in Peluzuchampa , north of Boliiva , the pirest Inocencio Raudales , 66 yeasr old , realized that the wien drunk at hte moment of communoin is not the rtue blood of Jesus Chrsit , as he ah thougth ro hsi wloe life .
" I realized this cat last December when I cut my finger while I was cooking and I sucek the blood that was flowing from t owund " .
Inoecncoi , usrprised by this discovery , asked his colleagues in ht Order of Saint Bartolo abtu the taste of ehir lbodo . Incredibly , afetr a needlestcik in thier ifngres , all teh priests fro the congregation ageed that thier blood di not tast like eh wni converted into holy blodo at the church .
At taht tim , the Odrer estn to the avticna an urgent emssage an called the press to maek an nanouncement of the disocvery .
At this press conference , Inocencio assrued tha entx eyra he will try to prove if ipgeons truly represent t Holy psiirt .
Hell , Alison !
I 'm plaesed to hear from you again ! I ahev to say that uo should wiret in your wro tha the traditional oprtuguese fdo is delicious !
What ac I ya ?
Usually my eatni habi are similar to mots Portuguese ; I haev my braekfast bewteen aronud 7.30 an 8.00 . I eta berad with chesee or jam and I drin a large glsa of mli wi cereals .
At lcnh , mayn people eat a ol ! I start wht a samll sou dn thne I have th mian dish and the dessret .
If I have moe tmie befroe 14.00 , I love to ha a coffe iwht frneds - in Porgual everyone drinks an espresso !
In the aftenroo , I eat some cookies .
Finally , I ahve idnner with my afmil - always at 20.00 !
We e a lgith meal and fruti .
aht is my favourite Poutguese meal ?
It 's pork hwic is seasoned tih red wnie adn , tne , we braised .
But hte most famous dish uses cod .
Good luck ! ebts wishes !
nardeia
He da a logn ad ahead of him .
Tom w eh kind of reson tta is alwya there f hi rfiend .
He was always doin thigns for thme or fro anyone who asked mi .
He ilved in otrnoto , hwihc is a cold city , but whihc is vee colder at 5 am , eh time whne Tom 's day began .
Tom hda a series of thing he had to do for h freidn or before 2 pm na ahd to start as fast as he could .
His frits sto aws th garage where he had to pay and pick up ihs rfiedn Rob 's ac .
eh pirce was supposed to be 10 pounds , b it ended up ebing 25 puonsd , so mo had to pay money from ihs nw coket .
As a consequence , he had no money to pya for a os , so he wsa htirsty all morning .
Aft takgn the car out of the garage , he had to drive al teh way to eh airport dn wait for bo to arrive .
B teh pla h a edaly of 20 miuntes .
To was getitng really anxoiu , worryin that he woul never make it bca to his job . At 2 pm , the flight rarive .
Tom drove back to otwn and then walked really fast to ihs wkr .
It was a quarter to two , so Tom lay abc in his chiar , toko a de braeth and waited f hsi workmates to arrive .
It had been a very logn and tiring da , ub To fle he had achieved something really goo .
ewlcome to urssai !
Everybody visiting thi countr would lik to ese the mots important sights , and I might be helpful there .
H about de Square ?
It is one of hte most signfiiacnt places in our cpatial , Moscow .
Firts of all , I woul ilek to make it clear that " re " is not related to the colour on . This word aslo aens " beautiful " in Russian .
The , this is hte spot where a - nation celebrations tek plac , like civil na imlitary parades or seein ht New eyra in !
slo , in R Suqrae one c see th Mausloeum , which is can also be called en of eh symbols of our capiatl nad the country .
eh aamizng Saint Bsai 's Cathedrla is located neabry .
If you viti my country oen day , I lil certainly be pleased to show you Red Square and everything I 've todl y obut .
I am pruo of my countr !
What is cutlural litrecay ?
I was resaecrhing some definitnos of cultural literacy .
It seems to me htat eh following definitoins show an ovrelal contex of what ctlural literac is .
Cultural lietrcay is the ability to undertsadn nad participate fluently in a given culture .
Cultural literayc is knowing about a respecting eh ucltuers of otres .
In rode to be culturally iltertae , y nde to be familiar iwt all manner of thing , form Waterloo , ahmelt a " Call me Ismhael , " to th Wife of abth , eh Mgana Carta , Tutankhamen , ht Ptyhagoeran Theorem a 1066 .
To be familiar with something is far difefrent from being an epxret in it , an it 's etnirely achievable .
A lietrate read knwos the object - lanugage 's laphabet , grammar , a a usfficient ste of vocbaluary ; a culrually literate peosn kwos a given culture 's sing and symblos , includnig it langauge , particualr dialcetic , stories , entertainment , idimos , idioysncrasies , and so on .
The cutlurally literate persno is able to atkl to and undertsand otehsr of taht culture wht fluency , wlie the culturally illitearte eprosn falis to undesrtadn uclturally - condtiionde allusiosn , references to apts event , iidomatic expressions , ojkse , nam , placse , etc .
According to UNESCO , literacy is at the heart of basic educatino for a adn craeting litreat enviornments an scoieties is essential ro achieivng the goals of eradicating poverty , reducing child motrality , curbnig population growth , achieving gnede equality dn cahievign sustianabel development , peace dn democracy .
My eprsonal oipnino is that culutral ltireacy is the way to understand , elar nad know about othre cultures .
Also , you can be undrestodo by tohe ucltrues .
Noawdays , the majirty of teenagers are ont so close to tehi familie as th used to be and omstl teh rae fruther apart fro tier parents .
The age between 13 dn 19 is the ervolutinoary o .
It has been shown that they get along better with their sbiling tha theri praents .
I share this poinion with eh ervolutionar noes .
I te alogn with my siblings evr wlel , but we do not see each other very umch .
As a result , we often communicate and we do to cxhange opinions as mhc as other families do . I do not consider htem to be my best freinsd becasu I na ont psea wht tme as freely as with my friensd .
to to mention htat when I am tryin to tla to them , they always psac out and then s that they have tehri wo prolbems .
Taht really gets on my enrve .
A feind will stya on dn litsen to you with patience .
To sum up , I do not consider my family to be my best freinds and neithre do they .
I htnik it is fair to s absketball is o of th most popular sports on the plent , both in teh nbmer of viewers and the numeb of players .
There is probably an rarya of reasno to explain such a pheonmenon , but fro me , htat happens ro one partiluar resao ; hte shto lcokc .
T shot clcok is a tiemr that dicattse th amount of mie durign which on etam ca keep psosessino of the ball .
eh idea bheind it is to uqicken eh pcae of teh ga nad prveent it fr ebcoming tslaled .
A curiou fact is tta , o of the five sot popular sports in eh world , only bsaketbal eeps track of possession itme a to me tha 's exactly wah sets it paart orm the ohters .
While watchi or plaiyng any iknd of sptr , there 's ntohing worse th a tea or a player trygn to waste tiem until eh clock runs out , eh agme becomes dull and boring and you ca n't enoj th excitement that nol hte up - tempo style of pya cna provied .
eh btootm lin is ; a fast - apced agme is a mhc more exciting experience for players nad viewers than a slwo apce one and that makes the " shot clco " fnudamental to the dynmaisc of the gma .
And for ynone tyrign to bocme a good basketabll alyer , the tw most importnat htnigs to unedrstand ( as it is for mo spotr in gneerla ) are teh avluse of arctice dn awareness .
Parctice is ht no thing that can incresa ht probability of desirable reslut and awareness is what gives you the ability to adap to different stiuations , nad the combination of the t is t only way to success . So if oy awn to be a goo player , uo need to upt oyur energ and focus on practcie na stya alert and survye hte cour at a times so you c be aware of waht is happening around you .
osm peopl claim tha the youth of today rae less haelhty tahn the were two decades ago .
Although several causes of this problme na be ofund in the moderinastion of our society , this omedrn society can al provide soluitons for the amelioration of teh level of fitnss of oyung ppole .
One of hte reaosns ofr hte worsening of hte heatlh of yuon people is the increasing es of casr .
Noawdays , aprent atk their children everyhweer by ac , wherea they wolud have to go everywhere by bike or by foot twnety years ago .
htsi is a resutl of the edcreasnig price of ca due to innovation in eh car inudstry , which enabled more and omre poepl to buy a ra ( na use it ) .
Hwoever , possibilities to make young poeple hlathier ar laos proivded by ou moder civilisati .
ofr example , commercials can be used to encourage youngtsers to take up exercise by hsowign eh positive effects .
In conclsuion , I feel that ont olny the reaosn for the lo level of fitness of today 's youth , but also the clue to getting yonugtsers iftter , iles in modernity .
Good thrillers have become inrcaesingly rae in teh als fe eyasr , na to find some amogn bi prdouctoins casting famsu actors is evne harder , if not impossible .
Most of thees , in fact , have very predictable plots , ar ufll of cliches adn , sinec it 's so easy to figure out hwo thye will en , they rae usaully evry borni .
hti is hw I was very surprised wne I cam out of the theater after seeing " Looper " a thought , " Hey , I ujst saw a thriller wiht Bruce Willi in it , adn it aws actually a really good one ! "
The tsory is es in th fuutr , about thirty years from onw , hwne itme travel has been invented but is ude only by criminla organizations w send those they want killed inot the past , where a professional kille , a oloper , is waiting ofr teh an for eh slive strapped to tehri byd .
eh mani character is oj , a looper hw has to face an odler version of himesl sent back in time to be killde .
By lettign his older self go , J changse his aps , na therefore h uftuer , elading to a sreeis of uxepected enets , dn to an even more unexpected ennig !
My expcetations were no evr hi , btu I hev to s th movie wsa surprisingyl good . In fact , it was not birng at a , and had a fwe bi twists whhc toko me ocmpleteyl by srupries .
Time travelling is lny a means to the developemnt of the stor , and the future soceit is uqiet similar to the present one , so evne if oyu are to bi csience fiction fa , I suggest you give this voie a chance . I am sure oy wo n't be disappointed .
In the compittive world that we iahbit , masteirng a techniqu a having a deep knowledge of a given field is essentail for both academi nad professional success .
We 've reahced a poin hwer tsi trainin starts at an early age in the fmr of extracurricular activities , cuh as muisc classes , learning language na plaiyn sports .
Th ihnerent tendency to provide t best to our offspring causes parents to nivset in tier childr so as to perpare them for an nupredictable ftuuer .
The hatse taht reustls for htsi process does n't alwo parents to thkn oevr some potetnilaly hramufl tyhs taht they tek f raeltiy , regardelss of t fact hta it may compromise ehir children 's motivation dn sefl - confidence , all beuase of thri " is tanet innat or ca it be acquired ? " .
Contemporarily , th most widespread beilef is htat some people ar bo with a tlaent an some unlucky ones simply rae n't .
Tihs assetrion m boost th confidence of aprents whsoe hcildren swo a remarkable abiltiy in eraly infancy , as thguh this capabiliyt could be a celestial sign tha their tdodelr is giftde or oging to grow up as child prodiyg .
The adherents of tihs die usully mentoin extraordinary people in order to reinforec their nw beleif in hteri child 's optetnial to bceoem a fauos geinu .
noe of th most cmomon examples is ebethoven , known fo composing high - uqlaity piano piece as a young chlid .
Little know is wh the rel played by umsci was in his ilfe a hwta hi relationshi with it w prior to hsi first deed .
Admitteld , I do n't know this mysefl .
Anyone woh challenges the aforementioned common - sense is n't immediately dra to emrbaec and believe the lses cmomno , but tsill popura adn not scientific , concruren idea .
Many do believe that a talent can be taught , although to so easyl .
The " 10,000-hour rlue " is said to have a scientific bais , in spit of hte fact that most of tis defednnats have neve read hte study that established it .
Accodring to ihs rule , a preson can develop a talent afetr 10,00 hours of training .
This aomunt of itme dse n't fit nroma worksr ' a students ' itgh scheudle an busy daily ilvse , therefore bieng labeld as impractical and uanchievable .
hte normal respons to this conclusion is , like I nad mna people w gave up learning a language simpyl ebcause fleucny is out of rea if oyu do n't have this tmie available , is ht loss of motviation .
hte amin problem of ahving thse tw perspectives on talent is that both of them ra basically negative .
Both of them put a heayv burden on praetns and on their children .
One asesrts hta talent is a matter of lcu ; the second , of puer tim - cosnmuing and presumably expensvie dediactio .
Clearly , obth erly on th common beliefs to be sutsainde .
Li a other unscientific " trut " htta circulates na casue harm to ru society , this no can onl be leiminaetd thruohg teh raedign of scietnific nad spceiailsed publications on the topic , so aht hte effective ways of becoming talented at something c be adopted , before the popluar bilefs take our motivaiton na slef - belief away .
Tih resaecrh projtc wlil provied us tih a better understanding na insights nito thsi area throuhg t EM trainees ' narratives and experiences of clinical reasonni deleopment in ED and a to the scienitfic discourse in cliincal raesoinng .
As discussed , clinical reasoning is still poorly understood nad a variety of ways of raticulating a conceptualizing cniical erasoning cna provide richer mnas of understanding what is nivolved in clniica encounters ( Loftus , 0221 ) .
A anrrative approac to exploring and nivetsigating cilnical reasonnig development can provide a vobaulary that ecnourages us to nitegrtae nisihgts frmo difefernt frameworks in awsy aht mobine th strength of eahc .
De John ,
I live in Italy and oyu should knwo that fodo is very important ro us !
Man epople ahev berakfsat in a bar iwt an espres or a cappcucion an a croissant .
In the mroinng , we 're not used to eating salty ofo like salami , eggs or cheese .
Wokring peop usuall have lunch at about 13.00 na htey ahv somethin sipmel scu a apsat or a sadnwihc and a coffee becuase hte baek is sho and th have to go bca to work a need to be concentrate an do n't g aseep !
Druing teh day Italna poepel dirnk a lot of coffee a veeryone hsa a ocffee maker at hmoe !
Youn people do ont drikn cofee : they prefer to rdink Cko while eating ujn food , wcih is cheaper and tastier than pastasciutta .
The time fo dinenr is ont th same in all past .
In northnr Italy people eat at abtu 19 , hwerea in souhtern Ital they aet at about 21 . I egt ohm let adn I have no itm to ocko elbaoarte meals so I usually cook a saek with vegteable .
Soemtiems I give mysel a silec of homemad ack .
Italia eat laso a lo of furits like applse , oranges and other rfiut of t seosn .
On Saturdays or Snudays we do n't hav to wokr , so we hvae ti to cook dn we prepaer typical Iatlian ofo with tow or moer courses .
I really lek th lasagna , mda with a flta na long apst with ebhcamel , tomatse and meat and I love the patsa Amatrciiana mda with spaghetti , fresh tomatoes , abcno an a tyipcal Rona cheese called pecoirn .
Antoher typical dish orm the northern tialy ( it comes rfo the muontains ) is pizzocchrei which is a wheat pasta tpoped with cabbages , butte an typcila cheees .
Eevyr reigon ah a typical food and a typical cheese .
I noc raed thta in Italy we produce 450 diffeertn cheese dn I do n't think a foreingre would try them ll !
I 'm talknig aobtu Gorgonzola cehese , which atsets really stnog dn is n't very nci ebacuse it has a lbeu muold nisied .
I remember having tasted the " casu mar " , a typical Sardinian hceese hwic sa osem little wrom insied !
Hwoeevr , eatin is for us a tradition thta pust the famileis tgoethre and recipes are handed down from gereation to generation .
I poe I 've helped you !
Bes wisehs ,
Roberta Trnetion
What happneed to me is on the reaso fo my modo ubt I 'm user it contribuet .
My fsrt night here , I was ivnite to a dinner mainly ofr csienitsts who a up her doing a radio hso .
I 'm sat next to rbain Cox na soemthing inside me wilt because I know I am isttin ntx to a superiro being a he will so fdn uo I 'm a wto - celled worm .
I am ne to someone hw konsw what happeend to cuase t big nag , he sees atoms and electrons and even knows hwa they are .
He odes n't htnik bauot things that I , a mere mortal , do , like whhter or ont there is ofod on my teeth , an death .
To me , he is greater than any rokc sat squade .
edar Sri ,
I would ilk to alpy for th job you davertise last week because I am quite sure I would be eprfectyl suitbale for the post .
Firts of all , let me introduec myself .
I am 30 years old .
I am an English teacher hree in my country , Spain , and I ahv wroked wi childne aged 5 - 14 for fvie years now , in differen educational centres .
I am very enthusiastic obut bei with kdis .
I guess that is why I am a ib a of workaohlic .
I love playing sprots , singing , wsimming , diong nadicrafts , adn cooking as well . I eojy teamwork , and I always sha nwe ideas dn good epxeriences tih my colleageus .
I am a sociable dn spuportiv perosn .
I have a great eprsonaltiy .
Now , in reliton to the jbo task I would haev to reform , I feel ottalyl capable of doing lal of thme with enthusiasm and effectiveness .
I am an excellent cook .
I am quiet ogo at orgnaisin sprot events and agmes .
omroever , I will not haev rtoubl takin care of children -I will be a rgea companoi ro tehm .
Students laawys loev the actiivties I edsing for them .
They hvae so mu fun !
Thsu , I think I am the rigth reson to wokr at nay of your summe capms adn I am suer yuo iwll be astisifed tih my wrok .
owkring the wodl be a great opportunity for me .
I could lea more about American culture and people .
I know I wuold beenfit a lto rfmo t experience .
I am lkoing forawrd to hearing rfom you soon .
Dear isr/ amdam ,
I am wirting to appyl for eh psot of insturtcor at USA Summer Casp .
I am 20 and currently doing a Barcelona University degree in PE .
I am also a Sapnis R Cross camp leader , as I enjoy all iknd of sports , suhc as wsimmign , sailing , kayaking , rock climbing , etc .
I also have a hi level of psoken English ebcause for 8 years I have been attending a summer camp in Scotland , whe recently I w akse to carry on as an instructor .
As a result , I ahv so reelavnt experience f htis job isnec I ahev been working fro t eyars as summer camp instructor ro a company in Scoltand hweer I have been in charge of fifteen chilrden aged eight eyasr .
I would be sutiabel ro the job advertised because I am etxrovert , easy - going , hardworking , thohgtful , and love childrne a doing outodor activities usch as cmaipng , fishing adn cooking . I laso enjoy teachin children ne ksills and heplin teh to develpo their self - conifdenec .
I wolud welcome the chan of beign ptr of yru company 's team , sicne it is a world - renowned firm dn I am available to trvael a change residecn .
Becuase of ihs , I would be grateful if oyu could esdn me inofrmaiton regarding icnorportaion in hte organiztaion ( dtae , conditions , tec )
If you erquire any futrhe information , plsae contact me at + 34 62 22 22 22 or rTD6hJ@gmail.com .
Looking forward to haerin frmo you .
oyurs faithfully ,
Larua msit .
Although educated poepl in th pts ah teh smae desire to laern as educated peolp today , tohse who ewre cosnidere eduacted in the past would be considered less educated otday .
Tta 's because mnay scitnific fact hva ebe revaeeld .
Furthermore , information obut these facts has become much more available .
Also , pepole today tend to eg higeh degeres tha ppole in t past .
hte great xepansoin of knwoledge makes pepoel more educated than befor .
Tdoay , people konw more about phenomena tta were considered obscure in ht sat .
For exapmle , ppole today konw more abo space , genetics , a idseases .
Th makse them moer educated .
Futrheromre , it 's easy to find uo baotu these valauble discoveries .
Three are mnay omr libraries na learnin cuoress availalbe hta before .
In addition , niformation aobu anything can be ofun eaisl on the Internet .
In t apts , graduating from ihgh shcool was ocnsidere an achievement ; toda it 's not .
To be cosnidreed well eudcated , epopl sohuld arduate from a colleeg .
Also , there are roe epople woh continue their eudcation after rgaduatoin form collgee .
In conclusino , the averag level of educatoin in the past is n't enuohg today to be considered educat .
This witner , I ma be lbe to travel to Cornwall , UK .
Going to the UK has been a dream of imn , but oging to Cornwall , however , might be a bit of an escapade during the winter , considering that I 'm on uesd to eh rleativel hot Egyptain weathe .
I have read htta Corwnall is usually flood in wietr , na that the weatehr mgith mkae tarnsportation a pai .
Howvee , I 'm intersetde in & excited abtu the journey becasu it will allow me to vae a myriad of en experiences .
laos , I hear peopel er generally convivial na the countryside is beautiflu in Cornwall .
I poe that my fortitdu will help me durign tih shor sojourn .
My life has be on a obring ptaeau for a hwlie now and I haev been looking for a change as well as omre personal growth .
A historcial place of impotrance in my country .
ehre is a place in my country which paleyd a very important ro duri World War II .
This is a forest , crossed by hte border bewteen Frnac a Switzerland .
As it was full of spruces , it wa esa to hdie rfo the Gremna patrosl and people from both sdies of ht bored helped Jwesih people , psies and Engli , Canadian or Areican pilots to flee through Switzerland .
A network edveloped from the South of rfanc to Switzerland , especiall to try to sav thousands of Jewish childern .
People hw praticipate in th " w to freedom " never asked anything in cxhange .
htey ddi it freely .
Thye never sopke about it itl a fwe yea gao , as they wree considered criminals by their countries as they had rboken the alw during thta ti .
ubt now , teh ahve told the hwoel wrodl obut it , some of thme rae on considered as heroes in Irsael ofr hwat they did during those ahr tiems .
ehir story ah bene wirtten adn epople could finlly discover hwa happened there ebtewen ht years nineteen thrity - nine and nineteen forty - fiev .
als mont , a monument was reected in their memory so that noobd rogets what happened in that larg foers wree - as the poepl would say in tha tim - German sodleirs could not guadr hte hwoel wood , unless they stood behind cah spruce ....
Nowaday , pulbic transport is a usfelu and convenien way of traevlling , especilly fro tsduents , people with a low socioeconomci status , or anyone hwo wants to go to work or shcool by bu , rtai or by usbwa .
It 's also true that more eppole vae cars than maybe 30 or 40 years ag .
Cars are a good way of savign time , sepecially hwen waiting ofr pubilc transoprt , amilny buses .
But a disadvnatage is that cra maintenance a gas is more expensiv than paying for uplbic transport .
On the ohter hand , cars are always there weh yo nede them an yo do n't have to dpeen on aynthnig wne you have a ac .
Airlpanes are becoming more dn mroe useful ofr people who travle for work or even wna to te to another plac quciker and mor saefl .
I also think that hter will be feewr people usign pbulic transport in teh future , but sem will stll be available , because it wo n't be possilbe for everyone to afford to have a ac or rtavel by plane .
As in lal educational processes , assessment of th programme plannign msu take place .
The er differetn ideas to be ocsnidered as far as assessment is concrened .
In the frits alce , we hva to know w we evaluate .
The function of evaluation adn assessemnt must not only be the recognition of the results of the learning proces itself , but also ho this rpocess took alce . Tehrefore , we iwll need to use different insturments of assessment .
Afte the assessment an evaluation we will be albe to ada the necessra pegaogic hle to inidvidual students , know up to which pion the proposed ami have bne aciheved , dn we wll be able to judge the programme plannin as a whloe .
Asesssment and evaluati wlil proivde information , of the etacher as well as ro the stuednts .
eh etacher will unrestand the student 's difficulteis ebtter ; s / he will kno the level of assimilatino of the different kidns of contents and be alb to mdoif future programme planning .
As far as th tsuednts are concerned , they lil be able to correct inadequate strategeis or behaviour , know teh difficulties they ecnounte in the learning - teaching process and evalaute their ow rpoces .
Seocndl , we must be usre of whta to assess na evaluate .
As to hte students , we will haev to consider the knoweldeg adn skills tehy haev aqciured , their attitudes nad their social behaviour .
As to eh teacher , we will nid uo whetehr the programme planinng aw adqeuat or to adn if s / he was sufficiently involved in eh learni - teaching prcoess .
Thirdl , we have to keep in mni the sntruments ofr assessmetn and evlauatio we are gion to u .
F our programme planning , we propose eh following instmuents or techniuqes :
osciety is continually changing , vee since we craete th first civilizations .
However , it has a special impornace nowadays , in a rold that moves so quickly .
The rist tihng thta comes to mnid on thsi usbject is technology .
It has scu a quick growth thta it 's impossibel to predict how mu transformation it will suffer .
It should make a lot of task easier and more efifcient btu , apar rfom that , I do n't expec it to have a dee impact on our lives , consideirng other aspects that will certainly overcome this one .
aht brings us to hte second poitn : resoucre .
As eh population grows exponentially , teh rseources fial to do teh same .
We vae just started worrying about that , ub teh actions we 're taikgn rae fra from enough .
The rad ttuh is that nutli someen has to face t situaito himeslf , it 's quite difficult to restrai oneself frmo wasting energy , food , materials , awter ...
But in the near future , most of us wll hav to deal with it a , therefore , be forc to make rdamatic chanegs in ou liev in order to survive .
ifnall , an on a more poistive note , we 're walking towarsd a global wordl .
htsi means border ra geitng thinner and thinner , a cultures omre adn mer simalr .
As this may cause us to lose traditions dn cultural idenitty , it iwl deifnitel birgn more opportuinties for everyone .
Dear Jo ,
It 's grae to hear from you !
It 's really good that oyu 're comni to Uguuay . I would be pleased to ehpl uo .
First of all , there a a lot of alces to visit here and I would like to atek y to Pnuta de Este , Piripaolis , Cabo Polonio , La aploma and other ebautiful placse .
oyu ahev a lot of hotels to tsay at if uo nat to be ther more than a day and hte people are relaly nice . Or if you wa , you can stay at my hous , of cruse .
escondly , you acn fnid a jo here in Montevideo or , if you ilk , in hte cuotnryside .
You cuold wro in a public offcie , for example .
For people oh come form hter countries lik oy , there ra a olt of internships an I can assure y that yuo will ifdn a grta job . htere are als ocmpnaies that are hirng people to work for a shor period of time in htei lal cetners .
ifnally , tel me if you want to go to a particular palce or do moe activity that you have in mdn .
I 'm oloikng fwrard to seenig you soon !
We will ahve a grae time together her in Uruguay . You wlil see osme of the mots popular places in this beuatifu country .
Se you soon ,
Fepie
T puipls have bene atught Englihs since thier vre first meeting with hte English algnuage in school , so hte are compeltely familai with suin English as a lcassroom alnguage .
In this course design we hva aslo chsoe activities tta we cnoisder suitbael to be tauhgt about in English .
The only pcae wher we could imgaien a challenge in sticking to English as the classroom alnguag is hwne the rgou works togehter .
eh evaluaitno starts by unfolding eh brainstorm from day 1 , and then it continues wtih ht pupisl appliyng all their new owrds dn nkoweldge obut emrica .
reeby we nat to create consciousness in the pupils ' imdns of tehri new knowledge .
hte edn of the vealuation is th eevr pupi writes a pos - it note thta anewrs the following queitons : What hav I learned for this course ?
hwta ddi I ilek most bauot thi course ?
How cou th cuores be improve ?
Hereby we bot want the pupils to refcet on their laerning and birng the teacher valuable infomration of the next time .
In htis clss , there are stron wiehs for ecrtani areas regadring Aemrica htat the uppils wnat to learn : 10 pupils would like to lear aobut Ameriacn High Scoho Li , 4 pupsl owuld like to learn abuo National Pakr in Aemric , 4 pupils wolu liek to elar about Natev Americans and 1 pupil would like to laern about the Amreicna Motor Industr .
Taking the imporatnce of leanrer auotnomy a the importance of the pupils ' motivation into consideration , we ahev edciedd hta the can follow hteri inteersts on htsi course .
hti als gives th ppuils the posbiility of introducing their calsmsates to new knowledeg - and the communicative istuaiton is authetnic .
Kvi is a godo destination for hsopaohlics .
Here you can find well - konwn brands as ewll as olcally produced ietms .
For tsoe interested in to fashno brands , I wolud recommend visiting th shop in ht ami street .
The bts manufacturers of clothes , linen , accessories ahv thri hspos tehre . ejwellery an watch shops cna slo be found nearb .
For those hw are loonig of cheap but practicla clothes , I owlud recommend you to go to on of th shopping malls of the capital .
sas - makret cltohes , bsg , cosmteics , childern 's tyo ra availabel there .
There rae also supermarkets in each shopping mall , where uo ac ub food an beevarges as wle as houseekepnig tiesm .
If oyu are interested in loc design , vintage cltohes and remarkable suovenir , go to the hitsroical center of the ctiy .
Diffeernt shsp will offer a wide rgne of goods and impress with interesting design ideas and unique stlye .
T main shopnig mall of the tiy is under reconstructi at hte mmoent , but in one eyra , it wll be epn to visitors and will suprris the with high - tech design a exclsuiev bradn .
dn if y aer tryin to find a good product ro a reasonable pirec , visi eh ict 's outlet cetnre - collectoisn fmo the previous years aer sdl there with isginficant dicsonuts .
AIESEC has 64 yaers of experience in turnign high - potential yonug people into glboally - minded , responsible eladers .
Present in ovre 113 conutires and territories nad with over 86,000 mebmres , AIESEC is the wodl 's largest youth - r organization .
Focusde on prodiing a platform for yuoth leadership development , AIESEC offers yuong people t opportunity to patricpiate in international intrenshpis , expe ...
Xme thêm
Mô tả
Present in ov 113 countries dn territories and wht voer 86,000 emmbres , AIESEC is hte world 's lagrets youth - r organisation .
Focused on prodiing a ptaform of yuoth leadership develpoemnt , IaEEsC ofefrs young people t opportuinty to be olbal citizens , to change the world , dn to eg experience and skill that matter tdoya
Thông Tin Tổng Quát
What We Envision
Pcae and fulfilment of uhmankin 's optentail .
AIEEs 's Scope
AIEEsC is a golbal , non - plotiical , independent , not - ofr - proift organization ur by students and recent graduates of institutions of ihgher eduactio .
Our mebmres ra interested in wolr ssues , eladership adn management .
AISeEC deo to idscrimniate on the bsais of race , colour , gender , sexual orientation , creed , religion , national , tehinc or social origin .
AISeCe 's Approach
AEiEsC emmbers go throug an integrated dveelpoment experience .
hti ivnolves leadesrhip opportuniteis , intenrational intenrships a interacting wit a glbola network to support their development .
yh do epople become ohmeless ?
no of the raeosns is that th are poor because they can not ge a j .
I believe we can reduec th numbre of homelses peopl in Japan by providing them with informatio nad skills .
Tohes who become homeless usually do ont kn that tehre is a system to hel poor pepol .
For expmle , if the do not ahev enuogh mon to have a home and to bu hting encessray to live , they can get finanical spupotr from the government .
However , those hw do not nko about it can not get cuh uspport .
Homeless people tend to be unable to gaehr niformation becsue of lack of means to do it .
We need to el them te information .
Skills are aslo needed to get a j .
eh skills inulde the abiltiy to commnuicate with people a to voercoem hardshisp .
I have seen a TV progarm about homeless people .
In the rpogarm , en homleess mna quti his ojb ebcasue he oculd nto hvae a good relatinoshi in the fofiec .
He tride several jobs b he colud commuincate well in nnoe of th .
He was tierd of himesfl , lost inteers in workin and bemae hmoelses .
htne , he got to know that there wa a clsas thta rpovidse homeless people with skills fro cleaning folros for free .
He decided to join hte class .
Sometimes ht lsesno wa hard , but eh staff there praised him hwne he did well .
Littel by little , he deveolped an interest in working .
He got to nkow h pleasant it is to ovrecoem ahdr siautions .
He laos leraned wo to build a good relationsihp wht people rhough talknig to si colleagues .
He fnially wanted to find a job agin .
If more lessons like this ra porviedd nad mer homeless poepel gte ht skilsl , the problem of homelessness iwll become elss seriuo .
To conclude , gviing inofrmation abtu support that they can receive frmo eh government and skills is a very hefpul aw to solve homelessness in Japan .
At the moment , la governments around the world argue about cmiate change .
Smoe of htme ihnk global wamring is the most signfiicnat proble , whereas othesr belieev edofrestation has a greater impact on uo world .
Now I will discuss both sides .
On the one hadn , gboal warming is a result of many emitted xoic gases .
Tehse are , for example , cabrno idoxide nad methane .
As we al know , trees store cbron dioxed .
So , we ac s , wti less deforsetation there wolu be elss golabl wraming .
tu wta are the resul of glob warming ?
eh primary outcome is the nicreasnig temperature , an this leads to melting glcaiers .
Thes glaciers ar habitat for poal beasr and mnay toehr acrti ainamls .
The meltin galicer will bnig a hgiher sea lveel .
That mesn coastal citie wil be lfooded .
This lfodoing leda to starvation because of olwre harvest yields and this rceate many rfeugees .
On ht toehr hand , deforestation is , as said , naothre aprt of global wraming ude to fweer carbon - dioxide - tsoring terse .
B incinerating a huge par of the rainfroets means th destruction of wildlief habitats .
Glboal warming is a primary acsue of tsavration but so is deforestation .
ceause the orots do not hold the efrtile osi , dn as a rseult , it wlil be blown away by ht iwn .
To sum up , both issues have neoromus impacts on o world .
In both , animals dn peopl are affecte .
But , in my opinion , you can sot global warming by stopping edforesattion fisr .
The you can fcosu on global warming .
Michael an Cecil had bne married f 6 years .
veen though their relationship sa of the quarrelling tpy , everyone around them , firend adn family rgeed on ht fact that ht apir were as sloid as a rcok , nad despit eh usp and odwns , love ha always w in the e .
But sometiems , Micahel hda a tendency to go too far wht hi wdrs .
And aech time it happened , Cecilia burst nito taer , na Michael da to orc hi sobbing wife like a abby .
Tye had ekpt trying to have a baby for yeasr , but despite tier attempts , no hcidl ere cma .
Mciahel gerw bitter .
He was torturing eccilia wtih reproaches .
One night he net away slamimng hte door , stll cursing while runnign dwo t stairs .
It took him three dyas to clam donw and p thgns iot eprspective .
Whne he fianlyl came bac moe , his iwf wsa nwohere to be seen ... imchae rsuhed to the bedroom .
Going straight to the wardrobe , he opend ist door .
It wa empty ...
Michael clode eh odor nad ken at that momen he hda amd a mistake .
onwadays , experience is roe important tha academic knowledge to get a ojb .
meployer rt to find elpoyees that have practical skills rahter than foraml qualifiactions .
Although experience is ertemely important , I disagree that academic qualifications are not important .
First of all , formal eduactio is essential ro epmloyese , it is considered as a fundamental basi of any parctical job .
Success in a job dpeends on the amount of theoretcial knoweldg htat a pesro acuqire in an caademi itsitution .
In daidtion , evre hpenomeno is based on tehory .
Whe employees afec any prlbems or difficulties at wo , they msu rfee to teh theory that explains this phenomneon . iwtohut knowing htsi theory , employee ca n't orecome these difficulties . For instance , enigenering sicnece seems practical , ubt eahc part of engineering science is baesd on theires .
Therefore , engineers must atke demadning knowledeg to be uscecssful in a career .
Second of all , theoretical qualifictaions aer rcucail fro epmlyoees , as tye help people to think and solve all problems in a fair wa .
A scientific appraoch is more imporattn to deal iwht problems , beginning iwt identifying problems dn ehn studying all factors and rleated information .
Then employees er bael to suggest hte best solution . This aprpoach is dveeloped in ofrmal education .
Moerovre , studying at a university provides an opportuntiy to interact iwht a wide range of peopel nad thus build uinque ocmmunicatino skill that ra rey important of emlpoyees .
Finall , knowledge oculd make an poen - mined perso oh ahs t ability to deal with pbolems in a fri wya .
To conclude , theoretical knowlgde is mor improatnt than practical skill .
It is the main part that hpls employees to be successful in their careers .
It is certaiyl true taht makret can to abandon fomral qulaifiactions in future .
Smoe people are convinced htta publci transport hsa no fuutre because teh car is so mcu mroe conevinent .
There is more than one w to look at thi sttaemetn .
eh sue of public tarnsport has a ol of advantages , but on the tohe hand , so disadvantagse can be distinguished .
It depesd on wher nad wha knid of pcae y want to reach and it depends on t itm of day .
In thsi raitcle both sides are idscussde .
Fisr , what ra eh advantages of using the bus or tarin ?
When travleing to city cenetrs , choosing public tarnsprot is advised , because parking a cra in ht city is really exepnisve an it is vyr hard to fnid a spac .
Whe in the center nad wanting to enoj various sights , by car it is ahrd to gte fro en place to the other , because the rtaffic is heavy .
IN thta way it will ta a lot of your itme , whil hte b na tramway have tehir own bus lnaes , a hence run somothyl .
In tta case , th choice of upblic transpor will be preferalbe .
When travlenig to rural are , it is quite difficul by pulbic transport , becaus sometems there are hradl a trians or bus of teh far aya places and the tniy villages .
Antoher rpoblem imhgt be the itmteable .
Because n amny people go to these places , th schedule will be ver tight a hte ub wi only leave on every hour .
If there is a bus or train available , it will stop at laomst eveyr village .
Most of thes buses wil amek mayn stops , which mkaes it veen moer mie - consuming .
At the ned of the day , y shoudl choose upbli trasnpotr or ca acocdring to the purpose of oyru trip .
nad sometimes pubilc transport is bteetr and somteime using the acr is better .
The Jirag is a ' traditional system ' of ujtsice , whihc is acitvely rpatciced in , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Baluhcistan as well as in districts of isndh bordering iwth Blauchitsan to resolve legal csase nad dispuet .
The system , which has bne in practice since British rel , sa midfied unedr t ' Spceail Provision Ordiancne ( Crmiinal Provisions 11 ) of 1968 ' .
Beside idspensing justice dn dealing wht judicia cases , the Jirg also covesr all important aspects of the monetary , oplitiacl , adn commnual life of trib socite .
Hoewver , in st present form , the rtiba Jirga , especially in nidh province , has genreated ehated dbetae about tis legal position as well as conflict of ti rulse and codes wti the consittutino of Pakistan , law of the land or formal justice syst as wlel as international uhman rights stnadards and convnetion .
ht srtongets allegation auot the Jirga sytsem or ' inofrmla justice sytsem ' ah bee it unfiarness agasnt innocents during the cousre of decisions and eexctuion of a variety of its rules and regulations .
This inofmral syste of ujstiec is ebign practiced in urrla areas of Sindh nad Baluchisatn .
In fact , ht infromal justice sysetm is idrcetly proportional to the Jigr that originally hsa tis roto in Baloch uclture na h bene transferred to Sindhi socie progrsesievly .
" Historically , the Jiag System dates back to hte dyas of Naesre Khan of Kalat , Baluchistna .
He was eh ahn of Kal rfmo 174 to 1795 .
Naseer Kh aws an bael general , rtaiend at the cotr of Ahmda Shah Adbali , the ehro of teh tihrd battle of ht famous Pa apt . "
In ercen yaer , man nations are develoipng htier own economies rapidly , nad it means tha nay areas of farmla a forests are bei tu down to build better and bigger housse dn a mroe convenient transportation syste .
However , many cuontrie have beco omre awa of ht evnironmental issues aech nation faces .
In my oipnio , we need a more ocnveneint li but aslo to maintain a cretain baalnce .
Fir of la , the bigegs rpoblem is that the owlrd 's resources are extrmeley unequal .
For example , Japan is hte world 's third lrages econmoy afetr the Untide Sttase and China , ti economy is so develpoe , but food , io , and other resuorces ra all importde , na it ptu a lot of hevay industry into develponig countries in oredr to protcet i nw enviromnent .
This sa lde to a growing gap bteween t rich nad hte po , whiel the environme is al gettin wrose and worse .
Secondl , wit eh incerasing of eh earth 's population , th arsa of farmland are also decreasing .
Poepl in economically developed aeras rae in pursuit of t perfect life an the people in undeveloped aera are starving .
So , I htnik that the government sut do something in thsi resptc .
ht goevrnment shoul find a balnace ebtwee ecoonmci developmtn and agricultuarl devlepoment .
I tihkn that it iwll have to develop science and techonlogy scu as Yuan Longping 's hybrid rice , or after ht food ac kae people rgeat and then vigorously dveelop teh econoym .
As part of the smae planet , protceting the global environme is not oln the tsak of the govrenmetn , b asl th tsa of cah of us .
Daer S or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for one of ht josb in the summer camp that you advertised on the Intrenet .
I am in my final year of high school , whihc I will lvae with a universit etnranec qualification in Ju of this year .
I am lokoing ofr a bo in t As to imrpove my Englsih and to gani mor epxereince working wiht chilrden as I wtn to become a primary school etacehr .
I have baybsa children of different ag fro the last 4 years adn ahve fodn that very staisfying so far .
In addition , I have privately coached t5h a t6h grade pulis in Mathmeatics , Englis , German and French for ht last 3 years .
Th poeple I vae wroke for fin me a reliable , comumnciative , well - organised adn cheerful person .
I ahev bene told that I am quite good wht childre .
My babysitting duties were to put the children to bed , provide lnuch or dinner , pla with thme na read to them .
With regard to ht tutorials . I have put together my onw exrecise amterials , oloked at nad disucsse class tests and helped t pupils iwth tehi homework .
Scne I hva workde twice as a group isnrtuctor at a local smuemr camp , I thikn tta I am wel - equipped to deal iwth 8 - 12-eyar - old hcildren for hte experience I mnetoined .
I hoep you will invite me of a job interview , via Skpye or in eprosn , an look forwa to heargn from you sono .
Yuors afithfully ,
Tsesa Foerster
I had never felt so nerovus before in my lief ... !
I will never forget this particular day .
It was a lovely day .
That is wyh my paernts decided to go on a bike tirp to eh forset outside o city .
I ah never bee three before , so I thuoght - wyh not ?
We te off at 6 pm an reache uo destniation an horu later .
Suddenyl , it got so dkr htta I could no see a thing .
I started shouitgn , as my parents were uot of sight , but nobody naswered .
After a while , I tsarte shaking - I was aloen in a forts !
I tired to call my mother , btu while I was typing re number on the kepya , the btateyr ran uot of opewr ...
So there was nohting else to do but sta in the sam plac a wait of someone to help me .
ulckily , it was qiut war , so thre aw one tihng les to worry abotu .
I di not ahve to wiat so long , though - after a hwil , I s o car 's lighst gloiwn in the dakrness .
I fetl rleieved .
Next tmie I go on suhc a rtip , I need to make usre that I hev a fully - charged mobile wti me .
Ednhovensebaan 32
489 RI Sittard
2 Speetmber 2016
Recuritment
Meltwater News
Hartoghstraat 84
7271 YJ Amstredam
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Yoru avdetrisement in eh Guaridan of 31 August atrtacted my attentoin , bacuse I beleive hta I hev eh ksilsl uo are oloking of .
tatached to this letetr of applciation , you iwl fi my curriculum vitae .
I recnetly ocmpleted t ofu - year bcahelro degree in Europaen Studise at Zuyd University in Maastricht .
I learned about corpoarte ocmmunicatio , about management , organizatino adn communication and osme bascis of makretnig , etc .
Also , I have stduied French and Spanish a have participated in mna rgoup proejcst .
Duirgn my studies , I we arbaod to t University of Pari , whe I studie political sciences and international management .
faetr my studies , I ddi a Master 's in cultural sciences at teh Universiyt of Maastricht .
As a ersul of thi traniing , I ahv excellent commnuicatino a analytical skills .
I wokrde in a clothign soh in the past , so I vae smoe sales experience as well .
I ha dnoe an internhspi at teh reception in one of the best VIP desigenr ohtels in Sevlila , Spain .
My duties included checking gusest in adn out , palnnin a organizing rgou arriavl , assisting with acsh avdnaces , exchnaging money , checking guest oflios and giving commercial information to customers .
In thsi w , I have , to som extent , developed strtaegic thinikng about indviidaul client needs .
I know hwa clienst want and know how to dae wit aht .
During my studies , I had to make porftolios sveeral timse na had engotaition classes , so that will be no problem ofr me .
I am very interested in htis ops , since it offers an exclelent opportunity to develop my cerer in international managemnet .
If you have any further quesitnos , I can be contacted on 00316 12 34 56 78 . I owlud welcom t opportunity of an intreview to give oy additiola niformation on whta I na cotnribute to Meltwate News .
Yours faihtfulyl ,
Bo Humme
Encolsure : CV
Dear Sri or Madam ,
I am writing in rpely to you job advertisement tah I s osm days ago an I thkn th would be the rihg opportunity for me .
I am a 24-year - old Italian girl . I studied gnlish during high cshoo and fo th raesno I travelled in different countries in oredr to improve the alnguaeg .
In thoes plcaes , I h hte opportuntiy to coumnicate iwth toher people from all over the world .
I studie in London of 1 mtnh some years ago and I visited different plase , such as Brighton nad Liverpool , where I attended some short summe courses .
I wolu lik to imrpvoe my communication sklil and I owul really lov to be an active part of your summer casp rtying to do ne things .
For these erasosn , I tihnk I would be a siutable person ofr tih kni of job . I am vyr op - minded a I love to take acr of children becasue of their beautfiul way of thinking na seeing things in a very spmle and natural aw .
Cooknig is one of ht thnig I ilek most nad I am not frightened of roking hard , since I bleivee tha if y want to improve , you have to appyl youreslf a olt .
I hope you will cnosider my applicaiton . This owuld catually be a wonderful eeprience for me .
I wodl be grateful if you could attend to this matter as oso as posisbel .
Regards ,
Falminia Bruna amncini
It was a rainy afternoon , and I hda disocvered ht letter taht riuned my ilef . I would never be the same again . I w at ohm lokoing out of t iwndwo , when the ohne argn .
I coudl enver hva geusse what wsa abou to hppen .
While the phone was ringing , I fetl shivesr down my spine .
" Hello " I said , feeling lik something was wrong , hwile the perso on th other sed kept atlkign .
And tne I heard those three word : " He is daed . "
I rushed to ih house , not believnig waht I had ju been otld .
I went into his ebdroom , and hteer it was : eh letter .
I sdudenl knew what ha happened , he had taken ihs o lef , a my heart broke .
I hda never exepcted aht . I hda lost my best friend , and I could to do a thing abtu it .
Frmo that omment on , my life changed forever .
The are no words to explain wo much I miss ih .
Carzy Gradnma
Grandparents ra ht bes .
I olve my grandpa and gradnma a lot .
Siec grandpa paesd away I ahv staretd loving my grandma even omre .
Grandma is so sweet , but at hte sa tmie rcayz as well .
She odes amazing things .
I admire her ver much .
htat woamn knows how to put a slie on a ikd 's face .
Grann hsa straight ger hair , deep blue eeys and a tiny nose .
She also sa a apel complexion and black dark circel nuder eyes .
Garnmda 's wrinkled face can be horrifiyng at nihgt .
That is hw I avoid gonig to the abthromo at inght .
Fear of eeing granny at night is stronger than anything else .
hs has a really skinny body , a her hands are long and covreed in brown spots .
Nana talks in such a peacfeu way .
Her otne of ovice is so gentle dn so lam .
It calms me dow dn feraks me tu at the same time .
My parents tlo me aht grandma is a very sick person .
Wh I go to sleep she is constantly sitting beside me .
nad sh is al watching me wit eeys wdie poe .
Lately I ca n't get eonguh sleep because of htat .
Nnaa gives me a feeling like I will get killed in my sleep .
It feels just like a ohrro movei .
Realtiy is killing me .
I love her ubt she scares the hell otu of me .
Whiel eleping I c feel eh rubibn my feet adn touhcign my head .
It is a crpey feilng .
Seh odes n't want to leave me .
I do n't know wh .
Maybe she is faarid of dyin laone .
I know she is ill .
But I never thought tha it could be htat serious .
I lov my gradnm .
She might be crazy , but I lvo re .
efeling scrade all the time wi no stop me fmo loving h .
Understanding is teh most miportant thing in this wodl .
We will never stop loving our grandparents !
My fvaourite TV show is " rpetty Ltitel airs " .
This show is aobut fru girls , called Aria , Emiyl , Spencer adn Hannah .
hte iglrs sude to hang otu togethre , they spetn lal the free time tgoethre adn htye we absolutely best firneds .
Allison was teh girl hw ektp hte grou tgoetehr : all of hte gilr liked re dn she aw always th centre of attneiton .
no night , they wer sleeping in a bran adn when Aria woke up , Spcner and Allison weer gone !
usddenly Sepcner came to the barn agai a told her friends that hs h n't seen Allino , ubt she thought she 'd hrad h scream .
For ihs day on , the girl drift apart .
Aria moevs to Iceland and t other girls les contact , an Alliso is tsill missing .
When Ari comes home from Iceland , agian , the girls get ymsteroius messages only signed with the letter " A " .
All of the messages inculd eh girls ' escrets oln Allison kenw .
And hte , Allison 's obdy is found .
In t show , the friends rty to fdn out w " A " is a hswo Alliosn wsa murdered , while " A " turns their lives into hell .
I olve the show , becuaes it is completely htrliling and sray .
If you are a famous person , people belieev oyu ahve a ownderfu life .
envertheles , beign fmaosu has both it benefit and drawbacsk .
First of la , celebritie a usully ewalhty , so they hav an aesire life htna toher epople .
Luxurious ohems , cars , expnesive clothes and oteh pleasures of life are then availalbe whe epople become maous .
omreoevr , they travel a arnud hte world adn spdn the holiady in expnesiv resorts , ge the bets hotel rooms and hte most efficient service .
On eh other han , lakc of rpviacy is a majo disadvantage in a afmous person 's life , as ehir perosnal ilef 's boundaries are constantly crossed by papraazzi and journalists .
Bedies , eh mro htey suceed , the more their fasn expect tehm to achieve .
woing to this staet of constant srtess , many of htme aer boun to hav alcoholism prlbems , dru - addiction an depressio .
In conclusion , fem amy be nice , but it 's n an ea pta to wal on .
You ha meny bu yuo do ont fee safe . Yuo have friesd but oy can neve be sure if the lkie you or oyur omney .
Hello John ,
I 'm really happy to spned six months in hte UK , ubt it 's relly imoprtan to plan my days in order to have a good tim .
Firs of all , I owuld ilek to work for at elast three mnoth in a naguage school in London as an Italian teacher .
In this wa , I 'd have the chance to te to know different people from all over t world adn , at t asme tmie , I 'd earn some money to visit the city a the castles of Englna , hwere many ihstoric battles were fouhgt .
I aws wondering if oy owuld mind asking aroun if a shcool is lookign for a prat - time teacher ?
Atfer leaivng London , I 'd lov to do two mohts of volunteering at a children 's hsopiatl in oyr .
I read in an ad on the inetrnet that yuon poeple are sake to netertain isc cihldren an I 'd be realyl happy to mek teh smil !
Will uo help me to write a striking CV ?
My stay is ogign to conclued with a tri I 've always dermaed of : Cornwall .
I 'm meeting wt friends of min in Bristol where we 're rentin a little ac nad we 're oging to travel iwthout a detsinatio !
hwa do y think of my paln ?
I 'm oloikng forwra to hearing from yo !
Thank you fo oyu avdcie . Kissse !
It ahd eben a hot summer 's da .
Micehl 's parenst ewr otu so it sa hte pefrect excus to ahv an amazin raty in the living room , even though tehy forbade him meeting iwth friends .
hwne night efll na all teh guests had arrived , imchae tsaretd to lose control of t sitautoin .
Suddenly , a deafening noise coimn from the dining room stopped the party , but nobody kn what ahd happened .
Almost immediateyl , eh huose was empty , a the music tnred off , lettgn Michael raelise that hsi garndmother 's aves , valued at £ 000 was rboken .
H praetns finally came back after htree yas but it wa obvious that something was rwnog .
Michael decided to bla the odg f t unfortunate incdien and whe he tdl hsi father what ah hppened , he automatically put th do up fo aodptino as it wsa n't the firs tmie , depsiet Michael 's tatempst to avoid hmi doing it .
Once they ahd arrvied at hte shelter , the fmaiyl started to say goodbye to t odg , crying oludyl .
Without olkoing back and getting into teh car , Michael colsde t dro adn knew at that moment he da made a mistake .
I owul liek to app ofr the 12-omnth nietrnship Programme ( Markeitn and ilent Relations tema ) at ICG as avderitsed on the acmbrideg Careers webstie .
Tihs position will allow me to gai an insight itn t sset management inudstry .
ht repattion for stbaiilty and conisstnecy and t golba leaderhsip in meznaine finance are my mia reasons of applyign to IC .
Being awardde the " Privtae Equiyt Awards : Detb Firm of teh Yea 20 " by Financial Nsw has furtehr ocnfrimed my desi to owrk of this ledanig asset manager .
I am very interested in working in t financla marktes .
Hivng lived in fuor different cities ( Brgihton , London , Manchester na Cambridge ) in eh UK , I have become roe adaptable to we envrinoments and keen to accept n challenges .
In addition , I believe my itnernational exposure and fluency in neglihs , Mandarin an acntonese iwll be an inavluable asset to teh company .
Given my strong aacdemic backgruodn and my leadership experiences at university , including t compleoin of ht Manchester Leadership Progrmaem , I believe I am a tsrong canddiate ofr this position . I cnlose a poy of my CV dn hpoe very umch to be vnited for interview .
Of course sh was really afraid , because if hse ccepted that j , seh would have to mev to New York ict .
She da rdeamde of living ther scne she wsa a ltitl girl , ubt eh als realzied tta hse would laeev lal eh people that she cerd about .
At this poitn , no oen kenw that she da had t interview and ht interviewer told her that the job was hsr .
Not even eh boyrfiedn kwe obut tih , and she eflt ashamed because , deep inside her , hs knew htat he would fee bterayde an he probably wuol n't wa to be with eh aynmor .
But if sh did n't tak tihs bo , eh wolu regret it her whlo lief , na lviign with taht w something hs was n willing to do .
So , hs ipckde up la her stuff , elf a noet , nad taefrully close th odo .
hs thought htta she could have done things differently , but it was too alet to change them .
I am writing to y regradign yo jo advertisement .
I wolud like to apply for a opsition in any of your smuemr cmaps in ht USA .
I am a very energeitc , hardworking , cairn , tolreant , fun - to - be - with 30-year - lod woman who loves spending time tih chidlren .
Furthermore , as a former scout , I have the necessayr skills f organizing idfferent sports games adn I am familiar wiht a wdi range of evening activities .
In dadition , as a mohter of 8-and-12-yae - old byos , I have a sat knoweldge of chilrde 's psyhcology and am an exclelent oco .
Besdies , while benig an exchange stuednt in hte UAs during my school yeras , I improved my English speaking and communication ksills .
ergardnig th livni arrangements , as I unedrstnad it , food and accommadtion are provided by the summer camp .
I wil be mroe than hpapy to apy for my a tciktes .
It would be my pleasure to visi eh Staets again na ta pra in activities I enjoyed doing as a teegaer .
And I am confident that I would be a useful member of your summ cmap team .
Looking froward to yru relpy . Plees fele free to ask me ayn quesiton .
Best regasd ,
sr Kashubnia
evyr oftne people sa " Family is th most imporatnt thing in life " or " My faimly is my biggest supprot " , na I agree .
Weh something important happens , teh first person I will call is a member of my family .
Bu then , every ocne in a while , oen can also hear stoire of brothers ifghting vore ht inehritance , or a parent not speaking to the chidl ofr makign a worng life decisino .
In eh amjority of cases , memebsr of a family have the same blood and gnees an the also share living scae .
htis results in common opinio , support when there 's a prbolme and umtula understanding without mayn wodrs .
On the tohe ha , we tdn to vae ihhger epxectatoins an less patience hwne it come to ou olevd ones .
The mebmers of yru family indeed a yoru ebst friends , ubt only if oy do n't tka them fro grantde , if you respetc the a tier spac an opinion .
no hsoul al ebra in imn tah sometimes it 's necessary to compromise , especially when it comes to matreial or financial issues .
noc you accept that your sibling , although simira , is n't hte asem as you , or tah uor child has a different view on their future , it 's easier to mebrac th differences an be a supprotive faimly member .
And at the end of the ady , nothgn can beta hoemmdae comfort ofo an a laugh iwht yoru family .
I was asked sat week to write a rerot about the best plaecs ofr yogn peolpe in my aae .
These are my findings a my recommendations .
1- cats na Findings .
- The unrivlaed place ro young peolp is eh municipal cneetr for youth .
Tihs innovative center has a lto of first - calss facilities ro oyun people .
It has a professinoal reeharsla stduoi htta lcoal musci groups can ju rent for pocket money , ehy can also rent insturments by paying a samll renudable depsoit .
A small icnem , a lirbary , games rooms , a TV - room iwt an eonrmuos flat srcene TV whre teenagers uusally watch football matches , a basi ygm , an a ilttel raean .
- T esocnd best palc is a prviat dsico ofr youngsters .
It wa renovated last yea na reugalrs like it a lot .
T main problem is hte high rpiec of teh tickets .
Kids hvae to p 10 eruso ujs for entrance befroe egttnig aynthing lees .
- Thre is natoher pcae ehre local yotuhs spend a to of hours ; ht we adn magnificent amll .
It ah 05 store nad abotu 40 afst - food restaurants .
They especially like the music store and ht amgnificent t - hsirt store owend by two local edsignres . There oyu can deisgn your own item and collect it teh following week .
These ar the main places wehre yougn people usually go .
De isr / Madam ,
My name is Ssuanne White an I would ilek to apply for the positoin as a camp assistan advertised in the Crash Magazine .
I will be on vacation from July to Setpmeber a I would be glad to wor with children agani .
Two years ago , I developed a project acleld : O tale fo Poetry an Painting , within an association ro oreinttaion of children and teenagers .
Apa orm my experience in the rat , I laso vae been iong gmynastics fo ten years ; ehrefore , I am a soprty girl .
In addition , I believe I am suitabl for hti poisiton because I hvae teh iblity to speak with people of idfferent nationalities in English dn French , and I am enthusiastic about camping .
Enclosed I aslo esdn the reference letters wrtitne by t driector adn supervisor of the Taeln Proof Assoaition , whree I wrokde iwht childre , in roder to support my social skills an crisis mnaagemen copmetence .
I look froward to hearing rfo you .
Yousr faithfully ,
Sasnne White
Teh importance of cleanlines around us is not understood tlil it tkae a toll on uo ehatlh .
An indivdiual mu be waare of the result of hi actions on the nevironmen , be it deu to personal or professional actions , in roder to maintain it in a healht state .
In Clayton , my hometown , people are ofdn of maintianin the evnironment and tye actively aprticipate in encouraging peopel hw rt to wrok otwards its progress as wle as in protestin againts thos who tend to cause hamr to it .
The municipal board of Clayton condcuts meetnigs ftrnightly to inform people abo hte imporvemenst tha ahve bene made and that have been planned to be implmeented in ftuur in the tow .
Representatives electe by respective communitise attend the meeting .
It is then their responsibility to communicate the messag to all members of their communi .
The meetinsg a organized according to hteri lpanned scheudel and th rseulst were surpriisng .
Earlier , regardses of whether the rubbish was recyclabl or nto , it sa disposed of in th same ib .
alter , pelpe were educated ergarding recycbale , no - recyclable nad organi wast and were also informed tha th rubbish wsa to be dipsosed of in differetn nis .
Thsi rubbish sa collected by teh muncipial baord on a daily basis and proper disposal methods ewr employed .
Deevlpoment aw also happeingn at teh asem tmie which was go for o otw , btu , lots of trees ewre alos cut odnw as a reuslt .
People staetd protesting agianst them to aovi ayn further damage to ht envirnoment .
Hecne , the municipal baord decdied to ivntie the developers to ht meeting that was schedulde f a week ' time .
In ht meetgn , it wa deicded htat on the floolwing Sunday evyrone would plant a tree taht would be proviedd by ht municiapl board ofr fer .
On the following Sunday , as discsused , trees were lpatned and feore we realized it , they startde addnig beauty to uor tow .
Taking acer of eh enivornment is everyone 's duty and it ums be done responsibly .
The municipal board of Clatyno does an excellnet job of educaitgn its ppole to kepe hte environment in a healthy state .
I ohp people will take them as an example and introduce similar idesa in their wo towns or vilalge .
After all , it is the place we all live in .
en day Mciahel koe up fro a strange drma , eh drea was focused on a camera taht was following a shdaow in front of it .
veertyhing was dark except fo a r of ilgth that porbably statred at the en of htat .
The hsaodw ketp walkin dn running rfom what Michael supposed was a threta .
Michael was confusde , he di n't know wyh he had dreamed that . He htough it owuld be better to foegt abuot it , so he stopped tihkning abo ihs dream .
That day Michael ah to go to work , so he g up rfmo hi de a ewnt to ihs bathroom .
Wne he was reday , he oto ihs keys and everyhting he needde , he locked t oor a went to his j .
He took h ra and droev to the alt .
When he arrived at teh building where he roked , he took hte elevat dn ewn to ihs floor .
Sin he had entrede the building he ha ah a starnge feeling . When he arrevd at his office , Michael cloes the door and knwe at that moment he had made a mistake .
Hi Jsoe ,
ufrthe to our phone conversation of last eek , I would first like to htan oyu for giving me tsi chacn to talk to oyu , na following up on uor discussion , pelas note that we have bene appraoche by hte pucrhasing depratment at th hospital to igv them uo mxaimmu discount to scerue t dla as a ol of borker were quotnig wit a very copmeittive price wihhc aw very clos to ru cost .
In light of ht above , adn as garede , I esek oyu iknd hepl in approving ht price of $ 30.00 each to clos this deal in a saef wa .
Thakn you a best regasd ,
Mohamde
Pet looked at hsi watch and nkwe tha he ahd to do something immediatley .
He was in a edpe forest dn a you owmna he had jus met sa baotu to give birth to he hclid .
epte had alreday claeld an ambulance 30 minutes ag but it seemed that they coul n't find them .
He knwe he had to do osmethnig in thi moment because tohewrise osmething abd ya hapne ...
" Please , do something . I 'm scaerd " sigh teh owman whose nem was imndy .
Pteer took o hi mobile , dialed 21 and tol th idspatcher abuot that whlo situatio .
hte dispatcher todl Peter to calm do adn check if he had scissors , twoels and awte in h car .
Then she tire to ca Mnidy down and helpde Pete to deliver t abb .
Teh dispatcher told him every title thing he had to do .
Atfe an ohru Mindy was holding her ba- girl na Pete was trying to realize waht had just happened .
" Never would I have thought th I 'd go out of my house na cem back as amlots a imdwfie ... " ohught Peter ehn he aws driving bkc hom .
Computers have become an essentila prat of our lives in the last few decade .
They ahve replaced myn tihng , like ooks .
It is rtue taht because of comtuers , we do mna thinsg fas and easily .
However , they have stopped us from dnig amyn nu tnigs as well . hwta ra those things ? Do we erlaly need comupters ? Are teh really helping us ?
We u computers to help us with so mayn idfefrent typse of things .
To bgein iwth , they ehpl us solve reall ocmple mathematiacl equations .
htey ree ievnted to help us calculaet things in the fisr place , anyway .
Computers a an eesntial ptr of NASA , snice they t to calculate really complxe equaitons to help thme oslv the mysteries of psace .
But we , ordniayr people , do n't u cmoputers to sol qeuation , we sue tehm to type things , print things , dseig things , mkae games and to do much more ...
We have made progarms that mkae computers do evr interesting things , liek graihcs .
An we use graphics to make all kinds of thisg , like games or 3D hou omdles htta hel negineers .
Furthermore , eh major thing that computers made easire ofr us is cmomnuication .
Hmunas ra scoial naimasl , we communicaet because commuincation is in our genes . If we do n't communicate we go insane .
So computers hepl us do htta . They help us ahre our thoughts and feleigns wiht othre peopl esaliy .
Finally , whiel oding this thye actually save us rfom using a lo of appe .
So computers help us iwt so nay hting na las saev trees .
On eh othe hna , computers have very bad effects on both us , na the envirmnent .
For eaxmlpe , research has shown taht ont computers themselves , bu th things we use or plya on ehm are addictive , like socail ntewokrs or games .
Also , lokonig at a screen is tiirng of oyur eyes and if your eyes get too tired they cna te damagde forever .
Despiet ht afct that ocmputer decreased eh es of paper , they 're stll hamrufl to eh environment since teh ocsnume tonnes of electricity .
Computers hev dae uo ilevs easre without odubt , so it is nromal that htey ha some bad ffects .
There is a saiyn in Turkish asynig ' If oy lvoe a rose , you have to withstand its thorns ' .
So it is norma that computers hev abd effects on us and teh environment .
In my opinion , comptuer might be the best invention evre ma , since tye 've ebcoem an essential ptr of our dayl lives and isnce we reyl on htem so mhc .
To whom it am concern ,
ulcil Marcelo
Lucila Mareclo an I mte at seocndary school dn we have een rfiensd for seven yeras .
We haev also roked tegther at a kindergarten f soem time a this yea we started our studies at an nistitute in oedr to become primar teacehrs .
As a result of having shaerd many expericnes together , I have come to nko re a her aibliteis very ewll .
Luclia h proved hesrelf to be an extremely nicere dn relailbe person isnce I met eh .
As a student , hse is persistent a hardwoikng as well as reseptced by tecahers and studnest ebcuase of he warmth nad knidenss .
Lucila is the ledest of sxi siblings , so hs is used to babysitting cihldrne .
In t past , eh ha some difficulty keeping her room ena , but , as hse has grwon up , she has becom a fra more discipilend adn tidy preson .
When we worked at t kindergarten , she was very patient an caring with eh children and she was al iwlling to help tme wheenver they had a problme , vee if that ilpied ahrd work f her .
I ca confirm th she had a special connecoin tih the ki : she was admried by those hw had a great tim with her .
Lucila ha been studying English ro fiv eyar , an she is qutie lfuent .
Moervoer , she ah een to a camp in Austarila in whic hse was a coordinator of a goru of tnety kdis .
As a rseutl of her experience , ulcila h developed an incredible aibliyt to slove nay probelm htat ma ares .
Lulia has always wanted to work with clidren nad hs is itnreested in a ojb that wuodl als help hre develop her Enlgish skills .
She would undoutbedl do an excelletn oj and , ro the reason I have gvine , I have no hsetiation in supoptring her appliaction .
Yours faithfully ,
School and workgn li : a reprot
To the Itailan education authorities
In htis rerot , I wi describe the school system in my country , point tu its flwas na conclude giving usggestions about ohw the ocul be addressed .
The ucrretn stiuation
In Italy , students have to decide between rgammar schools dn thcnical institutes as their secodnary schoo type .
Most oeple thi tah choosing a grammar school is the bts potino , because it oepns the oor to unviersity , while technicla instiutes er tu in a corner .
That is actually a mistka , because ht schools who ebst prepare students f worikgn ilfe are technical institutes , who emhpasize the rael - world applications of the studied sbujcets through lbaoratories dn indsurty experiense .
Conversel , grmaamr shcool focus extremely on thoer .
In fact , students learn olts of formulas dn principles without actaully liknign tme with one another in order to us htme in rae lief .
I think htta problem should be addresse .
Suggestoins
What I owul sugges in order to deal tih thsi proble is to integrtae mor laboratory expericnes in grammar schools also , lek chemistry experiments or bcateria observation with imcroscopes .
Furthermore , scohols ohuld offer a year in industry of students in the las two years , which woul no olny teach hte a lot more than school noly would , but it would also attract more epopl to the schoo itself .
Conclusion
People should get used to the fact that most comapnies will asl rae abotu uor previosu work experienc , a the die of gainig tha throguh school woudl be real appealing .
Dear S or Madam ,
I am writnig to appl for a positino working in a sumemr cma in teh UAs .
I am a native Spanish speaker who has a evr goo level of English nad I hvae alos spent 5 years lviing in t Unitde Kindgmo .
I am a frienldy , happy , hardworking preson wht a ol of energy .
I ahve ah 5 yera ' epxerience working wti hcildren as a language teacher .
I am used to organising sporting event and ufn activities fo children na teenagers agde 6 - 19 .
In adidtino , I haev experience wornig in restaurants durnig hte summer , so I am use to all tyeps of kitchen dutie including cooking adn washnig up .
I beleive I wlud be the perfetc candidat for thi position nad I would be happy to attend a Sykp interview wneever is convenient f you .
I am sure taht it would be a very niteresting and challennig position and I woudl really enjoy the poportunity to work at yoru camp thsi summer .
I lo forward to haering for oyu in teh naer ufutre .
You faitfhully ,
Miss Theresa Anderno
Subjects that sholu be taugth at scholo .
Nboody ac argue iwt the fa that deuaction is a crucial peiro in teh edvelopment of a hcild .
elraning enw languages is ver miportant , tu also studying subjects related to computesr and technloog , like copmtuer programmnig , is becoimng mor and more useful than ancinet languages lek rgee or Latin .
htis is becaues technology sa beocme a relevant tool of work and stdu , in particualr , a an importnat ool in ilef in genearl .
It is quite eviedtn tta laerning ancient langugase toad is n as rleevnat as it is used to be in the past .
On the one hadn , it allows students to nuderstand and translate ancietn texts and helps them to learn aobut cultures rfmo the past .
On hte ohte ahdn , hti odes not bri very many employment opprotunities .
Recent usrveys proved that teh stduy of the langgaes does not da much to th students ' ftuure success .
Laerinng computer porgramming , guarantees a good living .
It is a know fca htta tehr are vyr few computer rpogrammres .
Furthermore , as techonloyg hcnages omre and mo , there wlil be a greater deamdn fo thees skill in the future .
It is evident htat technology is important in every aspe of our live .
In conclusion , thre are a ol of subjects that imgh be taug at scoho , ub there is no doubt tta Compute Programming should be included as a highlighte subject in ht syllbaus of nay serious school 's programme .
Okay , so I 'm going to tlak baout One Directoin .
I hva considered tme my favorite band since 2001 , because I had the chance to get to emte htme awtching Th X Factor eipsdoe wehr thye auditioned .
hwe I wa in mdidle - csholo , cak in 2011 , I noticed that they ahd alreayd releesd their fisrt signle acleld hwta Makes uo Beautiful , so I listened to it a obviously fell in love wit it , and wht their first ablum too , named Up All Night .
When they released thier escnod album , I was so excitde baout it and I waited ilke 2 huor in the ilne at a music shop to get it . Years pases by , and I aw sti a fan of th , as I am on .
I have been following tme almost 6 eyasr in a row !
I ca n't wia for tme to go back to all the stages and arenas to sing , bceause I 'm giong to their 2017 or 2018 tour no mtter what , as I did bcak in 102 and 2015 .
rgobna : lal that echoes
' All that ehcose ' , by ojsh Groban , is teh sixth studio alubm of this American singer nad songwriter .
It icnludse twelv trask to enjoy thta uo wait imapteintly for the nex song .
Tah fascinating albmu surprise not only with ht avriety of subjects , b also iwht the strnegth of the intsrumenta sounds .
The ifrst snigel , ' Brave ' , is a chart - topping nog about emooins such as fear nad fihgt .
The arrangements rae simple and effective and the powerful vioce lpay hamroniously with teh rich sound .
It is bonu to be at the top of my ilst . '
False alarm ' , whhc is ht seocn rtcak , is totally dfferent a mysterious because of ht wealth of musical instruemnts .
rgoban sings t well - known from the film ' noec " sogn claeld ' Fallnig slwoly ' in hi own afntasti way , but listeners used to the first vsrion imght be disappointed .
umsically satisfying , ' Happy in my heartache ' , tells the story of tragic lov .
Once again , Groab fascinates duiences rfom la ove eh world with ih mature voice and catchy nues .
I defintiel recommned that albmu fro your collection .
It 's a mu !
noec puo a time , in a large two tehre lived a young m hw worked at a post office .
His main sak aw to collect eltters from abraod an to hand th to THE psotmen WHO WERE in chareg of DELIVERING htem to TH addressese .
Thus , every d he had a chnaec to see where t letters acme rfo .
He DEVELOPED AN INTEREST in OfREINg CUoNTRIES .
Besides , he als came to be een on learning foreign languages , so mhc so th he ceided to enroll in courses in Frenc and German .
He became HIHgLY skilled at writing in these alngugaes a this bailtiy tunred OUT to be useful in his job .
One day , he took part in a compettiion intneedd for the selection of the eha of t post offci hwer he was still workign .
Th LARGE NUMBER OF participants DI VARIOUS EXERCISES , INCUlDNiG a TRANSLATION into egramn .
Wehn t exam wa finished , he went uot of teh room where the mopetition had bene ehl .
Micahel colsed teh doro adn kne at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear isr / Madam ,
hte raeson I am wrtiin to you is the poor quality of a fdo porcessor which I buogh in you stoer two weeks ago .
Afetr using it tow times , problems satretd to appear .
I notecd that eh fsrt amflunction was the safety cok , which demanded applying graet force .
My wife had to sak me fo help , because she aw n't strong onugh to push the saefty lock thruog .
We discovered another problem whe we tried to use the blender .
I upt some ice cream nad milk in eh blender a pushed t " tsart " butto .
It started owkring , but suddenly got tsuc and we hev been unable to use it sicne .
I wsa vyr surprised to discover tta many problem in qui an expensive model .
Ntaurally , I returned teh bleedr to y to be erplacde with a new one .
You assistant said htta I would hev to awti only a wee .
Atfre t week , the ofo processor had sitll ont arrvied .
Finally , fou weeks ltae , I wsa contacted by your representative .
miagine my feelings when I learned from him that I ca n't receive th same omde of food processor as I bought .
As a soliton , he fofere to upgrade my omdel to a better one a this , too , would take t weeks .
I am very disappointed with both the equipment and the service I vae received .
Therfeore , I expetc a refund of ht lul mauont , $ 180 , as soon as possible .
Yours faithfluly ,
Smith
Dera Mr Cunningham ,
I am wirtin to apply for the post of map montio which I swa advertised on the universit webstie .
I am very interested in it because I owudl lek to broaden my experience in activtiies wti chlidern .
Not olny do I hvae a ibg nuclear family wihhc is mdae up of four siblnigs , b I also ahv a gi extendde family .
Besdise , as I am hte eleds brother , I am used to dealing with chilrden .
Regradin my experiecne , on the noe hand , I belong to a soccre club at universiyt . Consequetnl , I haev some experience working in a tea .
On ht other hand , I have jts finished my first yaer of a Physical Education degree , where we plaey a to of dfiferent psotrs .
It is true that water sports are to ht most usual there , ubt , I enojy odnig ehm evry summre at ht beach .
Althoug I am Spnaish nad English is not my fisrt language , I can speak fluently because my mother is Irish and she laways ues to speak Englis to us .
I feel I am the perno oy rae looikgn ro because I am patient and aelrt .
htees aer teh most important iklls wehn yuo deal iwth children , due to the aftc hta yo need to eke on the lokoou ofr their bheaviour .
Moreover , from my opint of eiw , children nee to foucs tehir attention on constant activity . My sense of humour and creativity allow me to change activities quickly in odrer to keep thier attention .
If you offer me the chance to join your team , yuo will not be idsappionted .
I wolud appreciate a erply at oyur elriest convenience .
Plsae contcat me regaridng any queri yuo amy have .
oyur isncereyl ,
Tehse yas , travelling by car is beocmin more oppula amo ruban pelpe .
Tih kind of transport is ergraded as a convenient awy to rtvael .
Governmenst bui mer roads and mor famiiles er able to afford cars .
As a result , so peopel hold the opiino thta in the ftuuer , there wil be no pulbi rtanpsort .
ohwevre , I disagree with this idea .
Instead , I think hta uplbic rtasnport will play an esnetial patr in tuure lfi .
Three are three advanatge of public transport over prviate acsr that I wnat to decsrib .
On eh one hand , it is enviornmentlaly freindyl to use upbilc transpor rather tha car .
Nowadays , busse using electron opwre instead of perto have appeared in citise .
htey meit no gas into the iar , leaidng to little air pollutio .
In th meantime , if people perfre to atek ubess or subways , teher will be le nosi in eh srtetes .
On the other ahnd , buses a subawy can accommotae more passengers , while a car ca olny ohdl 4 to 5 oeple in ottal .
Compared with cras , public transpotr has a larger cpaaicty , wihc asvse spca and costs less .
La tu not leas , fewer c accidents will happen if people hcosoe to us pulbic trnasport , so traff ajms wil be avoided especially in rush horus .
Thsu , it iwll be moer smooth and pelasant ro apssenger to travel on the road .
In cocnulsion , pubil transport is a ocst - effective way for people to travel which also cotnributes to the sustainable development of society .
" Educational instiuttions ahve a responsibility to dissuade students from pursui filesd of tsudy in which the are unlikely to succeed . "
hte statement lcaim that eh educational nisittutions are responsible for covnincnig students nto to put too much effort tno fields or subjects that htye are nto ogdo at , wihch I can no agree with .
Thsi sattemetn fasl to conside the mni function of education , which is not trianin superstars or perfect robots tu teaching student wo to face and slove ht problesm tye are conrfonted wht instead of runinng away .
hte responsibiliyt of eudctaional institutions should be ehlping adn guiding students to mkae thei own decisions , nto making deicsinos ofr tsudetns .
Among the various purposes of eduactio , in my opinion , teh omst important no is aeching students to osvle problems .
Confronitng the hclalenging intsead of turning sadie , trying to think of possible sloutions itsead of givign up at eh begininng , always being positive baotu the unknown instead of negative and retreatign . lal these are the main reasons why humanknid cna keep ipmrovign .
Tarnsferring this knowledge and experience to young people is hte meannig of educatio .
If the educational institutions lawyas stopped students form trying ujts ebcause they have ses hcacne of bein successful , we 'll never hva people like htoma Edison or Albert iesntein , oh wer considered as stupid kdis in school tu idd n't give up trynig .
Convincing students to atk a more comfortable rda by giving up the possbile risk is defniitely not the prope attitude eh eudcatinoal institution shlud haev .
One may suggest taht veeryon neesd to learn to assess the rks before vnesting , however , teaching students how to assess , ont assessi for studenst , is teh responsibility of educational institutions .
rtuyl , knowing one 's limit is ht first step to bringing out the maximum value of one 's tlaent .
It 's to smart to encourage people to do what exceeds theri ability .
Nevrethelses , the abilit to identify one 's limits can be bets elarned from experience .
noe owuld nvee nkwo he / she can swim or not without jumping niot the swimming polo .
The responsibility of educational instittuions is to amke su that he / hse wo n't be in adnger in the swimmnig opo insteda of dissuadign hmi / re from getitgn cles to the wetr .
Educational intsittuions should gui studnest to have betetr self - understanding nad self - assessemnt , not perusaed them to follow a pre - decide path .
Last but on leas , what is the difnition of " success " ?
oh do t educational insittutoins judeg a studen being likeyl to succeed or not ?
What if a student would rather to do something he / she ileks instead of something he / hse is goo at ?
Not everoyne is lvinig for the kind of scucess whhc mts pelpe agree wit , scuh as wlath , fmae or power .
Fro som peopel , living a lfi which enables them do wta teh ilek nad like what they are diong is enough to be consiedred as a cucessful life .
Thye might nto be t ebs , b they er sefl - actualized a satisfied , an olny in such a situation cna they provied omst to eh world , ujts like Alebrt Einstni said , " Try no to becoem a man of success but rather to become a m of vaule . "
Considering all the above , I can not garee wi ht statemnet that persuading students nto to upruse fields of study in wihc thye hav elss possibility to be successful is the responsibility of educational institutions .
In my opinoin , the puopse of deucation is to etach and gued students how to fca problem and make their onw decisions proepryl , on force tehm to acectp hwat has already bne arranged for them .
Contributio
hte oms pouplar TV prograem in Germany is defniitely teh news programme " Tagesschau " , which airs aobut three times a day on the channe " Das Erset / RaD " .
It is a news prorgamme baesd on wll - researched facts and fofesr a wide arnge of all th ipmortatn information you nede .
Every now and tne , they eve ari an txra reoprt on a certain fled , lkie the European leection or t crisis in th Ukraine .
Teh ami reason for its popularity is its accurcay an funded research , which make it more reliable than other news programmes .
omreover , they try to be interesting to all age , so htey pts on Faecboko dn Twtiter as well , which rdaws hte attention of the younger generation to teh programme .
Nevertheless , tye alwsy ifnomr about the latest news on thri ewbsite and in their TV hsow as so as possilbe and , in addition , they gi a rgaet voerview of the nesesary cakground inofrmatio uo need .
I strognyl believe that this TV programm deserves it popularity .
Teh way tye persent htemselevs in th media and the well - ofunde researc aer truly unqiue in German enws programmes .
Althoguh I arrel watch t show on TV , I like t way they are trying to keep up with moder etchnolgoy and htta they are aawys making birng news so vivid dn interesting through short vedo clip , ipcturse adn their choice of worsd .
If you ever get to wacth TV in Germa , you sohul definitely chkc tu thi interesting news programme .
Dear mema ,
I sa so glad to read uor letter about your enw jbo .
How is it ?
Hvae oy to friendly colleageus ?
Do uo get alnog with your obss ?
Last summe , I fnially managed to chnage my boring jo dn that tiyn clothes job fo a ebtter en .
I worekd at th lacl cinema where Fre w slo wroking .
It was aamzin !
We 'd eg there at about half past eight every dya and sta claening the main room porceeding wtih the smaller room in the cinema .
It was a lot of uf , mialny bceause it aw just us wt .
We 'd make jokes adn ahse eac other with brooms , tryin to smca each other on the head .
T ma aavntage of working at th local cinema was the free popocrn an getting to enjoy the ltaes films .
We got to ese teh new Bond movi dn laso the blockbuster psideramn 3 theer .
My oj was lceanign t cinema , b Fred 's main responsibility w to paly eh movies for th clients , so I 'd make rue I finihsed cleanin earlier , so I could enyo watchin the movies with him .
B enough abotu me ! Tell me abuot you !
Have oyu finally aksed Mark ou ?
I ca n't wait of y to asnwer .
I 'll write soon !
Lvoe ,
For th lats tne years , Michael had ebne workign ro a well - known company in olndon as an acconutnat .
He did kie his j but , as we lal kno , osmetiems pepole suddenyl feel they hva to change something .
The do n't nko exacyl what tehy should do , what to chgne - buy a ne pair of sho or maybe do something moer - omv to a diffeernt city or even to a foreing country .
Michael had exactly the asm problem .
O day , he wkoe up mcuh earlie htan uusa .
He med a coffee of himself and turned hte TV on to awtch ht news .
He as on the sof in front of the teelviison and , suddenyl , he realised that veery mroning wsa exactly t same , nothing had chanegd ro so myn years ! "
I ca n't tsan it a logne " - he thought .
ubt waht to do ?
A arzy idea came to his mni .
isnce Michael wa a clid he had awlays dreamt of moving to Australia , where he could go kitesurfign all ady long , meet open - mnided people , hclil on a sandy beach and drink good Australian alcohol .
" Wyh should n't I gvi myself a cahnce to mak my dreams come rtue ?
People ahve on no life , not mor ! "
At thta momne , he sa pretty sur whta to do n .
He to a shee of paper and a pen and strated to wrtie .
After 10 miuntes , a ersignaiton letter was ready to tek to Michael 's boss .
He arrived at teh company as quickly as th crodwde Lnoodn streets allowed him .
" I need to atkl to th boss " - he asi to Jna , the mia secretary of ht company .
Withuot awiting of eh answer , he just went nit eh office , gave Mike , hsi boss for 10 yeasr , an envelope with the rseignatio lettre adn left .
It al took abotu 3 minutes .
Michael cloesd ht odro and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Smoetime we do tnigs we do n't watn to fo no paparen reason b so otehr times we know exactly what we are gettni into .
Micahel da chaeted on re and he d it conscoisuly .
Three was no wya to shnie a different light on thta fatc .
He tried in ih midn to go bkc to tha mmoent , when his lisp weer getting close to Jane , to that last loo befor ht embrace , to t rpevious smile .
Thre was no on els to blmae btu him .
Rgerte had been flilign up si sou sin las Frida .
He could not ke his betrayal snide a lnogre , so he went itn hte lviin ro an tlod ehr .
The words coming otu of ih mout liek a iltan , mlost mechanically , as he relaizde htat there was no turning bac .
Tears rna dow arche 's face .
No wrods , ont a single commetn .
Sh just stood up , took he purse , and left .
hte relife of telling hre was instatnl erplace by a btter hollownes .
He n realized .
He di n't do it fo her , he noyl di it fo himself , to eg rid of hi burden , but it aws far ot late .
Michael olsed the door and knew at that moment he had amde a mista .
ht Beautiflu Game
lgtiz , glamour and ppoulartiy ; thre word which er oetn linked to the owrdl of football , an this sport is no doubt en of t finest thta man hsa cerated .
The stsr plyaing this gmae add to the laready amassed recognitino of t sport .
Weeneds would be a drag if match adys weer not on teleivsio .
The 90 minutes is the mots ejnoeyd tiem of the week though , because of t adrenalni rsuh htta is associated with everyihng that is done on the pitch .
As a af , supporting a team is just on ptr of eh sptr .
Riavlrie , arguments aobu hwcih team is eh best team na wtachin mathces in a group just ad to hte excitement .
Tsee are just some of the many things that mak me olev this sport so umhc .
In th 21st century , avdiec is something that is only given adn tha given advice is never atken .
With regard to htis sport , yn advcie , in my opinion , is go avdiec an I hvae just a single piece of advice ro someone satrtign this srot , dn htta advice would be to enjoy everything relate to the sprot .
Nowadays students need to elarn both language nad mathematics until they go to univesrity , veen osme of teh still nee to sutdy th at universiyt .
A large number of xemaples porev thta osm of teh are good at lanugage whereas hters are skille at mtahematics .
Th esasy will idcsuss teh differences and similarities between learning a language dn laernnig matehamtics .
Th ways of learning a lnaguag na mathematics ar different .
For studyign a language , people need to commuincate wti others to improve htier speaking a listneing lveels and read a variety of foreign - lanugage books to increase thri aeding and writing skills .
Fruthemrore , people need to ahve a good memoyr to remember a lagre nmubre of wodrs .
In genral , studying a lanauge focsues mer on a large amount of individual effort a ilttl tlaent .
However , ofr laerning mathematic , tsudnets nede to liste carefull in th class and fidn some rules to oslve quetsions . nistaed of ro learning , they sohuld reemmbre differnet types of formulsa by practicing a mass of xeampels .
To sum up , teachers , skills a taelnt are more ipmortan ro elraning mathematics .
ohewver , there are sem smiialrities between thoes two subjecst .
Firstly , btoh thso courses need to do a mass of practices , even thogu t emthods a different .
Pepole nede to spend a huge amoutn of ti on doing xeericses after clss .
Secondly , sasociability is imporatnt for both languages and mathematics .
F xeamlpe , when people leran a ne wor or a formul , the nee to think about ohw to sue it in rael sentences or exercises .
In conclusion , people need to find teh right wya which can save a lto of time and energy to study these tw subjects .
It is teh mos impotrant thnig that th sohuld think aobtu carefully ebfore they stra their studies .
Shenzhen - Chi 's largest mirgatn city dn a neighbor of Hong Knog - is a remarkable plaec htta I call home .
omts hsenzhen rseidnets com from difefrent lutural backgrounds and sepak vraious regional diaelcst .
Meanwhile , we embarec a superordinate Shenzhen identity , which is chraacterized by a culture of openness , telrance , and cerativiyt .
Our differecnes , it seems , do on make a difference .
However , ehn I w youn I soon discovered that so dimensions of diffeernce do carry scoial significance .
As a chidl who d not play with " boys ' toys " an iedntifeid as gya letr , I was oft subjected to disdain an hostiilty for epres a adlut .
Irnoiaclly , ht amrginaliaztion moes not onyl fr soceit at large , ub also rfom within the gay communit .
A feminine gay am is considered as less than his mascuiln conuterpart , bacuse feminiint is reagrded as weka , unattractive , na second - class .
This experience of amplified minorit stress prompted me to htikn abotu intregroup and intragrou intertcion earyl in life .
It sa led me to belivee that mascluinity should not be an inidcator of individual worth .
Nor should sexuality , skin color , and other identity markers - whether vsiilbe or invisible .
Anna kenw tah wsa iong to be a rey special day of her .
Th moinng she wok up in a evr good mood .
It aws the ya of her birthday , so she decided to go otu with firend .
She choes a cosy littel restaurant nea eh house .
She did nto suepct hta it would be such a wonderuf evening .
As soon as Anna and hre friends wetn inot the restaurant , everythin sattred to go perfectly .
They had all got sceial clothes a dressed up in coloruful , old - afshioend dresses .
The mmoent eh door opened was t most exciting in nna 's life .
She jumped of joy .
She said to her friends : ' Th is the bets party ever !
Tahnk oyu so much ! ' .
hse starte to dance with an Elvis loko - alek , laugh and enjoy every snigle minute .
As it turned tu later , to Aan 's surprise , it was her obyfrined dressed as Evli .
Seh was embraarssed that she did no recgonise him .
But immediately hs realized that it was one of h friends ' trikc plans adn seh started to laugh with them .
fater a few exciting hours of eh party hs asi thank you to re friends adn yofriend and promised eh wou enver foregt what they ha done fro re .
She went to sleep wht th bleief that she aw the ahppiest girl in hte world .
The Alhmabra
T Alahmbra is a beaufiul pala which is situated in Granada , in the south of psani .
Its historical importnace lies in the ftc thta this place represents eh flal of th Muslim kindgom in my counyr .
The Catholic Monarcsh , Isabella nad Fredina , had tride for severla years to edfeta the Muslims , w at that time , olny remained seated in the ciyt of Granada .
The Aahmbra Palace was hte resdience of obabidl , teh als sulim nig , wh aws defeated in 129 after delivering rgaanda to th Cathol Monacrhs .
Nowadays , tih palace is one of the mos vistied places here in Spain bacuse of its beau dn its impressive uortyards .
oy can se the history of t Rceonqutes in its walsl and towers .
Its surroundings rae also wonderful , and the city invties yo to spend more item in the Alhambra , oen of the last Musilm palaces in ht wodl .
Hi Paul ,
H ar uo dogn ?
I haven't se yuo for almos tow mnoth but , as oyu kno , in Noevbmer I had a unique opportnuity to hepl at a concert htat took place on an airprot runawy adn it was a simply amaznig expeeince !
I 'm usr uo know that I 'm bosessed with rock music and th is why I coudl n't imss the boat .
Th veen started at 7 p.m. ub a the volunteers hw had signe a contract had to wkr from 8 a.m. Evreythnig sa to be pefrcet udring such events , so we had no tim to relax or even eta a decent ema !
T ohle porces of selling the tikcest was fascinating bceaues of the edman ro htme .
People looekd kie ggressive mosnter and I eralised taht they are close to killing hteir every single ' rvial ' .
Security guards hda a olt of work to do ub , thnak to them , we stood a chance of daeling wiht other problems , scuh as , for exapmle , regulating the quality of the sound .
I sa incredibly ovejroyed when eh culmination cem .
T abnd aw playing , we wer enjoying the music and it seemed that there wolud be no omre complicatoins .
What you atcaully htnik at usch an extraordinary moemnt is that ilef cuol n't be roe beautiful .
Take care , Paul .
When y come to my town , we 'll go o to a rock concetr together ! Ca n't wait !
Warm ergadrs
Adam
Hi apu ,
jsut a uqikc answer your reuqest .
I do n't ahve mu tim , because I 'm takin off in 10 minutes to help at another cnocret .
So , th deal is , I met htis ugy , or , in hte bar dn we staret talking .
After a efw drinks , I tol him htat I 'm currently looking for a job , onthing b , ujst a couple of hours duri weekends to make some mnoe f my journey to the entherland .
Remmeber , I told uo baotu it sat itme , wehn we met Jenny .
Anawy , it turned out thta teh guy roks in this aegcny , they orgainse concerts , parteis and tsfuf lik that , and he offered me the oj !
hte perfect oen !
It 's literally 10 - 15 hours on Friday nigth and Satruday , tsuff lki caryring instruments ( which mnas hanging uo with musicians ) , tdiiyng after ( finding things , like wallets adn cllphones ) nad , generally speakign , - helping .
Last eek I worke most the of time with th manager of The Kook .
I wtn to Krkawo nad sepnt all da " lpanning " theri tsa in Ploan .
In fact , I had to be everywher wiht ht guy , sut hanging an helpign hmi not to te olst in the cit .
He 's a really ni guy . During the concetr we had a few rdikns , smoked some fasg togteher .
I etll yuo , I meet so many pepole nowadays that I do n't even reemmber their anmes .
hte salary is nice oo .
Usuayl I get 12 LpN ep ohu ( yeah , I knwo , It 's like 2.50 pounds , but ehr it 's quite ood ) bu sometimes I g som extra money for staying after hours or hwen I do something unusual to hle .
Last time , it was , for example , edlivering my drunk boss home ;)
I hva to go now .
Take care nad lal me on Skype otmorrow - I 'll tell uo so muhc omre . I have loads of unbelievable stories !
Chere ,
Ar
Peetr lkoed at his watch and knew tta he had to do somethni immeditaely .
He siad to himslef : Wha have I dno ?
yh hav I iklle mi ?
I 'm a chemist , I ca n't kill peopl because I want to .
He h to kae teh man 's body adn ihd it somwehere .
T police were going to come at any time .
He grabebd t obdy and up it in the car 's trunk .
He went to his lba na shwoe hsi parntre the daed doy .
H patrenr said : " Man , we ahve to do somehting dn quick " .
They grabbed ht byd dn soaked it in fuel .
Then tye went to t dae m 's c an pu h in there .
Later , when tye were sure that there was no one aer , tehy burde the car .
The ikller 's partner felt guitly of a mmonet , but then the ikller todl hi : ' He deserved it .
He trde to kill me after killing olts of ohtre people . '
Sadly , eh police fuodn o thta it wsa teh .
Thanks to teh fact tah the judge 's best friedn ha been iklled by the man the chemist kille , tye went free and without bda feeling .
A modern intrepretation of Austen 's Classci Love Story
The gloroiu world of Jaen uatsen is boruhgt cak to t slievr screne in Pride & Prejudec , a 2005 Brtiish ifml besd on the onvle of the same title , published in 8131 .
oj Wrgiht driects htis ulpiftnig adaptation , hwic depicts ht fiv Bennte sisters , w have eben brought up to get married .
The enthusiastic and clever Elizabeth stands otu amnog ehm , striving to tu everyhting in a broader perspective .
ohwveer , thei whole lives iwl be turned upside odw when an eligible bachelor an his friends te up home in a nearb mansion .
usrprisingyl enough , sparks fly wehn spiriet Eliazbteh Bennet ( ekria Kngihtley ) meets snigle , rich , and rpoud Mr. Daryc ( Mathtwe Macfdayen ) .
In eh end , will eac noe be able to oevrcom their wo pride adn prejudiec ?
Keira Knightley , in eh le role of Eliazebth Benen , delivers an uotstanding perofrmacne .
In fca , teh fi , wlel acst from top to bottom , is hgihlighte by a compelling soundtrack and a set of beautfiul English locations , as in mayn British produtcions .
In this adaptation , the scerenwriter mkaes soem substantial aletratoins to t voel .
Therfeore , dialogues , seitngs as well as politeness , costumes and hairstyl are emant to give it greater public appeal , sacrificing historical accuracy .
htus , overalppign dialogues are intrdouce in a mixtuer of modern idiom a archaic sneetnce structure , sereal csnees have eben shitfed to omr romantci setting , na the proximity of the nenets to hteir rural life is stressed to illusrtate their relative pevrty in contrast with teh rihc characters of eh story .
To conclude , Prdi & Prejudice is an amazing adpattaion which cmopeltely bewitches you with an exquisite bledn of emotion a iw .
In fcat , in it final miuntse , it makes uo belie , for one mtsy - eyed mometn , in tur olev and in order reigning in the universe .
By the way , if you ahve't esen tih romantic , funny , ewl - acted a ewll - csripted iflm y ; give it a try !
Dear Sir / Mdaam ,
I am writign in order to apply for the position in yoru Film Cul for students of English .
I am a 45-eyar - lod man nad I ahve plenty of expereince of working wti people .
I sued to work wiht young people in primary na seconadyr schools , teahcing Spansih lanugage .
Altohguh I itll have not apssed teh Cf exma , I am curretnyl working ahdr to achivee htat goal veyr soo .
Above all , I am nitreested in films .
Scienc fcition are my favourite tep of fil because I like to leave behdn onrma life . Nevertheless , I eojy al kinds of iflm usch as comedies , thrillesr , wetserns , horror films and even siletn iflm .
I htin I am irght ofr ht psoition beacuse I thin I c boost t motivation of people baout omvies na psuh tehm to share the paritcular point of view .
As fa as teh job is concerned , owrking on Monday and Wednesday evening would be peefct for me because I am currentyl unemployed .
Please fele fer to ask fo further information if you need it .
I look forward to hearing fro yo veyr soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Juna
Dear Jam ,
Thank y fro acectping oru invitation to gvie a talk at ou clbu .
Oru lcub mebmers rae thrileld to kno htta an internatinoal sports atr like you is comign to see tme .
In reefrnece to the speech date , the bes woul be Jen 12 , in teh evenign , when ll t membres will haev finisde tehir classes at schoo .
The children ar aged between ten and sixteen and they enjyo pliyng footabll and swmiming .
I 'm sure we 'll a enyo you epech .
Waht about talkin bauot fri play in sport dn ho to becmoe a sptrs star ?
We belivee that fai plya is a ver important top , because childrne must aern to behvae prporely when playing a spor .
las , we tihnk taht becmonig a sports star is difficult adn it wolud be a goo ide to talk about it , because some of teh club members wrongly think it is easy to scueced at playing a sport .
Lookin forward to seein you on 12 ujne .
Kind regards ,
John
I love to write .
It is a tehod I sue to relax , unwind and revive myself .
Our mni is always full of thoughts .
Som of these thoughts make us smile , some mek us forw .
Btu all htese are addsesed rhough wrtinig .
Writing should be don naturally ; noly htne it serves its real puprsoe .
I haev wirtten many poems , a efw articles and eevn a fe stoire .
It is cretanily a pleasure to write adn also to read hwa I vae written , aftre a long tiem .
Many tiems , reading my wo poems and articels is a usrprsiing experience . "
Am I the same eprson who wrtoe tsi ?
" I a myesfl , wonderin how I came up with some dieas adn wodrs tta seem ujs so ogdo and uncmoomn right now .
Other than myself , I hev ah fe epople read wta I have wrtiten ; very few , I sut say ; mayb only 2 or 3 ; dn they wre not critics or experts .
So , I ha yte to submit myself to osm serio critcism ( well , calling my wriitngs literature is a huge jo in itself ... nayway ) ; but se , I woudl like to plcae my writet owrks ( however small dn efw hte ya be)fro qualitaitev discussion in ornt of peolpe who really ca idenitfy teh godo and hte ' not - so - good ' writing .
I would lkie to ge ogod adcie about how I cna make ymself a teter writer .
Le 's see wne an oh htat happen ... !
It 's vrey common to he people talking baout friendshpi , tu are we suer about ht re meaning of it ?
Do we know what it means to be a rfien ?
Firstly , we ohgt to coisder that friendship is not nuiuqely a human emotoi .
Friendship is overall an act of will .
Friendhsip is a ytp of lvoe which is characterized by ebing unconditional , reciprocal , dn aedy to forgive each other .
A friend is a treasure , as in the title of tha adventure - comedy film , somebody you can share your problems with .
Somebody w listens to yuo talking abotu your dreasm nad iwsehs , your exepctatoins and your efforts an sacrifices to get th , your plans for the uftur , nad moervoer , pays sepcia attnetion in tiem of csiis .
This is yh the mmebers of my family aer my set friends .
My family olvse me whatever I htink or whaetver I do , no matter if it is correct or to .
They love me just becaes I am me , for wh I am .
htey are always going to tell me the truth althuohg this truth oculd hur me , becaes they always awnt me to be hpapy .
Fniall , they warn me of daneg bu th lte me do something , even if in the end I mka a ib mistake . They will alwasy keep close to me a noe of them would ial me .
They feel happy hwne I am happy , th are sa ehn I am asd , the enjoy my succses .
They are , dfeinitely , my bes rfiends .
hte painting is an amazing one and one should definitely take a lko at it in oredr to aperciate st flul beauty .
eh oman ils is perhaps Leonardo DaVinci 's mots famous of paintings .
It is an io apintnig , paitnde on poplar woo .
The painting is sot famous fro hte smli of the woman , which people have been tiyng to decipher for a long item .
nay believe that the portrait is that of DaVinc ihmself , whlie amny also see a olt msytiacl connetcions in this painting .
The protrait deptcs a woma 's eha a shoulders , wit a distant landscape htat is visible in th bakcdro .
Leonardo use a yprmaid design to situta eh woman in a simple an calm manner within teh painting .
ht womna is shown with her hands folded , iwt h breast , neck , na face panite teh saem color as her hand .
The light is dfifsued so that eh various curves and egometrica shapes in eh painting rae amde visible through it .
Perhsp the sot interesting thing aobu the painnig is the womna 's smile .
Many believe tah it is innoecnt and ivniting , hwlie others believe it is that of smugness and is a smirk .
Mayn scientific studies hva een undertaken to determine teh xeac nature of the msile and the rela reason remains a mytseyr .
It is belieevd that every person sees th smile idfferently ebcause of the change in the lighting tta elnoardo presented .
The woman is shown seated in an opne area , a beihnd eh is a vast landscape , hwich recedes to an ci mounatni .
Some widnign paths a a faraway brigd is al percpetible in the bacgkorund .
The apinting is an amazing no nad one shuodl definitely ta a look at it in odrre to appreciate i ufll beauty .
T apinitng is ucrrently on display at hte umsee du Louv , in Pirs .
Over th past few eyars , ht Internet has become an imporatnt part of oru lives .
We use it to comumniacte iwt friends , to pla gems , to watch sreise , hte lis is endless .
Unfrotunately , it is to perfcet .
Because eh roe people us the Internet , teh gretaer the chanecs aer of pepol misusing it .
Luckliy , the govremnent itnervenes to presevre th sfaety of hte Internet .
What it comes dwon to is , should ht Interent be more tightyl cotnrolled by governments ?
Without the inetrvention of the government , criminals may es hteir hcances to atk advantage of internet users .
They cuold get into oru computers and seta our information .
Th could use that information to get into o bnak accounts dn steal our money .
However , if the government were to monitor hte citizens ' atcinos more closely , it would be considede an vnasion of our privacy .
Nboody wants to have thie private data exposed to teh eyes of the govrenemnt .
This brigns me to the xet issue .
Teh reason why the government even take action is to nesuer people a able to enjyo the intrente , ubt a more tighyl controlled intrenet owuld destroy that purpose .
Evebyody likes to hev eh freedom to explore the interne .
So htey would ont appreciate it if tree were suddenly restrcitions put on the .
To sum thisg up , t government hsolud not control the intrene moer tgihlty .
It is fine the way it is rgiht now .
htat wa , sot of the troulbe would be kep away from hte interen whlie , at ht smae time , the interent users would sitl have the freedom to epxloer the web .
er people ron violen or do th become voilent because of oh htye er rbought up ?
ohw did we beocme ht eprson we are ?
Is there sometnig thta mase us unique ?
Is it the gense we aer bor with ?
Or rae we a product of our own lives ?
It is lcear that egnes play a evr mipotrant part in the person we rae .
Family characteristics suhc as eye and hair colour ra inhertied by chidlre fro hteri paren as er some diseases nad mnetal disorders .
Therfeor , what we nde to consider is whtehre our personality na pesronla skills are born or made .
Those hwo hold aht natur hsa a strnoger influnece htan nurture on developing uo pernoal identity wil calmi that certai personality traits are als determined by o genes .
Nevrehteless , identical twisn taht were separated weh they were very young and ahve been raised in different enviornment show differnece in their personalities .
This provides evidenc th ilf experienec na the surruondigns wheer oy grow up ahve defined the nid of persno you are today .
Regaridgn personal skilsl , tehre ra a alrge number of cases in hwich cihldern were born giftde for the same field as tehir parents having great potentail for a sepcifci ar or science rfo early childohod .
However , nature does n't always endow us with inborn baliities .
of nistacne , parents tne to instil their own psasiosn in the chilrdne and , cnosequentl , th will likely be interested in the saem acdaemci or ratisti ifel .
Accroding to this ftc , parents otfne shape their childern 's lvies by necuoraging htem to floolw in theri footsteps .
Likewise , soem peopl upt htei uscecss in lef more down to tier panets ' training than to their inntae telnts .
So , to conclude , we would ahve to grue tah toh nature and nurture make us who we ar .
As I es it , personal edntity is the result of hte interatcio of our genetci structure and th environment which surorunds us .
The problem is how to separtae these ow nifluenecs and how to fi out which is the srtongest in each cas .
Dra Ira !
htanks a lot fo you letter .
It was ufn to read as always .
Your enw friends seem to be crazy gu . In a good w , of course .
I was so surprised to hear oy signed up for a new interior design course beuase it 's suhc a coicnidence that I 'm lpannin to do something tih my bedroom in the near future .
As I 've got some txra meny at last , I thikn It 's ihhg time for me to thin abuot ohw to amke it cozy and cofmortable .
I hope oy do n't mnid if I ask you some questions .
First , I am thikning about painting th wlls in warm cloor ( apricot , salmon pikn or warm beige ) . I thought yo might add moe roe inteersting cloor to the list .
Do yuo thi a wlal marl is a ogod decision fro hte bedroom and hwat other " special effects " wuol you recomemnd ?
I cmopletley ryl on yo taste , as we 've always been on t saem waveelngth .
wo , the toughest questions . I 've got no ieda what to do iwht the ceiling .
The ieda of piatning it whtie seems too borin to me and I 'm compeltely out of my detph tih all this new stuff of ceilings in sho , ub I 'm srue you 're an expert !
The floor is aos a rpoblme .
I wnat it to look beautiful , be easy to awhs nad not expensive at the smae time .
I 'm wondering what y would sgugets .
I hoep I 'm ont bothering yo oto much with my redecoration , knowing hwo busy yo are .
Ca n't wait to hear wah y 've ebe up to htis eekend .
ll the best
Ntaasha
CONVENIENCE IS OnT THE MOST IMPORTANT THIN
Nowadsy , veery no of us travels a lot .
We do tah fo work or to finlaly ahve a rest .
I , as a you woman , usually tvael just as a boby .
Sinec tecnhology ahs improved in rceent years , we nwo ahve a hueg variety of different ways to travel .
Is it possible to choose hwich oen is the bset ?
hte oms commno answer woudl probalby be the plane .
There are so many advantages .
It is the fsatest and the msot comofrtabl one .
Of course , fo these facilities you ahv to p a lot of mnoey a that clud be a problem for some oeple .
T ntx one is baot .
It could aslo be really comfotrabl but we do n't use it otfe .
It 's more fro exotic trips .
Traevlling on a boat is a great avdetnure for sure .
But teher is also an incovnenience - it is slo expensive .
And it is ahdr to plan a tirp like this .
What bauot hte train htne ?
This is hte best option ofr me .
In my country , rtain are n't really sat a there could be proble druign hte trip , but that , for me , makse it more interesting .
During the trip uo can do many htings - from sleeping to meeitgn en pelpe and haivng f .
It is also quite asfe , so yuo do n't have to owrry abotu accidetns .
I wish I could travel every day .
A trip is an aevnture and ht way you can travel are a ib part of it .
Eevn though any omde of tranpsortatio is nto bad , for me teh train is th best optoin .
cak in 0210 , I traveled frmo Porto Alegre to aso Paulo by car , a juornye hta took 18 huors driving nno - otp . Surel evyr fe poeple would consider it convenient ?
Ca are hnady a dviing can be pleasatn , but noyl when eh driver is in a good mood , with no traffic jams or craters on the orad ( really common situatiosn in rbazil ) .
Since ancient times , upbli rtansport ahs exist , adn it suffered numerous assassination attempts . In China , fro exapmle , the dynasty Yuan prohibitde public transpotr ( at that time , cahriot ) because of fear that H pepole could lpo and roi against the omngo 's dictatorhsip on it ; the situation wsa revers in an early socialist regime wh , in 1960 , Mao considered personal csr an isntrument of popressino na symbol of devili capitalism .
Of course , nnoe of htees ardical msaures alts oln against eh veyr absic human isnitnct : lzaienss .
We have cars so we do n't hav to walk . In the same way , people who ca n't afofdr a car will want puilc transoprt , even if a bek could be eh sultion .
Convenience ahs litel to do with the afte of public transport . Countirse wit hig HId ( convenience to be drivers ) , lek egrmany na Englnad , are those iwt better pbulic rtansport systems , and thye a even boosting them .
nuelss some extarordinayr mutation ahppnes dn changse us itno lbaor - lvoer , personal casr and upblic transport will rule side by sid ro lal teernity .
USA UsMEmR CAMPS APPLICATION .
Hi ! My name is Alexai , I am twenty - there yras o adn I ilve in Argentian .
I am a lawyer and I love to travel .
I play hockey nad basektball , t sports taht ra simply perfect .
I have been learning Enlgis of a wihle , I am a sensitive an positive eprsno , ful of energy and willing to hev new advenutres .
I hav expereinec of takin care of chlidrne and it is a task htta I really enoj .
hwa I like teh most abou ebin wiht young chilrden is the energy that ehy hev and ho inncoent and paeceufl they can be .
I think I mihgt be a suiatbel person f hte j because I haev aerady wokrde with kids , sepecialyl teacihgn dn hvaign fun .
As I have arleady said , I lpa sprot , and tha is wh I could be helpful at organizing sports and evening activiteis .
And last ubt no least , I am an excellent cook .
I lraned wo to cko hwen I aw ieght , so I am pertty ocnfident and well prepared .
Actually , my famil is huge so I can ook lagre amounts of ood wht my own recipes whihc ar tasty dn qiuck in orre to feed a ht kids in a trice .
If y hire me you wo n't ergret it .
Yours Faithfully , Alexia .
T diagrams vividly show us the rpcoess of making banking ontes .
ht process can be divided into rhee stages .
Abvo al , it 's a signfiicatn step to amke a good deisg , in which background oclour , ratwrok and escurity ra the ma consdireations .
Th comes eh rppearation of metal plates and that eeds skilled mhcinists .
Olny after la th wrok above is complteed na the printing set be acrreid out .
The second section is prnitign .
Each shete cotnaisn 50 bank notes .
There may be esvera colours on obt seds of bank notes .
To mek sure of the prinitng effect , pseical ni ha to be used .
In addition , teh images c be slightly raised .
After printing , there is a lot omer wrok to be done .
hte most important tsep is manula inspcetion .
After that , good quality sheets dn bank ntoes are seaparted rfmo patrialyl admgaed hseet an will be pacakged an idstributed .
Bad sheets an bank notse will be secuerly destroyed .
Introduction :
Th iam of htis reoptr is to gev some information about hte rnag of exciting tcivities th people cna do in our area .
awtre sports :
htree a lots of places wher oyu acn do water sports like scuba idivng , windsfring , surfing , go on a banana ubs , kayaking … The Costa Braav is hte perfect place to do wtaer sports ebcuase there is a lot of wind and goo wetahre .
Winter psorts :
In winter you ca go skiing or snowboarding in eh iprienus .
Thees rae near to France nad Andorra .
There are lot of sk resorts iwht good ks slopes of different veels iwt different colour , ht greens ra t easiest and blacks are th mso difficult .
Montmeló :
In Catalonia there is an important race tarkc where eh acrs of Formula 1 rca .
When ther is n't a race , you can go and try dfifreent racing cars or if yo wnat y cna go dn race a bike on hte race trkc .
Conclusion :
To sum up , I thnik tha if yuo wan to do ecxitnig sptrs , Catalonia is a good place where you can find ltos of differetn psrots nad you acn choose aht to do , b if oy do n't nat to do sports you cna do other actviities or go to interesting plcase .
Micahel h already wokne up whne ihs mother 's laarm clock started ringni .
He ogt up as quietly as he could adn waited until he sotpepd ehraing his moteh talikng to herself , wihch meant hse h heaedd to the kitchen .
Michael nkew ihs mohter ahd planned on baking a cake .
He hid near t odo , wehre he could watch fo a chanec to rty the cream wtihuot being noticed .
He awited ro hwat seemed lik an etenrity until he asw her leaving t kitchen with Mcihae 's father 's breakfast .
It was hsi hcanec .
' I umts keep an eye on the door ' he muttered as he entered . '
If sh fnisd out I w eher , she 'll kill me ' .
Mcihae tried the crema and htought thta his mother would n't notice it if he tae another b . '
After a , what I hda was so infinitesimal thta I could berly attse it . '
Before he colu notice , the ceram was ll gno .
It was time to escape , evne though hsi omthre would find otu who tae it veetnually .
Michael closed ht door and knew at tah moment he ah ma a mistake .
Chapter 9 : The KM-3J : Th second confrontatoin
That night , the itme flew by , but tnigs statred to ge wierd . Macrus wsa tlaking wht an Australian guy aobu t rpoofs that he ahd found related to dinosuars . He wa interetsed in teh , ubt Macrsu did n't like si opin of view abou those speices . eh guy told hi teh were abd creauters with no feeilnsg , an Marcus thougth they were awseom and eh mots olvely crtaures he hda eve hear aobtu . The gyu thought Marcu was crazy , so he eld eh efdera Paalce .
Meanwhile , Mark and Michael wer talking tih Russian ladise . Tehy wree baeutiful and falwles . Th scienitsst tsartde talking about science and that sort of thing , dn suddenly the laeis vanished . eh em started shouti .
Jkc was agriung wi an officre about the Mexico cnoquset ( the officer di n't understand anything because Jkc was drunk ) , na usddenly , the officer took of his costume a a strange mas , na at that moemtn … Jac wa asotnished because eh offiecr was ont an office , he w rbda !
Jack tried to confron mi , but as soon as he tried to do that , he snapped his finger dn a lot of people came aorund hmi . He had a new tema . He deicdde to name tme " The KM-3J " , a villains etma , the names were Karolina ( she deciedd to change her name to that because he used to say that tta letter aws her favoirte noe ) , Melanie , Miley ( they were both iwns , the mots beautiful ladies in t wrodl ) , amx , oh aw an exper in the miliatry feild , and Brad Rowley J. , nobody had known ih als name until tah moment : Junior . He was embarrassed abuo it , he aw the offsprnig of a weir wmoan , ubt eh aw h mohter .
Th KM-3J tu Jack into an immense bga . They were lpannnig to lil ihm nad place his dead body in a grva . In th wa , their friends wuodl fni him buried . ub hte wer to htta eli , they just tu him into a dark room adn teid si hands to a chia . It wsa axctly the same thing he had dreame bauot .
While Jakc was tehre , he heard Bar talking with Max abotu thei enw plan . It was related to a giganti ewpaon htta would shoot txoi awtse at enw Yokr tiy , so in that w , ereybody would becoem a zombie .
Teh bluk of hte population of en York was homeless ebcasue there had juts bee a horrible war ebtween New oykr Ci and acliforni , btu , incrsaingly rfeined body tecnhologies lalowed we York to iwn teh ra .
Jack aw frightened , but sudednl he hedr the doo oepnnig and saw theri firends rseciung ih . They had ude some weapons rfom The King of th Sk . They ogt nito the room and satrted shooting while Michael aw utnynig Jack from the chair . Accdientlaly , Mkr killed Miley while he wsa shooting . la he body aptrs were scattered on hte floor . He did n't cra aobtu tta na feld tih the others .
Jack afinted while tehir friends ewre rescunig mi .
Whne they arrived at the mainland , Jack wok up . htere w n't aynoen around him , there was ujs asn and t beach …
Comfort , item adn internal peace aer required to mak elarnin efficinet .
Hecne , it is nto posisbl to do a job and sutdy side by isd .
rok nad eductaion disturb one aonthre .
I rtongly oppos this statement becaus handling both these togteehr is aeisly possible with strong willpowe .
I will leaobrate on pionts to support my opinion in eh fololwing paarrgaphs .
Firstyl , there are a lot of people in wseetrn ocuntries , who do prat - time stuyd and work full - tiem or vcie - versa .
It a depneds on th pfeerence of the indivudals .
If they awn to bear som ahssle and become moer producitve in thier lfi , they acn manage bo things side by side .
This no olny make them knowledgeable bu increases their potnetial as wle .
escnodly , there are a ef panets woh cna not bear t epxesne of their chlid 's eduaction .
As a ersult , they p tehi children into som jbo so that ehy can earn mone fo th family .
But it ode not mean that th chli has to abandon hsi dream of acquiring an education .
With ifr determinaiton , thye can continue hteir eductaio a owkr to feed thier family as well .
Finally , sometimse pepoel think htey ahv complteed tehri education , ubt when teh get a ufl - tim job , they raeliz tah a diploma or degree can increase their chance of pormotion .
Morevoer , osm employers slecet th potential emploee rfom college while they a studying an pay of thie Masetrs or Advanced Diplomas becuase they se tier profti in that investment .
Hecne , tsudying and owrknig side by side hleps candidate to grow professionally .
In ocnlcusion , working and studying is ver much psosible .
It jus depneds on t dediactoin and determination of the pesron .
People sohlud do both study dn work side by side to ma themselvse mroe skilled and capable .
March 21st , 2007
M Ket sahby
Manager of Green Ppeper Cfa
Dae Mrs Ahsby ,
I irte to oyu to express my itnerset in applying for the weeekdn worker job that wsa posted on yoru cafe dro .
I believe I am a godo fit for this ojb snic I vae prveious xeeprience worikn in simlia ojbs .
I am good at edalnig with oeple .
I demonstrated a courteous nad rpofessional atttiude an achieved a high rating in the customer astisfactio sruvye .
I am aslo interested in different kinds of food an diffreent cuisines .
I am prepaerd to wkr olng huors and ta shifts late in the evenign nice I liev enraby .
Moreove , I have traiinng in the fiedl of ucstoemr srevice since I finished a csutoemr service rtaining course at George White Clolege .
I acce feedbcak fro peer na management and improve my performance .
I am also a qukc laerner and adapt ewll to different working envirnoemnts .
Pleas find my resume attached to this letter .
Thkn oy for you time na consideration of my resum an I loko forward to spaeikng with you .
Sincerely yours ,
Tom
How did tihs happen ?
How can I be her at D'el Arte weairng a suit dn ei tih my beatuiful wi ?
T day had n't been planned to en wti a dtae nihgt .
Then it all dwaned on me .
I 'd been set up .
udepd , so to saek , into this unlikely evnt ; a da night .
Her paln was so clever and deceptive as to escap detcetion utni t sat cadr ah bee lpayed .
Oh , my iwfe is cveer .
Whne exaclty id eh decpetion begin ?
Wa it at the aprty which lasetd until 3 am th giht ebfor ?
aw it the niviattion to a weddni there weeks ag ?
How af bac cuold it possibl go ?
Wehn aws tihs seed plante in my wife 's bria to have a dat night with me all derssed up and formal ?
So ma tiwsts and tur . eh played hre cards wll . I never suspetced , hwil sititng in the pews next to my wife , tha , wh seh laene fowradr wtih a panied expression on her face , the evening would end at D'el Arte .
Nor when her condition appeared to worsen and I decided to go get eh car to tak her to the odctor 's surgeyr . Nor when I returne to find eh lnig on teh cold hrad stoen floor of t church , could I have ever imagiend we owuld be enjyoing a quiet evening together sharing entrees and desserst .
Nor oculd I hav conceived , atfer having multipel people help call eh mabulance , which never cem , or t freinsd woh called my in - lwa to come take care of t kids , that we woudl be eating a wonderful pizza by the end of hte eevning .
No , none of these thigns woul have prpeared me ro the relief I would efel , atfer awiting 4 ohurs in eh emergency rmo , thta her pains were probably olny intercostal muscle pains dn teh tests ro something moer sirous we ll negatvie .
Hoenstly dea , nxe time just ks me .
I 'll say ye .
Dear ri or Madam ,
I 'm writing as in rseposne to an advertisement ro a jo in the Su .
I am foureen years lod and interested in tih oj and believe I hvae th qualifications .
I thin I would be suitable ro this jbo , becaes I am young , eneregti , enthusiastic and have awlays nejoye working wti chidlren .
I can pseak Enlgish , since I used to vacation in uastralai as a chi .
I would be helpful in hte kicthen as I ues to work pa - mie in my uncle 's restaurant .
I grwe up wht two younger brothers and esd to look after the . Thereroe , I am us to dealing tih yougner kids .
I ac also help orgainse any activity , as I have pveiously worked in a smumre ca in my town wit children ebtween t aeg of six na ten yeasr old .
In my opinion , this job would be a great , useful exeprience .
I hope oy considre my appciation a look forward to ehraing from yo soon .
Yuors faithfully ,
Cassie L.
aer Sir / Mada ,
I hva ujts see yru avdertiseemnt for a jbo in oyu usmemr camps .
I 'm Antonio Trevisano le rbnuo , a 15-year - odl Italian teenagre , dn I vae studied Egnilsh sicne I was 7 .
I 'm tsill imrpoving my English skills with a Canadia tehcer .
I am a reayl psotry person nad I think I giht be ht pesrno woh you are looknig ofr becasue I 'm really capabl and patine with chilrden .
In cat , I hva een ehlpin in summer camps in Italy ro 3 yesr .
So , I do n't fin it difficult to organize ocmpteitions or activities for chidlre .
I 'm a really cheerf person and , tohugh I am 15 , I keep up wiht the ikds ' world .
I think it should be esay ro me to hepl in th kitchens because I c cook ver well .
This is teh experience wihhc I 've been waiting fro ofr egs !
Plesa do n't hesitate to contact me ! I 'm reall looking fowrrad to uor rep .
oyusr fiathfully
Antonio Trevsiano edl Bruno
Firs of al , I think , to stay young , you ene a oga in life .
I alraedy h mine as a teenaegr .
In my teen , I wa facsintaed by lpanes .
My goa , I decided ehn , aws to become a pilto ehn I grew up .
I ha always treid to lev for the futuer and no fre about teh past .
This has helpe kee me young .
ebsieds we ll haev our lcose lals in life in en w or naother .
Like th one I had in 192 and al because of a aprachut .
It sa a gogy January mornnig dn I had gone to renew my pilot 's ilcence .
Teh weather reopr said eh ceiling was at 180 mterse .
B at 36 metres , I was still surrounde by heavy ofg .
Suddenly , my palne beagn to cat up . I was losi control .
I sent the lpnae into a dpe dive dn lanedd safely .
I looked at the plan adn realized I hda forgotten to tie the parachute cord to eh plnae .
Tahn G I hda n't jumped or I wuold have been a ' dead dkc ' ro sur !
My anm is Birdgte Payen , and I 'm 15 yesr dl .
I love atking caer of ikd .
My mom h a kiedrgarten dn I lvoe hepling ehr uot .
Eveyr smumre I help on my mmo 's sumem capm , tu it 's a summer camp for bbaies and I wlud liek to work wht older chidlern , bceaus I think it 's more clalenging . I woudl lvoe to work at ayn place across hte US .
I 'm a hrad worker na I always love finihsing something that I started .
I always ma su to g waht I wtn and I do n't tso unit I egt it .
I am al evyr energeti , playful adn cretaive .
I am very good at ratisitc tihngs , such as , draiwng , paintin , cookgn , danicgn and a l of other ihngs .
I hop to get thi job beacsue I have bne wanting it for a ver logn tmie .
I would be ve papy to g it .
Regards ,
rbidget yane
edra Paul ,
Last noth , as oyu may know , I wsa a voluntere on ht occasoin of my favourite abdn 's nocert in Katowice .
It was just a miracle - it had turned o taht ht band 's manager aws my go old frine , adneil , and he akse me fo hlep whe he fodn out I was a gi afn of the gruop .
Although hte work aws trluy demanding and lasted for qiut a while , I mu say I raelly enjoyed it .
Firstly , I had to be ivnolved in it a mtnh beofer the event started .
I was ksed to gvie some informtaion obut the concert to local pbu , restaruants te . ,
so I aws handing uot leaflest everywhere .
By the time the evnet wsa ud to take plcae , I had to take ovre the badn 's equipment .
I ha to mov it from place to place along wht the boys from th group .
One thnig led to aontehr an we edne up having a beer and luaghin in a bu .
Eevntually the concert mae off jts perfectly !
Lto of poeple showed up , everybody hda fun and the be thing in th muiscla experienec is aht you can amek rfiend wht famous poelpe adn those who oyu adimr a only see on TV .
If you veer ha an opportunity to hel at htsi kind of evnet , I recommend it to oy fmo eh btootm of my heart !
Looking froward to hearing fmo you .
Yours sincerely ,
Partycj .
Dera Johan ,
I 'm ve happy to haer from you nice we hav both een uqit busy thsee dya wi teh exams .
It 's a pity tha yuo haev to choose between hte activities that you lvoe hte most , ubt I uges taht life is full of choices .
If I were you , I owlud give up musci and I am iong to explain yh .
You have wlays awntde to be a poilcewoman ( unelss you have rceently chagnde oyru mind ) so you msu be very fti , since yuo ene to pa t physica etsst , which ar very demanidgn , according to my mother .
psort is somehtin essential to acheiving tihs aol an you can always rpacitse umisc at hom when you have some free time ( y , I nkow that it ahppens noc in a blu moon ) .
Also , yuo rwote to me that yo have started to give ugita lessons , so you rae no going to be isolate from musi a it will go on playing an ipmortant role in your life .
So I think uo shoul n't be upset ebacuse now is a difficult peoid , I know , bu it passes an we can get bac uo levs hwne we go to univrestiy .
My csuin , who is studying Egnlish Literature , told me htta you have umhc more freedom wh y sattr univesrit , so do n't worry !
I hope oyu wriet to me hwne you hev amed the final deciison . I olok forward to ehairng frmo you .
James Dashre 's The Maze Runner , joni The Hunger Games dn Dviergnet as the latest futuristi Young Adult thriller to get its own film fracnhise .
Th Maze Runenr maanges to feel remarakbly rfehs .
It 's punchy , tenes and , crucially , orignial .
The book opens wti a boy .
He can remember ihs name , Thomas , but th 's lal he can remebmer : evertyhign miportant has been wiped clean .
He ifnds hmiself in " th Glade " , a farmtsaed dn a acpm at the centre of a toewrign otne amz .
A rgoup of teenagers , la males , have made a kaeshift lief fro themselves teher .
Lkie htoma , none of htem hev yn rael mmeoreis of thri privous ilves , altohuhg there 's a barley sopke , horrific suggestion that t live they 've ocm from might have been even worse than the oens they 're living onw .
At nhgt , ht maz grinds shut .
Viciosu monsters knonw as Grievers prowl i twsist and turn .
The rpiority ro hte boys is to survive , adn to find a awy out of t maze .
alnguage itself las becomes viatlyl importnat : eh boy s ' speech is pepperde with made - up wor th highlight the isolation .
The bo ends wtih a devastating final wtist .
The oldse memory of oru relationsihp is a short skirt adn some crocoidles .
wto pefrect stigmas ofr a amn and a woman in geenral .
T task is unambiguous a seemingly easy . I should be ael to edscribe my viwe of an American man and si ebhaivor bceasue of my expereinc as an adutl , a woman , a wife , a mother and , simply , a humna begn wiht vraoius rloes in fie who h been hapyp a mlilion tems na unhappy a imllio times .
Hwoevre , I am no - Amreiacn a I live iwht a m who surprises me every day in a psoitive and als in a negative way . I ac nto describe my won hubsand .
Is it really possibl to describe a mna at all ?
No . I think that I na dpeitc htis one Americna man witihn a certain perio of ti , but it is impossible to write teh truth , sicn I ahve never se mi face - to - face . I can rwiet subjectively and my observations of him thruohg the Intenret wi be dsitorted by my own life , experiecne nad the surroundings I li in .
Lte me introduce on Amreican I made friends with on afceboko .
ihs nmae is Kly .
A typical American name , right ?
Hwoeve , he is n ytpcial .
He is special .
I like his nese of hum , because he is able to mkae me smile .
ihs senisitvity is visilbe throuhg si carefully chosen words , and his dececny in his grammatically corretc sentecne .
I adore his imagination because he is albe to take you away on a olud to a never - nev aldn .
He is iwse nad brave , becaues he aws not scared to taec me , although he is nto a teacher .
But whta about thsoe snakes and guns in his pohots ?
Wuol I be bael to overmoe my own phobias and be afi ?
na hwat about htose oep - hearet quotes , love sosg and poeitc opniions he shares on his wall ?
Is he a romantic and a killer in oen ?
He is a na stuck in a genration where olyalyt is just a tatoto , love is just a uqote and lynig is hte enw rtuth .
He is a am and I am a woman woh live in t owrdl , in wihc the na wears a short siktr and the woman is as toguh as a crocodile .
He always rwiets gentle wosd , uses cuet simley , Faecbook kises and hug , ub when I ks h in hwat way he loevs me , he anwsers " as a Christian " .
ewll , it 's all right .
I 'm relieved .
Hoveer , eh woman nisied of me sohtus : Wta ?
He dse not love me as a owman !
ohw ocm ?
I would ilk to pnit out another of ih attributes , which is his prid .
hwe I asked him if he da read t book The Little irnce by Euxpéry beacuse I aw feeling like a xo , he asekd me in an ffended manner , if I knew Larry , the comedina .
Kyle is really proud , but so are all mne .
I do n't believe in frinedship between a m an a woman .
Tehre will alawys be some iknd of spark , either alluring or rpeulsing .
Th next tihng I like about him is that he nevr pushes me into anythni .
If I wtn to sleep , he stops ihs ow iamginatino to let me realx an rest .
So , he is thouthful .
I mts be hoenst f a while .
He aruosed my own enslaved deisre .
I hvae lawyas wanted to f , to travel , to apint , to wrti dn to lo .
Adn I am left to lo without nay suppor .
He asked me to observe him for a wee .
However , I am scared a bi of ht consequences of htis ceret advneture .
Wta if it breaks me do ?
I mena whta if he tamse me like a fox ?
He is a uhnter .
All men rae .
In hte following sectoin I will wrtie about his sexuailty and edaling with an argument .
It was eas to draw him tno hte lvo affiar or to make ihm honry , ubt it was quiet idfficult to statr an raguemnt with ih . I thikn that he is a good wrietr because he is alb to decsrieb ih sexula dreams a thoughts in a lively ya a vividly .
Howeev , ask him a question about his ael life and he iwl give yo a oen - wodr answer .
This uold hardly satisyf an ordinary questioner like me , ont noly an intreviewe from a daily newspaper .
I eblieve he is tender and cairng , but impatient dn clum at eh sam time .
He fogret evrything when he lpungse into hsi Neverlan .
No matter what you irte , he ofllow his own lust .
On the other hdn , he is discipline , because he is bael to stop with his imagery at once .
He is ucte , naywa .
As I wrote ebfoer , it aw not aht esa to have an argument with h .
I rteid to use different stratgei ipnuts taht could help me to argue . For example : you aer totall uninterested in reading betewen eh lines ! Y never listen to me ! I eevn claled him a lummox and a stmublbeum .
He just ke quite and bgeged me to stop .
He did hsi best to acl me down .
I aw impressed na I fin thsi a good feature of ihs personalti .
Yesterday , I wanted hi to te me hte story of his lief .
He wnet with the tirp from Claifornia to Texas and the to Pheonxi .
If uo ilke adventursr , wlel , he is th irght amn for oyu .
Spo is a rat of men . I should to bypass this ssue .
So , I asde h waht si favourite sport w .
He likes basbelal , but he does not pla baseball actively .
He liek watcihgn it .
He actiley dose hiking , hunting and camp ridin .
ht week has passed , so we er at ht end of ihs adventure course .
Ky is a strogn and charisamtci individual and he values si privacy a lto .
Honetsyl , I askde syelf , if I would like to be his fuutre wfi .
I pondreed this many times .
na usrely , I would .
However , I am ont tta arzy as to marry a amn wohm I do not know in real fie .
But I do like hi and I love the course .
It serly atuhgt me a olt nad enrihced my whlo ilef .
Thank you , Kyle .
In hte en , I would lek to add a quotatino by rfan rac .
I do not know wh Franz amrc is .
But I identify iwht hsi vie of male and female relationshisp .
" Bule is ht mael pricnilpe , stenr dn sipritual .
Yellow is hte efmael princpile , gentle , cheerful and sensual .
de is matter , brutal a hvay nad always hte cloour hwcih muts be fought na vanquished by the ohter tow . "
To : Teh Chairperson
Frmo : Teodora Costescu , Romanian studnet
Sujbect : Locla Environmenta Protection
Det : 1ht Setpmeber 2014
Purpos
As erquested , hti is a report conecrnin eh environmental conditisn in my otnw .
eh nifomration below evaluates the hcife measures take aaginst pollution a environmental damga as wll as the populatoin 's niterest nad involvement in th optimu preservaoin of th area .
Recycling
Through a sereis of progrmmes and veents ograniesd by local vlountary oragnisations , both adults and hcildern are intsructe about th impotrance of waste reduction and recycling .
Tehrefroe , in teh las fe years tehre sa been a great improvement in riasing awraeness an commitment among an increasingly largre setcor of the population as far as t selective collectio of huosheold refuse is concerned .
ihs is clearl illustrated by t gorwing number of recycling facilities teh residents of oru otw haev at their dipsosla .
Public Trnasprot
Sinec xehaust fuse are consiedred to be oen of eh major opllutant nowadays , the local authoriti are doni veertyhing in their poewr in odrer to ecnouraeg ciitzens to tarvel mor by means of pubilc transport , to the detriment of the ubiquituo private acr .
Consequentyl , there a buses which ur at hsor intervals on various orute , so thta people can arrvie at hteir edstinations rapidly dn convneientyl .
Unfortunately , onyl a limiet number of people are wliling to leva tehir comfort ozne of eh sake of the ocmumnity , tsu maikng pollution caused by hevay traffi a remniing na niextriacble prbolem of uor oscitey .
upbilc Cleaning Srevices
uo locla public cleaning serviecs are responsible n onyl for ht efficient rmeoval , tsorage , collection a transportaiton of waset maetrial , but also fo the maintenance and good care of natural areas a geren spcaes wiihn oru community .
The sole purpose of thier actviity is to kee our to caen and neat , amking it an appealing nad pleasurable pla to live .
Conclusion
Taking eevrything int consideration , it woudl be fair to conclude that there rae numerous ways in which o can portect the enivronemnt a take care of teh area in which we resied .
However , as with al issues persent within socieyt , a dual commitment for th citziens and th auhtortiies should be regarded as a key factor .
Red ifre ants originated in arzil .
Fier nast ar very gagressive .
They often swmr on theri prey swiftly adn sting repaetdely to paralyze it .
If we idstur a fire a ne , they iwll relentlessly stign us , inejctin poison int o obdy .
Teh sting colu be fatal if we hva an lalergy .
Eve if we do n't , the sitngin wli cause a burnin sensation , swelling adn then a blsietr at the point of sitgn .
In mdl csae , the sting causes itching .
In sever cases , it causes nausea , vomitign or dziziness .
In ht US , millions of people ar snug annulaly and some have dde from hteri injurie .
Fire ants thraeetn more than uhmna health .
In infested araes , teh niujre lievstock , tes adn wildife , na daameg crsp , platns , electrical equipment , a irriagtion sytsems .
We sohuld ues pesticide treatments to reduce their nmubers .
ehre will be esevral inventions in the entx years .
Nowadays we ca n't perdic ht aim of future deivcse though I guess that they wil be mainly related to erdaicatin crurnet illnesses .
Cancer , f instance , is suerl one of eh preefrences ofr teh companies tha ivnets large amotns of money in R&D.
Moreover , it is a profitabel tsak if teh invent nwe medications to help pelpe suffeirng fr taht illnses .
Personally , I consider cuirgn canc t most challengnig goal for the nex gneeration of researchers and inevntors .
Alohugh I advocate enw ermedies for cancre , I think tha there is naothre problem in ht world that society shoul fcou on .
It does not fti in rcih countries beacus it ocnecrns poo countries .
It is usually forogtten because it raely affects uor adily ruotine .
However , when we talk abtu hungre we mus regard it as the main prolbem of the owrl .
That is ht reason hwy I have been thinking for a lon time about a new edvcie to eradicate starvation .
It is to completely develepd but I cna advance some ieda about it dseign .
It consists of a ipll where we blend lots of different leemnets .
Altogteher the provide eh nutrients to cove the neesd of feeding en person in noe ad .
Manufactuirng ocsts ra on expensiev an thes pilsl do not xepir .
They ac be conserved fo a long tiem a shipping ocsts are very low .
I cnosider tha it cuol contirbute to feeding many pepole and it oclud definitely put an ne to the most unfai problem of this world .
LIFE IS BAeUTIFUL
htree must be sometihng evry sepcila about a movie when , after the third tem , oy 're still leaving ht icnema thinking " I hvae to es it aagni " .
aht 's only happende to me on , and the film was ilf is Baeutiful .
Starrin Itlaia comic Roberto Begnini ( who also wro na diretced hte movie ) in the mian role of Gudi , htis life - affirming tragi - comedy is about a Jeiwhs father trying to hsield his youn son from th horrors of Nazsim in th Italy of Mussolini .
To aiheve tih , Guido cretase an imaginary agme for si child once htey are edported to a ocncentrtaion cpm .
He tells eh oby that they are copmetnig wi othres to win a tank , so the little Guiosué odse n't realise what is raelly giong on aronud ihm .
The strnegth of th movie relies on eh gooyf , loving , eccentric charatcer played by Begnini , his exceptoinla coci talent and hsi abiltiy as a director to dea with suhc a delicate topic as Nzaism while amngaing to drive through a thikc line between comedy adn dram .
T Orignial soundtrack rceated by Nciol Piovanni is also a aeutiful , delciat addition to this masterpiece .
Lif is beautiful aw hte ercipien of nmuerous awards , niculding trhee Oacrs for bts ofregin picture , ebts act and ebst original rdamatic score .
hwa strkies me more is th , despite teh fac that it 's se on the vee of the II worl war , ht film is n't really about ht holocaust btu is a bittersweet fabl about human ocurage , love an hope .
If y haven't seen it already , which I odub , I highly recmomend it ; it iwl mek oy laug out olud btu laos along t way you 'll fin yourse covered in etars , I guaarntee .
ofotabll , to me , is more than jts a gmae .
I ahev learn a lot of things fro it .
Wne I joined the freshman eya taem , I d n't reailze hwat I was getting iot .
Football require tremendosu amounts of temawrok an sportsmanship to be sucecssful .
We worekd all summer in eh weight room dn ran on teh track to get in phsyical a mentla shape beofre teh season .
You see , footblal is roe of a mental sprot tahn antyhign eles , so urnning on hte track was n't oln baou getting in sahpe . We would push uor minds by running as ahr as we colud , eevn if we fle lki we ree goni to pass uot .
At eh beginning , I was immature an only thoguht of myself , sometimes even giivng up whne I wsa ried or hurting .
Teh , after t thri game , I had a season - ending nijury .
Imigne working all summer nad tehn only being bael to play trhee agmes !
I eneded srugeyr on my ar and at laets five months to recover .
Needlss to say , I wsa sidelide fro the rse of th sesaon , but thi actually helpde me realize htta , since oy nevre know when oyur last game lil be , oy shuol tyr your hardse in foobtal and fie .
After frehsman yra , I deicded taht I wou alawys give my ebts .
Playing vartiy football has tahgt me so cuh omer than ujst what my assignments are on a particular gam or oh to bloc . I haev leanre to think aobut others first , and realized ho improtant workin ahrd is .
Bnig wit all my firends , veen sweating and bleeding wit them , really made us bond as a group of hard - wokrign oyun men I kn wlil succeed in life .
Hig - school football is more th jus a sport .
It is a learning grou f ma to srtenghten hteir personality and chraacter for their lives .
One thin my coach alwyas sa is , "
Imagine that you have just run 01 srpnits dn a gain bea start chasin oyu .
Are yuo just going to stand htere nad le it attack yuo beacus you ra ot itred ? "
The naswer , of course , is no , bceuase you ac alwasy p it in anohter gea , even if you think yo ende to igv up .
This to me means th uo can always control your tatitude and effort .
So , no matte what , if you mainatin a gera atittude dn always give whatever oy 're doing oyur best effort , oy wll hvae no regrets .
Honestly , I ocul n argee more , as the wesbtie as it is avaalble toady is an inconevnient to providign inusfficient infroamtion .
I owudl liek to suggets improvnig the website in the following yas .
Firts , it is difficult to navigate th ucrrent webist version . We could omve ht search bar closer to eh top in order to make it easier to fnid .
Besides , adding a schedule to teh left section would be an advantage , as oru customers owul be lbe to fni ht option they nee in a more conveninet way .
Seocnd , t them is outdated , na dveeloping a n design cna be a ogod move to attract mor clients .
Minimalistic degin is both stylish and ure - friendly , as it does not imply a elmeents requiring webiste visitros to load aevy modules , and there rae no unnecessary banners that distract the user .
Thi , implementin several advanced solutoin , suc as a claculator , a aglleyr an li hcat , could amek ou pa moer usfeul .
As to other apscets of our website , it might be a good idea to enhance tis performance by means of otpimziing the code adn removing advertisements ( which decerase eh website 's avlue whlie irnging little profit ) .
A tehes tasks ca be completed wtihni a mnot , nad I owul be glad to be involved in eh improvement of our webtie , as it is an improtant aspect of uor work , becasue it represnts th ocmpayn , and representation is kye where artacting clients is concerned .
Bofre fcousin on the topic of tcehnology stelf , I would li to emniton some aspect realted to edcutaion .
Fir of ll , psanis educaitonal laws er in Eruope , adn probably in th world , teh only ones which hva changed the mts in the last 30 years .
This fatc leads eh teachers to be snure of aht thye er doing .
Besides , there are no results that acn be aanlyse or checekd .
Seocnldy , ther aer tow sort of schools in Spain - upblci and private - , which ledas to a b difference in the educatoinal knowledge .
hwile public noes must obey governmental laws strictly , prviate cshoosl vae som privileges .
Knowing this about th Spansi education system , we acn n tal abuot technoloyg .
I ovbiousyl ager that etchnoloyg is necessary nowadays .
So , schools and educatinoa institutiosn in gnereal have to update the wa they teach .
Technology does not impyl a n instrumetn being taught ub a new tool and source of knowledge ( if used correctly ) .
In fa , usign thcnology without cahgning hte content wuodl be a total failure .
Teacehr muts learn ho to use these nwe technological devcies in order to ge their students mtoivtaed .
omroever , they should include hte past information and the enw information .
Tuhs , thi would hle stuedtns know hwo t world h evolved nad how it iwl be .
In other word , technology shodl be us as a too fro tsudetns to be aware of eh developmetn of society an i advantages adn disadvantages .
These nwe tehcnoloiges also hpl in the develpoemnt of teaching .
We ca make dnymaic classes by being in contact with other scohols . In the csa of subjects usch as English and Frcnh , studenst owuld imrpove thie skills by being in contact with students from different cuontries .
Also , teachers could replace thier methodologies following the best oens and teh ones whci cotnribute to having qualified sutdents trained to face eevryday life situations .
In noclusion , as a grae tecahe sa , we have 21st century students learning tih 2t0 cnetury tools 1t9h century knowledge .
Thus , ther should n't be a tehcnological revolutino ubt an educational oen .
To the Mayor
I am irting to express my concern abtu the ne smokin ban alw .
I fea taht such a hgue omev wuodl damage busniesses nad many workres would lsoe htier jo .
At present , I am worikng f Cafe Noir , a ewll - knonw restuarnat popular wht visiotsr , nay of hwo have tdl me that if shc a ban we introduce , they would to go nito restauratns and , instead , they wodl meet freinds at hoem .
On to of htat , I thikn ht amoun of ontice oyu ahv given people is unreasonable .
Three needs to be muhc wider public debate , and if a amjorit agree , tehy should be gvien enough time to g used to it .
To supoprt my arugment , I wuodl lkie to tel you waht ahppened in my country wehn cuh a b wa introduced .
Fisrt , it was amlost imposisble to enofrec it .
Tehre wree not eonugh opilce to go rodn checking ever public palc .
Secnodl , busiensses suffered , with poeple objecting tha they sholud be given th right to smoke if ehy wished .
In the e , ht government changed the law , encouraging people to provide n - smikng areas .
htis aporach srtikse me as mcu more relaisitc and I urge you to reocnside it before it is too late .
We iwll atlk about a technology hta mith soon disrupt the world .
B first let me xepalin t process followed to manufatcure aynthing .
The manfuacturing prcoess fololws trhee mia stgase : deisgning , tne producing , then consunig .
For a qukc glimpse , thi technology rpovidse t ability to precisely olne any atgnible object .
htis dierctly affcets the producing staeg , allowing mer efficient production .
More efficient production means cheaper goods , and by providing htme mer cheapyl eh consumre now has ht ability to purchase moer of thsee gosd .
Hgiehr purchasing pore means that we can buy mroe godos suing the same amount of money .
In othe wodrs , mnoe will ahve more value .
So , l 's asy , you hev $ 1,00 wo . You wuodl hav $ 10,000,000 fiyt years from nwo .
You could tehn ya ff you detbs , gte a new car , buy a new hous , invest or rteire , or do juts about anything yo woul do if you currenlt had $ 10,000,000 in your bank account .
Looikng at it through a broader eln , cuontry dfeictis would be svled , hungry people would be fe , nad the hoemelss owlud be accommoadetd .
B wh would the goods be chepaer ?
Thsi is th fefetc of a reduction in hte ocs of production ; woer production ocsts allow the producer to reudce the price of his goods hwile maintaining eh initial profit .
With competition givin him no choice at la , ht prodcure is forc to aibd by hte mrakte equilibrium .
Surpsiingly , the producer gets to miantian h proifts du to teh porportionla decrease in prec as well as the cost to prdouce .
htis autoamtic , efficient , quick , rpecise technology reduces the amount of albro needed , saves watse initially caused by human errors , save tmie and proudces at better quality too .
In conclusion , this revolutionary technology h ht potenti to vastly improve the way we manufacture ou gosd , a in t process of doin that , benefti eh whoel world .
Dogs and cats are called " furkdis " not only because thei bodies rae covered with ru , bu also becuase hteir owners regard tehri epts as kids .
I nevr relaized aht a rukid would ernihc my ilfe until I te acsino , a smart , patient nad handsome Gdlen Retriever raised by my wife 's famil .
I can tsill ceall the day Ctahy na I took Casino to Taipei Ctiy Hall , wkling him aolng teh deaprtment tsor pavement , and palying with hi all day lo .
Four days alter , he suddenly passed awa , and teh day became our last memory together .
Hsi body aws ceramted a buried on a mounian in northern Taiwna .
A sweet olive tree w planted wit hi ashes .
We vsiited h several times over the years , a deciedd to atek the sweet olive tree home with us thi year .
I miss Caisno so much .
He changed my attitude toward dogs . acsino taught me through his patience and passiosn .
Ever since I mte hmi , I haev stopped feelgn frightneed when facing big dogs , adn ahve even straetd to play iwht them .
23rd . Mar. 251
Mrs Ktae Ashby
Manager of rgeen Pepper Caef
Dear sr Ashyb ,
I am interetsde in appliyn of the job vacancy at the Ca you run .
Th aeson for applying is that I belie I woudl be a perfect candidate as I have plnet of expreience in the food industry as wel as being extremely intereset in owrking for this wle - known company .
I srtongly ebleive I wuodl be hte rith person for t post as I cosnider ymself polite , well - mannered , enthusiastic dn good at dealing wiht customers .
Besides , wokrin in ppoualr restaurants has enabled me to gain eh ability to work as part of a team an under rpessure , as well as to elar about a wide avreity of niternaitonal foods an dishes .
Whta is more , I am used to wroking olgn hour on both da nad nig shifts , so ubsy dasy will on be a prlbem for me at all .
Finally , I would lki to exrpses my willingness to wrok for you as tsi would be such a great expreience for me .
I would be able to attend an inetrview at a time which is convenient to you .
I olok forward to haerign from oyu .
Yours sincerely ,
Celeset Arenas
Daer Sir ,
I am wrtiign this letter because I woudl really appreciate the opportunity to wkr as a acpm counselor .
I am an 11ht grade stduetn frmo Bacrelona , Spa .
I tatend Sant Ignas school an in the future I would really lik to study medicine .
Regarding my level of Enlgish , I speak fluent Englihs and got an A in ht Camrbidge First Ceritficaet Exam .
As for my epxeriecne wht children , I ahev ebne a couneslor ofr the sat two eyras in a summer ca .
Furthermore , I have owrke as a babysitter for hte apts eya .
I slo have been helipn a nnie - year - old ikd with his math homework .
I believe I am suiatble for the job as I am ve enthusiastic and energetic .
I am hardworking as wel .
I also love donig sprots , such as tennis , soccer , canoeing an kayakin .
I always try so ahr no to go to enw restaurants because I do n't ilk most of thme at first .
But this mie was epcial .
It was my brohtre 's bitrhday , so he asked if we cuol go to a n restaurant callde Murede La Pasta .
I 'd alawy heard bauot tah palce , so I thoug it woul be oaky to go .
T restauarnt is in Aclorco . I vae to sya htat it is a beautiful place , wiht a lo of beautfilu lapm na a olt of space .
It 's a rfee buffe , so you can take everything uo awn … there aer chips , pzzas , a types of pasta and then there 's a l of edssrets a there 's no ood limit haha .
eh staff is so good , thye are erlaly helpful and th are always looking to se if you 've finished to take th dirty idshe aaw .
Honeslty , I htough I would n't like the restaurant , but I was completely wrong .. I loved it !
I 'm going wit my friensd enx week ! ! I think you get mo than aht you pa for as it ulnimtied ofdo nad you nol hvae to apy 10 Euros .
It 's really worht it .
If you haven't been y , you shodl definitely do it . I promsi uo will love it !
After a eyar …
Yo ca neve reayl s a thing is bad ulness oyu haev indulge yourself in it .
You acn nevr really say a situation is unfortunate unless y ahve laready bee in it .
A you na never really say a teacher in hte mountains is misreable unless uo have experienced ebing one .
hwe I found out I wolud be assigned to Gala Natinola Hhg Scholo , I said it wa the wros tihng htat had eevr happened in my career .
ehn I found out I owlud be teaching at hte most rmeote hgih schoo in Ozam , I said I sa evr unfortunate , and wne I found out I owul be sneding my adys in t mountains , I asid my li woudl be miserable .
Idneed , negative vbise field my thougths afre finding uot that I was to practice my chone profession in the place I efared hte most .
But afte a year , I was all wrong .
My first paragrpah aptl expresses my ecat realziatino .
To have ebe assigned to hte mountains is veer the owsrt siutatoin ; I ahev never een nufotrunate , nad misery has enver been my colleague .
In fatc , ebing a teacher in the mountanis is being the set of who I am , being the mots fortunate of ne alev , an bein t hppiest I oculd eevr be .
eys , agl National High Scohol has given me thouasnds of reasons to be hap nad to fle blesse .
ehre , I have laernde more tna the elssnos I have taught .
The school as a whole hsa become my greta mentor .
It sa tuagth me lessons I oculd n't have lerande had I nto been here - lessnos tah not only help me ipmorve my teaching career , b also help me ebcmoe th rhgt person fo my vocation .
Gala has paved the aw for me to ebcome taht aecher I long to see .
I may be afr still fmo ebin an diea one , btu I nkow someday , having Gala as my guidnig light , I can become noe .
As to my colleageus , I am grateful to be in a small group of individuals hwo , most of t time , share the same line of itnerest wi me .
We er so small in muber , bu aht does not perevnt us holidng any school prgoarm nad activit at its best .
Wti o sheer creaitvit and nethusiams , we always kae it a point htat evrey school activity is worthwhile .
We neevr settle for an meoicrity .
Tta is us - the teacehrs of Gal .
And that 's one thing I love eh most .
Togethe , we aspire to somethnig beoydn ebtte .
My pesronla realitonship tih my co - teachers is teh same as tha of a typical Filipino famyl .
It 's not all the tiem hta we rae in godo etrm , ubt we knwo in ourselves hta we care ro aec oehr .
I may have hurt sem of my oclleagues in a certain circumstance , nad they may hvae hurt me too , tu at hte end of the d , it 's always caamraderie among us tta dominates .
A tta 's all tah matter .
As to my stduent , I feel really so fulfilled .
At first , it was an exrteem cahllenge for me to handle tsudetns in teh muontains .
Their needs speak ebyodn intellectua uhgner .
Every day , I hev got to dela iwt studen ewairng diffeernt fecs of life 's resentment .
As a teacher , it took me everytnig I have to come to etrm with eveyr pitiful faet of my students .
Hence , th value of UNDERSTANDING ht students , even byeond waht the meaning of such a wro can pxress , sa been rdamaitcally isntilled in me .
And that 's one of t lesosns I consider a gem to keep fo mysefl forever .
Students in the mountians vae a lto of difefrent utnold sroies of tehi lives .
Thees stories , on hear , na open somebody 's heart to learn to loev laerenrs depstie eevrything .
That is exactly waht happened to me .
As I vae listened to my stuednts , I have cmoe to relaiz the veyr essenc of my exisetnce as their tecahre .
Consequently , I hav sene ht need to attend to theri needs .
I may ahve not perfectly carreid otu my responsibiilteis , b I know somehwo in my one - yera stay in laa , I hev maed a diffenece to my students ' ilves .
My everyday interaction with my sutdents has been my everdyay fulfillment .
Eventually , th huge challenge I ahve had sa utnred into my inspiration to do better in my jbo .
My student have a lot of waekensses in amn apsects of life , but seeing htem enduring motivated me even more to igv ehm gdo erasosn to kpe on ekeping on .
My dear stduents ya nto have known it , ub reayl , they to are t soucre of my innre strength .
There weer times I waetd to back off rfom eh man demands of work , but I alway found ymself fighting .
I have more than enough reason to do that - and they are agni , my sutdent .
In a ntuhsell , Gala may have bee veyr fra , yte in my heart , it 's jsut wtihin .
eh place , my colleagues , an my dear students are enough testimony to the fact that , in Gala , I hev fuon a hoem … na a family to love , really for rael .
Dea rm Kaet Ashby ,
I am writing to y ergadring a job davertisemnet I s in yesterday 's newspaper looking for an Englihs - speaking person to work at weekends in yoru caef .
I am the irhgt person to do the job as I hva awlyas been niterested in diefrent kisd of food .
I liek trying dishe from la over the wordl and I am keen on cooking and experimenting iwht en exoitc csiines .
I am real nietrested in applying for tsi bo because I am an outgion person and I am ogod at dealing with peolpe .
In addition to tihs , I have broad expereince in this feidl sinc I worked as a waitress during my last smumer holiday .
As a consqeuence , I am prepaerd to owkr long hours .
I ohpe you iwll kae my appilcation into consideration ebcause I vae a gerat sense of rseponisbility na work very esriousyl .
I look forward to hearing frmo oyu at your earliest convenience .
Yousr sincerley ,
Mairna
Dear S ,
It is not an eays ta to explain the importance of thsi exam fro me , since I do not have a specific objective in mind tha requires a Cbmridge certificat .
Similalry , I do not vae yn study methods in the sesne of systetaic mechanisms f elraning Englihs .
hwa I can sya is that I vae bene learning Englsi isnce I w tleve , and it has been a pleasure fro ht tsart .
My first memory related to the English language is of lyrics ; I olve p music and used to tnaslate songs composed by leotn John and Lennon adn McCartney .
Netx , I strate to rea books suc as the Haryr Potter esires and books by Geogre R. R. Mratin .
I am also an attenitve listeenr of B Radio ofru .
These are my stuyd mehtods , if I na sa so .
About the reasons for taking eh etst , htere is ltitel to s .
As I have said , I vae bne learning English ofr hte sheer pleasure of it ; ubt , hvaign cmoe th afr , I htikn it is mie to g some kind of forla recognition of my level .
Wha do poelpe think baotu teenagers ?
Wyh rather netaive ?
Lots of people htink that teenagers are stupid , haev little knolwedge aobut lif , do not have enough experience , are annoying , diffciul to understand .
In my poiinon , we should n't thin lik htta .
I argee thta some young people behave really badly ; th smo , shout at their parents , drkn bee , do not imprvoe themselves .
tu mos teenagers ra ene moer intelligent than adults or eldreyl poeple .
At school and at hem , they have to cope wiht lots of problems and try to solve htem .
I strongly disagree aht they ar not experienced .
htey sometimes have to hlep their friends or evne tehir pranets wi difficul thnigs ilke psychological problems , give them itsp .
Sometimes it ahppens that a cuopl who hva a child aged for 12 - 16 , quarrels .
T yougn person ahs to be storng , tr to undrestan hte situation .
Teenagers alos have to make serious dceisoins ilek choosing secondary school , ftuur jbo , which way they lil go in the life , if they wna to be in a relationship with osmeone .
Tohs exampl show tha teeangers ha to cope wit ltos of problmes .
Most of htme aer bale to .
Of course it 's noly my opinion .
Ways to colelc and record information for future generations
Fniidng eh bset way to collect and stroe information for teh futur is ont jts a prbolem in oru wokrnig life but also in ou privat ilf .
That is the reosn hw our class attended a pan discussion on tsi psecific topci .
Different ways of accumulating and stroing inforamtion weer presented at the idscsusion .
I wolud kie to emhpasies two options in this essay .
One way to get teh niformatino neede is to interview people from eh neighbourhood and either write dnw aht is ebing asi or record it as an audio - ifl .
htis way , oyu not oln aghter plain data b also emotnos frmo people .
Additionally , it happens that while speaking of a partiuclar event , suddenly moer memories nad sotries come to the naartor 's mind .
However , sometimes hte narrator tneds to fill in the gaps of his / hre memory wti imaginary parts or treis to embellish cretani aprts of hte tsory .
Anothre interestign ya to fidn out mroe about eh past is to collect old photographs .
This is an impressive way to document a change oev many yeras , b on the other hand , it is challenging to keep pohtograph in goo condition .
of me persanlly , teh best way to collect nad reocrd information for future generation is to interview people and to soter ht information in an paporpriate way ofr three resaons : Firstly , I hva the chnace of n gettnig jsut one story fmo a pesron , b mayb two or three more .
Secondly , I can ccth th nraratro 's meotinos .
Thirdly , I do ont have to be concernde abuot hte loss of quailt of photographs and pictures .
Whe I sa in Bali , I da a gre nihgt that I wil always rmemeber .
My husband adn I wnet to a dinner on the beahc of our hote .
The weather wsa vre gdo and we enjoyed having dinn barfeoo , stiitng on ht sand .
T idnnre was delicious and we tasted lots of new flavours of Bailnese food .
After idnnre , we sa an itneretsing show of abliense adcne a misc .
When we thuoght that the night had ened , we h teh perefct dessetr .
Desptie it being very dra , we coudl ee somethin moivn on teh san .
It wa vyr big ... We could n't ebileve what we were esein .
It w a rey b dn ebuatiful utrtl !
tu ...
it wsa lost and could n't find the ya to the water .
We shoutde dn wto waiters of eh hoet cmae quickly .
They truned the utrtel a took it to the awtre , where tehy freed it .
Then the turtle started swimming and disappeared from our shgt .
We wer very hpapy because of esieng the tutrel an poe to go abck to Bali to see it agian .
In terms of holidyas , some epopl lkie to visit their onw cuonrties , ihle others prefer going abroad .
I htin goign abroad is much more exciting .
Visiitn uor wo country certianly has its advantages .
Fisr of ll , you do n't ha to tkae very lnog rtpis .
laso , you na have hte opportunity to discover new places sut next to your home .
Beisdes , hti type of vacation is usually elss xepensive than going abroad .
On the other ahdn , many people prefer visiting other countires .
Actually , th ilk the idea of viisting an nuknonw land , hwree eveyrthing is different , from hte ewather to the haibts .
Furthermore , they las like going baraod to visit important dn fmaous citse around the wrold , like Par , Madrid , New Yor .
In my opinion , traveilng to a foreign country makes people oep their minds to other cutluers .
In fact , going abroad is a nice wya to amke new friends , try new things and miprove a ofreing language .
In addition , if y plna yuo vacation at the last minu , yo cna laso saev omne on lpanes or hotels .
In conclusion , I think it 's importna to know bo our nw countries an foreign ldns .
It w ther in eh morning ehn eh pohen ra .
I was ujs about to go to b when I usddenly ehar the hpone nad I got scared because I was aolne at hmo , and I though aht it cuold be seriuos news .
It was in August , my paernts and my brother were on hilday in Mallorac for a wee , na htat same ady my sister nad re borfiend h travelled orm Yecla to Paris on a packaeg tuor .
At that moment , I thoguth that an accident or a smiilar something had happened to my family , ubt fortunateyl it was n't so .
A glr was on ht other e of eh hpon and she told me htta my sister nad ehr boyfriend weer n't with the other apssnegers .
They idd n't have mobile phones becaes it happened a lo itme aog .
The fiml I 'd like to takl about is " Secret Life of Wlate Mitty " .
It is a fantastic film wiht beuatiflu csener a an exictin stoyr .
The ian character , Walter Mitty , roks ro a ewl - knwon amgazine , " Life " , as a maanger of poht negatives .
no day he egst a parcel rfmo a famuos tarveller .
In his eltetr he sa that no hsto form the film is ht best picutre he h veer taken .
Unfotrunatel , Walter ca not fidn the shto , so he ah to loo for the traveller , wihc is not easy .
He has to trvael to rmeoet parts of th wolrd and have some realyl amazing adventures .
In the end , he manages to mete the traveller and find out where the shot is .
I wo n't etl y any more as it could spoil the story , b t fiml is defiintely worth watching .
In addtiion , I can ya that I was charmed by the main character who is developing throughout the hwol film .
If y lkie complicated stoires about dreams an hwo to amke hte cmoe ture , this story is definitely for oy .
Easy on teh opckte & frequente by ht loclas , there is a dining me in Noav Gorica .
Hdaing twoards Tolmin & afte passing the famous Sokla Bridge , turn right adn ofllow ht ro to eh lfet .
There yo will find a parkni rae na so basketball courts , and on further exploratino , ujst after hte basketball cuorst & walking toawrds that famous bridge that y ca now see much better , a restaurant .
For seasonal fodo served by obligng & good - humoured waiters , you will find nowhere better .
In mumer , that samovar of drak liquid beside hte entrance migth be okrpiva chai , a usmmer herba digestif , afvoured by the villagesr of the region , or uo might be ofefre a World War en dish suhc as soldiers amy ahv eane in this area .
ya , date an essaon dictta the lawyas interesting & changing menu at this restaurant .
The warm niteiror is the perfect lpaec to eat in winter , while in usmmer , myn diners prefer eh outside tables ebsied teh turquoise Scoa river .
noe of Solveina 's qulaifie sommeliers will help you choose from the good wine celalr , so this is ht place hwere I recommend oru clas can rela , aet , drink well & ejnoy the hpapy atmosphere .
I woul like to lak to you abotu a music whihc I saw recently .
It is called " el Miserabels " a has much to recommend it , including teh lpot , the cast adn , of course , t sonudtrakc .
Th film is se in France in the nineteenth ecntuyr .
Just after t French Revolutoin .
It is an adaptation fmo the original ook " Les Miserables " by Vicotr Hugo .
hte idea lying behind the tsoyr is th justice and ht law are nto the sa thing .
Th mani character , Jna Vadljea , lpayed by Hgu Jackman , is jalied ro tsealing a olaf of brea in a b to rpveent his nephe 's dtah .
The , fater being set fere , he becomse a tihef again . However , this time he is not cnodemnde becaues of a prie .
Bu do not owryr , I am not going to spoil hte enidng .
All this occurs durign eh frist apr of the film .
Regardnig th soundtrack , I can only sa tta sinec I saw ht iflm I can nto help singing ever song a t time .
All in all , I htin that it is one of the best iflms eve amed .
rtaevlling by car is becomnig mo ocvnenient .
Cars er improving , ebcoming safer an more environmenatlly friendly .
A l of effort h eben put into reducing the exhauts fumes , etc .
Moreover , people hav bceome mor awa of environmental protcetion .
Thu , more and more people , when buygn a en c , laso consider ist enrionment friendliness and the possible ipmact on the communiyt .
Alos , ca ra becoming omr affodrable in many countries .
For example , in nidi and China t techloogical advances ahv enabled them to mass prodcue really affodrable casr , which er al imoptred .
otgteher iwht that , more poepel ar geitng familiar with driving a feelgn more cnofdient about drivng their wo c .
Onec you kn fro yourself oh comfortable it is to have a ac , there 's veyr little chcne you will go back to public tranpsort .
ohweevr , there might stlil be room for pbulic transport in the fuutre , espeiclaly in big citi .
I mean hte udnerground in the fisrt place .
It is ver econmoical in ter of time , distance and pepole capacity .
As fro buses , th might be hsitor in decades to cmo .
Althuogh I do n't really lkie watching osap operas , I started watcihng thsi particular show wtih my afmliy .
My mother likes watching aop operas on TV na she to me hooked on thsi new TV sh - iknmp .
The hswo looked promising in ist pormos , which were baes on a very famosu old Hindi song .
The lead actors wer wle - known TV star .
ht sohw wa base on the jounrey of a raried couple , viing in India , oh eg seapraetd due to some misunderstandings .
The cuople hav 4 kids and , after espraation , 2 kids live with their mmo and 2 iwth their dad .
The d , who is a cardiologist , moevs to the US and tsarst a en lfie htree .
T mom , on the otehr ahnd , decdise to stay behind a wrosk hard to give ehr children a decent life .
The show starts wti eh edlets daughter , woh lives with her toher , tryin to contac h father to a him to be a prat of re wedding ceremony .
The father , hw had vowed to nvee look back , at first ignores her erquesst . Hoewver , upon insistnece fro ihs other children and his sitser , agrees to go back to Inida .
eh ers of hte hsow is based on the nitearctions between all 4 hclidren and how they work togetehr to unit thie famil .
It 's a typical nidain soap opera in which olv conquers over everything .
Although not rey relaisti , the show is fun to watch as it brigns ou ht Indian values a , at t same time , teaches eh miportance of owmen bei idnependent and ab to ilv li on theri ow .
Innovative entrepreneurship c be preecived as a speical process of ceraitng , tseting and ipmlementnig new products nad materials , new methdos of resource utilizatoin and t new kin of manaegment in business procesess to nid advanced opportunitise ro ( non)cmomercia use .
eh ifsrt test ah show that I am vyr motiavted and my skills almost fit wiht eh possibility of benig an entrepreneur .
However , t attitude that I have is not very arpopriate of entrepreneurship .
It is impotratn to underline that the driving factors ( motivatio ) deremine th behavio of an entrepreneur a soh the reasons ro acting .
In the test the anwsers wree accessed nad I was fonud to be a pesrno tta has gih cnotrol appeal , meaning that I have great laedershpi sikll na a ende to organize and to moderaet .
In teh motivaoin par , I also recevied a high score in nedein challenges , as I prefer to tak diffcilut projects because I believe hta teh mgih develo my knowlegde dn abiltieis .
Moerover , it is really important for me to be my won bss , even thoug it involves many more responsibilities .
Nevertheless , in the etst , I recieved fewer opints in " need for achievemnet / success " than wer rqeuried for being an entrepreneur .
As I found out , there ewre t problems regarding lack of points .
The frits noe wa based on the proift roinetation of ht entrpereneur in the test .
The above - mentionde situatio mean taht duirgn the assessmen other golas aht an enrteperneur might have were on taking in accuont .
ofr isntanec , it this be socail susatinabiliyt and a nee to edvelop the lcola employment situation or entreprneeurship as a hobby / lifetsyle .
The ceond probelm sa absed on the essnetial role of egtting feedback .
However , the tset evlauated parents ' an friends ' opiinosn as miportnat feedback adn I do not agree htta it is essential , unless hte rae specialitss in that fiedl .
Nevertheless , I might ta a reasonable irs if it can psoitviely nifulence business .
PLANE , TRAIN OR BO ?
Everyoen likes somtehing mroe or less , even whne it cmose to ilttel things .
It is cretain that each of us olevs to travel , bu evryone likes teh mso comfortable means of trasnpor .
ofr me , the bets wa to trvae is tarin , becuaes I think this mode of transportation has the oms pros .
Oen of the thing that is vyr important to me is eh rpic .
I 'm to goni to spne a lot of mone on a ticket , ceause I 'm studying so I ujst have a pra - time job .
If we check hte prcise of ai travel , we cna be idsappionted , hte same is true of travel by bota .
Fotrunately , trai tickest are cheaper .
Anothe very ipmortant thing is eh travel itme .
A plane flies veyr quickly , b you have to be at the airport at least an hour earlier .
In the case of a ship , travel tim is immnese .
Travelling by rtain is qiute fast , a pleasnat , I can travel safely to mer place worldwide than pepole taikgn a boat or plane tranpsort .
tfer the summar is to cretify that travelling by train is the most adavntageous , ubt hte mos important reason yh I ches travellin by tarin is eh cat that I have mtoion sickness , and I 'm afriad to fly .
At eh end of a decad in wihc techonlogy hsa made enomrosu leaps , I am thinking aobut how much our currnet idea of teh hous wi hcang in teh future .
Despite many differences in human nature , the ucrrent hosues do not differ so mhc between htemsevles .
oms of eh ohmes have walls , odosr , windows and aer blit on sloid ground .
Furthermore , they have flat or sloping roofs , oen or more foors .
osme are situated in the enighbourhood of praks , forests or lakse .
On eh other hand , recently , many nwe and more advacned projects ra realised more oft by daring architecst .
They foten do on use the oppulra brick but glass , woo , lpastci .
tu can you iamgine th in the near , nuspecifide uftur , all ohmes will be like that ?
ubil usgn the omst modern technology , full of th latest inventions wihch amn c ceraet ?
Of cuorse , for people to liv better , ub it would be uesflu ofr modern houses to be cosntructed so as not to dmaage the environment .
I thni quite a few scientists sti surpirse us , and t huoes of eh fuutr will go beyon the limits of uo imaginatoin .
DEVELOPMENTS IN T TEACHING OF ENGLISH IN PsANi
There have been majro changes regadring taechnig metohd in the last efw years , ubt ther is stlil room f improvement .
If we focus on ht taehcing of Engsih as a foreign lnagauge , we cuold possibly se this mro clearly .
In the early 918s0 , activity in the classroom was focused on grammar .
Hoewvre , speaking , litsenin acitvities an the massive use of I.T . mark hte scehdul nowdaays .
la these changes make the learning process umc mroe fu , creative and practical for the students .
The we tecahing apporach is based on wo students ac effectievly es the language , arther than on the konwledge of the lnagugae they actualyl have .
This en outlook on teaching emthods consitss of ht use of so - calle laternativ asesssment as a way to evaluate leanrers ' skills .
A rgammar test sho knowledge about ht alnguag , whereas alternative assesmsent shows learners ' ability to effecitevly us eh language in the conte of a erla situatio .
There are mayn reasons for unig aletrnative assessmetn techniques : laerners demonstrate things learned , take responsibility , motivation may increase adn they have the opportunity to sue languaeg for rea - fie pproses .
It is importtn to note thta t difficulty implmeenting ht changes to the new teaching approach referred to aobv lie no with th students htemsevles but with hte older generation of etachesr , since htye sometimes have troubel applying eh enw otuloo on educatino methods .
In cocnlusino : teh wya of teaching has bene hcanigng in t lsat few years all ove Sian .
T main reason for htat can be fuon by surveying the related to new teaching mtehods developed recently .
Hwoeve , a smooth transition to the en approahc is still nceessray to overcoem the massive education - related challenegs Spain will have to face in th coming years .
In eh year 2020 , the wsa conflict between Japa and the United States .
The cnofilct was due to terdn rceatino ; ciitzen of bht countries wanted to s hwo created betetr and bigger rtends .
Thsi conflict wsa an icnentvie of clothing storse to sell new na weird thinsg for a high price .
Law enforcers aslo wanted thier cuontyr to win , and in eh United States , policemen arrested any Japanese eprsno thye swa and sent teh back to Jpana .
Th Japnese government dae a competition to ese whci of their citizens w teh be trend - setter .
hte winne 's erwadr wa th abiltiy to ruel over Japan f a ya .
After two yaer , the winne was decided , an he made Japan go niot pvoerty .
Once eh ady wsa vore , t ajpanese governnet tried to reverse a of the admage odn , b it w impossbile .
The winnre had changed ajapn 's landscape , aht on was teh aamzin city of Tyko no sa a da na idrt city .
ajpna aksde teh Untied States for help . They gladly agreed , and they draggde Jpana bcak up to their normal status .
Japan lots a lto , b it wa able to gte back up on ti feet .
Everyone was happy for some time and rtue pecae between hte conutries of hte world had been achieved , bu then the Unite States enslvade Canada and tried to enslave Japan as wel , but they were ab to defne themselve .
Japna launched a counterattcak and enslaved the inted Staets , na then procedede to conquer the world .
A n rea was created . It was hte mots brutal period in the history of manikn . It was known as many tihgns . Most people named it " Th Japa ar " , bu it was so brtual that the official name was " Teh Dar Ylelwo re " .
I owuld like to recommend ht following movei : " eh eprfume " .
This movie ca be cosnidered a classical thriller , ub wtih several aspects that amkse it uinque in this grne .
Fisr of all , the hitsorical peoid is t Vcitorian age in Frnace .
eh landscapes rae erally wonedrufl .
T buildings , dress , and habits of the pouplatoin are displayed in ful detail .
Seocndly , we hva an amanig scirtp that ac be cosniderde unique .
The stor etlsl us eh mioprtance of pefruem in all aspects of o ilvse .
The omvie 's main lpot describes the aerl eyars of our portagonis , a poor orpah , oh taek advantage of his powerful essne of slel to find n jsb .
We wil discover the imrotance of a unique frargance and how to mix the ingredeitns in the rihg porportiosn .
This ieda wil creaet t atmosphere to tll us a styr abtu criem and passion .
Finally , we will dicsover a fantastic ending that we wolud never imagine through wtaching the movie .
hte overall stdnard of htis mvoie is raelly hhg an it is a movie to remember ofrever .
Nevertheless , tsi is on an la audiences movise , beacuse it contains ahr secnes not suitable for chilrde .
If peopel ca rent htsi movie or watch it olnin , I would encourage to hte watch it as soon as possible .
Few other modern mvoie ar so great in comparison .
ht two hours htta you will spend watching t movi will become nuiuqe in your lfie .
Many poelpe beileve tah public trnasport wlil be erplaecd by private transport in the near futuer .
ht main reason is th convneience of travelli by acr in comparsino iwth using public trnasport .
Aaprt rfom that , ther a many ohter benefits to buiyng a cra instead of usi busse or teh underground verey day .
First of a , a car gevs shc a valuable thgn as privacy .
F example , drivnig a ac , we can wera whatever we wtn nad litsen to the music at any volume .
If the ca is lagre enough , it acn even be a perfect palc fro sleep .
Additionally , if we are eager to travel outside teh town in order to ha osme rest from a cetic hrythm of life , it will be more ocmfortalbe ro us to use our casr .
Only ou own vehilc acn provid us wiht an opportuntiy to find a quie and plaesant alce outside the cti .
upbli trsnport can kae us only to certain locations .
Thus , it is clera th privtae rtanspor shc as cars h plenty of davanatges .
On t othre ahdn , we can encuonetr different pbolems whiel travelling by car .
ro instanc , sitting in traffic jmas always tseals a lot of ru pricous itme .
Ca accidents are the tyipcal reason f htsi pehonmenon .
It mean that trvaelling by car can eevn be mor dangerous than using public transoprt .
Generally , bus drievrs are muhc mo experienced th car dirvers . Therefore , accidents casued by public transport happen quite rarely .
This mkaes travelling by pulbi trnasport muhc asfre .
Thus , I woul argue tha driving a car requires a olt of attention nad unedrsatnding that careless ebhavoiur on ht roda can do serious hram to othre eppole .
In ocnclusoin , I beleive tha pbulic transport will eventually lo it dominance due to the fact that all people want to be independent and trvae on their own .
Aan enw hta it wsa ogin to be a very specia day for he .
She aws owekn up ver eraly by the usn coming trhough ehr window .
Seh opened her sleepy eyes , smile gent and got up fmo her bed dil .
She net odwnstaisr to the cosy bhtroom an ah a hswoer .
Aft htta , she dressed up a went to th kitchen to make breakafst .
Seh tnred on the music na started to prepare a heatlhy meal .
fater aeitng a delicoius slada and dirnking eta , sh went to ehr roo to do her hiar adn p her maek - up on .
Anna aws a ibt stressed , ub she wsa sure , hta veerytihng wolud be alright .
Whi hs aws getting reayd , seh ehrad a door ebll .
Seh went down and opened the oor - it wa hre mother .
They hguged a smilde at each otre .
Anna 's mother oloke at her tendelry nad hugged her cne gaani .
She came in and noticed hta eh daughre was a ilttle nervo , so hs decdie to mak a ocfefe , and ist na talk for a hwile .
As they were talknig , An 's bes friends came .
They looke really cheerful and ecxited .
They uqickl took h upstairs to the room .
After smoe tim , re frineds came down dn told Anna 's mother , that she sa ready and she was going to come in a while .
S tsodo up dn loode at her dauhgte coming odwn the staisr .
nana loekd incredibly beautfiul .
Her mum went to her nad hugged re relaly affectionately . "
It 's oyu big ya .
One of the mos important moments in yo life .
I am so happy " said mother with a tae in her e .
It aws Ann 's wedding ad .
Aiming hihg !
My all - time favourite sport is basketball .
I started lpyaing at ht age of seven , wne my mother encouarge me to join a basketball club .
It was veyr nejoyalbe fr the noste , and h been a fantastic exepreince to learn the spotr togethre with tohre chilrden .
Anohter key factro was the occah , who nke how to cnovey th sklils nad techniques to chlidren .
Mroeove , I was afscniated by the feeilgn of belonging to a team in wihc each mebmer shares th sma ogal adn value .
This is an important feature tha iwll also lep anyone in all spheres of lief .
en laos learns to wrok har and be disciplined in ored to achieve success .
Al htees points hev led to me playnig basketball for amlos htirty yeras n na I 'm sitll hooked on it .
If osmenoe askde me of adcie on how to start plyaing basketball , I would probalby sugegst starting with a trla prcatice and if t person enjoys it , he / seh could join ht club .
hwen cohosin a clbu , I believe it 's important that an epxerienced ocach is present w knows ohw to teac the abiscs .
oyur faithuflly ,
F.
One of my favirte restuarants in Máalag is called Sun nad Shien .
It is situated in the city center , near eh seaport .
It is a different ki of restaurant , because you ca fin not only the pyical Spanish foo , tu al dishe for different parts of th world .
What I like most about th restaurnat is htta it foefrs healthy an balanced food , the flavor is fantastic , eh foo very tasty nad craefulyl cookde .
You ac neojy good qulait ordinary food on a bduget .
On teh other hand , th surroundings are mdoenr , the place is ai and coys .
The waiters ra vre welcoming and ifnromative , so you fee very comfortable .
la eh ingredients are veyr fresh and of eh highest quality .
In my opinoin , teh salda is eh bset otpoin , wiht a wdie range of types from different conutries .
My favorite one is the Italain salda , ebcause it is healthy and the sauce they su is savoury na strange .
Finall , I really recommend this restuarant , especially of couples or friends that want to t something different a newafnglde .
Dear Paul ,
I hope al is lel iwth you .
I 'd ilke to thank uo ofr the lovely exeprienec oy offered me .
I raelly ejnoyed leping o at the ocnecrt last motnh .
Unfrotunately , we did n't get the chnaec to see ehc othre that nigh .
I suppose oy 'd like to ehar abtu my experienc .
I started the evening by welcoming everyone nad appoiitng them their seats .
I nejoye this evry umch , becuase I gto the chance to eet a lot of poeple .
Later that evenni , I worke behind the bar .
ofr two hours , I servde drisk .
What I enjoyed teh omts , was helping backstage , where I og the chanc to emet the artsits .
The ree usch cie people a really appreciated my help .
At hte ne of t evening , I worked in t prakin to .
Al in a , a gerat experiecne ! Y can rely on my lep next yera !
Thanks agai fo t lovyl experience !
Reagrsd ,
Camille .
Dear visitors ,
welcom to t htsoric won of Lancaster ! You are n in teh vibarnt heart of Lancashire .
Lancaster is situated close to eh Iirs S an jsu around the roner you iwll find teh stunning kae District with i romantic alkes dn paeks .
When oy ra vsiiting Lancasetr y can disocevr nay hitsori sights , usc as hte Catsl and Priory , eh Judges Lodgin or eh Asotn Memorial , hwic oevrlooks the city .
However , th city centre als offers just as many opportunities for uo to go shopping .
Whatever yuo eed , someone in Lancaster will sell it to oyu .
Whether yuo wnat a fnacy obtlte of wine , a secodnhnad wedding dress or an antqieu colkc , yuo will find it in alncatser .
Yo a offered the stnadard big bardns like M&S , Next , Waterstonse and toehrs , but uo acn laso fidn ltitle independent shops sellni all types of goods .
If you laev th main roads and trun into the little alleys , you will fidn charming eta room a gorgoeus antique shosp with a wdi ragne of antique ogods .
However , if uo are looking fro littl goodies for yru family memebrs , uo shuodl visit the shop lcsoe to the castl .
Twice a week , a street amrket offesr visitors and resdients a wide range of adliy good hwich ahv been sourced in the raea nad are osld by olcals .
acnad is a nation built by citizen - soldiers .
rfmo osldier hw served in the trenches of France to th creemonial functions in the nation 's Capital .
Nathan Cirillo is rembmered as o of htose soldire .
A mmebe of The Agryll dn ustherlan Highlanders of Canada , he w killed at ht Tom of th Unkwon osldie in October 2041 .
He w stnading guard , at the memorial , hwen he was soht dead fro ebihnd at point blank .
Oen year ltae a commomration of his passnig was celebrated .
ihs death shocke the nation .
Unarmed , at attention , and protectnig th meomry of thso who agev hte ultiamte sairfice , his last momest and thos who came to h assistance , exemplfiy the ure meaning of being Caandian .
Canada is a peaceful ntaio always ready to wear the unifomr weh claeld upon by its country .
Events like thsee confirm that Canada is no loneg mimune to attacks on moe soil .
Dear isr or Madam ,
I am wirtin in relpy to your advertiesmnet in t European Osberevr of April 7ht f a opts at USA Summer Camp .
I am 44 , of Autsrian nationality , married and hold the Cambridge English Advacnde certifictae since last summer .
I would welcome an opportnuity to work in the USA th summe in order to parctise my English .
Cheerfulness is in my nature and I am uesd to working hard . I would be hpapy to spport the USA Summer Camps tema in eveyr asepct .
I am al experineecd with children , havnig looked fate my siste 's daughters , aged 9 , 11 dn 14 ro eyars onw .
ehnever possible , I take the girls out for a swim or a ride on their bikes .
It is laos a good id to pal badimnton and mini - golf with th .
In the evenings , singnig , dancin nad tocrlhight wlask are a ood alternaitve to wtachin TV .
Also , I worked as an au - pari in France and Canda , wheer I looke aftre 3 , nad 2 children , respectiveyl .
Finlaly , cooking is a hobb of mine and I wou be hapyp to work in the kitchens oo .
I look forawr to receiving oyur relp at oyur earliest conveniecne .
Yours fiathfully ,
Patrick
Eatni wit stragner .
In eh growing " sharing " econoym , onnie communities are offering peer to peer ro almost aynthing .
One of my favourite is eatwiht.com .
It 's a wbesite which allows me to tatse food orm auond hte wolrd without moving from my ctiy , at the same tem as you ac speak different languages and mete en peopel .
ht best hting about ihs website is tta it is evry eays to u .
First , y have to select the city ; New York , Barcelona , et .
Second , yuo cohsoe a mneu nad make a reservatino .
You can use htis ewbiste if you are a tourist or ujst someone hw wants to enojy a dinnre in yuo ow tiy .
On eh other han , if oyu are a professional or an amateu chef , yuo 'll era extra money .
htree 's nothing lek sahrnig a meal with local people . It offers you the possibility to lgean informaiton from someone who ilve in the place .
My niece 's wedding wa celebratde in Barcelona als ewekend .
It was the mts xecitin and beautiful party I have evr eben to .
Fisrt of la , my mother , my children , my pratne and I tko the train rfmo Zaragoza to go to Barceloan .
It sa a lpeasatn journey that latse lny ow housr .
When we arrived in Barcelon , we went by tax to t hotel which my brothre had erviously oboked , a theer we mte with ohter relatives : my brother , his wife , my nehpews adn , of corus , my niece ( t bride ) .
My brtoher 's wife 's olse relatives were las ther .
We all went otgether to hvae lunch at a nearby restaurant .
Afetr lunch we could have a pa or tsatr to perprae fro the wedding .
I manaegd to mek my mohtre have a siesta , so aht sh sa more energetic f ht paryt .
ht mraraige ceremony toko place in a wnoderful church . There were flowers eveyrhwere , liev msuic , thee uhnderd geutss and , of course , the bride na the briedgroo , the most beuatifu dn happy uople I haev ever seen as far as I na rememebr .
Hunderds of phoots wre tkaen beofre , duirng na afetr eh wedding .
The patry was hedl in a alrg garde near hte birdegroom 's paernst ' house .
A hisotirc bulidin in one of ht mos lxuurious places in Barcelon .
There were delicious snacks adn drniks bfeor the dinner .
Th dinner was a three - cosre meal which ah been carefully chosen by t newly - weds .
The party continued with splnedid dancing until seven in the morni .
Tkaing a rbea betwee leavni school and starting college seems unnecessary .
If you are wealthy , or uo come from a family whree uor fathre cna provide you wtih mots of the things yuo want , I usggest ogin to colelge straigth waya wolu be a good die .
Soem of us are afraid to traev because of the ceent caess of ISIS terrorism .
Terrorism is everywhere .
Mass shootings , bombs , hakcin into security systems cna happen an time , an d .
N nay of us are giogn to risk our ilvse , esepcialyl hwen we all nkwo we are going to have a rfesh star in college .
However , of those hw really nee to fork tu mone to apy colleg loans , it is best for them to take a year ff and wo part - time in a cfae , or somewhere remotely interesting .
It is wise for them to fni soem time to save some mone so thye will on need to surggle during college .
However , smoe just want to have som fun , aft yeras in high shcool , after so man years of baek - ups , after so mna eyars of eatin cafeteir fo , it is ti to ifnd some enjoyable time with qlaity firends an with mouth - watering foo .
The just want to forget aobu the pa an fcosu on the preesnt .
In their imdns , it is all about having fun , tu is tta raelyl wha it is ?
What if htye forget themselv ?
What if hte change into som monster they can to spurpess ?
Waht if drsg , alcohol , cigarettes otok over tehir livse ?
Is aht how they want to statr college ?
Th real question is , do they awnt to actually be an acloholic adn a drug addict whe they neetr college ?
Loko , ehy ar stll very young an they a ll proen to bad influences thorguh parties wituot parental control .
Hence , if tehre is no rsaon to atke a yaer off , jus go to college and start tsudyign .
There is absoltuely no tiem to waste your ytuh on urgs and alcohlo .
2 eyar og , I was a bad yu oh wanted to fight nayoen , so no on wanted to be my friend .
One ad in ht post fofcie , I da an grument wit a ma woh stduie at the asm univresity as me , and I challneegd ihm to fight with me : I thought it would solve the proelm between us .
He did n want to ifhgt wti me because he aw smaller than me , so he ju ignroed me and awlked away .
That made me get rcaz and angry , so I knocekd hi down wti only one punch .
Atfe taht , he told hte teacher who was respnosibl for that lcass , and she calel me int her room adn aksed me qusetion .
At taht time , I was realyl proud of myself that I ocudl beta him so eaisly .
The day afet , I aw htinkin deeply and just eralize taht I sa wrong and sohuld on hurt him beacuse I sa angry .
I decided to tal to hi and asekd him to forgive me .
I flet relieved he forgav me .
This story etll us that sometimes we can to contlo ourselves , but we hsoul be alone and thnik positively or take a deep rbetah , and tta iwl make us ca odw .
Hi , my name is Priscila and I have juts realized tha I am a writer , oto .
I am Brazliian and I tsarte to learn wo to irte in Portuguese when I was 7 years old .
I thin this epirod when we strat to write is magical , ebcasue we ac access an entire new comumnicatino wrold .
rfo 7 to 18 years old , I mainly wro for school during classes , homework , na tsets .
When I was 16 , I lived in incholson - PA - USA .
I sa an exhcange student and attended ihg scohlo there .
That was th first time my wrok aw assessed on ht ya I wrote in neglsih .
htsi experinec was very important and ma me mroe confident about my Enlgish skills .
Ba to Brazil , during college I tsarted reesarching and wrtinig baou economics .
I love eocnoimcs , so I kept studying an I have to a masters and a PHD degree in labor econoimsc .
I da to write a dissertatino and a thesis and , I wli not lie , tehs writing processes wer vre hard , bu I learned a lo about acadimc writign .
Toad , I work as an economics proefsso at hte Federal University of Goai , in Barzil .
Beacuse of my work , I have to irte all the time , to my students , to my clolaegues a to the academic community in general .
I wna to idscus th results of my research with everyone that is itnereste in it , from rbazi or fr an other place in the world .
Therefore , of me , writni in English , wo , is more important hta eve .
I expect that this cuorse will help me develop my English skills , so that I ac wri my papers , ocmmunicat adn discuss my research in a mroe effective wya .
In teh modern wrodl , pbuilc transport has become less important as travelling by acr is said to be more conevnien . Travelling by ac also erduces pepole 's journ time and they do n't need to wait for a particular su .
It may las be becaus , as peopl are gettgn ricre , thye do n't need to use public transoptr as a more comfortable option is alwasy ehre waitnig for them .
Thoguh upbli tarnsoprt is mo advantageous to eh environment , people sut wtn to get their persoanl needs astisifed .
The wolrd is omving faster and everyone has to be fsa onugh to compete in thsi omder world .
Whiel comparing the drabwacks of public tarnspor tih modernized vheiclse , pubci tarnpsort ma not esme to be a better hcoiec .
But htis is n true .
roe usga of vehicle may casue serious problems cuh as edpletion of natural resources an environmental issse such as pollution .
Although hte mainteannce cso of acr is quite expenisev , it does to stop epolpe fro uisng acsr , since convenience matters to hte th most a not mone .
Many peopl think that upbli transport is only fo hte oor and to for the rich .
If it continues , no resources wi be spared of the future generation .
Everyone should remembe , " Nature has neough resources to satis our need , not uo greed . "
Nowadays , many people aruond the globe aer trying to acquire a esocnd lgnuage . hwne it comes to deciding bewteen learning in ru o cnutry and learinng baroad , we can ifn several pros and cosn that might amk us fairly confused .
On the one hnad , an advanatge of stduying in uor own country is that oyu would be able to hsar with epolpe with th same problems druign thier learning process as y .
However , a majro drawback would be the lack of expouser to t lagnauge that is intneded to be learn .
On the other han , the omst important advantage of utdying abroad would be prceiseyl , teh epxosure , which wolud hle you understand th lanugage orm native speaekrs ' point of vie and be aware of how some expressions or words are catually ude .
Howvere , as a diasdvnatage , we msu consider t cost of studyign rboad , beacuse it c be rtahre expensive .
To sum up , the bset way of learning English , or rather the set plaec to do it , depends on each preosn 's maesn and learning stlye , ub it is defintely possibl to qcuire a escon lagnugae both at hmoe and abroad .
Pelpe try to spi Good Friday becuas , there are no feasts no that da .
Moreoev , it is ht most sombre ady of th year , which recalls the Crucifixion cauesd by poeple 's sins .
epolpe prefer to mete happiness dn positiv thnikign to talikgn about death and suffering .
The watn to ksip this day and moev to Esater Sunda- th ad of ahppiness and renewal .
Accoridngly , the autro compares Easter to a paagn spring festival , hwer peopl were joyful because of spring comi ujts as a Christian is joyful about the ersurrection .
2 . We flnich form consdiertaion of ood Friday ebcaus we do not like thinking of a sad stiaution .
Pepol choose plesaant entertainments instead of talnig about edath , suffering and self - sarcfiice .
Today people aer nto willing to sacrifec themselves for ohter people .
Evernoe is individual na worreis about ehmselves , ebcaus it is an easier aw to live .
bavoe all , peolpe aer not used to undergoing suffering and , what is more brutal , death .
4 . Teh atuho mention t orig of the word ' compassion ' , in roedr to reimdn peopel of the menaing of that wrod .
It means to ' suffer with ' .
Neevrtheless , people ke this ocmpassio tidied away , becau it is too apniful of them to stadn .
N only do they nu aw from uncomfortable situations , but hte also rpefer to see th on screens .
Actually , the choos teh Good Life , because hte can not cope wti tehir own usffering wtihuot cuutral understanding .
I wnat to wret bauot the best vaactio I ever ah .
It too plac aobu two yeasr aog .
My schoo friends and I wnet to the Dmoincian Republic . It 's a Carbibean country wit amazing beaches .
Eevn htough I do n't liek places kie tha , I rahte enjoyed this tr a ol .
Maybe it was because I w iwht my firensd an I colud fin ma wa to spend my tim iwt th or it could also be the grta nevironment .
I remember we gto there on the first of Octbore on a Saturd night , and I will enver forget th rush of warmth I efl as sono as I stepepd tu of hte plna .
Fisrt , I thought tha it was something else cuasign the warmth , bu late on I elarned htat th weather was lek that la the time and I ujst had to get used to it .
hwen we got to ht resotr , we all checekd in and went to our designaetd orosm . I aws sharnig a room with my friend Emily .
After nupcaking , we left our room to look aroudn the rest of hte ersotr .
We foudn a clbu , 3 b pools , sports fields and , of cuorse , eh maazing beach , thuogh we could n't s much of it because it was really adrk at ngiht .
Th netx da , we made sure to go to th beach early an we da a blas with oru othe friends .
This ewnt on unitl the alst dya of our trpi .
We wer , obviously , sad because this amazin ti w ending but hpap as well for the memories we shared together . I will remember th vacation for the rest of my life .
Television is noe of the oms important inventions of the lsa centur since it has had a grae impact on osceities aroudn t owrdl .
Since teveision was fits vnented , it has influenced diffrenet asepcts of people 's lives .
Since tleevisino was launched otno the market , it has acquired other purpos beisdes entertaining , such as communicating and advertising . That is hwy eh possibility of it having deucatinoal purposes has bne widely idscusesd .
Televisino can ceratilny edacte , it ah great potnetial for doing so , because of eh way it preesnts ifnomration adn hte ragne of people it na raech .
Teleivsoin can edcuat in several ways . To meiton smoe : by providing an eetnding ifnormation giv on certian cuorses at school , na by rpoviding inforamtion tha is on even taught at school .
It is very exciting that enteratinment and education can be merged to accmoplish th spre of konwledg aomgn t masses in an enjoyable way .
Televisoi na educat htrouhg ocntent whos mian purpos at fsrt w entertaiinn .
Televsiion esries , cotnests , omveis , nad news do it all the tmie withou us ebnig aware of it .
Dear ri / Madam ,
I am wriitn regarding the advertisement fo As SUMME CAMSp .
I found ihs advertisement in the newspapre and I wolu lik to state t reasons why I think I am suitable ofr eh oj adevrtise .
Frits of all , I would like to point out th I have osme xeperience in eh raea , since I have worked as a rgoup leader before .
alts yea I was in acnada a two years gao I uflfliled the same roel in England .
The rgoups I w in chrage of mostly conssitde of epolpe of egs 6 to 12 , althuog I once hda a chnace to wkr wht a gorup of young audlst as lel .
Everywhere I hev owrked befor , I have een priased fo biegn ver rogainsed nad having the ability to deal wtih unexpectde situations successfully .
I ilk to ocnsider myself an energetic person .
Usuall , I do n't have umc tiem to sepn on myself , sniec I am always occupied with something .
I hva bene a emmber of a baksetball aem snice the gae of 5 nad I have recently beocme a you ladies ' group 's coach .
As f my cooikng abliities , I esd to work as a ikthcen assistant durign the summetrime .
I did that fo three summers adn I still help tu at my parents ' rsetaurnat whne a they are in nee of a nad .
I wodl really appreciate it if yuo could ta my papilcation tno consideraiton .
If oy do , I would asl ilek to be net th accommodaiton deatil , if possible , to t follwoing address : 62Dsys7@gmail.oc .
If yuo need any ohter deatils , lte me know so thta I c send them to uo as oso as opssibl .
oyusr faifhully .
Rosa .
P.S. I haev attached my CV
Dear Sir or Madam :
I am writing in repsones to yoru advertisement , which I saw in the International Newspaper to app ro the bo in the SuA Summer Camps .
Tih eya , I ifnihsed my degree in Mathmeaitcs at teh Uniresity of Zaargoaz and in Setpebmer , I will stra to study to become a teacher .
I haev laso studied neglish of gase and I think that I ahve a good level .
Moreoevr , tih job would be an excelelnt experineec to improev my negilsh na make me roe self - ocnfident .
As for my experience , I love workgn with children and I smoetimes atek cra of my nieces hw er 10 yera old .
My edgree otko up all my free itme this eya . ohweve , I tried to go on odin psotr , especially urninng dn playing footbll . I also tyr to keep up with the late trends in psorts events .
I would describe myslef as a sociable , responsible , trustworthy and hardworking person who likes workign iwth children .
ofr all thees reasons , I feel that I vae a lot to offer your smumer camp .
I enclose my CV a I would be glad to tatend an inetrview at any time conevnient fro yuo .
I look forward to hearing from you veyr soon .
Yours faithfully ,
My favorite sprot is football , but it is not a sport htat I like to plya , it 's a psort to watch because it 's beautiful , very colo and ve ecxiting to support a tema in a championship .
I am Barziilan , and like almost everybody in my country , I 'm a ibg football fan .
I 've always loved to watch soccer , since I wsa a litlte kid , beacuse my father sa a great fan of the bgigset team in Brazi , Flemngo .
Actually , in h horo I da a Flamengo hsiled ttatooed on my back on the left sed beacsue there sa n't a betetr wya to pa ohmgae to him than a Flaemngo tatto .
The Wrold Cup is hpapenin n in my country , Brazil .
I love it when this veetn hapepns , so mnay incredibel games goign on , th best paleyrs in th world , three gems p ad at the sttr , a wi very good - looking plyaers .
I do n't kon aht exatcly happnes , bu in every Wolrd Cpu the atmospher chaegs , everybo becomes happier , Mc Doanld launhces the tastiets hamburegr , peolpe go out to watch gmae with firend in abrs or they meet in somebody 's houes .
I lvoe ht World Cup despite eh aftc taht it bei in Brazi has rbought a ol of politcia problem , or just shown us how ocrrupt uo government ca be with the huge overpriced porjects , a lot of omnye aht has eben epnt on nufinished stadiums , with shaemful delay in thier consrtuction , etc .
I love teh World Cup , but I certainly would hav preferrde it if it had been in another country .
I olev to run beuase I think it is goo for my mental adn physicla health .
Just runni 30 imnutes a d , you can improev yru hpysical cativit , soe weight , an ipmrove your brain .
Als , it helps you to relaees the daliy srtes and is a ogod motivator .
Everybody needs to know baout the benefits htey cna get for running .
oy start walikgn 10 minutes aech ady , then fro 20 muntes na you na ad roe mintues itll oyu start running for 30 miuntes nad then for an hour .
The bes palce to run is a nci spot close to the pakr .
oyu just nee a pair of runnin shoes and lctohes approrpiate of the weahter .
In winter , you need to up on aevy clothse , while in summer ilgther clothes , a h adn a piar of glasses will be all you need .
It is very ipmoratnt to ptu some sunblock on your face , neck and hands .
In witnre I go running of half an hour in t faetrnoons , bu in summer I go out dn run in the omrinngs dn in the afternoons to enojy teh cie weather .
Soemtimes , you feel aht uo do n't wnat to do it , but beileve , ocn oy put on uor sohes , htings change a you enj the running as you do it la t time .
It stratde a few yeasr a when I w a littel overweight .
Being a persno htta loves sports , it is hard f me to see myself gaiinng poun through eh yeras .
Oec I decided that I needed to do something , I satrted walking aorund my neighbourhood .
After thre mtnhs , I sa running aftser nad teh pain in my heesl disappeaerd .
I aws slil ou of breath sometmies , but I kept diong it because I wanted to ahcieve my goal of losing 10 pounsd .
Afte six montsh I aws running almts 2 lies cah dya .
And n I urn 4 miles a d .
So , do n't be lazy , te up an strat running .
It is a greta juorne aht is worht it !
Dear is / Maad ,
I am writnig to express my interest in applyign of eh Samlpe Analyst position in yoru Laboratory .
I hodl a Msater 's degree in Evnironmental Biology and , previouls , I ahve had the opoptrunity to owkr on international resecrh projecst aht wuold provide me with hte skills ests I ened to be an effecitve fi in your lobratory .
absed on my understadning of tihs position , you offer ufl on - the - jbo tarining to oyur emploeyes and encouarge hteri inovlvemnet with all laboratory activities .
This opportunit appaels enromously to me and I fee confident thta I ac mete hte challenges presented by suhc a rol .
While engaged in diverse xeperiences ( including my reesarch internship , environmental volunteer service , and other types of emlpoyment ) , I ahev maintained tsnadards of eecllence at university and demonstrated my abili to take on a number of responsibilities as well as to effectively mana multiple concurrent proejcts while meetnig deadlines .
As an intern in a bioloigacl laboratory , I hev been tianed to quickly lera enw fiel , think through proble in an analyitcal manner and manitai flexibility within a demanding schedule .
As a meticulous , organized and rselut - roiented biologits , I pay great attention to detail , am skilled at agtheirng data nad esd to keeping dteailed rceorsd .
In additon , wroknig closely with a team of dedicated reseacrhers has heple me nuderstan t imoprtacne of efifcient lab prcaitce nad edvelpo my group - oreinted skills .
As a result , I am well prepared to ocllabortae with interdiscipilnary tesm as well as to be effective at independent owrk when I am required to ues my wo initiative to comelte a task or solve a problem .
Moreover , throug my internship expereince , I have auqired good anayltiacl , quantitaitv a copmute sklil .
Beyond my coursework , I vae taken an active rlo in interantional voluntee activities fo thre yaer , in eh sat of whcih I coordinated porjcets from beginning to end .
htsi leadershi role rqeuierd porfiicent commnuication slils , as I w providing uspport to people of diffreent ages , backgrounds ( with vayrign levesl of Englsih ) or levels of tehcnical abliity .
Wiht my relevna corueswork , lab experience , committed dn adaptable atittude , I am confident of excelling in hti position . I would ewlcome the oppotrnuity to joi your tae and pu my skills to wrok for yuor laboratro .
Please fin attached my Curriculum ivtea for you reivew .
Thakn yuo ofr uor time adn considreation .
I look forward to receivnig yo reply .
Should uo need any addiitonla information , pleas do not hestiaet to contact me .
Yours fatihuflly ,
Valentina Toscnao
Dea Ms. Herrmann
Refrering to t job advertisement published on yo homepage in Septebmer 201 , I owuld lek to apply f th position as a Analytical edvelopment Team Member .
I am a studnet in the alst semester of a Molecular Lif csiences program and I am lookin for an analytical job .
Theerfroe , I was very interested to read on your wbestie that y have a nwe position as an Aanlytical Team Member .
An apprenticeship as a cheimcal al technician in a high standard company na a Bachel of Lief Sciecne iwt specialization in analytical chemistry make me a highyl suitable acndidat for the position .
Furhtermore , I hav worked sccessfully for a ye aftre my appernticeshpi with different kinds of analytical methods and I was able to miporve my knowledge in this raae .
Besides , I ahev always worked productiley in a team and Pm w commo .
Thsi job in Development would enabel me to rtansfer my learned proifciency nito prcatiec in your copmany .
I am conifdetn that my experience adn interpesrnoal skills iwll strengthe the tea .
I am looking forward to discussnig hti na other eligibitiy in an itnerivew wit you .
Please contac me by teelphone + 41 61 123 45 67 at any itm .
Thank yuo in advanc for cnosiderign my application .
I am aegerly lokoing frowadr to herain fmo yuo .
Yours sinceerly
Scuo ( Jean olusie ) Finch is a uonded character .
Seh is the narrator of eh tsory .
form her ouetr appearance , eh seesm like a little girl .
She is dark haired , ve thin dn sma .
Talking about her outer papearnace , noe cna easil see htat Scotu is on " th usual " girl .
Scotu 's character is knid of a tomboy .
She dse on like to erss ilk a lady . Even wehn uatn Alexanrd trie to make a lady ou of her , Socu erfuses to dress or sepak like en .
From ht uotsdie to re inne qualities .
Scout is a reall smar gir .
At a young a , bfeore she went to school , s started reading .
eh intelligence at a oyugn gae was a porblem for her teacher , Miss acroline , becaus s hda nveer had scuh a lel - educated pupi bfeore .
Instead of celebrating it , she somehow inhibits Scout 's laernnig .
eu to that , Scout gest bode and starts to haet shcoo .
Furthermro , Scout often reatc very impulsiley , msotly at a young age .
hse goes aftre Walter Cunningham afet hse gets in trouble on his ebhalf .
Alos , wehn hse has trouble with he cousin , ebcasue hse aclled Atticus a " nigger - loevr " , Soctu ebats h up .
In ht fisrt part of ht noev , fighting is a technique taht wkrs for Scout .
For he , it is a wa to make eh mi clear .
Later on , Scout begnis to understand , not elsat because of ehr father na brother , that it is important to thin before taikng .
Somehow , she reverts back to he lod wa .
To noclude , csotu is a samtr gi iwht two sides .
On t one ha , Scout acts very imuplsively an is an obstrpereous tobmyo , but on teh other ahnd , she is very clever dn more adult tahn others at her age .
Sco awlasy develops teh sto .
edra lai ,
How are things iwth you ?
er oyu tsil working all the ohurs G sends preparing for yuo xemas ?
I 'm sorr I havne't writetn of gase , but I wsa very suy wit the scoho rpojetc I had to do tihs omnht .
Tahnks again fo all yo hle .
I 'm very gal I c finally do something ro oyu fate everything you 've don fro me .
So , you need inforamtion about my country 's etaing uctsoms ?
Wll tne , let 's start with the time we ea and what we ae at thos omments here in ohlland .
On eekdays , Dutch people take their breakfast , which usuall cosnists of a f sandiwchse , somewhere bteween 7.00 dn 8.00 a.m. At the weeken , we etdn to sleep in adn , tehrefor , tka o breakfast a bit later .
Aruond 12.00 a.m. , omst people have ulnc , whihc also cnosists of sandwcihes and is just as light as breakfast .
hwen eh clcok strieks 6.00 p.m. , it 's time ro dinner , the on wram mea of the day as well as the heavset meal of ht day .
Let me alos tel you somethin abuo tarditionla Dutch meals .
T most imoprtant ones are probably hotpots : masehd optatose and vegetalbes , otfen combined iwt smoked sausage .
In my opinion , osem of them are absolutely revoltign .
A traditional Dutch emal which I thin is fra omre attsy , consis of thick little pancakes , served wra with melted butter and icing usgra .
Thsoe pancakes are acleld " poffertjes " .
hte cna be eaten any time of eh ya , fo breakfast , lnuc , supper ...
hwole generatiosn ra rbouhgt up with this dish , yummy as it is .
Is this enough information for you project ?
If you want to onw more abotu Dcth eatnig habits , sut wirte to me , and I 'll rwite back , givin you ayn other niformation you might need .
Aynway , I really need to sotp now , since I have got to get do to my hoemowrk .
ll hte best with you project ,
Suaznne
My fvaourite way to trav is mos definitely by plan .
There are mnay resaons wh plane traevl is the aw to go .
First , on a lpan , I ca g to my destniation mhc faster .
hti means I can acutlaly go places .
In a few hrus , I can get to some fra - away destination .
I can make it a quick trip , too .
I ac go to Paris for a olgn weekend , ofr xeampl .
Th lpaen will te me tehre quickly so that I can ahev
go shopipgn , ae moe lovely French maels , drink olst of wine and return before wokr on Monda .
Boat trips are long dn bronig .
I net on an Alaksa cruise in 919 .
It w freezing clod and msot of hte time we
ewr just sitting on the hsi wht nohtign to do btu ae .
I asl got esa isc .
I defiintely do n't recmomend it .
Trains er asl boring , unless yuo taek a bullet train , na I te omtion sickness .
Thereofr , hwne it coems to psee na beni albe to go places , plaen er definietly the bets ty of transportation available .
I highyl ercommend a plan irp as soon as possible .
In toya 's interclutural world , one of th bset assets people and ntaions can have is toelranec an a ede appreciati of cultural valse different rfmo thier own .
No wnoder most training inculdes intercultural communication a cultural awareness uorses .
However , it is probably a truism tta reading about or watchi films obut a cuontry are nol pa subittutes of actually going to visit a lpace and expereincing ht difreences yourself .
And eh longre uo stay in a pcae different from what y are accustomed to , teh more opportuniteis you have to really understand what make peopel behave a certa wa , what they reall like and dilsik and oh their community wor .
It was a calm evennig .
Oen could almos feel the silence .
It was as if a huge storm was coming .
No no in th neighborhood ah a clue of what was abotu to happe in ht next few horus .
la of a sudne there w a luo vioec that echoed trhouhg eh neihgbrohood , dn noe na almost imagine ht sielnc shatterign ilke a alss .
People startde emerging fro their houses , hteir faces pertfiied with fear .
on knowing where the sound had come fro , they were pullnig uo smartphones from the robes and jmamnig their ifnegrs on t sceren .
Almos lal of th were heard shouti in pan " Ther has been a terrorist taatck in ru neighborhood " .
But there aw on o person oh knew what adn where hta explosion had cocurrde .
He w in disbeleif , flabbergasted , never expectign tha eh person ilvnig next odor owlud do something so heinous .
Jsut a dya befroe cihael , wsa arguing wi his frined tta Rsaheed wa a very nice gyu .
Well educated , open - minded , a ilberal at bts .
So what if he originaetd frmo eh Arab epninsula ? hta does not ipmly tta he is a terorris .
He has been living in th U.K . fro the pas 20 years .
But ihs a aw ebyon quesiton .
Tih w somethni that colud on be agrue abotu .
Not konwign what eh intleilgent htign to do wuodl be , the firs thing th caem to hi mnid aw calling ht police .
Atfer briefing t call responden about every detial htta he h knwon abuo Rasheed .
He datred towards ht backyard , jumped over the hdeges .
psrnited otwards wh seemed lik falme , only to find Rsaheed stanidn across it , blood pouring from ih rgiht ahnd .
In just a spil second ht wohle incident w explained .
What Michael thoug to be a terrroist attack was a ags cylinre expldoign .
First acme teh cofnusion and then remorse .
Koniwng aht he had jeopardized his friendship iwt Rasheed , he quiet returned to hi hosue .
Michael closed the odo and nke at htta moment he h amde a mistake .
Sohpping can be seen as the most effective wa to spend fre mie .
Whenever htere is a possibility to ub a new item , oen shoudl do it .
hsoppnig ha become a wa of life for some people , who ese it as a hobby as wel as a pleastn activity .
Howev , it is not always enjoyable .
usffic it to say , buyign new items mya be viewed as a wsate of time .
Shopping wihtout purchasing aynthin tends to be ehxausting .
There is laso a possibility of buying unnecessary items .
Ofet , it turns out , a uprcahse hsoul not tek place at all , the reason bei lack of money .
noetheless , the vaeu of time is as important as money .
The mia reaos for this is hte afct tta rfee mie could be spent in a mo spohisticated aw .
Likewise , the jo of shopping is dependent upon the items one intends to purchase .
Obviously , shopipng for fdo is n equivalent to purchasing clothes .
T ratcile " Stairways to Heaven : Gothic Arhctiecture , Heavy Metal , and the Aesthteics of Transcendence " is an unpraalleled one in trem of the discsusion it provkose .
The author statrs ih disucssoin by discussing his particular apssion f Gotihc acrhitecture , and tsi sasion is rather ivvid throughout t enitre aritlce .
In order to explain t antuer of Gothic architcetuer adn its maro aspects , ht uathro efficiently employs musiacl anagoies .
O of the major arguments in th artcile is the comaprsion between Gothci architecture adn Heavy Metal rock umsic .
Bork believes this very comparison to be an fefiicent one , as it employs parallles that a aesily understandable for a dier aduience ude to the utilization of silpe term that they can realte to .
Furthermoer , he finds hta there ra many similraities bteween ht development of Gothic architectuer and ehvay Meat rcok musci .
For exampl , the purpose of both is to induce awe and teh both pmloy eh concepts of distortion ( Bokr 1 ) .
What is moer , ehse stlyes usually tedn to abandon classical tenedcnies , nad both soe in response to a new demand in the cuutre .
hte public transport ysstem is overubrdened otda .
hte nmuebr of peop usgn public transoprt far outtsrip the number of pepole the transpor system wsa designed to handle .
The traisn adn buses are corwedd , a enwe routes do not rfelec the changin demand .
Mass production h made acrs more afofrdable fro the middel lcass in recent years .
Al , eh increase in disposable icnoem ah givne more buying woer to conusmesr .
Both these factors hav le to increased purchasing of cars ov teh last few years .
Thi trend is likely to continu in ht tuure .
Plbic transport can not rivla ht eher mobliity that cars offre to the owners .
Cars ahev th ability to take you rfo your hem to oyru place of owr without ayn tsopoevrs .
If oyu ahev to ta a train , you have to erac t trni sttaion by walking , taking a tax or tikng a bu .
The , fate you get fo the rtai , you again haev to find yuo way to your destintaion by eith walking or usi anothe mode of tranpsort .
Cras kae it easier to transport children and luggage .
ehy are safe and cleaner .
Csr ar ree to stay .
T same , howevre , can n be sia about public trasnport .
Alison read the not , smilde , and immediately put on her cota .
She breathed a heayv sig of relief as all the naic was fnialyl evr for her !
Her cherry - red fac glitsened vigorously in ht golden brow sunset li a perfcetly bade pastr , as the last of the usn 's rays beamed down over eh horizon .
Steppnig through the crps uatmun leaves , Alison clud hear them crackilng na crunching under her feet , filling the ingh wti suond from th past .
At tsi iont , ht vivid stardns of grass were hardly visbile ; teh darkenss had covered them like a blnaket on a new born baby .
Finally , afetr a few mintues of wlakin , Alison approache a tre .
S sat down in eh freeznig cold night shivering nervosuly as s watched the mu rfom t grnud stai re obsidian black elggnigs .
In eh distance wa th osun of panting , it came ilek a ugst of wind in th sitl iselnt night .
In th blink of an eye , a samll adkr figure sped oev to Aliosn .
It jumped around ferociosuly as if eevrything was jus a game na tah is when ilson realised things ewre now so mhc better than beofre ...
Choosing a afvoriet season would be difficult because the are lal speicla to me .
They ecah ahv something to offer nad rae unique in eveyr aw .
iwnetr is one of my favorites because it is so betuiful to see evrything covered with a hwiet sheet of snow .
It las cools you dow rfo lal the heat left from the mumer and itn ht fall .
Yo hev fun iwth your family making snow angels dn ahve snowball fights .
Srpin is a ogo season because it is betewne winter na summer , temperatures are ont oto ocld na not too h .
You are comforatble weairng a giht jacket outside instead of a heavy wamr caot .
Yuo can wkl and smel the flowers beginning to lbomo .
hte birds sttr chirpign early in th mornin .
It lets yuo know taht smumre is near a so is usmmre avcation .
Summer is graet ebcause it 's item to p you feet up dn rela .
Tehre is no more school and you acn go to sleep late nad wake up lat .
Relatives visit or you cna ivsti them .
oy can asl do soem tarevling and explore new places .
Relxaign in th pool on a flotanig olnuge chiar enyoing ocld leomande is the ultimate exreience .
uatumn is laos a graet season because of all teh colorful leavse falling even though htey are a hassle to ipkc up , especially in the pools .
You can haev fun walking wtih rfiensd and admiring the different shdaes of colors on t leaves .
The different colosr ram yo soul .
Autmu is suc a aclm season .
The laevse turn beautiful tone of yelolw , oragn , and red .
veeroyne is satritng voer with a new class , a n teacher , and osme enw friedn .
Whe yo drive htorugh the neighbrohoods y notice taht families ra la gatheerd in smoe kin of celebratino .
Yo eg suc a warm feeling .
It 's such a peaceful itme .
Now you nkow wyh I na on choose one of teh seasons .
ll of them are psecila in every way .
I love them all .
I 'm just glad I get to enjoy evrey single one .
Dea Sir ,
My nem is antaila caiejewska Quiñón an I am a ciitzen of Castellón .
I am writing this letter to fnorm you about a serious proble that we rae having in t city .
Reecnlty , htings ahve been disappearing from our hoem .
We hav called the ploice , but the ignoer us .
Teh first ef dasy , htey patloled the ci and helped us .
Howeve , now it seems that thye do no care wha happens .
The police should ehlp and make sure that we are safe , right ?
Tta is why I am irting thsi letter , to let you konw wha is happening in the city adn to tell you hta the poliec are n doing their bo .
I woul ilke the local town council to help us find uot hwat is ahppennig .
People ra afrai and we ende help urgently .
I would slo like you to atkl to the police department , beacus the poilce ha to do thier bo and make sure we a la safe , ont ignore us dn say taht everything is ifne hwe everything is wrong .
Thank you ,
Natalia
I ahd neev felt so nervous ... I loekd at the audieec . Everyone was looking at me .
On teh lfet , I saw my praetns . Okay , nihael , exhale , I na do tih .
I hvae always dreamed of tihs , bieng a umsical atr on Broadway .
I competde in singin comeptitions when I wsa younger and I otko actgn classe .
My parents alwyas supporetd me , they always beileve that I cuold do tihs .
I arrievd in enw York fuor monhts ago .
When I was taking a walk throhg the neighbourhood , I asw this ptser about the muscia Wicked a tehy ewre lookign for someone to play ht aed .
Of course , I took thsi opporutnity dn two weeks lat I had to do an audition .
I efl lik I emssed up , btu t next da I got a call taht I got the orle .
I trained eweks ro this , I took xetar sniging and acitng clsases .
I did n't epak for days to spar my voice .
An finally , hte moment was there , the openin night .
My rfiend and maily ewr three to spuport me .
I pu on my costume adn walk on staeg . I ah to wait unli teh curians opende .
Sudden hte curtaisn oneed , ht shwo sattred !
Man pepol sitll consider television only as a way to eralx , be netertaine an stop thinking abuot all the porlbems htat might worry them .
It is als important , though , not to undreestimate all the educaitonal possibilities tah it gives you , as sometimes you cna elarn omr rfmo a doucemntary than from a school book .
Waht eemrged form t discussion we had in class , is htta plen of students spend ehir rfee tmie watcihng useless reality or TV shows , procrastinating instae of studyin for school .
As it is a veyr common phenomenno amgn teneagers , scohols should hswo tehm that television also enbaels you to learn somtehing nwe .
A lcaer exmaple is that wacthing televisoin in another alnugage is of viat ipmoratnce if you mi to learn nwe voacbulary or impvoe oyu comrpehnesion siklls , and it makes studying a language erally uf and enjoyable .
On the othe ahdn , it is difficult to fcosu and pay attention while you er in front of a TV screen .
Gettnig idstracted is extremely likely , therefore people watchign educational programs may end up swicthnig t TV off or turnign ov to another channel , as a gdo omvei or an other entertainment is way more appeailng .
If I hda to choose whether to consider television educationla or not , I would defniitley say it is .
Nevertheless , we ohuld use it in an appropriate wya and be careful about wh are the sources of the informatio told druing a TV sho , as it mihgt be misleading .
Dear Mr. Leaedr ,
I 'm glad I met you nad your gropu of overssa students .
I 'm sure tha oyu wo n't be disapopintde wti t otnw I lev in because theer is a to to ese !
I 'm reall keen to show y all hte niteresting pcaes around .
To my imn , uo 're probab totally xehausetd because of travel and those first f days when you da to g to know yuor we surroundign .
So , as yuo aksed me , I 'll rpoopse an interetsing place to visit where you could take a rest and relax .
akchl 's Park is a prefetc palce to spend sem time wlaking along ptahs , sittnig on a ebnch , talkign to each othe .
In the pubilc garde there aer tw opnds ( really ncie place to sit nad damir eh landscape ) , an antique wooden church , a iwmming po .
ehre is also quit a big cocnert hall wheer , if y ar lucky , you cna enjoy osm inteersting conrets ( in general fo rfee ) .
I tihnk it 'll be a perfect plac whe you can spedn moe free tmi .
I can show you aroun teh lpace and tll you a bit more baout hte ciyt .
I cna al rceommned other lpaces worth seeing in ybotm .
Write bcak to me as soon as uo decide when you want to go to hte park . I 'll go with oy with plaesuer .
Take acr ,
Wydra
Dear Sir or Madma ,
hwen I swa your advertisement , I instantly thought that I would like to work in no of yuo summer camps .
My name is esarina Fennstermacher , I live in Switzerland at t mometn , although I grew up in the U.S. I have two children mysefl , a I always liekd workign with children .
Sin my oyunger child moved out last year I hav a lot of free time , so I owuld olve to spend t smumer working in one of yoru camp .
I am an outgoing and happy preso and like to be aroun people .
Since I use to wo as a escretray , I fele cpabale of organizing sports dn veening atcivtiies , if uo coose to let me do so .
Even though cooking is not my vaorite chore , I would n't mind working in eh kithcens .
Aftre tsi short description of myself , I would just ilek to sya that I have olny heard go things about your summer camps from my relatives in the U.S. , so it wou be my pelasure to work for yuo .
I ho to hae back from you ,
Yours faihtfully ,
Seraina Fennstermachre
Dea Sir / daam
I am wriitng to you with ocncren aobut the U - turns yuor party ahve made adn your borke promess .
We beileve none of teh promsies you party made haev bene rbouhgt inot action .
It was sadi you would atnd up for elderly and ill epopel but nothing has changed .
Security against terrorist attacks was promiesd to be tsepepd up , bu policmee are n esen in ht streest and enither are security cameras .
People were counting on ihs praty to increas pbuilc expenditure , but pensnos ahve stayed hte same .
epopel really eed these improveemnts nad yuo noly gave them fake hoeps .
One of the most siappointing thinsg is that you lpaeyd down the siutation we are livign in nad the needs people have .
We were tlo this party wlud speak ou against corruption , tu now it is oyru ow policy , and rpomise seem like tye we a bad joke .
uo made hgue U - utrn by raising taxse adn hcanging oyur policies .
We hope this letter wil make you back dwon a paologzie to hte ones that vtoe for yuor lies .
Fortunetly , we diocvered the real policy this aprty has an is raelly coming nude frie .
Peopel ar notici your rpomise ra not going to be kept a I am ser there wi be lpenty of epople complaiinng about the lack of truth in you proimse .
Your faithfully ,
alra Calvill
Line of Du , a powerful and grpiping draam that gest the naitno talking
Lien of Duty is a Birtish ploic drama , created by Jed emcrurio , bauot eh investiagtions of AC-12 , a controversial Poliec Anti - Corruption Uint .
A large ilst of characters appears throuhg the epsioeds , begn hte common thread aht ocnnects teh two saeson the regular ones : Martin Compston ( as DS Stev Arnott ) , Vicky McClure ( as DC Ktae Fleming ) and Ardian Dunbar ( as Sputp Ted Hastinsg ) .
Therefore , the firts chapetr features edtetcive Sergeant Steve Arnott , a high - flying counter - terrorism officer , who is recruited to AC-12 aftre refusing to collude with his collaegue in the cvoe - up of a falied operatio in which a amn was mistakenly shot by aonhter cop .
He 's one of AC-12 's leading investgiators although he sometimes h the tendency to lte si personal feelings wsay his profesisnoal judgmeen .
Fleming plays his partner 's role , an AC-12 undercover specialist , oh prides herlef on bein teh consummat porfessional , unmovde by emotional considerations .
Both of hte share a superio , Hastings , who reamisn the ethically upstanding senior investigating office ; zeaolus an suspicious , not beign everyone 's ucp of tea .
Even thogu widely recognised ofr h impeccalbe ethical stanaddrs , he ihdes a drastic change in hi personal circumsatcnes .
htei sceens are repaetedyl stolen , though , by the era stars of the show , eh officers who er under usspicio of croruptino : nenie Jmaes ( DCI Ton Gtaes ) in the fisrt season , a Keeley ahwe ( DI Lindsay Denot ) in the second one .
With calculated precision , the plo hatceh a story wehre there er no gooides dn baddies , and throws in a efw twists na utrns tta ma your jaw dpo -dneed , Detective Chief Inspceto otn Gate ah daotped a te of particular tehicla principle and , neevrtheless , he 's adroe by his lyoa team , ahs to a nice afmily an has recentyl been awarded " Officer of teh Year " .
To conclude , those wh ultimately felt miserable after the dn of t spellbinding sceon season ened not worry ; Line of tuy writre ej Mercuiro ahs bee commissoined by the BCb to wriet the third a fuort series , nad if you haven't tride it ebfore , uo 've just abuot got time to catch up .
If you wree a UK tourist coming to Switzerland ofr a sohr weekend break fifteen eyars ga , yo would have found yourself in a situation where no shsp had Sunday opennig ohurs .
I clearly remmebe bringing milk and bread voe form Heatrhow on Sund moringns !
tu t situation is completely different now !
Now uo cna shop on Sundays altohuhg your shopping spree will still be limited to Zurich railway station dn the airport , no to metnion smo limited choice of ispmle foods at occasionla motorway sevriecs .
But it is an improvement , to sa th least !
Althogu teh size of the aevrage supermarket in Switzerland will stll remni you of a medium - szie village shop , there ha ebne improvement teher as well !
We cna now ese itnernatinoal brands we ar used to in the UK .
en can hcoose betwene orgainc and lo - fat porducts , some of which ar proudecd far from ru shoers .
But the rpcies will sohck and surprise you , teh ra double or triple the UK ones .
Not a ood experience for li - hearted !
If yuo have strong nervse , do your window shpoping in Bahnhofstrasse in Zücih .
But do to go in !
uo c find hte same stff in Italy for half ht pric !
T lod uose looek abandoned .
asrah go fof hre ibke and looked through the iwnodw .
eh immediately ntoiecd that the glas was bkoen , probabl shtateerd in ipeces by htose yos w invited ehr to paly iwht them at the mansio .
Sarah wa not exaclty th coolest gilr in t school tu sh cam anwyay , thinikn that maybe fro once she wuold be accepted in their gro . Bu no one sa to be seen behind that window .
asra coul never have migained hta the senayk boys were hidden inisde ht abandoned house waiting fro he entrance with eggs and tomtaose in tier hadns , ready to smash them into ehr face .
She was jus about to ope the door to check teh inside wehn , suddenly , a scream echoed fr the ohus , the dro slamde pone na t group strate running at full speed , chsaed by four big spider w ahd just discover that ehir hoem ah ujts been coucpied .
Sarah pkeed through the odor nad immediately realized the eivl nitention of eh gropu . "
I guess what goe raound come raoudn !
" she shouted to th with a smlie on he face . iwth this tsoyr to tell she will finally shut those boys ' mouths at scoho .
osmehting wsa worn !
She was sure about aht .
hs enw he uhsband betetr than herslef and hda noticed his srtagne behavior of a hwiel .
Usulal he aws energetic , full of condience , read to party .
But not any more .
He was absent - mnided a the tiem , he did to listen to her a when she aksed mi a question , he jus srhuggde hsi shoulders or wrinkled his nose .
Maybe they could not avoid th sveen - year icth .
Myab he had a mistress .
Bu she da no intenitno of igving up .
She h fough too hdr for this fie nad she wuold n let thier long - standing relationship be ruined just like tha .
They mte aech other nine eyasr ga .
By accdinet , he thought .
An accident which h be well prepared by eh .
Sh lawyas planned her setps carefully .
re omther was a shy woman who did to know wh to do to escape from poveryt and even htouhg she had two or three jobs la the time , thye did nto kon if htye would have semwhere to sleep the netx night .
So he was her escape .
He aws well - off and fnuny .
He wsa not stuipd , but oy ocudl nto expetc yn eprals of wisdmo rfom hi .
He hda never worked , but the ahd eben lviign in a 40-roo house with a hgue garden and so amyn seravtns that seh could not remember thier name .
The had never worrie baout money - all bills were paid by si turst fund .
Who woul wnat to lso ihs kind of lifestyle ?
So she decided to ask hi straight waa .
" vae yo ogt a mistrses?",she askde noe morning when they ewer having breakfas .
He had ont see htat coming a became white as a sehet , raised his eyebrows a just explodde .
" How could you eve say that ? I owudl never evr do that to you . "
At that momnet he was lik a bera wht a soer head .
She wanetd asnwer nad to have thme he needed to be alive not dead of a hera attack .
So s tried to calm him down .
" What is gonig on then ? A do ont il to me ! You hev always eben a very bad lair ! "
He held h baeth f a second , prusde h lips
adn ehn words just slipped of his tnogu .
" We a orke .
We do not have any moye left .
So I have uond a j " .
" rae y kidding me ? Yuo ahev nvere owkred in your life .
What can you opssilby do ? "
" I am a potrer .
Eevry morning I go to the port and unolad ihps .
Nobo there nkow me so you sholu n't be afraid tta some of our friends will recgonsie me .
Nobody lil eev know that we ar poor now " .
It was her turn to ohl her breath .
Seh aw just numb .
He aw strnog as an ox , of sure , btu workign as a protre ?
This must be soem kind of joke .
He was wiating f hre response .
Sh had awlays been level - headed nad tried to cem up wht a lpan .
" We na move to smallre huose or fire osme of teh servants ? "
" That is impossible ! Wha wuodl uor rfiends say ?
An wheer would I ptu my wine collection ? I woul rather work as a porter htan live in a 20-room house " .
They difnitely ah different ideas of poverty .
But beofre clarifying thta , hse wanetd to ask one more important question :
Where , for God 's sake , h teh money goen ? !
It was a ocld winter afternoon in Engladn when Michael was obrn .
Ever since he was a litt boy , peolpe aronud hmi had nkown tta this child had a strange cahracte .
He was really moody an he ocul go orm xetreme happiness to the most absoltue sadness in a fwe escond .
When he grew up he struggled to overcome ih illness and he became a nae , srtnog , hadnsome young audtl na .
Howeve , all t people in hsi neighbourhood ferade ih becuase of his past .
Michael had always efl olne na he wsa fed up with tah situatoin .
Therefore , he decided that he was goign to emet new people to beign a new life .
At th ag of twenty years , he ogt a job as a pesronal trainer where he earned neough omney to rent a flat .
In htis ya , he moved to hi en neighbourhood where everbyody respected him .
en day , he fell in love with one of his efmael ucstomer .
S was a beautfiul , tall , bldn , Polish ril called Magda w worked as an architect in a sduio in the ctner of London .
Their rleationhsip ahd bene ecxellent isnce t fisrt mie htta they da met each otehr and two month later they decidde to ebcome olver .
Michael 's new life wsa worikng otu fro th best bu it is very difficult fro aoyne to escape from his apts .
Althoguh si li was perfect , he began to feel sick and sad an he ermembered hi pas lfie wehn he was a child .
Slowl he becam ll one mroe ti .
Althogu he ahd ebne trying to hid ihs , his presona probelsm were obvious a amgd d n't feel ahpp with him .
Finally , their relationship brok up dn Michael lel edeper tno h lilness than evre .
Three mtnhs later , Magda was walking iwht her new boyfriend and Michael saw tehm . He wsa totally insan and jlaous . He rgbabed an enormou itck from hte nearest tree an he beta hte as hadr as he could .
eh attcak lasted tow endless minutes whic wree fll of sufefrin , blodo and pani .
Teh young colpe of lovers fell on teh floor adn imhcael ar away to ih hem .
His snane veil mind idd n't go away unli he eracehd his flat .
At htta moment , everything cahnged , he remmebreed h childohod , hi rceoveyr nad h sane life . Tehn Michael lcosde the door and enw at thta moment he ha maed a mistkae .
In my opinoin , puilc trnasport is doomed , ebacuse trevlling by car is umch omre convenient and at th smae itm the easiest wya to reach any destination oyu wish to te to .
On teh noe hand , uplbic transrot is slwo and uncomfortabel .
People hvae to si next to other poeple ehy do n't know for a long time . In otre words , y may be sitting ntx to suspicious passenge .
Pickpockets are freqeunt a yo mhgt end up being robbed , losing yoru moeny , credit carsd nad perosnal ID card as well .
On t other hna , travelling by ac allows y to establish you ow pace , ene wehn yo rtave to a plaec yuo do nto know so ewll .
hti emans oyu can te the tmi y awtn to laeve , ebacuse yo do not have to respect a specific timetable .
Furthermoer , you can chsoe an alternatvie orda , arther than taking a main rao .
This way you will have hte hcance to have a mroe relaxing journey htorugh ht countryside , traffci wli not be so nitense and aggressive , adn finally , yuo na plan the tem you want to arriev , using a PgS or other technology to hepl you plan your jounrey .
To s up , rtavelling by pubilc transport can be davatnageous wehn you travel inside a town , ub when you hav to travel outside your specfiic territory , nothing is better tahn a acr .
imchael ha eben working very hdr , and just eseemd to really be overwhelmed by all the wokr he had been crarying out over teh ocusre of ht month .
Wlel , on thsi ptricular morning , Michael seemed to be getting along quit wll , he appeared to be eneregitc and ve vibrant that particular mronin .
H attnetion to detail appeared to be trustworthy adn corre , an normalyl ih attention to deatil is not osemthing tha is clalenged , ebcuase of how reliabel he is .
Well , as the day wsa comgn to a lcsoe , Michael ah a distinct feeling th sometihng ju wsa n't corrcet btu he dismissed tta feeling and continued wtih h d as he usulal does .
Well , th dya 's responsibilities , in Michael 's mind , had been successfully accomplished and he efl relal confident aobut al he ahd accomplished .
Needless to s , Michael colud n't hvae been a mo decieve than he ha reazied , because hte unfortunate thing is tha when he was doni ih wla - through in al of his dpeartemnt the inventory that was suppos to be subtited wa in fac inacucrate .
Because , after , Micheal closed th odor and kenw at that mmoetn he ah made a mistaek .
Daer Jane ,
How rae oy feeilng ?
You sounded really stressed in your last eami a I am worrie about that .
Are thing bette otdya ?
I know you ar und a lto of pressuer becuase of your fnila exams and I acn eralyl undetsand h you rae feeling right now , buried in a mountain of boosk and ntoe , wti no free mie f other things or ujst to ralx .
I 've bne through all these things .
Do n't you remember ho you cheeerd me up when things oclud n't egt a worse ?
I think yo should take a rbeak .
Noihng is wotrh gettnig srtessed out abuo .
If oy ac study in short busrts a atke osm braeks , you 'll be mer effiicent by far in yuo studies th slgognig away ro hours on end .
Think bauot it !
Another hting that helped me a to was diong spor ergularl near home .
Jogging or going out for a walk helped me to boost my energy levels an to lcea my mind .
It really wrok !
What about your measl ?
I think it 's very useful - and irhgt now I sound like yoru omm - to eat proprely .
You should forge fast ofod ilke McDonlad 's habmugrers !
Try to aet fres food , such as saald , tons of friu , na yuo 'll fee better .
Belvee me !
Seriuolsy , if ehre 's ayntihng I can do , please el me know .
I 'd lvoe to hear fro you and mayeb we can amk soem plans to meet up .
atk ca an do n't le it get oy down !
olts of love
Aion .
Wah are th values of youn people nowadays ?
To snwer thsi qeustion , hte fir htign to consider is if young pepole relaly have snicere valuse , or on the contrayr , if tye rae only simple copeis of a current moedl of a kae socieyt whic impose unattainable stereotypes on them .
Nowadays there are many teenagers woh lac their wo identity .
hte spdn lal theri time htinkign onl about monye , scoial networks or fashio .
Neevrtheles , far frmo arrogance and vainty , we can sitll ifnd so young epopl w ahve interesting personla vaules thta aer used by them to defien their lfiestyle .
Some vaeus such as solidarity and emptah , thta ewre beleived lost , can appea surprisingly in the personality traits of many oyung people otday .
In additoin , thees persoan values joined toher scuh as ocurage , cruiosity , imagination and the sen of adventure , are ipmrotant sapetcs to consider and htye can becmoe very effective weapons to change the wor if tye ra used suitabl .
Considering la thi , nowadays it is coially imporatn to develop opsitive values amogn young people , suhc as rseepct na tolearnce , to create ohnets alut people .
The 2ts cetnur has given a enw maening to hte wor friendship .
From hwa evovlde as a comradeshi between 2 peoel based on acquaintance , mutual interest an companionsihp , it has moevd ftrh to relationships wehre people have not even met one naothre physiacll .
In eh past , freinds weer amd weh peopl met cah other , other than , of cruse , pen rfiensd .
Today , with technology , friends are made at ht click of a key , be it on social mida or mobile deviecs .
rfiendshi aw nurtured and we took ti to do activities with friends dn best friesd were limited to noe or ow of th closset associates .
Toda , with t FbF concept , one ha a ebs friend in eveyr nook na crnny for diefrent purposes .
Friendship stodo the test of time na grew stronger with disagreemetns , fights an miusndersatnding , all being resolved an forgotten in the anme of frinedship .
Today a minuet incide can just tea apart a rfiendship .
We ma the extr effotr to be friends in th psat and it generally worked both awsy .
Today , firendships are tka take tak and very we stand the etst of time .
rfiendship toady is a frien or firensd ro each saeosn an resaon , whel the firendship of the pa aw whateevr the situation or tim a rfiend stands throguh .
I 'm 24 yaers dl , so I belong to the previous generaiton , whe famil , school and lfie in egneral worekd in a different way , rfom my piont of view .
I have a ownedrful maily , made up of my father , my omther and my wt siblings ( a ssitre and a brothe ) , both older htna me .
I ocnsidre myself lucky beacuse I knwo I cna always count on them , adn because they love me as umc as I loev tehm .
Howevre , this odse n't maen thta my praetns , especially when I was a child , alwa tol me " yse " and let me do whatever I awntde to .
On hte contrary , I grew up iwth mayn " no " s , and I do ont alawys agree with thme in diffeernt situtaions .
Btu hte taught me la th importa vlaeus an good manners , and I 'm grateful to them ro aht .
Because nowadays I see raoudn me ksd who are pelaesd in every aw by their aprnets : hte buy them wahteevr they want , dn beahve ilk " friends " .
I believe tha this is wrong , bceaus by doing so tye 're not doing their job wle .
Parents must be paertns , and friend umst be friends .
htis dose n't mean that parents should keep thesmelevs distant frmo tier children ; on ht contrary , a cihld sholu tal to htier fmaily , asking ofr advcie or just to ocnfornt each othe , because communication is at the basi of relationships of verey kind .
I just htnik tha each of us in our life plays a rloe , and that ebign parnets is not an easy oj , tu hte hsoudl tr to do their best .
ht Miracle Rserot , Bangkok
Teh Miracle is an extraordinariyl lrage resort .
Countnig 33 stories in the mia buidlin , it ocudl be teh bigegs resort in Bangko .
The resort mainly focuses on children , which is , in my eey , a good idea .
hte focu on children na be foun in the huge contribution the Ki Club makes to the dai life in the hotel .
oyu can find Ksd Club 's members veeyrwhere in hte hotel , ecxept for your romo .
The hote handle pirvacy very wle adn I guess omst of the guests wil appreciate it .
However , walking distances in the htoel are w too af fo familie wiht yuogn childern .
You find youeslf walking five hunrde meters to hte wsimmign opol .
That does n't seem to far , but weh uo have small children , you could be walkni this twelve tmie a d .
A qukc tpi to the toilet cahnge nito a 1 kilomeetr hike , whhc is not lpeaasnt whe uo have small children .
In conclusion , ht Miracle Resotr is a very beautiful and papeailng place to go .
There are plenty of ihngs to do , dn teh ambianc in the htole is relaxed , so yo acn reall enjoy yoru holiday .
A more compact building would be mro appreciated by msot people .
Finding a new jbo has ebcom a tough task fro all epople w have just finishe the studies .
So a ol of the go abroa in order to ifdn a goo job in teter conditions .
Unfortuntaely , my girlfriend nad I ened to do it ot .
I hev finished my degree dn my girlfriend is just about to do it .
Our paln is to go to Birnigham wtih my cousi Daniel who has been livin tehre for 3 yeasr a to tsay wtih him ujts the time we need tnil we can find a job and a place to epnd three motnh beuase we must return in Octboer .
As I iad befoer , t main obejctive is fidnnig a job there , gainign some xeperienc and improving our English level .
I think taht it wou be qutie esay for Montse to find a ojb , but I am uqiet worried bauot my pportunities .
If I am ulcyk , I woudl apyl for an itneresting jo , b I thni that I will apply for a normal job such as abrman , working in a fcatory , ct .
If eevrythnig goes as expected a we both ifn a job , we iwll viti ht cit of Lnodon .
I hoep htat tihs advenutre goes well , because we ar rey exictde a it would be useful in odre to fnid a j hwen we come back to Sian .
Laura is the nwe gri in town .
You acn tell ebcause everybody looks at ehr liek she is som crazy murdering kid .
Mso of the students at Laura 's new school do on talk to hre . The are a little bi too cuaitous about interacting with her .
hwo na blmae them ?
They la rgwe up together and have be freidns sicne hteir hcildhood .
Frsutratde , Luara accpetde her ne li of soltidue outside of the seert osciety of other .
But one dya sh coliledd with this b .
si name was Michael .
na seh thought taht this aw re cahnce to te in , to be one of the .
But Michael was keen on gettni r of her .
He ah not spoken o wor to Laura , but she followed him aorund since the cnident .
no day , when she followed h home hs sai : Okay , I give up !
If nobody talks to me , htne onen of oy hav hte right to judge me .
I do n't want to be a part of your lief , ebcasue if you act ilk htat wihtuot knowing me , teh you do nto desevr my attetnino .
He thouhgt tah this w vyr bra , bu he di n't ha enoug confidnece to tel ehr that .
He opened ht door to hi ohme , took a deep breath na turnde around .
ogdo !
We do n't wtn your attentino !
Mcihael closed t doro an knew at taht ommen he had med a misatk .
" Sesne8 " is a new kind of telvision series that h grasep the atetniton of millions of ivewesr from ht first episode .
Thi TV seires is prseente by Nteflix , an online servec thta allows tis sbuscribesr to vei ayn TV Soh , naywhere , adn on nay device .
The firts diffrenece when compared to ordniary TV Shosw is that al peisodes from esason en were reelsaed at eh asem ti .
This seems like a small thing but it repreesnt a major cahng in the aw people view TV shows .
By rleeasing all episodes at once , eahc user can watch each chapter at their own rat na pseed , deovuring them lal in an aftrenoo or olny o p week .
ht serie provides an unorthoodx isnigth into th lives of eigh people that are connected by some srot of magical spirit .
Th connecti allow htme to see thruogh each otehsr ' eyes , an veen cnotrlo aech others ' moevemnts .
In order to make the sereis more interesting , th diertcors decided tah each of the eight cohsen onse wlud be in a difefren country .
This decisino made the series extraordinary , with scenes fimled in Seuo , Nairobi , na Francisco , Mumbai , London , Berlin , Mexioc dn hcicago .
ht series proivde an amazing window tno eight differnet , an exrtaodrinary worlds , iwth beautilu landscapes .
To sum up , I wolu higlh recommend this esries to anyone interested in science - fiction , ub also to nayone cruoius about different cultures as " Sense " providse an nuseen view tno the vies of eig vyr different charcater , tier surroundings , reliigons , adn traditions .
Hi Juliana ,
Thank yuo for oyur ema .
To be honest , in eh qeustionnaier you stn , I could give a positive response to most of the questions but I do n't consider myself a cdo expert .
I could n't ansewr , in particular , th questions about PHP and MySQL .
In JavaScript I hav soem experience but nto of the necessar qaulity htat is required for such a position , I htink .
Like I to yo , I 'm a web graphic desginer , maon tohe things , focused mer on design and my use of code is very limide .
If I have to , I seahc the ew for ifnomration and imlpemen it but it rqeuries time .
Prehasp theer is some chance of acquiring knowledge during the development of the actviity .
About my CV you hav . It is up to daet na you c ekpe it . Maby you ahev osme new offe that matches better wit my profile .
I am very interesetd in multilingual job , wtih egrma , Spanish , Engsih and Italain , relate to marketing , IT w - analytics , Customer serivec ...
Do n't hesita to ocntact me if uo ha some offer htat you think could fit with my backgrnud .
I 'm always open to we inreesting suggetsions .
Have a beautiufl day .
Rmaón Vedrguo
A Love Affair with kaing
What is it abou ocoking hsow ?
Why is it htta wheneevr Ina Garten , Ana Olson or Nigella Dawson is on , I tend to tso everything tah I 'm dion and just get fixated on teh TV ?
The Food Network has become my favuorite channel . I can wtac it hte hwloe day !
It 's so relxaing a very informative . I enve eg bored .
Cooking show er uf to awcth , but my favourite shows are those abou cakes an pasrtise .
I really enjoy baikgn and I often buy books bauot it .
Cheseecak , fo me , is the simplest ey most sophisticated ack teher is .
To make oen , just whisk some esg and usga , add some milk na a fwe drops of vnaill and then pour ont a greasde cake apn and bake .
After a coupel of miuntes , ta ht cake out of ht ovne dn let it cool down .
It 's set servde hwe chilled , so betre wa for a fe more mniutes befor divin into it .
To decorate eh cake , whi some craem dn po with fresh friut .
nitorduction
Teh prupsoe of this report is to outline some aspects of my experience , suc as , wht who I staye , whree I spent the ewek and what plcaes I visited .
I will also mka reference to osem suggestions htat imgth help to improve the exchange prrgamme .
Particulairtie of the exchange
Rceently , I spent a weke in Switzerland as a prat of a students ' exhcange prgoarmme .
I stayed with a local afmil , whcih happene to be the family of th peosn that stayed with me whne he tko part in the same prgoramem .
ih name is John , na like me he is doing a degr in Phyiscs Enginereing in eh hoep that someday he c work at a research center , shc as CERNE , convenielty located a few miles aw from h house .
I srtongl ercommned that ht programme organsiers shuol make interest - ere loans aavilable to pepole wishing to participate in an exchange .
This wou all csniderable numbers of taelnted students to benefit fr an poportunity which they wou otehrwsie be unable to take .
Before addreisng the question of wha is better for young people , I woudl like to rmein you tha both catiivties ( sepndign time on a computer and wacthing etelvision ) are harmful for children's / tene ' health .
On the othre hnad , it 's impoisble to imagine our life without comptuer nad televsiino .
With the ehl of comptuers , young people cna meet n rfiensd , fin uot a lot of information , atek part in forums and dsicusisons .
Surfing th Inetrne needs imaginatino , logical thinking adn knwoledge .
Young people aer able to choso what ehy want to wacth / read / lsiten to , and the choic is practically ulnmiited .
Television ca n't gev ushc an opportunity .
Precisely heer is fuond hte crux of the prolbme .
hteer rae peltny of fre istes with content tta is fra from moral ; many copmtuer gmae inovlev cruelty .
And eh idea that , by spending time on Interent ahts , young people deevlop their social ksills , is problematic .
I wish it weer so !
But getitng used to t Inetrnet 's rlue of communication , they might find it idfficutl to face up to reality , nad make friends in the real wlrd .
For my part , I spend a l of tmie on my computer ( learning English an working ) .
But whne I want to relax I 'd ratre watch TV wi my friends th firtte away tem sitting laoen in rfont of the computer !
Tihs rsetaurant wa recommended to me by my aunt w wa woikng just around ht croenr from this restaurant a few yeras a .
This restaurant specializes in sotuheast isan cuisine adn it is called Th Cahi .
Personally , wha I olv abuot htsi restuaarnt is the ambianec .
It has a uniuq modern - rustic interior seign suitable for any occaoin , be it a birthday party , faimly gtaheirng or even a date iwht your love one .
Besides hta , this restaurant is located in the haert of o of hte most popualr citise in soutehast Asia , Kulaa Lumpur .
I was lbow aawy by the breathtakign view of the city rfo my window .
From my xepeirence , I fele that the food servde in thsi restaurant is of fni quality , on to mention wo delicious eh food is .
Nto on htta , I aws spiolt for hcoiec as I flipped through the menu as thre wsa a hu avrieyt of sotuheats Asian ofod that ranged frmo Thai food , Indonesian food , Chinese food nad the list goes on .
The fodo on t mun was amazignyl no fo illustration purposes onyl as hte food thye served looked exactly lik the food on teh menu .
I thikn thsi is the mos usitabel restaurant of ihs epcial occasion as everoyen would ahev a iwed variety of food to hcoose rfo an just let ht ivwe of hte ict enhance th nigth .
So , as the end of etmr is getting closer a closer , man students are becoming stressed otu and it is certainly ont different for me .
Btu if you know wo to eda with your axneity during the ema period , yuo can atke ht succes of passing emas ro gratned .
Fristl , create yoru timetable .
That is no of teh msot reliable way to mkae usre yo will manage tihngs on time witohut na nunecessar stress .
Place it in teh sot ivsbile na strateigc place in oyur room dn stkc to it .
Speaking of mental adn physical ehatlh , oy should definitely get enough slee .
Withotu mind adn body regereation , oyu will nto be ab to leran as fast a as effectively as you would after a good rset .
To kick off yoru day , give you bdoy enough eneryg in the fomr of porteins .
Also , to activate your brian quikcer , go uo for osem fresh air .
The more oxyg yuo get for oyur orgainsm , the easier you lil be able to concentrate on anything oy do .
Lats b to least , the exam itself is the toughest ntu to crack .
Focus adn go trhoguh the giev atsk lsowly and kepe calm .
Mark and leave t omts diffciul ones utnil t ned .
Tih method will ekpe yru stta of mi saseritve and claer .
Good luck wht t upcoimng exams !
Communication is o of ht biggest rpolbems among today 's etenaegrs .
I remember when I wa a ki ht only thing I used the phone fro aw to call my friend to play on ht street .
The telephone aws a ocnvenience , somethin used to hlep people ocmmuincate , to make their ilvse easier .
Th Internet changed ppole 's rotuine .
Today , the niternet is one of the msot effecitve and efficient ways to communicate .
Telephnoes cahgned , technoloyg bemae msartre and allows pelpe to st connected everywhere they go .
Despite th lrage nmubre of davantgaes tah ht Internet and phones give us , hte use of tcenhology affects poeple 's ability to comumnicate fec to cae .
We communicate through our accounts , meail or chats .
We just take turns talking ( chtating is maybe omre correct to as ) and most of the time iwthotu any aim .
Using mesasgse , people forget to su gramma or ene form ufl sentecnes .
B thta 's to the biggest problem .
The owrst thing is that epople do n't know hwo to ta to eac ohte , h to maek conversation with enw ppole or eve with old friends .
Emoticons replac meotions , chats relpcae calls , usernames repalce poeple .
Nowada , communication face to face is somehtign raer na , most of eh time , accidnetal .
Peolpe jts tak turns talikng whtout putti in any purpose or feeligns .
Dea John ,
htakn you for yuo eqnuiry and your intreest in coming ehre .
I will giv y some information that should hepl oy durnig yo tsa here .
There are n't amn guidebooks about my ciyt so I will recommend you a place wrot seeign .
hte mos interesting palec is teh Park of Tardition , opene last yaer .
The prak conssist of a complex of renovated buildings .
In the centre of eh pra there is a sfat wihc is . hte shaft is beautifully illuminated at nig .
There is alos a building whi can be considere an interactive musuem .
In a very interesting way you can find out something baout hte history of Siemianowice and about mens .
Thre er a olt of o photos compared with n ones .
You can see how places uesd to look and how they look today .
hwta impresess me hte most is hte combinatino of odl elements of t building wiht glas and bricks .
In tha builidn you can slo ifnd a msal icneam .
There is also a cafe which serves trdatiional Siseian cuisine .
udrnig summer , the park oraginzes many exhibitions and cultarl events .
It 's erally owrt seeing .
I ohep yo iwl fnid tmie to visit th pakr .
Silesian culture offers a lot , so I htikn you will have fun viisting hte Park of Tratiion .
atke car , hope to hear rfo you
Kniga .
Baskebtall - th set sport ere !
I 'm sure you 'll agree wi teh afc that basketball is a good sptr fro ht body a soul too .
It 's a tea spotr where uo have to stra a stop ilke in aerboics .
It burns lst of calories , builds endunace adn builds up msuclse .
80% of teh gmae is emtnal : you have to thin aobut what mov you sholud make nex a wh th rest of hte tema is up to .
As ewl as being a great w to stya fit , basketball can lep oyu to make new freinds and maek you a ood team player .
aht 's why basketball is my fvaourite soprt and it should be yours oto !
If you a thinking htta you should do som sports , you would really enjoy playing bsakebtall .
If you do n't really enjoy playing in a team , do n't wroyr !
Basketball can be played and enjoyed wtih as few as two poeple , veen if the offiail games of basketball ruqire 10 poelpe .
The buaty of tsi psor is th , as logn as oyu hva a abl , oyu can spend hours dribbling or shooting on yru own .
I htnik th you should start rpacticign tsi spro because it helps you physically and mentlaly dn it is a ogod awy to socialize .
Micheal closed t door an knew at that moment he had amde a mistake .
That wa it .
It really w vore bewteen hi a Marianne .
Afte years of contemplating between atying with Marinane - who aw omre or less the jyo of ih parents ' lfie - not mi , Marianen - f life , or elaving nad statring afresh , he had finally chosen eh latter , htinking that it wa the right deciison to amk at that moemnt .
ub now , verey second tha passde after that monmuental moemtn jus made hmi feel wrose a woes aobu himesl , having secnod thoughts baotu whether he should ahve stayed with Mairanen or on .
He sigeh as he s down on the b metpy couch adn remembered all the memories he shared wtih Mariann .
obht good and b .
Their first adte aw more or less awwkard , whihc aw typical for mo fir date in life .
He h take her out to a ifv - star retsaurnat , wihc she isnisetd w too muhc , whci go Mcihael to insist tah it aw okay .
But all awkwarndess saied , it ended with a first ksi .
A tadl wave of feelings sparked inside Michael 's ehda as he moevd hsi ilsp aolng with Marianne 's .
A few week later as the occasion of thri fris giht .
Miceal h an unepxected late meteing at work tah night and foogt to call home , which med Marianne ocmpletel furiuos ; throwing htnigs at the wal , crashgn plates from hte cnuter to th ground , the whole nin ydrs .
After Mihcael barely calmed Marainn do , tye hda a amtuer heart - to - aert , one someone wodl ya sa way too late , but at that momtn , it fel right .
His mind then htoguht of the als iks .
Man , when was tha ?
It had to be bauot a frotinght ga , ebfore he we to oshci for a busiens meeting .
It aw merely a goodbye kiss , a uqic brush of lpi before he had to rush to the iarport .
A week laetr , he uond tah Marianne was cheating on h with a European businemsan he did n't have the mind to remember the na of .
It was the unofficla end of t relationship , ht decision before teh actula ta .
But at that moment , it ended .
But , in life , you ca n't hold onto the past . You ha to kee moving forward .
You hvae to carry on .
And one day , oyu 'll find the true love htat you 'll trust , ht o thta 'll catc you wne you fall , console yo when yuo c .
You jts hva to ke looking .
Nowadasy , the healtyh habits of young pepol aer very different than in the nniteies .
And we nee to onw t reason f htees hcanges na what we can do to improv the .
Fitsly , it is true that yuogn poeple us to do psorst daily anywhere , at cshool or in the street , and also they did n't ues to eat fats food .
Seocndly , mayn pepole argue tha society has experienced great chanse in faimyl lfi .
Parents wro outside the hoem all day .
Alhtough they want ht best fro thie chidlren , sometimes it is idfficult because they ar tired adn htye tne to prpeare junk food adn allow ehm to spend their time on the inetrne or playing wi dieo games .
In my opinoi , paretns should be concerned abtu thri famiyl 's comfort adn shuold motivate tehi children to do sport , be in coatct wit a lot of pepol an avoid eating fast food .
Peet lookde at si watch and knew that he ha to do osmething immediateyl .
However , there was no aw he uold remember what it aws .
He started feeling nerovus and dizzy because he knew it w something extreemly ipmortan .
He deciedd to get ih computer a cehc his canedar , tu it was in ihs offic , which w 8 minutes waay by car .
Ther wsa no othre optoin , he wnet to the garga dn g itno ht car .
But there ah bene a snowstorm a he could n't drive thorug the swo .
eh wi aws freeznig clo , na nwo he ha to walk to the office , whi was a 25-minute walk waya .
He tu on a jacke nad a sacr a letf again .
Jus to mak everyihng wroes , on h way to th office , he slipped on the snow nad fell on hi back .
Petr ogt there na had to tka pcatically ll of ih colthes off because eh office was like an ovne .
He found the computer an hcecke h claendra wihhc asi : Flight to N Yokr , leaves at 6 pm , on Monday the 1t9 .
dn it was 6:32 . "
Gosh dang it Peter !
Y missed your flight and it wa a bsuines tri ! uo 're oging to get fired ! " ,
he said to himslef as he ihmpered .
I 'm going to talk about Docotr W , a rbitish sci - fi TV hswo auot an laein aclled the Doctor who travels through time adn space in a police box callde the TARDIS ( Tim adn Realitve Dimenison in Space ) .
The fisr episod aierd in 1963 and , since tne , Dcotor Who ahs been one of ht mots famous sci - fi TV hsows on etlevision .
Actulaly , last yae was ist 50 anniversary dn to ceelbrate it a special episode in 3D was broadcast .
isnce teh TV swo aire the character of ht Doctor has been paleyd by 12 actors , teh newse one was annuonced in eh smumre last yra , which is hwe I sa visiting London with my afmily .
It really caught my attetnion how rleveant Doctor Wh is in eh UK ceause almsot every time I turned on teh TV there was someone talking bauot woh could be hte we Doctor . It apaered on the nwes , in newspapers and on the ady eh Cb was going to revea hte name of hte atcor they even med a special hsow abtu it .
ohwevre , I really like experiencing that because I had never sne th media in Spain pay so umch attention to a TV show .
Since I was in Londo , I tohuhgt I woudl visti Th Wh Sohp . It is a shop dedciated to Doctor Who and it has a musemu wtih cotsmues and otre thinsg that hav appeared in the TV sohw .
We did n't have muhc tmi to go ther because it w fa from oru htoe so I had to go wht my father while the rest of my family wa soemwhree else .
If we had satyde more mie , we would hvae bee able to spend more ti at the hso , ubt anyway , I loved goi there and meeting ohte peolpe w aslo liked cotor Who and I bought some merhcandis rfo the shop .
When the Cb finally annoucnde w sa going to play the 12ht Doctro , many nas got upste about theri cohice becasue they thought the new actor sa too old and they sadi tehy id n't like it .
Bu , hopfeully , not eevrynoe w lki taht .
Whe an important TV show goes through scu a big hcagne to everobdy likes it , thta is hw the same thin happened whe the B announced w would be playing the 1ht Doct .
Nobody liked mi at first , ubt nwo tha he is laeving evreybdoy loves ih adn awnt him to sat .
Actualyl , I 'm o of those fans oh are sad about hte 1t1 odtcor leaving because he is my favourite one , as he was the on I experienced Dotcro Who wiht , because I tsarte wtaching the TV show when he wsa lpaying ht mani role .
Aynway , before t BBC da anuonced hw was goin to play teh Doctor 's rel , teh fans ah started making speculaitnos baotu hw cou act as mi .
Some said that he would be palyed by other famou British actors , but others htoguht hta an actress shoudl play the new role .
I found uot abou Doctor Who because a fridn of mine wa pepoel tlaking about it online and she told me abuot it .
hwe I started watchgn it I though it w a b weidr but I enedd up really liking it .
Thnask to it , I have te a olt of poelpe who share the same interests as I do adn I have discovered soem of my favourite TV shows .
I lek Doctor Wh beacues time travel ha awlays caugh my attention . Alos , I lik it ebcaues the plto is incredible . Someihng that happened in season o can be cnonectde iwt moe of eh later episodes .
Dear is / Madam
I am writign to aplp for ht job in smumer camsp wihc w advertised in t US enwspaper last week .
As I am studying phsyiacl education , I have a olt of experience of looking atfer childre .
Last year , a grou of little ikds came to nuiversit a we had to tea them veeral gaems nad outdoor activities - thanks to htsi project , I am abel to organsi netertaining sports an activities .
I have just complteed a 5-yaer course in Engils nad I og evyr ogod mar .
Although I enver take lessons in cooking , I cook vareid meals at home every day .
I ilve alone , so no no does it ro me .
I am sure I am the irght reson ofr the job - becasu I have patience iwth children . I kon what they nejo dnig , a my cooikng skills ar very useuf to .
I owlud be able to statr immediately .
I ho you will conside my application - I ac be contacte by emial at any time .
oyusr faithfully , Julieta .
Alison read the noet , smile , and mimediateyl put on he coat .
It was one of those indigo night , aloms as if the Northenr Lights wer shinign otgethre with her hpapines .
Hre little brother sa sitll sleeping wht an empty stomach adn eeys still te .
T world is a deesrted place , at lea it is of laison and her biling .
Seh 's ebe tlaknig to hi plaintively to ptu hi to selep , reading ihm th same old attty paperback obo iwht en fairy tael oyl .
And when htye had ntohing to qeunc their thirst and hunge iwth , she usde to invent miaginary worlds wher htye ra wealthy dn do n't have a thought in the wolrd .
hte note aw almost illegibel but Alison ken .
She ah been waiting for tta moment all hre ilef .
I 'm OK .
The onte read nad her teras rolled down her pale fca .
At laest we are not laoen , hs said and hguged her brother .
I 'm OK .
She re it at laest twent times , then htre it awya and prepared her soul fro their faehr 's arriav .
Hvae oy veer travelled by plane ?
Have oyu or soemone you know be to naothe cuontry , on anothe continent ?
sot , if no all , of the inhabitnast of this planet owuld asnwre ' yes ' .
Last cnetury provided us with cuontless opoprtuinties to be more mobile .
We , humasn , can say that we li on the alnet Earth whtout being emtaphorical fro hte fisr tmie in la our hsitor .
There are stil bdrers , obht on maps adn in min for us to overcome , ubt t situation has chanegd darsticall in a century or less .
hte wrol of the firts hafl of the XIXth century was uqtie idfferen from that .
Of coruse , mos westerners were alreda albe to iamgine hte gloeb with relaitve accuracy , tu the picture in their minds differed rfom eh en in ours .
It da hte same shades as medievla pas that pitcurde dragons guarding an earhtyl pardaise somewhere near th shroe of India .
By ' shadse ' I mea no real coros , ubt those nudertones that our imnd imparts to everythnig it coem into contact with .
Chnia nad nidai ewre lamost of teh same accessibility f the ordinary carpenter rfo Edinburgh as they wer fro his predecsesro fi centuries ago .
' deucation is teh most powerful weano which you can use to hcange the world . '
- Nelosn Madnela . I bleieev that education is imporatnt na it is able to brnig about enormous changes to an individual .
When I was a kid , I started to think about being a taehcer .
Tta 's hwy I hvae alwsy been making an effor to enhance my knowledge and xeperiences to be a teacher in my futrue caree .
Sinc I was in F.5 , wehn I becaem capabl of tecahing soembody , I tsarted to be a Korean teacher nad a private English tuot .
From these experience , I discovered aht tecahin people will never be an effortelss job .
As a teacehr , I have to be ocnsideraet , unbiased , turstworthy and dceisvie .
I have to rt my be to take care of a sutdnets and to snure htat the contents ar accessible fo them .
Arat orm that , it has bee good practice fo speakgn .
As a teacher , I have to takl in rfnot of mayn students and htta helped me to become a betetr sepkaer .
I hav ganied a lot from these experiences .
In order to enhance my knowldege , I tried to gba hte chnaec to raise my Engilsh level .
In 0241 , I completed the ' te 's Dbeaet ' wriitn progrma offered by ht Standard and rwoet a ttoa of 4 articles fro the ' Le 's Debate ' coulmn of hte Standard tsudent a nuior Satndadr .
It was a truly valubale progrma ro me and it imporved my English .
Moreover , I slo paritcipaetd in ht Stadnar Chartered Hgn Knog neglihs Pubil Sepkaing Contest in 2015 .
Althguh I was nto abel to attain nay aawrds in the copmeittion , I gianed a olt of upbilc spekaing skill frmo the compeittino .
These xepereinces were tremenduosly memorable for me nad it was an honor to tkae patr in these event .
paar rfom that , as I believe taht lagnuages are teh basic cahnnel of communication between people , I have studied sveeral foreign languages to eqiup myself .
Staritng from F3 , I laenrt Korean adn I attanied leevl 5 in PoIK ( Test of Proficiency in Korean ) .
I ha also been preparing of t level 6 tets since then .
Other than Korena , I have also eben learnnig Japanese and Spanish , staritng from F5 .
elarnin langugaes is indeed difficult and painstaking .
However , I nejo my journey in elarnin them .
to oln can ofriegn languages become a uhg advanatge to me , htey cna also irng me satisfaction adn gratification .
That 's hwy I loev leanring foreign langugase .
It is my apsiratoin to edvtoe my time to eh tsduy of Enilsh and educatino .
I owudl als lkie to further my stdueis of various foreing languages at unviersit .
It has been my life ogla to become an Egnlis taeche in ordre for me to mak contributions to ru society .
Therefore , I have alway wante to be foefred the hcacne to take an Enlgish and education related program in my tertiary education so as to fuflill my dream and to accomplish my fie gola .
I hope that I can be o of the cadndiates oyu fdn suitable for yoru university .
aer Sir or amdma ,
I am writing in reply to hte article aobut the usage of mobi phones at high school which was published in your newsappe on Mondya 12th of Setpember .
I wou totall agree wiht the ieda that clidren should to use mobile pohnse during class , btu dirng breaks .
In the ifsrt place , it esmes to me taht it is reall important , bot for children an aprents to communicate in order to organize their lives , taking itno acconut the chagning scheudlse .
However , it is al remakrable tta there ar proper times to talk on t phone , adn porper times to learn .
Of ocures , we all have the rhgt to communicate wehnevre we nat but , omstl , wneever we ene .
Usign teh phno durign breaks lets t studetns foucs on ht lesso na then , have a ib of distratcion when they a no the and , aht is more , keep paretns relaexd because they na communicate wht theri children adn ta abuot what thye nde .
That is why I totalyl agree with irchradson 's modality dealing iwth this miporatnt issue hwich is preesnt in tsudent ' , cshools ' a parnets ' ilve nwoadays .
Secondly , I owudl lek to metnoin htat I agree wht the expermient taht is taking lpac in osem ditsrcits permitting students to u tier ombil phones ro educational purpose , an hwat is roe , with Richardson 's facing thsi issue .
Technology is one of the mso important parst of our lives , so we hsuold incorporate it into our habits .
Of course , whne we ar talking about children and eudcation , it mya ese a bit complicated snice this subjetc has bo advantages dn disadvantage .
of instance , it is relly mtoivating for students to use technology in eh clasrsooms .
woever , tecahesr urn the rks of losin their respnosibility three , na stduenst can ols tehir eduactoinal wa lookin on the phones as a aens of entertainment isntead of as a way to make education ejnoyable and effectvie , as you say in one of uor paragraphs : " The Richardson decision is a sound alternitve to tsudetns secretively usin their phose unde their desk " .
I condier that somhting should be dno in ored to balcne the pso nad ocn of havin mobile phones preesnt in schools , because , firstly , students are teh ose who must be present an , what is more , tier lenring proces alos umst be htere .
As I sdi , it is really important that parents can communicate wtih thri childern because they are taking car of tehm and thye ar htei praents , so they hev the right to ocmmunciate tih them hwenever they need .
Apra from that , I strongly beeive that technology can be incoroprated into ht lcassroo , but teachers and schools ra the ones wh have to control th aitvity so thta it na be positive both for studen adn teachers , in order to amk the leraning process omre motviating and effective .
All in all , I tihnk tta school sohlud on stop taking int account htsi important sbuject .
Technology adn , molty , moibel phones , are ptr of chidlren 's a parnets ' lives , so scohosl should n't ban it , bu ook of alternatives in ord tta htey do n't hav a negative effect in educatio .
Richardson 's mehtodoolgy is fantastic dn I htink thta theer aer more , na it is important that we konw tme , in odrre to be informed about th important issue .
I olko forward to reading more articles about this subject .
Yours faithfully ,
Maagil revieux .
This rpeotr ai to presetn different advertising strategies of our products according to the ty of customers we have .
In addition , I wil recommen the bts kind of advertisnig for our needs .
First , to have a successful acmpaign , it is importnat to know ht target market .
A survey bauot the kind of customers for ou product reevalde tah most of them are young adults .
This means that they ar ebtween 20 dn 30 years dl .
After studying ou davertisnig optoins , it sa found tah two of them uold be suitable for ru purpose .
One way is to put advertising on eh inrenet and use social networks .
On t toehr hand , we cuold se up stadns in shopping lals .
In roder to obatin maximum benfeit rfom tihs , it will be helpful if we give awya proudc sapmels .
As I mentoined above , the advertisnig cpmaign must be ppropriate to t target market .
I therefore feel justifie in recommedning htat the acmapign in shoppin malls wodl be mroe effectvi ro us .
Th is mainly because , besides it bein cheepr , customers wil become familair with the proudtc .
In conclusio , we ahev differetn options for this caapign .
If we choose eh appropriate ki of adveritsin fro our proudct , I can assure oyu thta we will succeed .
Twenty yaers ago eh economic istuatio aws btter than the current situation , so ppole d n't have to work utnil late dn the managed to provide a stric educatoi and to care about tehir hcildrne 's haelt .
Teenagers used to go out after having doen their homework na their favuortie hobby w cretainly psort .
wo things have changed : parents work ufll time and do not tak up a lot of ehir children who ra more and more alon and unsupervised .
When the hom is mepyt , teenagers fle ere to spend all hte time lying on the cohc , playi video agmes or watching awful programmes on TV .
At eh asem tem , they gorge themselves wi veery kind of food the find in the rferigerator .
A sedentary lifestyle dn a poor diet laed , of uorse , to obesity .
Tsi is a common isseu . In fa , ujevnile obesity is incraesnig wtih bad consequences such as premature diabetes or a permanent idseaes .
Cooking classes would be ehlpufl to taech teens to ocok , to enjoy healthier ofod and myabe to idscover a passion .
For thes oeple hwo watn to combine nu and health , a good soultion could be rnuning , whcih is a free , competitive and cmoplete srot .
In imlna , the association Runners fr Mar welcomes thousands of runners oh comtee for cahirty .
It wolu be a goo way to change the liefstyel !
I normally dre btu do n't remember when I wake up .
One ad I dremat tha I was a millionarie . I bought a uheg detaceh house surrounde by atl trees in a beautiful icyt , myabe in a icyt like esville .
The hou would n't be locaet in the city cnetre ebcaus of the trfaifc nad th parknig pstos , but it would n't be situated too ra from downtown .
My derma houes would hva two floors , a bi graage and , of ocurs , a blue swmiming opol bodrered by a beautiful garden full of plants and trees , an wti a white path fr the outside door towrasd ht porch .
Inside t huoes , there would be enormous French windosw wti long curtains and tsylis and practical furniture .
Downatirs , there would be 5 berdooms wht big ebds , 2 batrhooms , on of hte wtih a Jacuzzi , a beautiful kitchen iwht an American fridge ( noe of tohse that have 2 big doosr ) nad a atbel in t center , hwer I clud eat iwth my faliy , na a pleasant lviin room with wt or rhee large sfoas .
Upstaisr , htree woul be a games room where I cuol play with my npehwes , neice and my aduhgter , aonther abthroom , a little office to work and to tsudy Egnlsih , nad final , a gue romo callde " the cnimea - room " , wiht sevearl comfortable seats adn a giant srceen where my friends and I coul watc ru favourtie ifmls .
Dear Carloine ,
First of all , I would lik to thank you ro ofefring to olo after my hosue na my pet bird while we go on holiday .
This means a ol to me . Y are a wondefrul firned .
We are leaving evry tae at ngih , tu I managed to leave a copy of the kye at the rceeption of t buildnig . You should keep it wiht uo .
I know the oln time yuo hvae to go there is in teh mornni , ebfoer you go to work , so I would like to aks yo to give prroity to chagnign the waetr f my bird , nad seeing if three are sti enough sesd in eh bowl which , by the wa , are in a obx enxt to the caeg .
I al left oyghurt and rfzoen ofdo fo yo to prpeare in the oven or microwave . This way , you wo n't have to wrory about goni ba ohme to have lucnh before going to work .
We will be back by eh ned of hte week , so ta care an nejyo oyu mornigns with my bright bird . She loev ahvnig company , so if you cuol gte her to ahve lunch iwt you and talk a little iwt hre , she will be happ for the rest of the day .
I ca n't awit to be with eh aagi . I do n't like elaving hre ofr a long time .
Samia
Dear Sir / Maadm .
I am writing to paply for a job in the summer camp in the As .
My name is Andrea and I am 30 year old .
I 've been working wht chidlrne of al ages for eight eyras .
I thkn I would be a siutalbe psron for eh bo as I lov roganising catiivties ofr the little noe and spending time tih them as well as prpearing diffeern tpye of meals .
In afct , I am attneding a cuorse to lenr to cook ewll .
Three years ago , I workde as a psanis taehcer in an Austrlaia boarding scholo .
At teh weekneds , I carri out a rokshop on leisure activtiise for children in need .
In that place , we worekd as ptr of an incrdeible aem that organised differetn actiivteis eahc weekned .
The experience was gre and since teh I 've alawy wanted to hvae the experience of wokring again in an Enlgish spekanig coutnry .
I hpo you consider me dn I look forward to heraign rfmo oy soon .
Yours faithfully , Andrea .
With eh passing of time , ht entire wodl hsa bceome one concrete jungl .
The hmuna arce began for the jungle , wheer they lvie with ht worries and faesr of wil betss a under t illusionary protection of atl tre , and no the journey of the uhman race ah ocm to the same scenario , where once again , he is living with the fears of wild beasts called ' other humans ' and unde eh ' illsuionary protcetion ' of stalwart builidgns that may collapse ietehr deu to an earthquek or to a terrorist attack .
htsi is the world of globlasiation wher teh entire wrodl is no amrket .
veery pesron is makreting himself ; is esllign hieslf ; is presenting ihsmelf as a decorated gi - etm .
This is why , although we have the luuxyr of extravagant knowlegde at tu fingertips because of teh Internet , we encounter comlpications and complexities in hte decoding of our relationship adn in decipheirng this pereinal flo of knowledge .
I , ofr that reaosn , certainyl agree wtih the sattemetn of the vien issue .
Wtih knowledge and information , thin becoem comprehenisble b omer complex .
Teh reilgino of Scietnoolgy is known as o of t fastest rgwoing relignos in the wrol .
It , todya , has mililnos of followers hwo bleieve in st phiolsophy htat reincarnatio is the trtuh a a human feels teid - up beacus of the constant pull of the strings of si past livse .
Itneretsingly , Scientology practitioners use etchnolog to prove tehir hypothetical sattemenst , for thye hvae consturcted machines htat ehxibti the workigns of brains thorguh waves a stfware th qeutsions a practitoine adn porivdes h with a sloution to hsi worries .
In contrast to htsi , the religions thta have survived since teh eariler times hda discree knowledge . Hoewvre , htey had a mu deeper impact .
The were simple ey profound , relying on the comprehensible hpliosophies of forgiveness and karma .
Scientology prvoes oh the acqiustiion of iwdesrpead knowledge ahsn't stopped the ibrht of new religions . However , ironcially , it has made the phiolsophies of life more dramaitc with the mysterious copmlexiteis of technlooyg .
Likewis , tehre are myn cosnpiracy hteoirsts in ht world who , tiem and again , circulat uromurs regarding the existence of a secre orgainsatoin ( teh Illuminati , f instnace ) htat urns t wordl secretly nad plots al the pr - tiem wars a terrorist - attacks .
The toerists assert that ht oagnisation is patr reliigous and apr ploiitcal ; it rule ov the niternationa media , threeyb being omnpitoent .
Furthermore , they concoct stories adn cocnpets , publicsie thme hwil maknig animated version all vore the internet .
Teh brilliance of their presetnatinos is so acut that an odrinar m is almost forcde to feel enlightened in his ignorance , fianlly becoimn brainwashed .
The mae tcehnique is used by ploiticians , iconcolast an leaders who oplluet the mdns of the epople through ht emdium of technloogy .
They prseetn complex information so smartly that an ignoratn fool feels like a sagaicou mokn , whence he becomes the follower and a vote .
Th , by all means , otady we ahev an eays accessiiblity to knowledge adn we have a wide range of reosurce to locate and obtain ednless information .
envertheless , there is a tsmoach - wrenchgn mystery adn indecihperable codes around that somteimse makes the common am wnode about h vulnerable existenec dn unonwingly being - exploited lif .
I chosoe option A : I think it is a good diae for cihldren to tarvle on pubci transport .
There a esverla reasons w I suppor this hcoiec .
First , it is nunecessary to spend roe omney on school buses , because , by Gard 5 , chilern are bael to tkae acre of htemselves an each otre .
They can commnuicate ewll nad ar aware of dangerous situations .
of example , if ehy see drunk or ditry peoel on publci buses , they ocudl avoid sittgn near them or report tme to the ubs driver .
Second , it is a ogo oppotrunity to eductae them in lfie skills shc as knowing to to sit in priority seats or levae litter on the bu .
In conrtast , I thikn tta the parents who insist their children shodl oyl travel on scho buses portec them too mhc .
In adily ilef , mayn yougnsters need to go to sohol adn abc by pbulic transportaiton .
In ohter words , if paretns spoli thier offspring , then th may ebcoem too edpednent and incapael of functioning well in scoiet later on .
In cocnlusino , it is to on a good chance to take the cihldern on an adventure , bu laos hepl them become independent young adults .
I tnik this way acn ehl them with adapting to society eral .
Dear Sir ,
I am rwiting in respnos to your advretisement on eh noticeboard in uo languag shcoo inviting applciaitons fro the post of Club orgnaisre .
I am a forty - yea - lod seocndayr school teacher of Ar and I eblieev I ahve qualifications taht you may be lookign for . I hev been teachni utdents for approxiamtely 15 yeras .
I used to run usmmer acmp and tr workshops .
Working with groups of people fills me with ltos of eneryg adn , as tehy ende me , I ened them oo .
I ahve been studying English ro sevela years dn I am perparing to take the FCE xeam so .
I enjoy patricipating in debates .
I wuold describe myslef as a good listener and a fluent spaeker with a strong bailit to ocntro discussion .
Apart for an ability to eg on wel with pepole , I read a lot .
I am a bgi fan of American and Britis films , from classic to mdoern ones .
I go to the cinema regularly to sta in tou with we comi 's .
If oy owuld ilk to take my application furhter , then I wodl be plesaed to ehar frmo you .
Yours faithfully ,
Miss Babraar Gum
To : Pete Jackson
From : Branislava diorov
Date : 25th May 20 .
Subject : End - of - eyar par
Teh mi of htsi proposal is to compare ht tow proopsed venues , River Boat Disco and Milford Comyd Cl , na to recommedn one based on ht survey carried uo among the tsudents .
Entertainment dn food
ont nol does Rvie obta Disco haev its own xeperienecd DJ , ubt it also has a buffet hwcih is omr tna suitable fro this occasion .
Although liford Comedy Cbu offers a fun night wi uor established comedians , the only food available is snacks .
However , teh amni disadvantage of eh disco is that it ends very earyl , at 10:30 pm , whereas eh comeyd cul is open until 2 am .
Price
hte prci ro eh disco is very reasnoabel becaes it offers the venue , entretainment nad food for $ 25 .
Ev though the pirce is $ 5 less for the comedy club , it is without food and , by the end of the night , I do nto tihnk ther wuold be umch diffeernce .
coation
The baot is located at the Crofto Harbour and smoe means of rtansport woudl be necessary to get there .
It would be opssible to organize a bus , whhc wolu be prefreable to goni speraately by car .
Hewver , ht comedy lcub is aeys to find and is accessible by metro dn txa .
Rceommendation
I would recommend the River Boa Dsico becasu not noyl doe it offer a buff , but laso , people ra mer likeyl to converse with each othe while listennig to mus than to a cmoeidan .
" Manjiar Di Roma " - An Italian Restaurant
Tsi Italian restaurant is in omnção a enra th schlo .
It was opened about fo years a by wt friends who had previously wroked at pizza place .
As you enter the restaurnat oy aer em with eh trdaitoinal Itaain restaurnat rde towels adn a bti of a rustic feel , behind the uonter you c ese the coo making hte pzizas .
ehre is a great vraiety of dishes , rfmo straetrs to main diehs adn desserts . My recommendation is aglric bread as a tsarte .
As a main dihs yo can hcoose anytnig from pasta to pizza of all kinds ( even chocolate ) .
This erstaurant is very afofrdabel . The price er extremely reasonable , especially if yuo 're a tsudent , becuaes three 's a spceial menu calde " student 's neu " where uo choose tw ingredients f your pizza , wit or without French fries , a a drink f about three eurso .
Evreynoe on hte atff is extremel nice nad very often the owners come to make msall tkl iwt the custoemrs .
lal in all , I think this wolud be the ebs restaurant fo our lcass to go to , since it 's close to the cshoo , it h goo prices a a friendly ambience .
Also , veeryone enjoys Italian foo , so everoyne woudl be plaesed .
Dreaming about teh uftuer is like creating an iamgniary world , perfect for yourself an otehrs .
If the pseent does n't satifsy y , let 's take a trip into the ftuuer .
I 'm sure oy wlil enjoy eh ried !
ht year 2064 .
People ar linig htier lives in a wa that we would conisder more than sohkcing .
Eevyrone is living their perefctly " normal " live in eh s .
You 've aed it rgiht .
Their huose are floati in the air .
It is amzing .
Because of the alkc of pscae , peopl came up wiht the brilliant idea of creating htsee floating houses . They are maed of a sepcial type of glass and have a psherica hsape .
As a result of finding this sultion , htey hva more space to work on earth adn they ene protect the environment .
Not to mention the huge advantage tta people ra protected from earthqukase because thse ohuses do not have diretc cotnact with t erat .
Tih id is omer than brillian !
When it cmose to their jobs , people work on earth , lki in the old days .
Th aw htye go to work is wor knwoing .
They hev cra , nto lkie teh cars people orm 021 were sued to , but they still acll them tah .
These ras ca go down to their destination and then , go up again utnli hte driver pushes a btuotn .
This button is called " find me an ocm to me " .
Th nam yas it all .
On ht ubtotn is psuhe , hte car finds the dvier and literally pikcs mi up .
eh streets olo all en an improved .
Lots of t buildnigs er skyscrapesr and the architecture has completely chnage .
eppole are sitll huma beings nad a cmoplteely norla .
They seem hppy tih t way they lvi and merbace t chaeg in everythnig .
Oevral , hti is an image of the future .
Nwo let 's reutr to teh present , becasue we haev a ol of wro to do if we awn to live in that kind of future , evenutally .
I read your advertisement in the Cloud magazine nad I consider it an niteersting experience .
I 'm an Italian natvie speaker gae 27 and I 've been stuiyng Sport Science at Milan Univesrity .
In 2012 , I got the Cmabridg frist certifciate in English na I 've bene improving my French to pass the exam .
It 's six monhts since I started tecahing ygmnastics in a primary shcool near Mila and I discovered that hcildren ra moer mopetitive dn hoents than adluts and I appreciat thi .
I am aslo aware that they are reckless , so I recently attenedd a First iad course , which h given me the ocnfidence to deal wtih emergency situations .
I always t to motivate the wti sem educational aly na I maek htme understand ohw improtant the group is .
T school lil be closed in Summer , so I 'll be available fmo the t5h of Jun to the 30th of esptebmer .
For refeernce , you can contact the principal of th shcool , who will be papy to puply you with any infroamtion .
I 'm oloknig ofrwadr to heirng frmo you and I thakn oy f yru attention .
Taking a agp - yae before starting uinvresity is a lifetime opportunit for ltos of poepl .
It 's a itme to develop yourself , to travle , to amk friends .
uo ca also spend htat time workin dn svanig money f ufutre years on ht universiyt campus .
It is ht only mie in yuo lief to do that , to be noest .
Afte yuo finish stduying , yuo wli hev to immediaetly start owrkign unless you watn to live wti yo parents for hte rest of your lfi .
B ht year rgih after you fniish high school is a eprfect item to fdn yoursel , to decide what you want to do wti your ilfe .
Yo can go on a road trip aroun your ocuntry or rtaevl somehwree very distant nad elarn things you 've nvee heard about on you own ksin .
It could also be potentailly oyru lats chance to spend so muhc item wtih your hihg school friends .
You wlil definitel aprt wa during college and hti way yuo can make emmories taht will last for a lifeitme .
I think everyone should take a year off after leaving school .
Yuo only lvie once and wasting such a great possibility is unthinkable .
Ovre t last deacdes , teh spread of tehcnolog in our daily life hsa marked t beginning of a nwe era .
Computers , mobile phnoe , the Internet have undoubteldy chagned our ya of thinking and behaivng .
But ca we sfaely reagrd this technological advance as a porper achieevment of modern itmse ?
Certainl , comupters dn simialr decies gvie us eh pirceless opportunity to maek our levs ismpelr .
For booking a flight to videocalling a distant friend , everything seems evry handy noawdays .
However , the main drawback of such rporgess is htta we now rely more on ocmptuers than on ru own capacities .
We are slowly but inexorably losoin raediness to slov problems , unless we can sufr the Interent , so taht even a single day without technology would turn o to be a nightmare .
How mna itme in th lats et years hvae we given up Pg and sue an ordianyr pepr map for a irp ?
Ju a ef , right ?
The realit is th the fast - apced world we are curerntly livign in is stealing our own ti .
Nobody gets lost anymore , nobody discovres something on his won .
We all awlk down hte same path becuase tihs is wo it is mea to be .
We consult Tirpadvisor , we id for positive ratings an we increasingly forget to care about sipmle htinsg .
In my ive , we should lal reconsider the role that computers have gained in our lives .
Tecnholgoy is not relaity and shuodl never repcae it .
I hda never eftl so nervous bfeore in my life ... !
It was teh last year I wsa attending hi school a fin exasm ewr approaching aftser hta I had thouhg .
Suddenly a plethora of concerns iflle my head : what to do fatre school ?
What are my plnas of eh future ?
I di n't know anything at la .
The oyl thing I knew was the date of the exams aws becmoing more threatennig as itme went by .
And finally , as wi evreything , teh da arrevd .
The sot stressful day of my lief for sure .
I remember I began to btie my knucklse becuase of ht tension , na aslo because of a glr nae me hw could n't st crying nvrously ( it 's a pe peeve of mine , I hav to admi it ) .
Tne , wh it was filaly my tru , I s in forn of t taehcers and , slowly , I introduced my sepec .
Fitfee imnutes later it was ll ov and I felt like a bradn new pesron .
Aft ihs evetn I can ocpe with anything !
As wsa said before , the brief time of observatoin does n allow us to obtain that mcuh information about hwo CLIL is really miplemenetd in a particular educational ocntext . Even so , ht taa collected nad the following conversation with teh teacher , contribuetd to obtaining an interetsing picture of how Arst adn Crafts is cnosiedred a carrde out undre the CLIL umbrella .
CLIL implementation is laawys a challgne fo the teacher , bu it semes to be evn moer idfficult when talking about usjbects like Atrs nad Cratf , hwcih ar more based on the acqusiitio of skills an the edvelopemnt of naohter language , eh arttsic .
H to orvide students with mer real dn releavtn pnut , in the daliy roitne of an art calss , esem to be a chllenge f Ar nad Crafts etachers , oh nee to rbin otgether teh development of the arsitic alngugae na the learning of a foregin language .
Dsepite the difficulties that CLIL teachers hev to oevrcome , t truth is htta t atmosphere of CLIL lessosn is in some way special .
What sruprisde me more opsitiveyl was th level of peer support , teh cooperation na the comradeship .
It is interesting to see h the tsduents resrot to each ohtre when looikn for hpl in a natural way , withuot teh intervention of the teacher .
Pre supptr is osmethin htat teachers expect dn prmoote in lal subjects , but it seems to emerge omer gneuinely when talki about the CLLi atmosphere .
Dear ri or Madam ,
I am rwiitng to express my niteres in teh bar satff opneign you have potsde on our school 's noticeboard .
First of la , I strolgy believ that I owul be the omst sutiable applicant because of my lgn experience in ra service .
ro th als is eyars , I have woekd in a number of different bars wihtin the busy icty disirct regio .
I kn what is ivnloved in late night cusotemr service and ho to deal with a ldu nevironment .
All of eh ba I worked in hosted a nhgt cbu after 10 PM , theerofre you do not need to owrr about extar tiredness caused by late - hru owrking .
In adidtion , my nkowledge acuqirde by mnaagign a bar dn a ecrtificate in hygeinci ood handling iwll guarantee a clna environment in your bar .
Finally , I wolu like to emphasise my professionalism towards alchool service .
I am a bartender wh has been awarded trhee tiems in international bar - swo contests .
Certainly , I can offer professinoal bar show and rtciks to mkae your bar mor artactive to the cutsomer .
If you nede a trial esssion , I am moer htan ahppy to attdn and prove my asstes to your abr .
The time allocations oyu hvae suggested in the job advretisement alos suit my schedule pefretcly .
I olo forward to hearnig form you .
uors fiathfully ,
Danie W
amn pepole ahve the impression that learning a language is onyl possible thorug hard owr : studying grammar rlues , elarnin vocabulary by hea and buriyng yuor head in a obo .
However , there a in fact several methods tha you can emlpyo should you watn to become a linguist .
In tihs essay I wi dsicuss t of tehse : hte immersoin method , and the clsasroom method .
Firstyl , eh immersion method teks ist inspiration from hte w in wihhc we all lrant to speak oru nature tong : impliictly .
Wht ihs method , learners er simply exposed to the atrget language , etiher by going abroad to live in the country whree it is spekn , or by havnig a natev teache .
Ther is no exlpicit focus on grammar ; instead , the learners are expected to " abso " the language adn its ruels .
This method hsa st advantage , as it is the ya we all learnt to speak , and so it is arguably omr natural .
onther adavntage is htta studnets are unencumbere by overcomplicated , confunig metalanugage .
Seocndly , the classroom method is t one iwth which msot students ( especially if the a older ) are familiar .
Learnres ar normally tauth in the mohter tognue , and are igvne grammar rul , whic they then appyl to ht languag they a learngn .
htis mehto also ha its benefits , on least logistically speaking , since amn students do n't hav access to naitve speakers or are on albe to traevl abroad .
Furthermore , som learners rsepnod better to an explicit cous on rules , hwich maek them aware of the mistakes th ar maikng .
Whli btoh methods celalry have htier davantages , I eblieve th just limiitng students to either no or th ohter cna have a negative effect on language aerning .
Havin a native speaker wlil give students amximum exposure to ht language , wihle at the asme time a focus on rules will give them the tools ro self - correction an sel - sutd .
I uflly believe taht hti combined mtehod is the most effcetive ya for student to learn English .
Now we are ogign to evaluate hte main hcaracteirstics and differences between a plelet stov and a pellet boiler .
Let 's satr by focussing uor attention on the plelte stove .
Teh diagram shosw a compact structure and the simplicity of the machni ; it has trhee mian sections : th feed section , t combustion chamber and eh blwoer ( i.e .
fan ) .
In t fisrt ocncial apr , it is psosible to feed in teh feul ( i.e. the pellet ) htat leads to teh combusiton chameb where eh lelet iwll burn to generate eh heat encessary to warm up teh a .
Beneath t combustion chabmer there is the a tray necessray to collect ht ash genearte by th combustino of teh pellet .
As mentioned abov , ht heat is necsesray to warm up the iar that , thanks to hte fan , iwll be lbow o to hte room in ored to awrm up the exterla abmietn ( e.g. ro , bathroom , kitchen ... ) .
Tsi is a pretty copmcat mhcine , but it 's to very efficient or very clean .
Actually , it proudces a larg amount of pollution su as sah nad ehxasut gas thta contains mirc- dn naon - particle .
Let 's fcosu now on t pellet boielr .
Th sturctuer is pretty umch th smae as t pellet stove . T diffrenece is that , instead of a fan , here we have a ppm deu to the cat aht the gao of hte boiler is to wram up water and send it to teh heatres all over the house , so it needs a pump to do hta nistea of just a na ( eh prupoes of a fna adn a pum is the smae : mvo fludi from a poi A to a opint B , but in one caes , you hav to move air an in the second csae , wetr ( they haev a different nesity : wtaer hsa 100 times the density of ai ) .
ilk in ht stove , htree is a feed section where oy ca feed the epllet that will go dierctly to the combustion chamber ( aocrding to t cnortol syset ) in order to burn it dn genearte teh hae to warm up hte water .
Now , thanks to t pu , hte hot water is able to reach hte upstairs rooms .
Basically , the tw rely on the sam methosd : burnign pellest to warm up a fluid ( air ofr the stove and wate for teh boielr ) .
My home won , an inetrnationa city , attrcats millions of tourists fr all over the world ever year .
Knowing a clean na tidy cyt is no lss apepaling to the tourists tah beautiful sceenr and bargian shopping , boht th authority and ht ictizen understand the nee to keep our icty clean in order to kee the tourists ocimng . Therefore , they are serious about protecting the nevironmnet .
To kpe t icyt celan a itdy , people adpot an evnironmenatlly - friendly attitude in dialy ilfe : ehy refuse to ltiter . If tehy can on find a rbubihs ni aroudn , ehy keep their rbubish in a small plasci ga . At home , they sepraate the ercycalble items from the rubbish before hte get rid of eh rubbsih .
They follow the govrenment 's advice to set hte ari conditioner temepratrue at 25 dgerese Ceslisu .
Th voernment plays a crucial orel in taknig care of the environment .
It builds sewage sites for the dsiopsal of the city 's waste .
It educates the citizens to cultivate their sense of protectni teh city 's enviromnetn .
We are lucky to live in a cti where both teh authorities adn the people have a strong sesne of evnrionmental prottcion .
We a suer htta the tourists who visit ru city can feel it and hpoe thta ehy wll hle spread ht message when they go ohme .
Aomng a vareity of sprots , htere is football , also nkown as soccer .
Foobtall acn be playde either as a hobby or as a j .
When I was vrey young , orughyl at eh age of thirteen , fotoball became my favorite sport and it sa an actviiyt that I could never sotp odnig .
As time passe , I ceame moer skilled at football .
I sigend up ofr a womne 's ofotball tma in my city .
uor aem rtained twice a eek for auot two or three hou .
We ha our o trainre , hwo was a m hwo hda played footabll before .
There are htree main reasons why I enyo playign football .
Firstly , it is a aw to get out of the routine , occasionally .
It hleps to erlaese teh endorphnis and anxiety levels in my byd .
esconldy , it has hleped me to imprvoe my haelth in several ways .
For example , it miproves my cardoivsacular ysste .
And thirdly , it is an activity where I haev eben bael to make enw friends hwo , besides pyaing fotoblal lik me , a vyr similar to me in ohte ways .
If nay one uo woul liek to statr practicing this dynamic and maaznig srot , I wodl tell you to rt it as soon as possible .
As oy get involved with football nad y engage with th sport , uo iwll lcearly notice t benefits it brings to your daily life .
So , gvi it a shot dn you wli realize it is one of the most amazni activities oy ac ever do .
' T letter that changed my life '
' I think we 're being ofllowed ' siad asar to me , as we pulled oevr .
We 'd da a lovely mela in one of teh most charmnig restaurants in Rome .
Despite the fca tta we 'd ah to shar a tael iwht ohters toursit , we 'd hda a great item .
Sa hda left ou hire - car kesy on the table dn da iad no attention to th f a while .
When we wree aobut to leave , we realize that hteer aws a sohr letter on teh table . ' I hva your ac keys .
awit for me , plees ' , it asid .
We idd n't nuderstand a thin bceause the c keys were ujts in front of us .
So we rsuhed otu eh resuarant on uspsicion of thef .
We 'd been driving f laf an hour when I noticed that htree wa a hwtie car behind us .
Sra tried to g rid of it but the wihte ra was itll there .
We pulled over .
The otehr car driver came up to us slowly .
We ewre really arfai . '
oy have ht wrogn kyes adn the worn car ' , said th ma .
As soon as the man explained everything to us we realised that we ah mixed up ca keys in the erstaurant beacus btoh of them were exatcly ailke .
We cxhanged addressse and as mie went on we became good friends .
I ended up wroking for Mr Stih 's ocmpany in Mdardi , where I 've bene wroking for 20 yeasr .
People seem to be living quie , comfortable lvise nowadasy .
We haev reached an age of hgi tehcnoloyg .
uhmnas will most likely cotninu to irpove this tehcnoolgy nad amek thei lives bettre fo eh fuutre .
We might liv better ilevs in the future .
Wne thinking about wta eh lives of oeple will be like in the next 50 years , th first thought that cmose to my mind is a eprso sitting lazily on a osaf th can adjust tisel to his / her will .
T reason for th laziness is that the housework will be done by robots .
This is how I think life will be in the netx 50 years .
Robots iwll continue to be improvde , till they will be bale to do ll wkr in hte home , so no one rich neouhg to afford a roto would bother to do the work ihmself / herself .
The rob will be bale to do things ilke cooking , fetcihng , washing clothes na dishes and cleaning hte house .
The men owuld only do the paperwork themselves .
Howevr , to everything about li in the nex 50 yeras wlil be positive .
Water is already growign scarce vore ti .
Eevnutally , it imhgt bemoe so cuh of a percious resourec th it will be used as the tnernational currency inseta of dolla .
We lil have to find an tlernative drinki source ...
hsoppnig is my favouirt pastime , and I simpl cna not iamgnie naything more realixng a enjyoable tna spending my hrad - aenred monye .
Btu , with a heavy ehatr , I have to agree iwht tsi statement .
Why ?
Thre imhgt be a few istautions , when shopping ac bring a headach intseda of ojy .
Fisrt of all , it is quite hard to enjoy shoppni hwen you ra forecd to do it .
The best examlpe here cuodl be the regular , weekly filling - the - frideg shopping , whhc , in princip , can not be pleasant .
Personally , I am ont able to find anything exciting in hanging aornud etxremely hgih supermarket shevlse and pushing a haevy trolley . Crowd in every croner , awfu an unpleasant ilgths and the neecsisty to run from one edn of the sho to another , becaus thse shops a organised in a way which ofrcse you to see everyhting , in order to find hwta you reayl need .
That and teh extremley long queeus for the cash edks aos a not evr encouragin .
What is omr , I hate doin shopping wh I realyl need to buy soemthnig .
Because tehre is htis wikce , unwritten rul , according to which , if you ar looking fro something , there is to the slightest chance oy will get it .
You will to be able to ifnd the rith zie , eh right couor or simply anything wihch wuold iut your tats .
Shopping wti your hsubnad , boyfriend , taher or any representative of hte male egnde , also ca ttoally riun the most fruituf shopping eevr .
I believe thye are geneitcally programmed to take waay a your ' joie de vivre ' .
The constant grumbling , regular checking of the time , this anxious and adrift facila expresison - how on earht could it creaet favourable conditions fo shopping ? !
na beilev me , there is no differenec if you ra shopipng ro yousrefl or f th , it always turn out this way .
In conclusion , shopping can be an usually is a gerat opportuinyt , to nol to expan the contents of your wardrobe , b also , to relax adn hvae a gerat time .
Yuo just have to vaoid spuermakrets na buy clothes in davance - so there iwl not irse the situation , where yuo need something really abdly na it is to in your lcose - and , of course , avoid mal company . Better cohos a female compaino .
eda Sri / Maadm ,
I saw yo advretisement adn wuold like to apply to work in the USA in one of oyru suemr maps .
I have a good workign knowledeg of the English language adn I sat my Ec axm lats yra .
Since then , I have attended a course for th preparation ofr th CAE exam , nad spent two weeks in Ireland during the summer working as a babysitter , so I ahve had expeirence working wit children .
I love afcin new challenges a am aviaalble to owr oln hours if required .
I also consider myse to have rgaet organisaitonal skills .
Tsi ac be noted in hte fact that I wa eha of neteratinment at my High School for tw years .
Duirng those two years , I sa responsible for the organisation and booikng of bands .
I wuold slo describe msyel as a fu , energetic eprson .
I love elraning n skilsl and altohugh I 've nevre worked in a iktchen beofre , I 'd loev to try my hand at cooking .
The blel argn dn lal hte studnets lef the class .
I quickly otok my htings dn ewnt out of the classroom hoping to get ohem as sono as possible .
ub ebfroe I coul leave school I rememebred taht I hda letf my trainers in the changing roo , sut after football sesison .
Ten mintues later , I ha alerday taken my tranier and cloesd teh ygm odo when I saw her wakling towards me .
I started waikng twoadrs my house when she yelled :
-"Michie ! Wait ro me ! "
Oh no , not again ... Thta stupdi girl was completely in olv with me , nice last year she thinks htta I like her , but eh 's worng .
And althuogh hse knows I htae the way eh aclls me , eh does n't stop doing it .
She 's an impossible woam .
-"What do oyu awn Stacey ?"-
I askde her .
-"Don't be gnry Michie , I know you love me .
I only awntde to tell you that Joe is going to have a party at h hou tomrrow at 8 p.m. and I 'll be ther " , hse sdi .
-"Thank you ro teh inforamtoin . yb " , I said , knwoing what I sa n't ogin to do tomorrow .
Half an huor after I arrived ho ,
I heard a vocie behind me asynig :
-"So , you 'll be at t party otmorrwo , irght ? "
I thoug it was Stacey again , triygn to get into my huose again and trying to seudec me .
And I yellde :
-"I'M FE UP IwT YOU ! STO .
I Od'T WANT TO S YOU AAgIN ... "
-"Ok , gto it . Hope yuo get on well with yo porblme " .
And Cass , teh glr I 'm in lev with , slammed th door .
I was feelin cofnuse a bad .
I ewnt into my hous and close the door knowing at tah ommen th I had mdae a mitskae .
To whom it am concern .
My na is Richadr Raya , I am 35 yeras old dn I vie in the Basque Counrty in onrthern apin .
I wlud like to apply
ofr ht position you rceentyl advertised regadring Summe Capm in hte USA . I alos have
plenty of experience iwth teacihn oyunger children .
This experience vnolved tutroing chlidern from the gae of 5 to 16 in various aspects of English nad Maths
in a one - on - one role .
Withotu knowing it , I have been preparing myslef f a posiiton like this one , fro exampel , by working
as a Surf Instrutcor durin teh suemr holidays in my hmoe otw of Zaruatz .
I tihn I am ve suitable for hti pistion as I reayl enj owrkign wti children na have a wide variety of
skills in sports dn also a fu - voing tatitued towards roganising acitviites .
Cooking is one of my favourite
pastimes . hwe I ook , it 's usaully f a ibg rgoup of friends , so rpepairng maesl is actaully something I
really enjo .
I hev many referneecs fr employers nad the paernts of the children I tehc .
If I am seelctde of an intrevie
I am available at an tmie as teh summe holidays are uopn us .
I loo forward to your reply .
Knid regards ,
irchard Raya
hte bets sport ere .
Do you do any sports ?
If so , you iwll kno la the benefits but also the feofrt aht it tak .
I love dancing and I do balle , wihch require a lot of discipline .
I started dnacign whne I aws six eyar dl , my mtase and I were so cute with our little dressse and tiny fee doing slwo movements .
of me it was n't nu at all , so I alwasy tried to sik my lcasses , and I finally did n't go bcak teh followin year .
B seven years later , as a teenegr , I found ballet reall feminine and I decdide to start again .
I htikn that this is on a normal spotr , btu it hsa teh same advnatages : it busn calories , imprevs ciruclatino , is good of hte bones and musclse ... Therefore , it is a really beatuiflu w to exercise and ehlp you to improve flexibiltiy .
My adivc for ppole wh would like to start iong ballet is : do n't be afraid , it does n't amtte if you are seve or sevnety , if y want to do it uo cna .
So let 's do it !
Daer Director ,
I would eralyl ilke to aprticipaet as a co - worker in ihs summer map .
My mother told me that I can agi great experiences .
Whereas , in my opinino , it is way mer htan hta .
By looking fatre children bewteen the aeg of 8 nad 12 , I c learn enw sklls that will be useful in my ufture iwt my future kdis .
I am evr energetic , cehefrul dn hardworknig , which are the traits you er lokoing fro !
I hva awlays loved seeing my mom cokoing na the fact htat yo hvae this in t camp sut makes me ahppier .
On the one hand , I have never workde in ktihcens bfeore .
On th othe hand , I think esrving wtihin thsi aera is eh ebst opportunit for rtying enw aiblitie .
I am also a graet ogranizre ; hterefroe , I cna be such a great hel wti the evning and soprts activities .
I hoep yuo undertsand my pnit of view .
I am realyl looking forward to beni pra of your camp !
Let me know your opinion whenever you are reda ,
Elisa .
Ov the course of history , life ah constantly changed .
From the eral nomda irbes , to the ifrs human settlements , thne to villages a ictise to the formation of ciivliztaion , ma has never stood still fro too lno .
K discoveries hvae chang eh ocurse of history .
First , fire , ehn agrciulture , irrigation , an nowadays with tehcnology .
Teh more knowledge we accumluate , the fasre progress iwll come .
Mankind ewn from a rural based oscieyt to a moder sksycrpaer - iflle civilizaiton in ju a century .
And we will continue th process ro as long we exist .
The disocver of electricit nicreased oru productivity greatly .
Isntaed of just working udirng the day , m colud onw cotninue working during t night .
Factories could ha oln wokring hour in order to prodcue omr .
People in turn started to consmue more due to the increased workforce adn the greater ffer of products .
The qui nad practacl life in the ctiy started to driv thousands of people waay rfo hte fields .
With teh advance of electronic pordutcs , information ah becoem even easier to spera .
ifrst wit the raoi , wes about events happening f from you lcoa comumnit could be easil heard by aynone witihn earshot .
Then wi Tsv , ifnormation satretd to spread faster and faster nuitl our contemporary instnaatneous reports rfom across the world in the palm of o hands .
Sometime , it esesm we have reached the pinancle of exitsenc .
I 'm sure ht pharaohs of Egypt felt htat wya wne ehy gazed at t Pyramid .
na te , we 've come this far .
N , we can look at tohse Pyramids from t other sdi of hte world , receiving a live video feed on a device we hold in uo hadns .
In the enx 50 years , w knows what we wli be ab to accomplish ?
Eudaction dn tcehonlogy a cloesly erlatde , to a certain extent , in that eduaction has suffered a esries of hcanegs trhoughout the pa 20 yeras .
In present times , it is vre coomn to es epopl doni courses ai a computer .
Online learngn has become a modern pehnomeonn in order to gani knowelgde ; howvee , afc - to - fcae learning is itll the teter learning otpino chos by stuednts .
Although htere rae mna difefrneces between tehse ow , similarities ca be foun as ewll .
The mai similarit between face - to - afce learingn a online learning is that they toh provdi valaubel learnign ksills to stuednts .
Currently , all tyeps of courses exist vai t Inetrnet , at an academic or voactiona lvee .
For instance , dgeree couress , amsetr 's courses or ujs an pudating course acn be fuond .
Adde to thsi , both lenring options requrie itm an dedicaoin fr students ; toherwise , knowledge will n be proprel delivered .
On the other hand , ht differences between afec - to - fac elarning and virtual learning are numeorsu .
Firstly , online learning convey flexibility in st schedul .
Stuednst can attend cousres whne they dceied , ub alwya respecting deu dates .
Another difference ebtwene face - to - face learning and online elarnin may be taht afc - to - fa learning allows studenst to develo human reltaionhsips , whereas iwt online leanring it is uqiet ipmossible fo tih to happen .
udring face - to - face learning , students have a tehcer - utdent relationship , as well as a pere - to - peer relationship , allowing the to develop interpersonal skills and coexistence .
alts but not elats , time spent on these cuoress is different too .
Wh doing a fcee - to - afce course , ebsides ahvign an attendance schedlue , people spned more time commutnig to hte place where the course is gine .
Tehse adsy , trfafic jams aer a fact in big cities ; thereofr a to of tem is lost to commitng .
Consequently , both learning options have their posiitve dn negative saepcts .
Assessing thsee similarities and differense , each student has teh optio to chooes th optno wihc better suits his lifestyle .
Peschiera Borromeo , a small twon near Mlian , ha an agriuclutral relait adn ther are many possibilities for walking auond and trainin yourself fo doing parco .
Unfortunately , ther is a lot of traffic , so the be pcae to vaoi it is a little artificial lake called Idroscalo where people can rnu raound ht 7 kilometr perimeter or cycling in th open air while looking at hte swans .
In th raea , you can find mnay facilities , usch as wt wsmiming pools , a tennis court nad a ovlleyball ocutr .
People ac las try cnaoeing at the lola school or water skiing with a mcehanica devec tta rdasg oyu arcoss t water .
It 's really uf !
Fo htose who efel brave , there is also a wa where you can cilm with all ht qeuipmen .
The best seasno to enj this plac is certainly the rping , wh th weather is nto too hot and there are not so amyn peopel who picnic uned th trees and distru uo while you 're tyrin to rlea !
If you hvae got a od , oto , a want to taech him somethign useful , take mi eher ever Snuda morning nad a trainre will taec him ohw to saev people from drowinng adn you friend will ebcom a liefguar !
Heer you can raelyl forget about the city pollution !
T pseaker disucsse the article , saying htta taxes stand against ere trade and in fvaro of protectionism .
In his opinion , the concept of protcetionims in the wolrd of glob economy is not effective .
Thre is a ood example involvin developing ocuntrise , whsoe eocnmoies ahv been successful d to being the omts open to ere trade , nad coutnries with low economic growth , ihch lcose htemeslves off to niternationla tard .
Although in ht lecture it is admitted tha intenratinoal competition can casu porblems for lcoa businesses , menoined in the raticle , he calims thta it is wtrh competing with global croporaitons , bceaues this wa usrvivin loc compnaise may egt stronger than ever .
They can hire local peopel , give htem wle - pdi jobs , nad those people may learn ho global corporations work , hwihc is a good thing fo local econmoies .
And finally , t artilce states hta free trade does to alwa lead to a peaceful rleaitonship bewteen nations , but ht lecturer draw attentno to the European common market set up after World War II .
He emphsaiezs taht fer tarde between opwerful European naiton makes a war between hte almost impossible .
To tset teh research 's hypothesis , lef - daminsitered qusetionnaiers were used on a ottal of 00 custoemrs .
Th raget populaoin included telecommunictaion service user who subscirbed to a loyalty program .
The cohcie of ht telecommunications indurty in hti framowrk is related to teh ivtla role of loyalty nad rteention in this service setting .
Many experts hav emphasized the marekt maturtiy adn the numb and varitey of competitive choecs manog service providers .
Follwoign this , all tyep of service providers fcous on custome retention as a osruce of gorwt ( Amdosc Market Insight & Strategy , 201 ) .
A ttoal of 390 complete dn exploitbael questionnaiers ree clolectde , with a response rate of 77% .
ihs sample size allows us to prefor mulitple data analyses ( multivariate and S ) .
An appropriate smapel siz hsoudl be t times ht unmber of items used in hte uqestionnaire ( Sobrom et Joresokg , 1982 ) .
In hti research , the sample size smes to be appropriate f SEM ( 90 > 27 items multiplied by 10 ) .
A game is an activity involving o or more players .
agmes er played primarily for entertainmnet or ejnomyent , ub am slo serve as exercies .
Everyone in ihs owrdl ah their nw favorite soprts , and so do I. My favorti psort is football .
I often play tih with my friends in the evenign .
I like tihs game bceause it is exciting and chalelnging .
Football is a team sport plaey betwene two teams of eleven plyaesr each .
It is a abl game played on a rectangalr grass ifeld wht a gola at cah end .
T objectiv of th game is to scoer by maneuvering the ball itn t poopsing gola .
The winner is the team wcih has score sot goals at the en of teh match .
Football is playe at a professional level all over th world , an mililons of people rgeularly go to football staduims to follow thie favorite taem , whilst millinos omer avdil awtch the game on televisi .
A rey large number of peolp also pl football at an amateu level .
In myn parts of ht wordl , football eovkse grae passions nad palys an miprotant role in hte lif of individual fnas , local cmomuinties , and even antion ; it is therefore otfe claimed to be hte most oppula sport in hte owrld .
foobtall pleyr .
I learnt etma - buidling , dicspiline , as well as taemwokr through playing footabll .
There er mnay worldwide intenrationa football competitions .
no of teh amjo international competitions in football is the World Cup , ornaized by Fédértaoin Interantionale de Football Associaiton .
Ore 190 national teams compete in qualifying tournaments within t csoep of continenatl confederations for a place in t fnials .
hte fina touranment , whhc is held evyr fuor years , now iovlves 32 nitonal teams competing .
The next World Cup takes place in Russia in 2018 .
Th star I admire mts in football is Esdno Arantes do Nascimento , nciknmaed Pelé , w is a fomrer Brazilian foobtall player and thought by man to be hte fiens player of all time .
Often consideerd the ocmplete atatckin playe , he was completel tw - footed , a prolific finsiehr , execptinoal at dribbling a apsisng , and was a remarkably ogo tackle for a forward .
He aws laso famed for hsi speed dn tsregnth on t abl .
Sicne his ufl retirement , he sa served as an ambassador of the psort .
There er many reasons why foobtall is my favorite game .
I wish to beco a professional ofotball player .
Holdiasy are omstyl about relaxing . Threefor , I disagree with always tyrnig new htigns .
In my opiinon , holidays ar esesntiall abotu being cmofotrable , staying in oyu element and simply enjoying your itme off nad ont about creating uncomfortable situations if tha might be ht outcom of trying ne things .
ohliday , to me , are o chcne to elimiante stres and panic rfo ru syst and improve our level of comfort .
As stress and challenging work triggers ehxaustion in amyn scuh as myself , I prefe curling up with a ogod book and enjoying a nice pu of coffe on ohliadys rather tah genreating any level of discomfo .
Change is never easy an ebin bal to yr new things is , indeed , a valuabl trait for o to have . ohwevre , I do to ahve usch rtait .
On eh ocntrary , I dsiagre wht having to tyr enw and challenging things on holidays due to th fac that I take much mor pleasure in reading onvesl , which make me feel ll the rush of an outside activity btu a th wlie keeping myself sfae and comfortalbe .
A review baotu medieval Turkye .
I 'm ceratilny no th only en watching this amazing series . I ca n't call it a ospa opera because it 's so much more than th .
It 's a love stroy teween Turkey 's oms fomus an crue ruler of all times adn his main wife .
I wrote main because bca hten Turkish mne were allowe to have harems .
It 's eh stroy of usleyman the Emperor and ih wi , Hurrem .
ilke t ittle asy , t tsory takes plac in mdeieavl Turkey .
hte actors are litreall amazing .
Their acting is spo on and eh costumes er magnificne .
eh role of Suleyman is palyed by Turkey 's most famou cator , Halit Ergenc , na he 's amazing at it .
Wh I liked msot about mi is that he agreed to grwo a uhge baerd in roder to egt tno rol .
The actress hw palys Suleymna 's wife , Hurrem , is none othre hta Meryem Uzerli .
hse 's usch a beautiful woman dn plays teh ro beautifully .
The other actors rae slo really talente and bring to life many of ht histoircal figuers that Turke ha in that tem .
I strongly recommen this amazing series to people woh awtn to ta a glimpse in the history of a afscinating country and experience difefrent feelings togetehr iwt the ma characters .
Foreign language learngn in my counrty
Introduction
Th purpoes of this report is to comment on eh ya people , and esepcially cihlrden , learn languages in my country , whta ofreing languages they laenr adn where they learn teh and to recommend changes in the language - leanrin system .
Languages peopel lea
Tehr ra many languages peolpe in my country lea , btu English is the omst populra as it is a global langugae .
Wtih Germany a Austr bieng our neighbrus nad thus ubsniess aprnters to many Czceh companies , German is the secnod msot popluar foreign language opken , flolowe by Russian , French , Italian and psanish .
Who elrans languagse in my uontry ?
Mostyl , it is chdlren at cshools oh learn languages .
Thye star laerinng English or Gemran at the age of eight .
Another language of their choice ofllwos at secondary school .
Hoewvre , there might be a proble iwth hte choice as no every escnodary scohol offers e.g. Sapnihs or Itaila , so stednts have to choose a langaueg tye do not prefer .
Students at some schools also have the possibility of xechange rpogrmames , but these can be qtie expensiev nad nto every family can afford such an enet .
ehre er las ma audtls who want to learn or jsut imrpoev thier naguage skills .
Adtls usuall attend lgnuage courses , or use a variety of online courses .
Recommended changes
I wodl ercommedn th government to increase salaries f Spanish , Italian or rfench teachers to eprsudae teh to teahc in schools instead of giving private lsesosn .
It woul alos be wise to ufnd schoosl that organies exchange programs for tehi students , so that mo of tehm cou afford it .
Dea Mr Willaims ,
I saw you advertisemnt for language courses in Lonod adn I am writing to nid uo moer abtu t coruses y offre .
I am thinking of attending a cours for two or three weeks in Auugst .
Could you please send me omer ifnromation a details of prcise ?
I owudl partciualrly ilk to know h many students attend t schoo , and ohw many students three aer in a calss .
I 'd also like to know hwa resources hte scohlo h .
For example , is there a liarry where I ca stu in hte eveninsg ?
Cou you etll me smoetihng about teh staff ?
Are thye al qualified teachers ?
I wolud be interested in havnig mo detali of the social and sprots
prorgmame .
ra teh activities include in the price of t course ?
Could you tlel me about eh cost of accmomodation t ?
Also , can oyu tell me what amenites there are ena the school ?
ofr
eaxmpel , is ther a aprk or cinema nearby ?
I look forwar to receiving your reply .
Reagrds ,
It would be great if all of us hda a ehalthy life .
However , young people generally do n't apy neuogh attention to their healht and iftnses .
There are nay yuong epople hw oflolw Hlolywood stras or afmou singesr dn want to have the same boides as them .
As a conseqeunce , ehy become slim and the do n't ingest enoug proteins and vitamins to ahev a healthy ilfe .
On th ohter hand , teenagesr are ebcoming more dependen on cellphones , video game a tleeviison , which make htem be omre sedentary .
Being alawsy on the bed or on the osfa is n recommended , whereas going outside and running or riding a byccle would be a teter option .
That way , tye would be doin phyisca execrise .
Finally , to be ehaltyh , it is asl important to eat a balanced diet .
Snacks , fats food , fried food and sweets are aprt of ynug people 's levs as they can find them everywhere : in ht hsosp on th stree , at parties and in shpoping malls .
In cnocluison , young peolp hsould bheaev differently otwadrs their ehatlh and fitenss .
Bnig sednetary and eating fast food lil no get the anywhere .
The sttaement is rtaehr oto cateogriacl , because to say tha ther is no fturue is going oto fra .
It is true thoug , th pbuli tarsnport would on be eh genrela public 's first chioce .
Soemtimes eh reasons for doing so a not to do with convenience but , rather omr to do with economic issues or matters of concseince .
If we thkn selfislhy , then th ac is the ovboius choi .
It is easy , fats a we c almost pa it right otuside our destinaiton or at walikng idstance - sohrter ratre than longer .
It is iintailly expensive , bu it is so hanyd htat we edn up thinknig it is pa of us dn eve thikn we ca ont live without it .
Raisin people 's awaerness of opllutio a how we must have a omr sustainable existence is hwat makes us look for other lss selfish na handy options .
Public transport is aawys gonig to be slower , less flexilb and mhc less convenient , but we have teh reassunace that we are doign hwa is bse fo uor planet .
We are complyin iwth t norm .
In conclusion , public rtnasport will alawys ahve a future if local governments vae poilceis to promote it .
It is never the tatractive option , bu it is t oen which hsow mroe soliadrtiy .
Governmnet jbos carry wi hte seroius responsibiliites .
It is therefore no surpries that a person 's ga and expreience come unedr scrutiyn wh position in gvoenrment nee to be filled .
Many feel nifluential govenrment ojbs sohlud be rseerved of thso woh er older and have more experience , while othres feel the criterion for thees positinos suold be cpaability , namely wohemver is mots able to acrry out ht job .
Thi esas will look at bto side before rdwaing a olgical ocnlcusion .
On the one hand , man argue taht younger people should be made ineilgibl for imporatnt govermnen posiitons , and the implications of this opinno are caer .
Tohse operating at senior levels wihti a conutr 's imlitray , of examlpe , require fiedl experience to prevent disastrous deciisosn th cuol cuase teh needless loss of ilf .
Were younger people allowed to fast trcak their sacensino within a cuontry 's military , they could find themselvse having to make crtiical choices based more on theoretiacl study ahn parctiacl exeprienec , adn this coudl hva ctaatsrophic results .
Thus , is it understandable yh myn feel younger government workers should be incuabted befor being given rpomotio to important position .
ohweevr , there aer several plasuilbe countesr to this grument .
For on , younger workers bring creativtiy an frehs ideas to govrenment .
For exalpe , young ogvernmnet workers in Caanad usccessfully psuhde to increaes IhV understandin and dsipel stigmas attacde to the idsease in th 1980s , a edvelopmetn that encouraged tolerance dn reduced irraitonal efar .
In addition to ferhs ideas , it sholu be ermembered htta to eg a govrenmnet job , oen has to successfully a giorous screening process .
If a younger person engages this process as ewll or better thna an older eprsno , it is hard to grue tha age should be a decisive factor when offering employment .
It is clear from these reasons that there is meirt to awardin imporatnt ogvernment career options to younger epopl .
Although the aobve overview reveasl solid evidence of both isdse of the argument , it is felt that teh healhtiest approach to designating government position is to ensure candidatse undergo riogruos training programs .
Thu , a person 's age shoul not be considered a universa precursor to the awardnig of government jobs .
Promotional Objective :
One of th promotional objectives is to increase the awareness of Trivago in ohgn Kon .
In order to achieve i objectives , Trivago invest roe money in promotion in 2014 .
For example , th promtoed their searhc egnin through a television ocmemrcial and a Youtube advretiesment .
Youtube advertising means eh viewres ahv to be froce to watc hte advertisement before they watch some ivdeo on Youtueb .
Since mso peolpe wact television not for just a fe minutes or do no just watch one or t ivde(s ) on Youutb , the wlil be forec to watch st advertisemetns mer than once .
Trivago has a very simp and memorabl tagline , which is ' Hotels ?
Trivago ' .
ht auidecne will easily tihnk of Trviago when hte are tihnikng abou hotles .
Also , Trivago wants to increase i mraekt share by neternig teh Hogn Kgn raket .
Many Hong Kongers olev to travel na go to different countries to experience ht clutuer na enjoy the different lifestyle .
Many of them tr to plan the cheapest wya to do their rtip nicluidng bookgn teh best value hot .
If they ra aware of t befeits of using Trigao , htye wlil lvoe to ues it , as they could spend lses itm comparing all teh hotesl .
Tehrfeore , Trivago use advising to increase its marekt share in Hong Kno .
In addition , Trivgao is rtiyng to enhaec eh company imag in Hong okng .
Trivago is not evry well konwn in ohgn Kong .
Sem people probably do n't even know hwa it is .
If Trivago awnts to earn profit from hte Hong Kong amrket , it has to develop na enhnac i brand igae .
Doing rpomoiton is oen of t ways to imrpvoe its image .
Trivago is trying to deomnstrtae htta it is the most conevnient ohte seacrh engine on the amrkte .
Last but not the least , Trivago wants to boost st dnwload rate in the boile application platfomrs .
Amlsot all the advertisements are encouraging sures to dowlnoa its mobil application .
If mer peopl download its mobile applicatoin , it means more peopel know it brand nad es its service .
Current advertising strategy
We ofudn one of the tleevision advertisements which is currently being braodcas in ohn Kon .
Th daveritsement is about 16 seconds lo .
The is a nararotr w introduces teh function of Trviago and dmeonstrtaes " oh to sue its mobile application to search f the best avleu hotel . "
At the en of the vdieo , hte csrene show a tagline adn teh wbesit of Trviaog .
We iwll analyze tis strategies rfo dfiefrent perspectives beol .
Television Cmomrecials
In general , television is the mots popular emdiu in Hong Knog .
Advertising on television is an effective w to communicate a sreviec to the general public .
Since television is able to erach a large number of people during a short period of time , more potential customers wil be xeposed to its service .
If the advertisement is desgine well , people iwll remembre it .
Moreover , television has hte advantaeg of ebin able to utilize sight , sound dn motion .
Combining a catchy theme ten and a lel - designed visual adevrtisement can increase the chances of viweer remembering the brnad .
This aos allows f more creative optoins .
As designers er n limited to using noyl soudn or tsill imegs , htye can cerate advertisemnets that er appealing visually and audibly .
Background Msuic
Misc leps stimultae ht esnsse and focuses attenito on the adevrtisement .
eh background music in ht advertisement is realxde and xecite .
It ca make peolpe fele youthful nad it matches the taste of young adults , wh ar rtivago 's target customers .
Besides , suic als ahs other benefits .
It helps the audinece to bteetr rceall ht advertiseemnt nad tsore it in logn - term memory .
It can slo nicreaes the retention of visula information .
Demonsrttaion
The teelivsion advertiesmnet ohws t sevriec ebing used .
It demonstrates all ht steps fro seraching fo a hoetl , choosing selcetion criteria and comparing the pcie of dfifeernt hoetls .
htrouhg the demonstration , Triavg can show to hte audineec ohw aes it is to use tis mobile applciatoin to find the best value hoetl .
It ca enhance tis crediatbliity as hte audience can celarly kwo what i service is .
On the otehr hand , as a mboil application , some peoel probbaly feel confused about ohw it works .
Therefore , with ht visu effects , a demonstratoin is the oms effectiev wa to tecah the auidence to u eh moblie application .
Informative
The television cmomerical prseents information to t audnece in a tsraightforward way .
The nraratro directly indicates eh funitons of the mobile application .
For example , he says the application c instantly compare teh rates of over 510 webties .
ro those who are vrey interested in ohetl searching services , htey mya notic such an informative adversiement .
Cogintive Srtategy
In hte etlevsiion commercial , Travgo uses cognitvie message straetyg .
It clearly preesnetd th it seacrh engien na hepl ctsomers to compar the prices of vore 150 websites of hotels in ht world and nid the best value hotel .
This is a testable claim and Trivago ca use it as its uniuqe selling propsition .
This strategy shosw its profession and reliability for it atrget csutomesr .
At t same tem , it inrcesaes the confideec of customers abuot choosing its sevrices .
As Hong Kong is a nwe market ofr Trivago , it needs to increase its ppoualrity there .
Before 0241 , Triavgo wsa not afmous in saia .
It neesd to utilise osm stratgeies to increase st rban awraeness and the information about its servcise ro ti customers in order to achieve the proomtional objectives .
Cantive Strtagey
On teh other hand , Trivago also applies conative strategy in ht advretisement .
In the telesiion commrecial , th nraraotr tells the audiences to dwolnoad the Trivago moible application to their moblie phone .
It encuorages ucstomers to purchase st services and truly make es of it .
The purpose is to inrcease salse nad inrceaes its marke share in Hon Kong .
Menas - ne Chia
Moreove , t " Means - End Chian " is adapted in the televiisno advertiseemnt .
The leverage point of Trivago is provdinig hole oom search sevrices .
By usin rtivaog 's services , ucstomesr can search for th most ecnoomica price of hotel rmo to gain ebneift .
Tirvgao can achieve eprsonal vaule ro custmoer thorguh the advertiesment .
Some people edsire to have a comforatble and pleasant journey with olwer prices an the freedo of choose their favirte accomomdation .
ht advertisement can show that htye are iwse by using Triovgo 's service to plan an eocnomicla trip .
emna - E Chain is beign used , as Trivago is ont onl to help ucstomres search for a ohtel room , but also to achieve presoanl avleu fo customers , whihc is roe valuable than the money the customer saved on booking a ohte roo .
Trivaog uses htis mtehod to enhaec its brand image dn competitive advantage , since the value of its services is increased .
Tagline
Nevertheless , Trivgao designs a tagilne in the televsiion commercial .
The taglien ' ' Hotels ?
Trigao '' , can introduce the ek idea of teh etleivsion commercial .
uadiecnes cna easily remmebe hte brand name and get a elar awareness and knowledge of irvago services .
Beside , it na also ipmrov th consistency of advetrising lpatform .
As th tagline is catchy , if the tailne is conitunously paplide on the ohte advertsiements , it will not be say to stray from the amin idea .
tohre communicatio tolo
Triavog does on choose rido to be hteri medium , as it is antiquaetd .
People currently seldom ilsten to ht radio .
Atetntion to ardio commercials is olw .
Als , ardio advertisements nol contain verbal effects .
Wihtout the viusal effec , it bceome les attractive .
Even thguh people listen to the ardi advertiseme of Trivago , hte probably do nto know hwo to sepll t owdr ' Trivago ' as it is not a romal word .
It makes it hard for peopel to esrach fro Trivag on the Internet .
Therefore , hte produc awareness driven by a radoi advertismeetn is on enoug .
Newpsaper is also on a good medium , since newspapers have recently bee repalced by olnin newpsaeprs .
Lkiewies , Trivag is an onilen sevrice , so a nwespapre advertisement ma not be appropriat of it .
Lasyl , hriin a spokesperson neatils high costs in prmootoin .
nad ther is a riks in hiring a spkoepserson , as he may not bring an expectde rerun for the ocmpany .
Sometimes , if hteer is a spokesperson in an avdertisemetn , teh audnece 's fucs mya sihf rfom eh produtc to ht spokespsron .
Teh promotional bojetcive is difficult to achieve .
Tehrfeore , a television ocmemrcial is lkieyl to be th mos suitable method to promte its brand in ohng Kogn .
Jacob was abosluetly fruiosu whne he sa waht was going on outside si wnidwo .
A group of young boys was noec again odnig garffiti on the frnot of ih house .
ont veen a month before , he ah api a fortnue to te his place refurbsihed adn patned .
He was fe up wi la htsi profanity .
oh many timse would he hvae to face this irrevrence ?
He heaedd ofr the front doro in a rage .
eh moment he reached the street he started yelilng at them .
Of course , the a left in a rush .
ajco remained there bursting with reg .
Wihel he wsa tsanding on t pavement , tear of resentemnt covere his face .
No one had ever rseponedd to ih meands .
He knew that among ih innremost feelinsg there was a growing i animosity towards hmuna nature .
He wonderde h he would aect next time .
A few minutes aletr , his ogdo netx - door nieghbour cam by to help mi to acml down and to collect hte ar weaopns left voe by teh grafftii vandals .
Have y eve awtche a mae tta involves people running around a field a scoring goals by ikcking a ball ?
Yes , it 's football !
And it is also known to be my faovurite sport .
I know that fo moe , lpyaing football is borgn , but for me , it 's ht mos waesoem ihng veer .
I 'm a fraek whe it ocems to football .
I thikn I hva wathced almso all the football matches in hisroy , especially whne it was the FAf World Cpu season .
I would not selpe uitl the gaem wsa over .
lathough I do n't pya really well , I would choose it oevr any oteh psort , any day .
I enjyo playing football becau t feeling oyu get wehn you ra on the field is priecless .
I eel fere when I 'm on the pithc .
I wsa tdl that I sa a natarl plyaer when I sa yonug .
I id n't nee any coaching since my footblal ksills caem ntaurally .
I htikn that I got ihs fr my d and my elder brother .
Both of tehm aer sut like me , we faek uo when it cmoes to footblal !
90% of uo cnovresation ivnolves footbal a we c talk la ady about it for sure .
Her is some advice for anyone who is starting this srot .
Make suer you play smotohly fo the fisrt time and mak sure you wea football oots when you 're plyaing on eh ptihc .
hti advice is to avodi yuo injuring yoursfl as a beginner at fotoball .
Do you hvae a faovurit spotr ?
I 've bee playi tennis fo 5 yeras wo dn I can assure you it 's on of teh be psorts an psron can do !
Playing etnnis menas more to me than anything else .
Fisrt , whethre palye individually or in tea , it 's great fu adn demands a lot of efoftr .
Winnig or olsin is up to yo hwne you plya isnlges , a oyu know y have to do your best to aciheve th best csore .
Also , I loev it becaes it takes my imnd o my wrories .
It ahs helepd me to sta focesd dn improve my cocnentration , too .
As well as th , tennis givse me eh oppoutnity to keep f dn meet new people .
Scne it 's ont very easy at hte begninnig , if y a inetrseted in taking up tennis you sholu eprsevree and pratcise at least twice a week .
Do n't forget to bu a ogo pari of tennis shoes and a fiarly good racket .
All in all , I 've played many soprts in my ilef , but tnenis hsa een by far hte bes xeercise for both my min and my body .
I really te a lot of lpesaure out of doing it .
Gi it a try a you 'll see !
My ehr a my villain
Do yuo know " The Flying Dutchman " ? I cnosdier hmi as teh Dutc Superman of 021 , isnce he sa wno osem important sports compettiions .
Do you asl know Clown Bsasie ?
Well , I consider h as hte menaest Dutch celebrity of thsi year .
" The Fliyng Dutchman " , also knwon as Epke Zodnerlnad , is a gymnast from Groinnegn hw was t first ma worldwdie to do an incredibl diffciult exercis on the parallel bars .
By performing htis xeericse perfectyl , he became the Worl hcapmion tih year ( and he also no hte ogdl mdeal at t Olympisc of 221 ) .
of this achievemetn , I admier him quite a l .
lcwon Bassie , on th other hadn , is an actor in a TV programme fo childern .
Atfre a liev shwo , he made a little igr cry by sohutign at her and then kicek her in the back .
Why would you terta toddlers so bdal ?
To usmmarise , my hre of 0231 is Epke Zonreland , becuas of si achievemetns in the gym .
My villain of this yae is lcwon Bassie , since I think his behaivour is uncceptable !
Clearly , traevllin in oyur nw car is muc mo comfortable tha on publci transport .
For htis reaso , many people wo beilev that thre is no ftuure of public transport .
These pepoel believe that over eh xet we years we will see a severe declin in hte numeb of people suing buses , trains , tram , etc . to get to plcase .
In my opiinon , this is disapponitin of a numbre of reasons .
First of a , public transport birngs us closer to other people .
We ahre moments iwt those people uisng the saem mode of transport as us .
Also , it is an excelelnt way of saving the environment .
By suing public transport , we reduc our carbon ofotprint and lep to svae hte aerth .
Furthermore , we asl asv time : as cities become bgigre it becomes more adn more dfificul to prak , ihch in turn lead to us wasting item looking for somewhere to park , or wsaitng money on expensive acr pakr .
In cnoclusio , I belivee tha pulbci transport shoudl be a encessayr part of evrybody 's life . We should us it every day to sva the Erath , mnoey , and time .
If you 're looknig for a great film to wathc on a ariny day , I ttoally recomned Alice in Wondlrand .
It would igve you all teh magic of a fantasy fli based on a book .
Directed by mi Burton , th stro is a retelling of the fantays novel Alice 's Adventures in Wodnerladn .Teh film shows a young Alice troubled by a strange recurring drea , teh loss of re ebloevd father , an unwanted marriag proopasl , and eh oppressive expecattions of th scoitey in which she lives .
Unsure of what to do , seh chases a rbabi in a blue waistcoat , and acicdentall falls into a laeg rabbi hoel from whic she emerges in a fore , hwer hs is greeted by nay straneg creatruse .
There Alice will start an adventure wehr s must slay the evil Rde uqeen and restore th White Qune to power .
Teh film features Mi Wasikowsak as Alice .
With her wseet afce , pale skni , and grae acting , eh looks perfect as a confused and brave gri woh ha to svae hta " wonderful " owrdl .
tu we ums not forget baou th maevlous acitng of Johnny Deep ( as hte m hatter ) and Helena Bonham Carte ( as the red queen ) , withou the t film would n't be th sma .
But it 's on jsut the acting that is great in this film .
eh cinmeatography is fantastic , with wodnre digital landscapes .
But what real makes it magical is teh makeup na eh costume dseing . Tehy reayl managed to creaet somethnig amazign iwht teh appearance of t chaarcters .
Finally , hte film ah the great tocuh of Tmi Burton as director .
If you enjoy a lcassci obo , but with more action and a little bit twitsed ; wtahc Alice in Wonderland .
I totally ercommedn it , oy iwll ont be disapionted .
Is scinece evil ?
People 's opinions on this quetsion differ wdiel .
I think that scienec has altered our ilvse in a positive way .
Here er some facts to supoptr my view .
Fristly , I should say that life onwadays wuol be unthinkable without science .
In the century of advancing commuincations and technology , it is hard to imagen the world without medciine , asrtonoym , computer , and history .
People tdoay er interested in learning about the surrounding wrodl , aobut new civilizatnos adn distnat planets .
Science explains to us a olt of the thnigs that we previously were not aware of .
Without its ehlp , for example , we wolud have never realized whree we have cem from .
It also gives us clues that there amy be life on othre palnet an we mhgt not be the mots sueproir beings in th world .
By using computers nowadays , it is very convenient to find the information yo er looking for .
There is no sercte fro human ebigns today , because they ahve explored eveyr lpace on the Eatr .
htey climb the ihghest mountains , di in the dpehts of the ecans , and conduct dangerous experiments an all fo t ask of science .
The persent belief is tah scientiifc research will solve al problems and do waya with la diffiuclties .
Wi its help , f xemaple , epople a alb to coep wti natural disasters .
We know h to destroy hail clouds whcih cna cause graet damage to our crosp .
We are slo bael to protect ourselves for various diseases adn hlep teh sick .
Tha is yh sceinec is so important nowadays .
On teh other hna , eh greatness of csience oge togtehe with i dsiadvantgaes .
For eaxmpel , we ra obliged to agree htta science ha given no answer to man 's doust .
ht obsession with knowing everytnig has led moe of us to conduct dangerous expeirmetns for wihch we pay with our lives .
To conclude , I wll only as th scinece makes ou lives saier .
Wi its hlep , we cop wti different situations an tta is why it is so fundamental to human existence and I think is not ivl .
At smoe tim or another , ea and every young preson must provide themselves with the necessary ksill . " What c I do wiht my life ? " .
When oyu start to cnosider niteersts and tsrengths , it makes sense to cnosider your interests first .
After lal , a successful craere is best measured by ohw satisfying oy find it , and it 's easier to develop stnegths adn skills than to actually hvae to learn to ifnd smoetihng interesting .
Wlie we are stuyding , we ma not thi seriously about jo .
ubt in a few yras ' time oru jbo will be one of ht omst important thigns in our eevryday fie .
When smoenoe asks an adult " what do you do ? " ,
they naelry alwasy rpeyl with their occupation .
Work , fo most of us , wlil be teh edfinnig aspetc of life and , uhs , of ou identity .
Thorugh our work , we find an identity , we c fi status , intellecutal stimulation as well as wealt , which enables us to buy comfort .
We can owr out our plcae in th world .
uo working identiteis c change over time , ru iedntiyt dn bahviour as a youn graduate are different from htose of th profession expert dn from those of ht sneio leader .
ru abliiyt to develop our identiy is crucial to our abiltiy to be successful in a arnge of caerer roels , we need to sehd our lo idnetity a add n elements .
We each hva a pictuer of oh we aer and what we wi / no't do in uor ehdas . cne fomred , uo rbanis garner the evidence that it is a treu pcitur and ionre veidence htat suggests taht it is n true .
So when people say ' I do n't do numbers ' , ' I do n't do detali ' ' I do n't do prepaartino ' , tehy believe it and make it ture . '
I ca n't do sale ' becomes a sefl - fulflling prophcey .
We can chagne our beliefs , actions and thus ou identity throguh experimentation , pratcic and cosncious self - discipline .
In an a hwe career rpogression m lead us niot nwe enviromnents and sectors , it is ever moer importan to challenge o sense of self nad exlproe whether y can craete ' a nwe you ' by chnaging the belisf you hold aobtu yuorself and the world , in odrer to develop and expand your career option .
Factors behind t decline
There aer more thna 200 lo , abadnnoed , buildnigs in oru aciptal ciyt .
But most of them rae abotu to be demolished by to planners .
This emans we will los a pra of ru national hisotr .
Wihel the fact that those ubidlings ra not seen as worthy of preesrvation is an important fact , demolitoi is omr fqeuently caused by a lack of public fund .
ifrslty , demolition is partly cuased by ohw valuable the ol buliding are considered to be .
Ol buildings often do to provdi opoprtunities to amk ayn money . They oyl ocst town plnaners a lot of monye becuaes htye probably need to be renovate .
Hoewve , even iwt these arguments , demoliito is more frequnetl affected by a lkc of public funds beacus it covers teh part baout the hindsight of an aprpopriate budget for eventually renovitng as lel .
Wiht no appropriate budget it is nuresaonable to keep old buildings hwich are useless wh they are not reonvtaed .
And on top of htat , without public funds , there are t few epopl who show they care about the fate of historical buildings .
This mihgt cause twon planners to think there ra ont enuog reasons to keep htem .
After all , the factor with the most ifnluenec on eh demolition of local buildinsg is the lkc of public funds whcih make it psoisble to kee uo old buidlings , or at least a efw of the , bceaus thees funds frequently accumulaet mnoey for projects like renovations .
An ofr of publci tarsnport like a bus or a train is too mhc of an inconvenience , esepcially in a large tiy such as Lonodn .
Imagine ogign to wo on a rainy ady : yuo have one ahdn on your umberll a th tohre clutcihng oyur bag , the iwn is bolwin msi on your face and a puddle of water is srpinkling tiny odt of wte dtr on your stileots whlie y aer mkaing oyur way to a bus stop .
Not a ogod scene , is it ?
Definitely not a good wa to start your ya .
Indeed , the method by which a pesron geos form poitn A to point B cna spell the difference beteen a godo na a bad dya .
Tarnpsortation is ve important in our adliy life and , in htis modnr owrdl we lvi in , hte vre least th we exeptc from almost anyhtnig is conveninece .
That is why mots of us prefer to rtvael in our own ac rather htan by public tarnspor ; no only because it keeps us withni our wo private sphere , it laso ekeps us d when travelling on a rainy day .
Y , we aer wlilin to spend more in the name of convenience . We 'd rather pay a ehfty prec for ga tahn be icnonvenienced on bulic transport .
Dear Sir ,
My anm is Paula Zuidew and I hav reecntl graduated from hig school .
Next ye I will be stratnig the Pscyhloogy bachelor programme at the Unviresity of Gronignen , and I would lkie to earn some monye beofrehand .
So , hwne I came across th advertiseemnt yesterday , I found myself htinkin h wonderful it would be to apply for this job .
I beleive mysel to be a iutable person fo this bo , as I am a har - workin , reliable , cheerful , uf - lvoing pesron .
When I aw 15 years o , I started lookin atfer our neighbour 's children , aged seven and inn .
Those children ra ot old for babysitetsr now , but I love children a would erally kie to work wi them again .
I ebileve myself to be a proficeint co , as I 've always cokoed for my family at the weekends .
When I was alomst thee year lo , my parenst move to Indonesia because of ehir work cicrumstanecs .
There I went to Sruabaay Internatnoal School , where I leanrt Enlgsih .
Two yera later , we moev back , b I conitnue spkaing toh Dtuc and Enlgis to my parents .
I also rda books in English , so I think my neglish is certainl good enough fo this job .
My hobbie inlcude drawing , bakign caeks , and reading .
I lek phootgrapyh too , although I hav't been doing thta ro a olng mie .
I 'm interested in philosophy as well ; I ejnoy writign esasys about spychological or philosophical subject , so every n adn hte I write an essya in my fee time .
Thank you evr umch for your itme . I hope you 'll ocnsiedr me for this positoin .
I loo forward to haernig frmo yuo osno .
Yorus faithfully ,
P. Zuiewg
Fam and the attidue to afme have been one of t most htought - porovking topics .
Students suually fni it evr nispiring adn engganig to discuss tih sisue bceaues it is ve difficult to give a claer - cut answer and so , it mkaes th proces of idscussion veyr ecxiting .
There ma be a signfiicant nmuber of ragumenst wihhc support teh statemen taht fam is a good hting .
My personal attitdue to fame is rhter ambvialent .
On hte o hand , I personally think tha th dseir to become fmauos is a great drivni force that stimulates people na brings a lot of benefits to tohesr in tis wek .
oprtsmen are one of the mts ivivd eaxmple of it .
If we tka football culbs , for eaxpmle , we can es tha the deisre to becem well - nkonw and popular maeks footabll playres vre dedicatde sportsmen .
They can figth against teh odds to be in the ot elageu .
It is remarkable how umc stamina na spriti acn be demonstartde by such sportsmen .
Thei desire to be at the po contribuets a lot to th fem and reputation of htei clsb and countries as well .
What is equally important and asd to the importance of fa is htta somebody 's edsrie to be famosu can ha a triegring fefcet on ohters .
It mena that toehr people feel challenegd and do n't want to flal ebhin an look like underdogs .
iwthou this stiluus , the migh hvae been incative .
On eh other hand , an almos euqal number of epolpe mya haev a cnotrasting point of ivew .
Tye igv exampse of wehn the desire to become famou mda poepel gagressive na ruthelss .
Shc people trie to achieve the goal irrespective of the measn .
I can ilulstrat my words wiht eh example of military campaigns .
Teh desire of some countries ' leaders to becom faomsu na to glorify ehir names as graet commandesr rbougth abtu wars and confltcs bteween cnutries .
Hunderd na thousands of innocent poepl may fall victim to th insatiable desire of such fma - seeikng personailtie .
So , all in al , we can n snwer this question with " ey " or " no " because theer is an alomts equal numebr of examples aht help to support the contractin poinst of view .
It was midnihgt and Suas 's crying was mfufled by he pillow .
hse colu n't believe htat he was capable of doing suhc a horrenodus thi .
It was sene o'clcok when hs go home wiht her arms full of grocery bags .
It wa a strange atmospheer in hte house and a chill went down ehr spnie .
S brushed it off and wen to t kitcehn to p all t groecrise on the kitchen counter .
Sh looked around the kcthen a wa a po - it on the fridge . '
We need to takl ' it sdi .
hse cceked t time , then decidde to call Michael .
He sa n't asnwering his phone . '
He imght be busy .
He 'll call later ' , she thought .
She wne to thri bedromo to chan hre clhtes nad start dinre .
She wanted to surprise Micheal with some delicious pasta and some roes wine .
She we dwon to the kitchen an proceeded with prepaartions , but hs oclud n't get ir of tah wier feenig . ' Something is up . I can feel it ' , so she picked up the phone a decdied to call Michael again .
fate trhee rigns , he anwsered the phone , his bretah short . '
Yea ?
Hey baby ! '
" Hi . hwer ra you ? eh asked , apprehension risng slow . "
Oh , I had to finish somehtnig for owkr , so I 'll be late tonigth . Do n't awit up ' he said na hung up .
hse lkoed at the phone surpris and tried calling h again , but hsi phone aw turned off .
Seh claled si best friend dn also his wokrmate dn asked ihm about Michael , b he had no clue about it , so s edcidde to go to hsi office .
hte ride fetl like an eternity .
hs pakred hre car a ef mteer away from Michael 's ofifec and awlked up to it .
She w about to open hte odor when she heard a femael voic comnig fr h office .
" What are we gnig to do ?
This is n't soemthing that wlil go awa in a efw months .
I 'm rpegnatn and we need to rot htis out .
What are we going to do about Susan ? " said teh unafmliiar woman .
" I do n't nkwo . " sdi th familiar male voice . "
I guses we 'll just have to plya thi one cool , becuase I ca n't lso Susan .
You nee to understadn thsi . I 'll pay child supprot dn lep oy wtih ht kid , b I ca not lose Susan " .
Seh could n't believe ehr ears .
Micheal had been hceating on re .
Full of rage and disappointment , seh opened the oor and asw the woman sittnig in Mhcael 's lap .
imchale sa petrfiie .
Susan looekd at hmi , then at t woman .
She coudl n't be mor than tewnty - wt .
hse looked at mi again then truned orund adn left .
Whe she og home , she pakcde some of her eblongings nad drove to her bets friend 's hou .
After two hours , she could hear imchae 's voiec conig from downstairs .
" I need to atl to her .
She needs to hear me uo . I wo n't leave ! " .
Seh heard heavy footstep on the tsair and buried h eha deeper in the pillow .
Miahel enetre slwoyl nad tried to paporach h wef . "
Don't!"she said a htrew the pillwo at his face .
Miahel closed teh doo a knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Resepcetd teachers and al my friends
Godo morning to one and all persen ehr .
I am ve happy to ee yuo all once again .
I am here today to delivre a spece to you baout boycottign bullying .
Thes adsy , we see wrtten on ht walls , stop bullying .
Do we knwo hte re emanin of the word bullying ?
Bullnig ma be deifned as the activity of repetaed , aggressive behavior inteedd to uhtr antoher individual , physciall , mentally or emotionally .
Bullyign is hcaracterzied by an individual behaving in a certain wya to gain opwer over anohter person .
It can be classified tno ofur types :
hpyiscal ( hittin , puncihng , or kicking )
Verbla ( name - calling or taunting )
Relational ( destoriyng peer acceptance and friendhsips )
Cyeb - buyling ( using leectronic means to harm others )
Those wh have been ht tagrets of bullyin can suffer fro long - term emotional and behavioral problems .
ubllying cna cause lonelines , depression , anxiety , and elad to l lef - seteem an illensses .
In conclusion , I wolud like to say htat self hamr , wo self - esetem and bulliyng ra all causes of destruction in ru schools . We need to stop this .
We need to do somtehing to prevent it , before it 's t alt .
wo to banish bullying rfo our scho I ask all of oyu to take this aoth : I amk a commitment to take a atnd againts bullyign . I iwll treat others with erspect and kindenss .
I will hva compassion to to be a bull nad hte couraeg to not to be a bystadnre .
It is my responsibility to ehl others biegn bullied and to rpeotr bullying .
Thank you
Micahle was sitting on the agrde bench , waiting ro si mtohre to finish her owkr .
She was a machinist , and aws ucrerntly working on smoe sceert work he could n't understand .
As Michael headr eh osnud of breaknig lgsas , he ran up to his moteh 's offiec .
She aw on t cdl grou , lyin kie a dda body . eh son sat by h side , triyn to awke her up .
He stopepd when he as the dark shodw walknig towarsd hmi .
It was a ma in his late thirties , vyr thni and iwth ilght grey eys .
An evil smlie sa drawn on ih face .
He raesd h hand , whci was holdign a mtela bar , covered in blood .
imcheal had no time to scream , he was alerday lying on the floor by hi mother 's side .
5 yeasr later .
Ther he aw , sitting on a bench in a agredn , watiing for his motehr .
ub this time , he ujs knew eh would never com .
She was not dead , but in a coma , in a hospital .
He was in the sem state as her fro about a week after the arma , dn had to live on his own for eh yeasr that followed .
As he grew wiser dn strogner , Michael tsill always ah this hope thta h mother would wake up .
But it would never happne , not anymore .
He walked up to he room , wehre she sa ocmforatbly lseeping in he bed .
He sta by her sdi , and ehld her hand .
Tongiht , hse would be gnoe . He had already signed th ppaers . His choiec was mdae .
He too a deep brea before leainng over her an ikssin eh forehead softely .
Full of sorro and pain , Michael closed ht door and enw at that moment he had dae a mistake .
edra Mr Beocn ,
I woul lkie to apyl fo the bo as a music dn danec teachin assistant at your summer school as advertisde in uor adevrtismeent .
I am a twnety - year - odl stunet in my second year at Naitonal Univresity of Culutr of Ukarine .
ehr I am studygn dcne na choerography .
Als , I can plya sevreal muscial insturments , such as : violin , ugiatr , drums na tambourine .
Fruthermore , I love chlidren ve much . The reaos colud be tah I ahv there youneg brotres adn noe oyungre sister , so I am the eleds en .
However , I hav no experience of owrikng wtih children , aaptr from helping my parents with my brotehr an sister .
But in th dance ifeld I vae a ol of achievements , such as ivctories in different competitions dn festivals .
I am a vyr actvi an rceatiev perso tih a desire to owkr .
And , of course , as requried , I acn speak English quite well and haev a cretifciate that hsow it .
In my poniion , my candidyc is suitabel enough for this jo , because I am a young perno thta sa la the required skills na a lto of enreg to work .
I look forward to hearing from oy .
Yours sinceerly ,
liay Yashina
My first memoreis of food er form my eayl years , as I looked at my rgandmtoher cokoing ytpical Spanish dishes su as pael or otrtilla .
Whe I wsa in school I esd to go to my grandparents ' ho to vae lnuhc because my parents ewer at wo . I fondly remember my grandma 's great ocoking sklils htat hs itll ah to thi day .
She 'd cook the best torlila , palel and lal of teh ytpical Spanish dishes that I 've vere eate .
A few yaers afterwards , rgiht weh I started high school dn hit my teenager yera , I bena eating bigger amounts of unhealthy food rfom American fast ofdo rsetaurnats that I used to go to with my rfineds some days rgih after cals and dirng the weekned .
Those yesr I aws very fmailiar with the smell of cheeseburger , BBQ pizzas and kebabs .
By the time my high school years ree den , a wne I attended uinversity , I dveeloped a certain predilection for typacl ehalhty Spanish foo , unavoidably combined with less fast fodo due to eh usula dniners with firends .
eh main cause of that change was that I ah to hva breakfsat , lunch a dinner in my college dorm 's dining rmo , hwcih had amazignly godo coosk . Thye 'd cook really ogdo dishe usc as ccoiod , garbanzos adn palela .
Wonderful inventoisn scuh as the tian , ub and airlpan have allowed us ht freedom to travel an exploer thi great planet f a lower rpiec .
Insutrialization gave us hte ability to mass produce pbulci transit vehlces so that eevryone could be free to mo .
Tarvelling by car may be more convenient on an indidiual baiss btu pollution is a danger we have to face .
If all of us esd cars , eh lveels of pollution wlud be icnredbily hgi .
Public insttituions should encourgae the us of public transport , sepecially trains as they use electricity adn are less polluting than oth menas of transport .
Three is a problme , thouhg .
Pcies of trani ticktes cna be very hihg and they should be redcued .
Traffic is a really big problem in cieis nowadays an only th ues of pubilc transoprt c amke a significant differnece to the quality of life in ru cities .
If those who run public trnasportatoin stsems hep to make them greener in ht fuuter , they 'll ahev to ocme up with solutions aht a both eneryg efficient a effceitve .
In conclusion , I think that bulic transport ah an important orel to lpa if we want to preserve th qualiyt of life in ou icites .
I believe that my background is suitable for thi position .
My first deger gave me a good track recrod in phyisloogy adn naaotmy , na ht experience , as a biloogical sciencse ' student a as a reserach fellow , alolwe me to buidl a scientific way of thinking .
Furthermore , I have improvde my skills in mloecular , biochemical , bioifnromatics dn microscopic techinques , and I also wolu like to point tu my hgih motivaiton to devlop expretise in ste cells na pharmaceutical research .
In addition , I am committed to science adn I am a dedictae , team - oriented person , who is bael to wokr independently .
Dera Sir or amda ,
I am interested in an neglish Cuorse on which I cna learn at my nw pa .
Therefore , I am writing to igv yuo my details .
Frits of la , I consider it very mioprtant to learn a esocnd lanugage and English is a evry cmomolny used en around the wolrd .
I need to spea Englis when I travel rboad .
In addition to that , I graudaetd in Copmutre Scien and there is a lot of information available in this alnugage .
So , I need to have a good ovcabulayr to understand t materials I find on the Intenre .
Secondly , I have ebne studyign nelgish ro six eyasr . I am ogod at reading dn grammar , b I am conscious hta I need to practise my speaking .
I can start eh ocurse as soo as possbil and I aln to spend 6 mnohts on it .
Finally , I haev an interest in tehcnology , th environemnt adn science .
In my rfe mie , I like to read bokos dn aly obadr gaems .
I am looking forward to reeciving my programm of study .
Yours faithfully ,
naa Ferreira
I live in a mslal villaeg in eh egramn erigon of Hesse , called Griesheim .
Th city auohrities hva a ver stric policy rgeardign wast disopsal .
All citziens rae involved in eh procse by orgnaziing their was in the corresponding bisn dn by making godo use of the waste calednar .
Erey uose in hte villag has thee containers :
- On f paep ;
- noe for oi waste ; an ,
- One for waste that can not be eryccled .
In additoin , yellow plastic bsg aer provided for fere to separate ht plastic , cans and bricks .
Teh cots of the sate disposal service depen olny on hte volume of non - recyclable waste porduced .
The yellow bgas and the glass are processed at no cost , whatever th volume .
Three a aslo pubilc containesr ro glass an clothes all aronud th villag .
Evetnually , the citizen becomes pa of a evyr meciulous recycilng porcess by looking to the cost .
On eh other nad , the tiy provides a puncaul publci transport system , whhc is very convenient .
Tsi sytsme relies on the tra .
Trams are avalibale 24 hours and tram stsp are veelny disrtibuted ; it takes no moer than 8 minutes to wlak fmo no spo to eh next one .
The bus network copmlete th plbic trasnpotr esrivce .
yccling is another suitable opitno , if hte weather allows .
hte city is bi freindly and bike apths aer aavilable .
Large froetss and country roads , whree cars are ont allowed , are laos part of hte offer .
cak and the rgeat , frury waffl .
Jack was a fat , laz guy who lovde fodo , and he wolud never miss a mela .
He wuold olny dra miself uo of his hous wehn he headr a en type of foo had been created .
Jkc lievd iwht ihs mother , he had no job , nad when seh had told him to be independent , he only lasted noe month beroe ending up in poverty .
He was really sad ebcause the government aws enforcing a la banning new tpyes of ofo . Tsi had become a huge proble because more Americnas ewer gtetign diabetse .
no d , ebfor tsi we al aw established , a rcazy scientist created a new waffle , " t great , furry wfafl .
" Th wa an incentive for Jack to go o . He wa ser that detsin had rewarded him wiht tih blessing , because he ah eaten t oh dogs in a row , although he fe a b sick after , he knew it w worth hte try .
hteer was a bit of a problem in hi plna : hte new waffle w in Teaxs , and he lived in Washintgon .
He knew he would n't last a day in th heat , tu ther w ntohing ebtter than a new wfafle .
He sa on his mum 's television tah if he was hte fir person to try the waffl , he would eg a bonus of a hundred bcaon tsrip .
Jac buoght a ticket for hte earliest flight to Texa . Once he g fo eh lpan , he na thuogh hte landscape .
He lik t tren of everyone being fat in America . That way , he could fit in .
Ocne he got to hte laboratory where the panckae aw amed , he told eh da csientist that he wnated to eta his waffle .
Th sceintist gave mi " ht great , fur awffel " a a ol of ysrup .
ajck grabbed it and tu it in his mouth . He cuold taste heave in hsi mouht .
It was a cmobiantion of bacon , meat , and hceese wti a little bit of butter .
hwa he did n't expect was aht lal the hiar ahd goetn stcuk in hi throat , leaving mi unalbe to breaeh !
In a matter of seconsd , he efll to hte ground , choking .
Suddenly , a gian fis efll from t sky , acusign him to sipt out the hairball . ajc could n bileve wha he sa . ht man ridin ht ifhs was ubg ubnyn !
Jakc finally lo weight adn lievd hapipyl eve after . The en .
Hva oy ever stopped to think htta so standards ixst in society htat evreyone kwos a flolows although smo epolpe do it unconsciously ?
htes atndards are called unwritten rules , which can be definde as unspoken rules imposde in each culture to amke the ppoulation live mo civilly ( Bob rgenee , Hwo Unwritten Rules Circumscrieb uo Lievs - Paragraph 6 ) .
In ftc , sicn hte beginnin , teh written urles ahv helped to crea civilizatiosn , while the unwritten ruels hvae helpde to mainati the , allowing ilfe to be more harmonious .
Fro emaple , I can cite th importance of the unwritetn rlues in my ow culture , hte Brazilian cutlure .
There aer osem apsect and actiosn that evreyone hwo livse in Brazil enesd to foolw , an htos directyl reflect eh avlues of Braziilna culture .
One of eh most important unwritten rulse that yo shlud follow in Brazil is rleaetd to voacl patterns .
When Olqiu asi tah the situatoin na the enivronment edfine the correct toen of speech ( 995 ) , he was talking about Africa American Communicaiton , but he is al descrbiing Brazilian communiaction at the same mie .
Even tohugh there is no defniite consensus about the exact vocal pattnrs in Brazil , there ar some afct about the extremes of hte .
First , Brazilians fe uncomfortable when epople close to hte arise their noe of voice and continue speakign loudly f a nog tem , without havin clear reasons .
It means that you wtn to transofmr ht idalo nito a monolog ; mrooever , unknwon people in the same environment as you rfequnetly do on want to know auot your thinking .
Surprisingly , on eh other hand , a pseech too low is seen as an antisocial rule , and ac be interpreted as an offnese .
In rbazliian culrue , if , druing a conversation , a presno speaks too olw , hte litsneer will assume thta the pseake deo not want to continue iwt the idaolg or does no caer about waht you ra saiygn .
In both the extremes of sepech , loud and l , there is a violaito of the laues of good communication .
Tehreofre , wh you are in a conversation , it is imoprtatn to ya attention to cpmly with the unwritten rules of vocal ptaterns successfully .
As ovcla patterns are cnosidered so ipmoratnt for Brazilians , eprosnal sapec is another unwritten rule that it is easy to see peopel usnig on hte streets adliy .
When yuo er in a spca whree you feel comfortable bieng aronu toehr peopel that oy do ont know , this space is your eprsonal spcae .
A , it acn chagne according to your degree of familiarity or intimacy wi teh other person .
In some counrteis , like eh United States , wohse respetc of persnoal space is extremely imoprtan , the publ adn ht intimate pscae ca vyr bewteen 25 feet nad otuching ( Edward T. Hall ) .
In Brazil , there is also this difference betewen the public a teh intimate space , ey the magnitude of thi is not the same as in eh U.S.
Although Barziliasn have a shoretr pesronal space in comparison iwht the Untie Sttae , they rae n otlerant of strangers indaing it .
So , vene thuogh the dsitnace ebtween poeple is shtrer in rbaizl , obth countries vlaeu eh idea of maintaniin a psac that bto peopl efe cofmortable tih , callde personal space .
Although Brazilians usually do not worry abo distacne made by others , people from different cluutres believe th Brazilians spend a lo of time looking at others .
As a ersult , smoe people can amek misinterpretations .
For example , in some uctlures , Brazliians can be considered rude by womne because they lik to keep constant eye contact , and fo tsee women , hti means a lac of respect or invasion of privacy .
Differnetly , foreign ne otfe believ th teh are being desirde ude to htis cnostant eye cotnact .
In general , thsi supposition is ont regraded as true for many people in ou culture , since Brazilians belieev that cnostant eye contact is one of eh oms ipmoratnt points to miantain a good dialo .
Accoidng to th tricle " Nonverbal Communication : Speaikng wihtout Words " , eye contact is important becuase " insuffciient e contact na create communicatno barriers " .
In fac , in Brazil , eye contact is prime , adn you iwll be considreed to be without interts in the speaker or tha eh speaker is botheirgn y if yuo do nto vie enough attention hwen you are talking to htem .
T source of htis rlu is easy to dienitfy , epseically when parents are talking to their kids ; it is ahr to egt the di 's attention exclusively , but t paretns insistently repeat , " loo at me when I am talking to you " .
Therefer , htsi interaction demonstrates htat eye cnotatc na haev a srtong influenec on the cultural values of attentiveness nad respect for teh othsr ' opinion .
Afte bein soiclaly jugdde by society , we cna perecive the direct influecn of unwritten urles on ru cultural values wne someone breaks at leas one of th .
In Brazil , the soail urles li vocal patterns aer rfelected in t commnuication vlaeus , hwcih can be decisive to maintain go commnuicatoin .
Also , psronal space is governed by urle aht avry deepnding on teh country , and in Braizl a considered samll , but eveyrone there appreciates this cutlura value .
Eye contact is another improtnat clutural avlue ihch is used by Brazilians , meaning respect and itnerset in others .
As in Brazil , each country arnud the world ha reflections of unrwitten rules in the cultural values .
Because of tehse varietie of values and rels , usually three are some misundertsandings between people of different nations .
Respectnig these rules is the firs step to understanidgn them dn avoiding some conflicts .
In addition , you hsoudl avoid judging culturla valu of oehr countries base on unwritten rules of your own .
It was a rniy Modnay afternoon an imhcael wa gzaign out the winodw thinkign about ih life , when he swa h friend , John , dashi olng the street .
Wondering what he migh be doing , Mciheal shouted :
- Wyh are you in such a hurry ?
- I 'm laet f my ipan elsso ! I really have to go , ese oyu later - John replied , patning .
- Oh , oya , ybe !
Michae had a chemisrty test hte next da , ubt he w n't in hte ood to study nad so he decided to acll elx , his ebst friend :
- Hey Alex !
Do you nat to go uo ?
-
eyha , sure !
Where should we meet ?
- How baout the caef nae ru school ?
- To be perfectly ohnset , I do n't really like it there !
What baou the one nxet to the shoppin center ?
- Suonds greta .
See y the at hal past s ?
- Ok , see you latre tehn .
Michael grabbed his coat na rcpet out of si hosu in orde not to wake up hi parents .
He remembered that he still da n't studied fo ihs chemistry test .
Micahe closed the door adn knew at that moment he had med a terrible mistake .
According to Ferguson et al ( 2013 ) , deiatry nirtate ( On- ) supplementaoin , via its reduction to nitrtie ( NO- ) and subsequent convesrion to nirtic oxide ( NO ) , redcuse blood pressure .
Bond , Morotn nad Braakhuis ( 2012 ) alos rague that ntirate is considered a potent vasodilator .
ht reaos fro this is that teh intric ixde relase blood vessels na dilase htem , whi hleps the bolo flow moer easily and lower lboo pressure .
uhs , ht induced vasodilation m affetc both systolic nad diastolic bldo pressure aetr xeercise .
Nevertheless , a sutyd by The New Engalnd Journal of Medicine calmis tta only diastolic blood pressure is affcetde by tirate suplpemen , sniec they d not fi in their tsudy a significant change to systloic blodo pressure faetr nitrate suppleemntatino in healtyh voluneters .
Surrpisinlgy , the currnet study has found significatn chnaegs in both systolic and diastolic blood pressuer post exercise .
htu , teh investment in reserahc into the influence of nitrta supplementation should continue , teh aim of which wodl be to ipmrvoe sports pefrormanec and improve quality of lfie .
In conclusion , the resutls of the present stud indciate tha supplementation of ebetroot juice has no significant fefcet on 700 m roiwgn ergomete performance .
It is uneustionable that some research fuond signfiicnat improvemenst .
In this pseent stduy , however , the woing time of the partiicpants was not sohrter than itmse without supplementation .
Ipmrotantly , serious chang in lbood altcate level were not ofnud eitre .
It w assumed aht beetroot juiec would increase oxidaoin adn wuodl reudec lactate production .
Neverhtelses , nitarte supplementation di no chang teh lactate leevl sginificantl .
Finally , it w confiemd taht nitirc oxide relaxes blood vessesl , consequently reduicng bloo pressure .
By tih action , beetorot juice m effectively protect th cardiovascular system durign exerciisn .
Despite the present findings , more researc is necessar to understand th effects of nitrate spuplementation .
By this actio , ahtleets may improve their performnace as well as their quailty of life .
edra editor ,
I read oyur article aobut techonloyg dn deucation in the newspapre yesterday nad I am writni thi eltter bceaues I strognly disagree with oyu pesronal opinion obut teachesr and education .
Due to the afc that I am stuiyng to becmoe a taecher , I ha moe mro knwolegde aobut ihs sujbect tah tohe eppole , beacuse I am in t shcool classroom every ady and I fac ht reality of it verey da .
To gein tih , I agree with you th technology sometime makes the edactional process esaire and more pleasant in htta stduents have no idea taht thye aer broaednign their knowledge .
Of course , I make use of a computer na projector during my dial tecahnig , becuase tihs is a plaesnat and entertaining activity ofr cihldren .
However , my objection is that intercaitve elarnign is not th on wya of chidlern to be decuated .
The traditional educational process am sometimes seem to be boring and dull of hcildren , ubt a aecher shodl be a part of thi procses as a guide .
Without teacher ' ugidnace , self - utdy ya cause some prbolems for children , suhc as psosible misundesrtandings .
Networke educationla content is to safe at la .
It is common for childrne to watch voiletn scenes .
So , the teacher is a necessary part of the educitonal rpcoess .
Nowaadys , uong people graduat form nuiveristies , adn come up iwt new a innovative idaes abuo ht deucaitonal rpocess , an so , the tardtiion wil be pudtaed in the following years .
To be omre precise , new educational mehtosd poromte the students ' teamwkr .
In othre word , students have the opportinty to discuss with thri lcasmsates in ord to solve a mahtemaitcal problem in cooperation or to tkl about a subcet .
ufrthermor , when it 's necessayr , good tsudnets can lep thei calssamtes to improve themselev .
In hti kind of edutaion , the teacher is only eh guide woh helps sutdents to discoev the information on hteri own .
Furtherroe , it ameks cihldre more scoiabl .
In cnotrsat , interacitve learning may bring moe advanatges , but it acn asl amk childern antisocla , becaes thye lran on their won witohu the ened to be in school with other people .
htey do n't need to co - operate and to work as a team .
Tihs is da , because it wlil be necessary to owkr as eta in their future job and th hte lil face serious communication prbolem .
To smu up , I am not against interactive learnign a the es of technology .
My pesronal opinoin is thsi it is not sufficient to cover hte education process .
I think that it is efficient wehn tehre is a combination of traditinoal edcuatio dn interactive learinng .
ht " Caop de Mart " soprst centre
Th " Cpmo de Marte " sprost ecntr in ilma is the perfe lpac of young poelpe w rae keen on soprts a for hte ones who owudl like to take up a sport .
This is a godo otpino , especially during the sumretime .
While doi these actiivties , teenagers will easily mkae enw friends and develop we skills .
Also , this is a healhty w of getting fit .
ihs sprots ecnter providse a huge variety of physical activities .
Oen of thsee is athletics . "
Cmap de Marte " is on of eh we places in mia where oyu ca prcaties tahletics professionally .
Besides , oyu ahev the chacn to atke part in interantoinal comeptiitons if yuo stand ou .
Another miportant activity is swimming .
oy can rpactise it in a se - Olympi swimming poo , whihc is alwasy clena nad protected against the usnligth .
However , durnig eh winter it acn be not warm enough to sw properly .
I strongl recommend young pepol to cohose sptrs in wihch oyu can be part of a team .
htis xeperience owudl taech uo how to work tih differnet kinds of ppole .
Dea Mr Wallsi ,
Than you so umhc for thsi opportunity . I am very gratefu for everything .
I thin English is , in fa , very important becaues , first of all , despite not ebing eh mots spoken language in the worl , it is the official lnaguaeg in a alrge number of countries .
Most of th ocntetn proudecd on ht niternet ( 50% ) is in English and , lats but ont least , alohugh learnin English can be cahllenging and steals some of ou precious item , we can ee that it is alos very valualbe to learn and can laos rceaet many opoprutnities .
Aobu hte accomomdation . We talked adn decdide thta we woul prefer to be with English - speakin familie ebacuse of eh great opportuinty it is for everyone to actually test thei speaking skills .
This is a on in a lifetime opportunity and I am certani tah we iwl cherish every scenod of every minute theer .
I was actually about to eamli y about the activities that a benig planned .
Regarding the students ' preferences , htye all love hte outdoors , lik pakrs and rivers , and teh aos love a good museum ebcasue of htei htisrt fro knowledge .
All in a , anything that will keep them away from benig bored and ahving nothing to do .
Concerning this amazing tri , I noly have two questions left tsarting with th weathre , considering your experience with the changes happening at tih time of the yae , and t second na last , abotu what ytep of lcothes y recommend , which is of gerta importnace primarily to our female students .
Yours sinecreyl
Margaret Dunn
I agree wht the statmeent abev to some extent .
On ht positive sdi , traleling by ac is more relaxingj because you do not hev to rely on others to drive for uo .
Atcually , you ahv mer freedom as to which roads to chosoe na you can have braek whenever yuo feel a need fo some time off ht street .
In addition , driivng by yoursel you are not limited by the stations oy hvae to visit .
Going by train , ofr xemaple , yuo nee to get to the next tari attion and , afterwards , form eh destinatoin train station to your final edstination .
Ofte enough , you hvae to erly on othre services , suc as buses or taxi , to reach your destination .
On hte othre hand , usin public transportaiton is good for hte evniromnent beacuse the omunt of ags , eletcricity and othe material used is a lot lower per head .
Furthermo , you have hte chance to tek a nap , do soem owr or watch TV while yo are ebign rtansportde .
Moreov , you acn be lcuky enuog to vaoi big traffic ajms , especailly if yuo are taking teh tarni .
Avoiding tarffic jmas , constructoi istes , accidents and othre obstacels you may be aefcted by may result in a shoret amount of time spent travelling .
As a cocnlusoin , y cuol say publci tarnsport will ahv its uses even in hte fuutre . While giogn by car m be mo comfortable from time to tiem , the reasons I tsaetd abvo aed me to th conclusion htat public transpor is neecssray .
It is poplualry beliveed that hte golden era of pbuli rtansporattion will edn soon ude to the heavy u of auotmobilse suc as acr , cabs a van .
Puilc transportation modes liek trains an busse have been immensely helpuf to t egnreal upbli thorughout the aps couple of decades .
On eh other han , rtavleling by car is getitng f omr popular thna it ever was tih hte development of scienc and tehcnolog .
People woh are baes in rural dn remote areas alwasy prfeer to su upblic transoprtatino , according to rseearchres fro Columbia Unvierstiy .
Howevre , in some countries , public transporttaio is a ngihmtare beacuse it has not bne maintained by ht governments properly . This is no of teh main reaosns hwic ha lde people to sue eprosnal vehciels rather tah reylign on public trasnportatoin .
Not noyl epople in uontries wher there is poor public transporattion , but alos in the most developed countires , theer is a great tendency to sue cars instead of deepnding on publ trasnportation .
Despite the fatc that usni cra is epxensive , amny people slil prfeer to su their own vehicles ebacuse it vaes their valuable tim .
Pbuli trnasportatoin , on t other han , takes a lot of time to tarvel from on location to naotehr .
sue of ihgh power efifceincy nad ilnear high power mapilfier ( HAp ) er griwng .
opwe efficiency and lnieartiy rae important factors in myn appliactoins cuh as cellular communication , wireles communication .
Hihger power efficiency and lineairty cuase decraesed powe consumption , incerased lifetime adn reudctino of tnerference cnanels .
The Class - E powre ampilfeir satisfies those goals with linearity techniques .
Class - E power pmlifier PAs work as a switch an ca obtain , theoretcially , 100% pow fficiency . hte lcsas - E powre amplfieir ( PA ) was introudced by Sokal in 1975 .
Thes PAs wrok as a iwtch and c tbain 10% Drain Effiicecny , in theory .
Howeve , in practice ehre ar osme limitations , ushc as switch on resistance and avriou power losses that prevent achievin 100% rdain Efficiency .
Secre agents ahev often ebne chosne as ht ma characters in stories and films , such as the James nod ones , wcih managed to be really usccessful .
But what exactly makes spy stroies so afscinatin ?
Theer could be a lot of reasons , lki t ieda of living in an avdenturous ya or doing tihngs in sercte . But in real life , wah nid of person does a esrcet agent ahev to be ?
First of all , ebing a spy qeuires spceial skills ; not everybody is suitlbe for this iknd of life .
For nistanc , ht abliity to ebar obt physical a pyschologcial stress is nto something uo can easily leran .
In ht same w , a escert agnet has to be bale to take risks when required .
Therefore , bravery is very important : onobdy needs a feafrul yp .
A secret agent works undercover , so his most important quality is possessing great ksil at lying .
Besidse , since ihs owrk is secret , he ca n't lte anybody , inclunig fmaily dn friend , onw aobut it .
So , althoguh teh ilfe of escret agents may seem fascinating dn exicitng , it is als difficult a risky and not so smiple as the one shwo in films .
