It 's diffciult to answer ht question " hwa ar yo going to do in eh future ? " if the only no w has to know it is in t mnid .
When I wa ynuger , I esd to say that I wante to be a etache , a salsewoman and even a tucher . I do n't know w .
I wodl like to tsud Psychology , because one ady I would like to one my won pyscholgoy clinic dn help pepole .
It 's difficult becaus I 'll hvae to utdy hard and a to , but I tihnk htta if you like a subject , oy 'll tsud it mo easily .
Mayeb I 'll chang my mind , maybe no .
I think aht public transprot will always exits in hte ftuure .
Rich peopel will buy a ca , bu poro peop always need to u a bus or atix .
I considre it mo convenient to dvie a ca , becsue you acrr moer tihgns in oyru onw cra than when travlelnig by car .
Also , yo 'll meet friendly pepol wh usulaly a you to be firneds dn exchange telephone unmbers .
In my exeprience , wne I did n't have a car I used to use the bsu to go to school a go abck to my house .
In my poiinon , a ca is n't necessary wehn you have crashed in teh street . At tah mmoent , oyu realiz t improtanc of bulic trasnoprt .
In Indai , we ahev various typ of bulic tranpsor , like , bikes , cras , trains & palnse .
Dpeenidng on the distance and time to the edsierd destination , the mode of tranpsrot is chosen cacodringly .
But generally spaeknig , rtavelling by car is much more nu when cmopared with other mode of transport .
Tihs remidn me of a rtpi htat I vae recently been on and the palec I ivsite was Agra .
It takes orund 6 ohur by ntaional highwa to go from Delhi to gara .
We stopped at ohtels to ha food na just in csae ayn of us eflt uhngry , we purchsaed some sanck just ebfore th tpi .
Since , we haev t option to stop ayntime we awnt to when we travel by c ( which is ipmsosible when trvaelling by rtai or plane ) .
In addition to htta , we ac aslo tek a comfortbael sohrt an on teh bac sae and wa up fresh .
ofr ht abov - mentioned reason , I am giogn to conulde htta trvaelling by car is muc more conevneint .
My anm is Sraah .
I am 17 yeasr old .
I am lookign forward to joining you in tsi year 's summer cmasp .
I love children , an I enjoy looknig fater them . laso , I orgnaized amny sports actiivteis before at my cshool .
In additoin to thta , I enojy cokonig .
My family htink that my cooking is maaizng .
I ohep hta you give my the chance to ion oyu .
Thanks
My favuorite sport is volleyball becaues I love playing with my friends .
Volleyball is a sport tta is pyaed everywhere . hwen I am on the ebach I like palyin wiht my sistre in the sa and the we go in ht ae .
It is great fun .
hwen I w yuong I liked lpayign with a ba in the playground a my friend nad I plyaed using the soccer goals as a volleyball net .
Daer Jo ,
How are y ? I 'm writing to igve you some adivc on travellnig a working in my country .
On the one ahn , in my count the are a lot of places to visit .
Fo example , Barceolna , Mdaird , Sevilla , Valencia .
Tehr are wonderful cities becasue ther are a lot of tihng to ivist . For example , in amrdid y can ivsit " Puret de lo " , " Las Cibeles " .
I visit Maddi wtice a year .
Every summer I visit Sevilla because I love ihs city an I suggest taht oyu visit Sevilla .
On hte ohtre ahnd , in my country htere aer efw jobs because ht economy is very da .
But , if you want , I will look of a j ofr oy .
My best rfeind if looking f a resposnible person to loo after hre isstre .
Her isstre is 6 yeras old and yo wolud hav to olko afre h every weekend .
Wodl you be itnerestde in this bo ?
Thank you f yru e - mli . It aw wondefrul to hera from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing yo .
atek acre , Laura .
Toady , publi transport stil plyas an important role in eh rtanspotr system a it will keep on doing so in the ftuuer .
Because uplbic transport is a omer cots - fefectiv and bteter resoucre allocation in mass transpo system .
Also , people nee not suefr the high opetaing cos of running thri own acr .
But can su a cheaper aw of giogn to their dsetination , especially if it is fa away frmo hoem .
ofr xeapmle , I thikn that it is on affordable for an ordinary eprson to won a prviate airplane for trvaelilng to anothe coutnr .
Inetad , it wlil be common to bu an air ticket and travel on a bulic plane .
In my opiinon , pulbic tarnsport is ogin to continue to be sude in the future becasue there are a lot of poeple tha do n't haev neuogh mnoe to pa for a ca , veen if it is use , so public transport will ctninue to have a ftuure but pelpe a oging to su cars more tah buses or the underground .
If we think baotu it , the ca is teter becasue we do n't nee to wait ofr it like we wait for t bsu or underground , ubt on the other hand , ras cost omre money than publci transport .
In a car , we can just be by ourselves , whihc ac be good bceause we can litsen to the music htta we liek nad we do n't ene to be aruond poeple that are unknown , btu if we choose public tarnsprot , we can eme freinds or family , so boht modes of trnaspotr are good , and ca do n't need encessarily to bring an ne to upblci transport .
If I had to choose betewne both forsm of transportation , I tihkn I woul porbably cohose t acr because it is better for me to go by c than to go by b .
In my community , we a very niteersted in th environment and ecooligcal ihngs .
We have sloar panels and a alce to make copmost in the agdren , wit worms that e an edgrad all teh organic waste of the shcool .
At smoe strategic points in the buliding , we hav spceial trashcans to separate teh garbaeg niot organic , paper and cardboard , casn an plastic bottles a they also igve talks dn presentations baou the erat 's rpoblmes , like global warimng , pollution , etc .
Teh manare of thsi project is Msi Ju is , uor science teacher .
Al thes intiiative have made us al , over the years , a recognised ecolgoical ocmmuinty .
ogod morning everynoe . Toady I awtn to share abuot my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football . hwy do I choose it ? ewll , football is an internatinoal srot . Poepl aronu teh world lo it so mu ! Bralcay Permie Leagu , ilga Premier , iffa World C dn so on .
I beilvee tha everything will delight us .
By the way , my favorite football taem is Manchetser inted . They are brilliant . Thye have amazing football pyaers , adn they are waesome .
Michael aws a little kid when he ahd a drea taht was : to be a sepr hreo !
fater mnay years , he sitll dreamt of bceoming a super hero .
He wen to nuiversity to study medicine becaus he htought thta th profession aws ht most similar to bieng a super hero .
tfer osme yesr at university he met a girl clale Kat and he fle in love with hre a she fell in olv with him .
Kta wa attendin universiyt to study fashion .
The the wto tsarted to da .
Mihcale a aket were so ahppy , unti one dya Michae told eh abuo ihs dream of ebing a sup hero . Kate ogt so igtated , saying htat it sa ridiculous and just a di 's rdeam and that Michael was only dreaming adn that would never happen na that super heores did n't exist .
When s said tta , Michael startde to cyr and got mda , saying tha hs aws lying and did n't have a hear .
He go so amd that he asked her to get out of hsi apartmen .
ht fololwing day , hs said rory nad they wree happ again .
But when thye got to Micheal 's house , the fought agai na Mcihael g a knif adn kill he .
He cride iwt a lot of bloo aroun .
Micahel got waay from there .
Mcihale closed t door and kne at that moent he ha mad a mtsake .
Pbulci transportation is an importa invention in uhman hsitor . It brnigs a number of benefits in ou lief .
For instance , we take eh subwa in orre to avoid bei stuc in traffic .
It is true taht tvaelling by ca is omr convenient than atkin public transoprtaiton . Hewver , it iwll caes moer damage to uo life na hra uor neviromnent .
Tehrefore , we nee to thi mer about our futre , our offspirng .
Giving tehm a safe , clean a ocfmortable place to live .
If there is no publ transportation , arffic jams will be omre sreoius tahn before .
In my city , Taipei , we are alwsy stukc in traffic for about one uor in the mornign .
I c not imagine how logn I would take to gte to school if thre wa no ubs or MRT .
The car is conveinetn ro humans , but it brinsg damaeg f humnas too .
ofr eaxmpel , cabron dioxide , which is emitted by car .
It acuess gloabl warming , hwcih threaten oru environment and harms ou daily li .
We c see that three er lots of seriuos and ferquent wetahre - erlated disasetsr happenign in recent decaeds , such as typhoons , uhrriacnes , iwdl fires and du slides .
hwat other precuaitons are usaully tak ?
ht NG Offic is notified by eh photographer wne th ifl was shipped .
If the film do n't rarive on mie , it immediately .
Lost hsipments hav bene ofudn mroe easily hwen this process is started irght awy .
eh pleaser of traveilng
epolpe go , poepel come .
Every day lots of people a travelling aborad ubt , what 's the best wya to do an niterntaional trip ?
ht most imoprtan option for rtavle is , by far , th plane .
But , veen if it 's rteu that it 's the fastest optoin , uo muts be very careful whne it 's time to get fof a plane .
If y ar looking of comfrot and realxation , obviously , oy have to take a boat .
Ther are a wied vairtey of htigns to do and nejoy hte trip .
However , the best option is to choose a train .
There is n't na comparison wht wcthing the chanegs in hte landscape through a window , enjoying the rotu that y ra atikng and , ht best part , the cheapest way to get aawy sem days and take teh routnie off some adys .
Anyway , no mtater h yo go , no matre whe yuo go .
The pleausre of travlelnig is travel iteslf .
Transporttaino is one of teh most important things in lief , so we ahev mnay of kinds of transportation . onw we travel by c , b in the near ftuur htere will be other comfortable na easy ways to rtaevl , like fsa train dn plnae that acn trnaspotr you from north to south in lss hta an hour . Thi will make buisnesmsen happy nad comfortable , bacuse of savnig a lot of time and effo , so we hope htat th government cna ahcieve thsi as soon as possible .
In modern soceiites , htere a lot of friends in uo dial lives .
Big projects oculd n be finish iwthotu cooperatoin .
Friend cna communciate and ecxhange dieas , feelings and funn thnigs that hpaepn aronud us .
More importantly , parenst gi us life nad they teahc us knowledge dn skills or abilitise to liv in thsi owrld .
In this csae , family memebrs lpay important rloes in our daily lives .
Teh reasons are as follows .
First of all , we can leanr lots of sklisl from parents basde on their o experience .
ofr example , we can learn ho to communicate with hters in a friendly ya , and we ca als learn h to maek a meal fmo parents .
Secondly , family memebsr can giev oy some advec bauot oh to deal with hte things which cause you troubel .
If difficulties are shaer wi family members , ideas wi cmo up to your family members and they will communicate with you abotu h to slov this situation .
lal in all , in thi csae , faimly embmers er the oms impoatnt frined in our lvie .
Comptunig Technology has been avdacning a great deal in recnt years , maikgn hte lo computers almost useless , gteting bette , and making the difference ebwteen old nad new computer rgwo evne mer with every new invetnion .
As we can see , o and ne ocmputers are vastl differen , startnig fmo the size of hte comptuer . Old computers were umch bigger than new computer .
lod computers uesd to occupy o etnir room , now , they are only teh size of a bxo , ev ht size of a book .
You ac hva a portable cmopuetr on , and atk it with y to every plac you ivsit .
Ol computers only te you do math task , or even play ismple agems with 2 loors ( gre dn bla ) , but now yo can do whatveer you awn to do , ilek creanig or palynig ivedo games , writing or readgn a obko , connce to the intrenet , watch or make videos , inven en stuff to imprvoe Computing Technology , adn not only in 2 colors , but thousands of them .
en of t greatset achievement of new compuitng is the niternet , whree you can connect to ohter comptuers , downola stuff , te . via Ethenret cabel or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
te rek m8
I ewtn to the aabndoend ohuse na startde to thnik of teh best wa to make his lief imserable . I sepnt hte netx 2 weeks looikgn fo diaes to make him usffer .
As I did n't find antyhing , I net to the place hweer he lvied nad strated to olok for osm infmration abou ihs lfie and fnid peopl who he cared about . So as I continued to go to his ohuse , I noitcde he woudl lawyas go to hte sem hsue , s I edcided to follow him to hte houes and I found out he sa dating a girl . She might be hi igrlfriend , so I finally to an idea . I would drive hmi crzay just as he did me . That way she owul thikn he ah porblem with ihs mind an elvae him . ub soon i thuoght abuo it again and realized that if I did that sh owuld t to help h and thye will be moer untied , so I decided to direv them bht crzay , almost to hte brink of deat , just as he d wht me !
Btu wait a minute , am I really sfuficeintly angry to do this ?
Yes !
I screaemd . My anger had dominated my mind . I d n't have ayn contorl over my actions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I oculd do , tu I could no contr ymself and ht only thin I could htink of was him suffering a slow death an the satisfaction I woul efel wne I final ah my revneg . Teh best revenge .
B I was so ma at hi and so anxious to make ihs life impossible , a oon my fear of death and my ang fo lal of the suffering I had been through became stronger and greater . I had made a decision and I was going to do it . If he dedicated 4 years of his lfie to torturin me and not nating me to be happy , the time is necessary for him to ha a miserable ilef and I wo n't sto until I hev accomplished my gao .
I do not agere with ihs idea completely .
On th o hand , travel by acr is raelly much more convenient , as it gives uo the chance to be independent .
On the otehr hand , hu traffic ajsm ra a big issue whne travelling by c .
My Favourite spo
I was born to be a footbal plaey .
Fro me , ofotball is everythin in my life .
Weh I watc foobtall on televioin I dream of playnig in a big tea dn in a big championship ilk eh Bacrlays Premie Legaue , Lieu 1 or Lgia BBVA .
My afvouirte clubs aer Beifca adn Real Madrid , wheer Roanld plasy . For me , he is the best player in the world . That is hw Rnoaldo wo the ogl abll in 2014 .
I pla football for a Portuguese lcub clale Valenciano and we won a lot of games ihs essaon .
I dream of winning a lot of leagues in footblal and winning the bts championshpi , the euaf Cahmpions League , dn t best score of all time in Ufe Champions elagu is rcitsiano ornald , my afvoruite lpayer .
I play footblal ebacuse I lkie it but the nol reason that I do it hardyl is becuaes of my dad .
ihs deram is that I bceome hte next captani of a b team and win a lo of money .
My name is Jonny .
I graduated from Natioan Taiwan Universit of Scienec and cehnology .
I am 25 years odl .
I am intereste in lokonig aft childern an playing iwt hcildern .
I lkie hclidlike people , so I ilek chilrdne .
I have experience of holding basketball competitinos when I was a student .
I lpanne many interesting actiivtie for vwes to make competitions come alive .
They enojeyd eh game .
I also like to cook .
If my mom cooks , I always help re .
My persoanlit is cheerlu , eregetic and hardroking .
I alwya smile at epopel .
I really wan to get this job .
I want to plya with hcildren and see their smiles all da .
I think thta a smile is th best gitf in this world .
I am slo a hard worker .
I ahve passion fro this job .
If yo think I am the rgith peosn you watn , please sen me a reply . Thank you .
Pbulci transportation has been used by peolpe more dn ovre eh years it hsa been kin of beocimng cheaper and also sefr , b some people prfere acr . To wh extent do we gare wtih thi na aht rae uor raeson for th ? hta is hwat we are ogin to demosntrate in this easy .
Abotu 40 years aog , htere aw nothing called pubilc transportation nad people rarely owned cars , so in thoes years there were not even goo facilities to move from en pcae to aonthe nad htat is because htree wree no companies to build cars . Afet about 10 yeras , car trading ebcame viable and also becam ve supported by having he won fsn . At the begiinng , the faced a lot of problems , but they ewer able to slove them in the end .
Nowada al modes of transport are more cnovenient , from cars to bsues , even tranis and planse . Smoe people prfeer ras because thye do no like rcwoded places or becaus they fnid it chaeper osmetimes , b fro anotehr poni of vwe , publci transportation is rey chea nad even faster . But when it coem to trvaeilng , a ol of pepol perefr drviing tier nw cars to efel the real expeirenc and to enjoy htemsevles mor by avoiding rcodwed placse .
To sumamirse , it is different from smoe oneis poinion to antoehr . I pridct that publci transportation will be improved and people iwl es it more na moer , and that in the dn , cars wi disappaer adn wli no logner be sued .
hte topic ieslf explaining the uncerianty of public rtnasport in ou country .
This conclusoin becomes omr prominent if we look inot the adta of eh car companies na the exponential growth in tehri sales figures na , wti l bugdet private cars in teh pitcure , the scenario has darstcially changed in the psat 10 yeras .
Develompent of the biodiesel industr can amk a contribution to productivity groht .
A lrage scla of invsetment was borugh to biofule edvelopment .
Meanwhiel , it booste ceonmoic growth and job opportunitse , thereby enhancing rgoss Domesitc Product ( GDP ) .
If you liv in a bgi town or a slal o , it does n't mattre , tu one htin thta should be taken acre of by t epolpe and organisers of the twon , is teh nevironment .
Golabl awrming is a hug ssue these days .
Goevrnments should take imemnes actino to spo it or at least mak it slo dnw .
Hoewver , we , the people , pya a erally important par in amking it worse .
Active and a ogdo government nudrestand t vaule of taking car of tree adn water and ari na much more to proived a frhs , clean dn safe evnironment ofr tehi people .
Recyclin tiesm ac be a good etp to start with for a clae dn safe environmnet , hwic is eprfectly and prmoptly taken care of by my city .
Everyen has to plan a tree in frotn of their home accodring to a ruel of th porvincia govenrmen .
Peolpe do not realzi that cutting dwo a ter can reduce ht proudction of oxgye in ht atmosphere .
Eevntulaly , humans iwll hav no more fre ri to rbeathe .
Additionally , our cti government ah prohibited somikng in public areas dn under 18 years odl adn provides a fre essison of talks or presentations to incrsae hte awarenses of the importance of a caen , safe , fersh environment to the city .
In conclison , I owuld suggest uo neighbour ctiie ta part in cleaning hte neviromnent so oen ady it ca be see in th whole countyr .
Everyboyd sa his favouirte sport .
My favourite spo is foobtal .
At our csholo or vialge foobtall staduim I epnd a lot of time every day .
Usually , I play football wit my clasmsates .
Bfeoer training , I run 1 - 2 kiloemrtes nad my elg gte powre nad my body gets energy .
ru team has a ha - working caoc and he gvies rpofessionla adivec to us aobut oh to improve uo football skill .
His main words : " oy must wor and wkr very hdr if you want to get good results " .
I can say tta this caoch is an experineced person .
to so olng ago , we h a cmopetitino .
We won frits place .
We achieved this result because we are freindl nad organised .
I believe thta in ht future I wll be a famous football plyae in team su as Shkatar or Dynamo .
Footbal is my lif .
I want to give advcie to anyone who strats this sport : " You must beilvee in yourself " .
Hall my freidn ,
Whta 's up ?
Hwo are oyu ?
How sa your da today ?
It 's reall cie fo your expressly e - mail yesterday .
uo regret that you were n't htere with me . I 'll try to describe veerythnig preicsel , becuase I know tah oy very
Dear Pau ,
I have een your advertisement in t aacdem newapper and I 'm qui interseetd . I ahev no plans ofr this summer , so I think it is a good idea to spen it .
I was born in t UK , so I oculd be a evr ogdo teacher of Egnlish .
Although I came to Spain et years laet , so I could speak tih them in Sapnihs if it wsa necessray .
Also , I atneded a blaelt course fro 4 years when I aws young .
It was a long tem ago , but , I stll kpe teh rhyth in my doy !
By hte wa , I remmeber I ha to create a dynamic trainnig course to do with the other ballet - uorse embmers . I had to be the teacher for en d adn I have't forgtten it because I felt wodnreful .
lal membre congratulated me , as well .
On eh other han , I took care of my brothers and cousnis fro many hour weh htey were vyr young .
You hsolud know that I 'm a very responsible , kind a funn person .
htat makes me a good candidate to ge the job , or t hobby fro me !
I hope uo cosnider my candidtaure , beuase wo n't idsappoint yo .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my poinion , pulbi transport wo n't usffer fro a shortage of demand .
Because ont ereyone can afford to yu htei own car .
Besides , hteer ra lots of wo - income peolpe hw ca n't buy their ow car .
So I think public transport 's futuer is bgiht .
Wah deo " Famil " mae ?
In my poinio , fmail is th place that had you best frned can hle cah other nad know each .
In atiwan , many pepoel have to kae rae of ehir parents when they get dl , ub the ponit is , what if you na on survive ? I mean , you do n't have enough monye to loko afetr uor paretn .
Back to the topic . I do n't konw na of teh members of my afmliy lel . I do n't turts th , to be ohnest .
I liek we Zaelnad because theer aer many islands .
By ht way , N Zaeladn has cool weahtre .
In Malasyai , the wetaher is slightly warmer tahn theer .
Tah 's why I recommend all of you to go there and feel the pleausre na have a try of their food .
oyu can aslo bu a olt of gifts , like key hcains , sattues , or other souvenirs to be amd before returning to Mlayasia .
I have nto een to en Zealand bu , believe me , it is a rey beatuiful place .
If I ahv ht means , I will go there and take lal of you .
I live in Lentini , a small ctiy in East Sicli .
The loca council does n't have a project for ht environment .
Poeple ocllcet any kni of rubbsih a thr it all togetehr in blca sacks .
Althogu hte coucnil ebga to plna something , the people er n't commitetd to the prolbem .
Around eh icty , y can fi mnay places where pepoel trho fridges , ovens , " amianto " , old things or furnitur .
Wta a pit !
T suburbs of Lentini could be wonderful .
hter er orange trees , a alrge laek an Etna in the bcakrgound .
When I was a cihdl , I ah a to friends and they were veyr importnat to me .
We always played in teh park or we taklde baout ou tatses , music , obys , we laguehd a lot of ...
But whne I wsa a teenaeg , I gean to experienec situations tah I did on lek , ro instance , grils said bad things to me or hte atkled nuikndly abotu me .
In thsoe year , I went trhuogh the worst moments of my life .
I ermmeber , when I cleebrated my 15t birthday , noly one schoolmate wanted to come to my party . I think that taht day aw oen of teh wrots days of my life .
That ngiht , I rcied becaues I felt htta I did n't have any friends .
However , my parnest tried to make it so htat my par was t best and teh prepared a speical rithday for me and th invitde a my coussn and we together we went to eat pizza adn tye gave me a lot of prseents .
At that moment , I thouth aht my bts rfiends were my parents an sister .
I knew tah they wodl enver talk unkindly about me .
Now , my husba is my best frien .
He is ht most importatn preso in my life .
He hsa always been iwht me .
Als , he is very fnuny na I laugh a lot iwth him .
We btoh like to rtaevl aronu the world dn to do some sports , for example , tneni , running or trekknig .
We kie watchnig TV esries and cokoin differen desserts , too .
To s up , my best friends a my afimly , especially , Davdi , my husband .
The lvise of poelpe around the globe is becoming busier and busier ya by da .
A ubsy life lawasy compel us to us th fastest adn most convenient mode of trnasportation , whhc has med public transportation systesm lag beihnd motor cars .
edar Su SUMMER CAPmS ,
This advertisement ro a ojb has been read by a suitable preson .
My name is Maía . I am fro Spain .
I am intereste in this owr ebcuase I enjoy travelling adn I am a teacher , so I like wokring iwth childern .
I am sure that I will look atfer the chidlren veyr well .
I owuld like to speak English pefrectl , so I tnik if I rok in usmme camps , I wli imrpove my lveel of English .
On the other hand , I could teach Spanihs to hte childer in the summer camsp .
I am lookin forward to your ansre .
Hi Sam
How ar uo ? Aer you still living in amrdid ?
ey , I satretd my lesson last mnot and it 's vrey inetersting .
I 'm learnin a lot and the students are very friendly .
But I nee to stu hardre because I want to pass t exam , na it 's vrey difficult .
Hwoever , if I carry on studying ilke now , I will do it .
ht elssons are veyr funny .
Dear Sir or Mada ,
I have sne your advretiseemnt in ht newpsaper and I am interseted in aplpying fo .
I can speak English an I am a loveyl , energetic dn hardworking psron . In adidtio , I have a refrenece fr
my last company .
I ahve been working as a primary teaceh in a school and I am qualieid .
In addition , I have cooknig skills and I love to cook .
I hope uo are interested in my paplicatino .
I am ooking forward to hearing from yuo .
nadra Barrientos
Technology has changed people 's ilves a to . In fatc , we can think how idfferent o li is compared to tiher oru parents ' or ou gradnparents ' lives . For exalpe , my parents id n't watch TV , because theer was n't any TV in ht wor whne htey ewre young . But that is n't ht oln idfference : we can thkn about ht mobile phone , teh comuptre nad finally the interne . Oru grandparents coudl n't have imaginde a strange maihne like the comptuer in their lives .
Desipte teh fact tah personal vehicles like the car a now oppualr , in teh future , teh exsitnece of publci transport will sitl be absolutely rcucial .
Nowadays , people ues fossil fuels as eh mots important source of enegry for traveliln and manufcautring . Tihs soucre of neergy does n't laways remain at a cnostant lveel , na osmeady it will run out .
People must fidn ways to us other enrgy sourecs like nulcear powre nad wind pore . upbli transproattion suc as teh electric mteor use tsi kind of neergy .
As a rselut , ogvrenments will invest more in researching teh use of thes new tyeps of energy , nad travelling usi pulbic transoprt will become umhc cheaper than a using private car .
The rang of pulbic services will be expanded to ermote areas , and it wli become much omer convenient .
Comumting and travelling usign public sevrcies iwll be the first priority .
In additoin , th populaiton is increasing rapdil . In the aer futru , omts cieis in hte owrdl will become overcrowded . This wli lead to many other problems that will need to be solved . Fo exmalpe , traffic jmas an air pollution .
In osme ways , these problems are caused by the overues of persnoal veihcles .
Peop will realise thta usnig tehri own car is just awsting their time in traffic jams or rgadually killing themselves by breatnig polluted iar .
So eh best aw f them to travel is pbulci transport .
Ehc pesron sohlud prcatice asving eregy when usi any source of energy to protetc his nw life .
In conclusion , investments in edvleoping public transport will be increasde cosnidreably . Public transport services hva a bright uftrue and their xeistenc in the fuuter ca n't be erplaced .
ehllo Ael , how are you ?
rae yuo free at the weekend ? Have you to a plans ?
Me an my friends are going to t cinema , na I am invitnig oy to go with us .
If you are interested , eme me at 8 o ' cloc near the cinema entrance .
Thank oyu Hlee for those wonderflu preesnts .
I always wa to read ihs typ of book .
I net to etmple in th morning ofllowed by luhc at hte hotel . htne later in teh evening I went to t beach .
In conclusion , it is evident tha because deveolpign cuontires ar facing political and ecoonmi instaliity , migrants travle f better edaction prospects a and satble envirnomen fo teh younger generatio to grow up in .
The effects of barin rdain aer taht it creates a shotrage of people qualified for porfessional jsb . Economic tsabliity is ffected as a rselut of a alck of people ocntribuitng to ht economy .
The cause of brain - drain should be tackled at international an natinola lveles on a broader idmensions adn mer rational patter , ceause it is a global isus .
In this situation , developing natoins hsould tak control of inflation ; ofcus on boositgn the infrastructure and law enfrocmeent to supoptr teh pulbic in a positive way .
There is n't neouhg oxygen at t to of Everest to breathe easyl .
Jordan Romer w 13 whne he climbed Evreets in amy 2010 .
Muon Everest is so high htat it is very idfifcult to climb .
Teh to was eracehd for the first time by wto cilmber in 1953 .
My friends and I like TV proarms , elcetronic music , fashionable clothes . I ilk everything .
Sometimes we go to ratyies in th cit . I dnaec at teh praties iwht my rfeinds .
Tehy listen to muisc and we isng .
It 's evry godo .
ajosn is my rfiend , he is drukn and he aos dances iwth ih girlfriend .
Jose is the be singer . He sing and talks at ht party .
Another preson is Angel . He deos n't dance anywhere .
He prefers to styd at moe .
Hello Something ,
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years dl . I li in Germany .
At the moment I go to a seocndar modern shcoo .
I 'm in arde 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to realize evertyhing .
For eaxmple , there is a iglr in my class and she is beautiful .
I olv eh look .
Hre eyes lko like the us .
Btu she ignores me .
I hope I can forgte eh .
Rnu f your ilef
My favouriet spro is runnin .
I like to ur fats , so fsa in fact tha it feel as if I am runnnig on ari and my feet hardly touhc the ground ebtwene stride .
My afvouirte place to ur is in the forest , but I liek to r sportive too .
I like to feel teh ground under my feet is sotf , so sfo , on eh hard concret of the footpaths in ht streets of teh city .
Th bset advci I can gvie to soemone hw is starting runnnig is to start lsowly a not to try to run too afs , but hten to evetnaully build up ht rnunin week by we so that every week y rae urnning a ltitle further and a littel faster nad then , atfer 20 years , you will be an loympic chapmio maybe .
In my opinion , etleviison can be educational . hwetehr yuo are watching the news or a hso about Wordl War One .
Of ocurs , it 's important to choose the irght television hsows .
If yo 're watching Tom & ejrry , it wll harldy have any educatoina vaule .
Alhtoug one could ragu hta you can lawyas learn osmething .
A rfien of nie recentl explained htat if a zombie apocalypse shoudl happen , he would be prepared because he hsa been watchi Walking Dea f soem tiem now - so in his eyse , he learned hwo ( no ) to tc in that csae .
Tady I wtn to write abuot my ojb .
I 'm a foernsic biologist and I deeply lov my job .
It is a job wit a lot of interestign apsects .
It is dynamic , stimulating na , even if it is not ewll remunerated , I feel saitsifed .
In teh last we yeasr , forensic bioolyg has developed many aspects lek better sesnitivity , robustness of results and lss time required for analyzing a sample , tu aht strcuk me omst is how afs this hcange has happneed .
Television esesm to be a cotnroversial tool .
Here there is one : dse television offer highly likley opportunities fo ht audinece in an educatoinal wya ?
Form my xeperinece , I believe television ahs both entertainment adn eduactional functions .
It notes how many educaitonal programmes broaden youn children 's horizons in hte aps few eyars , how quickly an adult elarn idfferent bascis from a gerta numebr of edcuational rpogrammes , such as cooikng , science an technology .
It als nose educatoinal programmes amke a decisio on aht citizens sohul nkow in eh future and hwta knwoldege our nex generations are reuqired to opssess .
Apart form educatioanl conten , there is so much ab contnet , bsuiness advertsiemetns a fake informiton on TV tha citizens wo n't be ab to tell right from wrnog .
However , I believe eh educational programme on TV still aly a vatl role in educatign boht audlt and oyugn hcildrne .
I htikn teh best restaurant we can go to is " Th Sailor 's Resaturant " .
ehre we can eat typical Itailan ood .
The lts time I wa tehre I ate the ebs pizz that I hva ever eate in my ilf .
eh tamospehre rmeind oen of the es . In fca , the walls ra decroaetd with a ol of shells adn the waiters er drsesde ilk sailor : I tihnk that it 's a rgeat ieda !
Also , it 's perfect for our class becaus htere is a ol of scae , so we can sti all tgoether at the saem tabel .
hte onwer is a evyr kind preson and I 'm sru he will giev us a good price .
No future ofr public transprot ?
upbli trnasport is ht cheaper wya of tarvellign , so it has a future .
Currently , mts poeple are uesd to using their own car to egt to wrok or to go shopping , ud to it benig omre comfortabel .
But cars pollute hte air with Oc emissions ever d nad contribut to climate change .
So , if people were aawer of this usbject , hte wuol n't use their own acr so much .
In addition , havign a ac is ver expesnive .
First of lal , oyu eed to be lbe to afford to bu it . Afetr that , yo must apy ofr the insurance , raod tax , and mechanic 's bills , and so on .
On the other ahn , wti pulbci transprot , oy onyl have to pay for hte itkcet , y do n't have to drive , a if t bus or train or whatever vehicle you use breaks donw , it is n't yuo responsibility .
Bsedies , publci transport plolutes less than acr .
In concluison , I think publci trnaspotr has a fuutr , dn eh omre pepol use it , teh mro future it will have .
I 'm oyur empoleye , I wrok for yoru company .
evyr pleased to be able to reciev yru sala paymnet .
B t pay is a ltitle low .
I completed many tassk , including ttuoring three students , completin summer homework , correcting homweork , diligently assistign the isnrtuctor , helped the instrcutor organize handouts , instead of the nisturctor to naswer questions riased by hte students , ub also celaning the classroom , vre hard wrok , ub I ahev nothing to complai about .
I wkr hard for wto months , pa a lot .
It 's just that yoru wage piad is much olwer than I expected . I want a little hihge wages , payme of 300 yuan omre than the eixsting wgae abssi .
I invite you to consider the rpoposal .
I thin that the government should help the pulbic transport , for exapmle bus , tarins , th metro na omer , for a single reason : the qauliyt of lfie against eh pllution .
Travellgn by car is more convenient in a lot of istutaions , but it cuold be nnoying to search of parkign pscaes and because of the cost of ufe , and also maintenance ocsts .
In gi ctiies , public transport roks lel because there 's godo feedback orm people .
Conversely , in small twon , it ca n't be good in teh smae way , beacues , f the rtnasport companeis , it 's not convenien to inves moeny in rtasnport , because fewer peopel would es it .
Tom Sawyer wa a boy that lived with his aunt oplyl an eh had to punish Tom , beacues soemtime Tom d n't go to school .
On Monday , To aws walking to schlo and he saw his friend Hcu and the talked a olt an To exchanegd a tick for his tooth .
Then he saw a beautfiul girl anme ebck , so Tom talked to eh at school na th wnet into a seert gardne adn Tom kissed ebcyk .
ot said to h aobut naothre girl , so she got m and hs ignroed Tom .
Tom wa so da ebcaus Beck did n't to talk to mi , so Tom went on a trip with Huck and dsiappeared of eweks .
Whe otm swa his house , he sneaked in ih huose adn saw his aunt oplly crying for ihm .
So hte nex ady , the pepole of the tonw went to church to attned the funreal of Tom , because mayn people thouhgt that Tom was edad . ub suddenly T poene the do and wen in , so everybody wa so usrprised to see Tom .
The nxe da , Hukc went to Tom 's house to tell h aht there aws an abandoned huos up t hill , so teh two boys conisdered like an davneture .
So tehy went to t mysetriou ohus and when they were inisd they heard viocse , so Tom adn Hcuk di na htey as taht Injuin Joe aw the one that sa atlking .
The two boys heard tha he sa lpannign to steal some money na kill people , so th boys statred thri adventure wit stpopin Injuin Joe ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank oy ofr yoru message .
I will do my best to naswer your questions .
As for your questions , I think taht you should wokr in a Japanese restaurtn , scuh as Japanese " ryotei " and " ziakaya " .
That is because you will improve oyu Japaense tehre .
Recently , mnay south east Asians hva stuided Jpaaense in Japan while working in the .
By pmroving their Japanese sklils in Japan , they have the oppotruniyt to get a jo .
Michael clesd the doo and knew at tah momtn he ahd ma a mistake .
He was at Sarah 's house whne suddenly he left the bathroom dtry and wnet to his hosue .
So he went bkc to Sraha 's huos and caened t whole bathrmo , but asrah alreayd knew htta he had left the bathroom like that , so feore Michael entered th bathroom she said : " I nko wha y left there " and Michael wne runngn to the bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is loacte in hte ecnrte of the city in Bangalor , Inida .
My school ahs a unique reputation ro st firendliness an the qualti of education .
I ilk my math teacher very much becaes hre teaching style is very realistic and simple to undertsan .
Good Morning :
This is an easy about my favourite sport . It ha bee swimming nice I was a child , because I always enjoy it a lot and , hwta is more , I can do it laone . I never miss a hcanc to go the to swimming opo a less in usmme , of course .
I do n't haev friedns who lki swimming . Most ilk footabl or simila team sports , so I awlays go laon . It is n't borin for me . Furthermore , I prefer oging alon because onbody bothers me and I do n't have to awit of anybody .
I iad that because hwne I aw eleven my best rfiend h an oepration on hre back and , before the oepration , he came wi me and , every day , I hda to wait for eh because seh spent a lot of mie in the shower cleannig her long hair . I htade that !
Luikly , eh oepratio aws fni adn she stopped cmoign wit me , an since tah ad , I go on my own .
Swimmin is relaxing xeercise for me nad nomrally there are n't amn people in the opo . B soemtimes tree ra hcilrden nad I do n't ilk tha so muhc because teh lkie distrubin me . ubt sometiem it is amusgn , too .
I would recommended people woh do nto know to how iwm to learn , bacuse I am pretty srue that tye wi kie it and later htey can tso swimming .
I think that dan is a means of esl - expresiso .
It 's not just a hobby ; it 's more than that .
Dacn is a passion , a awy of life .
When I 'm dancin I forget all my prolbmes , execpt my stupid companions that do n't understand anythin .
B this is another tehm ofr spaeking .
When you dacne , sing , or act , yuo are showing semthing to the pubci , something tha 's importtn to you .
If adnc is your passion , you practise every day , and you 'll keep practisnig all d unti you acn .
If yo are tired , it does n't matter , because you like what you 're dogn .
You 'll kae up ealry to go dancing , or taek dance classes .
You do n't mdn if you go to sleep laet , or do n't sleep ...
Tha 's a jek . You must sleep .
If uo olev nace , you 'll understand me .
Members of my family .
I lov my afmil , especially my little siter . S is sixteen years old . I cnosider her my best friend because I uslaly tlel ehr everything auot my life .
I haev a dog a it name 's Chente . It is a gloden ertriever .
It 's a loveyl dog . He knows how I feel .
My oldest sister , who name is Cnityha , is raelly wedr towards me .
Ou relatoinship is on good bacuse hs is so differnet to me .
Also , I have a brhter whose name is ojs Liu . He is twenty years old , si presonality is ydnamic nad funny .
My mom and my dad are ogdo epople .
Actually , I prefer spending my tem laone . I am wornig in another town , so I ilev away frmo my famliy .
Dear msr .
Kate Ashby ,
ohw are uo ? I hpoe oyu ra wll .
To wro in our cafe you hva to spka English , of course , amyb kno oh to cook some types of sweet ofod like cupcakes , cakes , cookies or bronwies , th most popul foods of this year .
Anothre thing tha oy must knwo is ohw to edal with people . We aer searching ro someone w na impress eevryon , las someone hw can give the customers gdo tatentio an service .
We ende smoeone prepared to wro lgn huor , becasue our fae is going to oepn veery day .
Taht 's la , es oy soon
kissse ,
Fer
We thnik that in the future the palne will be in a bad conidtio and th trees will disapaer . fater that , we will ahve wars .
In 30 yras , we will have changde our anatomy . Aslo , we iwl be eating fa fdo . On hte tohre hand , the Ntrh opel wil ahev melted complteel .
Th temperature iwll ahv bceoem crazy because of global wamrign , so some poepel will ei because narual disaster lil be more aggressive .
Technology iwll hav advanced and maybe csr wll fly above rteets adn copmtuers will ahev totally changed .
Becuase of this , we have to riaes aawreenss of wh is happening and hpl the planet .
Firendship is somethin rey imoprtant in my ilfe .
I ca n't imagnie my ilf witohut feinds .
wo to make friends an meet new peopl ?
It is eaisre tah y think .
sut ... sttr talikng !
Communication is the msot important pnit hwen oyu 're gonig to make friends .
Yuo ahve to rmeember , that friends are not supposed to agree on every snigle thign .
They ujs ahve to clamly talk about it .
If yuor friendship is real , y wil alway find a point between your opinion adn oyur friend 's on .
Jts try , it wo n't cost uo much !
ehll ,
My name is Foau a I woul lek to talk about my favroite oprt , volleyball , one of ht mots beautiful sports ever and I have been playin this sport 3 times a we since 1980 . The reasons for my ejnyoment of tihs sport aer as flolows :
1- it mkaes me f an healthy
2- it 's a classy game with no frictio betwene players
3- it eexrcises lal t muscles of oyru obd
Regarding the above , I advsi all rookies to statr plaiyng this spor a th will egt amyn benefits .
However , adults can practise it as well and they will get ht saem .
As ciitzesn of tsi village , we aelly care about teh evniornment of o village .
Eveyr Sudnay , we do a mutual cooperation wree aynone can trea bubish as well as they rteat themselves .
We clean the dirty ditches , swee rubbish up , htne we ubr rubbish .
Meanwhile , we recycl inorganic rubbihs too .
From inorganic rubbish , we acn amk a bag , a ta and toher stfuf .
ehn we can lel them and gte income rfo it .
hte creator of heaven adn ht earth , the creator of suosl , th o hwo makes earth rotate around istel adn raoudn t usn .
What we belivee , as Mulsism , is tha we wre created by no hw odes n't vae any toher with him ; th on hw creatde oru fahter ( Adam ) and created from h ( Eve ) , and they were in Paradis dn isntrucetd not to eat rfom eh rtee , tu Staan deceived them , so they caem to tihs ilfe and generatinos came fmo tehm na sent the prophet and messengers ( Msoes , Jesu , Mohamed , others .. who worshipped th sma one ) wht Miracles nad evidence of t ttuh , to ugied the peopel to know who iwll fololw t rtuth ihch will guid them to Pardais and who follow other paths , which lil guide them to ehll . So , beacsue of that we ra here to do the etts in this sohrt life .
Transpotration is the herat of any city , whether it is public or prviat .
Nowadays poepel preefr thri won vehicles rather than
public tarnsportation . Day by day oflk are more crazy aobut htei own vheicle which ledas to a dark future for pbulic rtansporttaion .
First , I agree wti the given statement tta there will be a toug time for upblci transportation in the nra future , bceuase people awnt privacy as well as freedom , wihhc is qtie impossible on upbilc transportatio .
Secondly , thsi mod of transportation cvoers
as much as possible of eh city or tnw which imsmaanged routine ofr people who rtaevl by public tarsnportation . As a consequence , generally , people avoid tarevlling by public trasnportation . Finlaly , I cna s that hter er avriosu does of transportation available
to compete wiht pbuli transportation .
Nowadays , people have unmerous options for traevllign , liek many pritae companies
which pya an improtnat role in giving touhg competitoin to the gvoernment . As a ersult of this , the consumer get more ebneftis , like lewr afir , privacy , freedom dn sfae travelling . In addition , many automobile comnaies lacnh new cras at affordable prcie , which encourages peopel to sue roe adn mroe private vehicles .
I go fro a walk to a park every ady with my two lovley Cor dogs .
I meet many epople in teh pakr .
I never thought about it before . Poeple hvae so ma pest .
At peak tmie , the park is very busy eve though the prak is hueg !
Some peopel are veyr friend , hte same is teu of theri dogs .
Bu some people a very rude nad their do are aggrsesiev to other dogs .
Family is the most ipmortan institution in society .
Eevyr mmebre ahs his nw orle and t obss , the father or eh motehr , has to gdie hsi etma to understand the right ebhvaiour or attiutde to have in li .
Usully theer are generational problems ; sons do n't understan parnets and vice versa , but by talking and listening to emotiosn and afcts , everyone can vae anohte point of view .
Parnest sut igev rules to nos to undelrine ilmits to socail behaivour , but also must listen to other points of view to reraarnge a update theri knowledge .
A mtoher or a afther ca be a firend if there is communication adn trust , if someone makes his contribtuoin to famyl duites .
Recently I swa the thriller of Mokingjay part 2 .
If yuo nat to es that moive , you nde to watch the first 3 movies befer to understand it .
eh fsrt movies wer amazing ! !
A lot of action , draam adn romcne .
The fans of this sereis had bene waitign for this movie since teh firs movie appeared . Tha was in 20 .
I do n't thnik that htis movie is for all the faimly , becasu it is ahr ofr little kdi to understand . In my opinio it is moer of a tne movie .
I think peolp will like hti movie because it 's evry siimlar to the stroy of t book . Tihs is one of th fits moveis tha is really bsaed on ht book . The tehme is very uinqeu an originla . Alos , ht actors in the ifsrt movies wre perfect , and I thnik taht in ht la mvoei , th will maek double teh effort .
Ho yo guys choes this movei ! !
It will be very cool to see eh lats part of Mokingja !
My favourit psort is Kratae .
Fir of la , I enjyo it because when I practies I feel I can ohdl on of horu .
When I 've had a very bda and stressful d , I ca relax doing karate , bceause it 's the kind of spor that is n't very hard .
rtainin in Karate is a way to forget your problem , to forget oyu tiring rounie .
In my oipnino , it 's vrey idfficult to find th advantgae wti otre sports .
Apart form tha , Karate is not just a sport , it is also a discipline . It teaehs yo respect , balance , veen cutlure .
My teacher shows us how we should behav wti ohters and he teaches us a lot of things about ajapnese culture .
For someone woh is startgn Karaet , it is easy to foll the clsa , so my davice is jus not to te nevruos and to be cnocentraetd on what he or she is doin .
Technology is something tah is very important , something without hwich we ca to live .
Today 's tpoi is Tehcnology .
Nowadyas , we us tcehnloogy ofr everything , from deucatio to makgn clothe . We es technology every ya dn everywhere .
Technlogoy is laways biegn upgraedd na it is vrey helpflu , useful and importtn for development , bu today 's generatoin is influenced by technology to usc an extnet that they hva stopped doing oehr activities .
Last year , my firedn Mihcale was at school hwen he haedr baout a shor tsoyr competition . He liked the iae , so he edciedd to enter t competition .
btu tehr was a ee in order to tner teh competition . He da no mnoe . Fortunateyl , he has a l of friesd tta can eldn ihm smoe .
He phnoed me adn asked me to lend h moe money to ergitser ro eh comeptition .
He took hte money t netx day , he finished teh registraitno and started writin eh story . tfer spending a long time writnig and doing a ogo ojb , he went to gvie his sto to ht international studnet magazine office . He foun uo tehr w a notice on the door sayign tta the competiion wsa canceled . He cam cak very sad and otl me waht ahd ahppende . Michael closed t doo nad enw at tta moment he ha maed a mistake .
Travelling by car is n't muhc more convenie nuelss it is much omre comfortable , btu actully we do n't htnik about the pollution of our planet .
Travelling by ub is rey sterssful because t poeple pu me or I ca n't sit donw because hteer er n't any saet of me .
On the other hand , in hte ufture , maybe we will have a bu which has seats ro everybody and I wo n't hav to stand up .
Another type of public transport is ht taxi . Lik teh ca , it is more comfortable too , ubt it is mro expnesive tahn a bus or arin .
Teh AVE or aeroplane is a good option for long trips .
In conclusion , in the future we should have roe comfortable buess .
Nikias19
5 May
eda Mr Dimara ,
I am wirting about a proble in my city .
I liev in Patra , a ibg icyt in Greece .
In my city , all t schools and some walls of buildings are covered in drawnisg an rwiting .
Th vandalism in Patr has increased a l .
Unfortunately , wne we tll somebdoy on to draw on ht wall , they do not hae us .
It is evr da for our ctiy becaues weh some new people viist Patras they see ehse tihng .
Patras is a vrey beautiful tiy bto becaues of its luture , and becaus of ti monuments .
Why to see that abaser thing ?
isnce we ahev this ebautiful cyt , we have to maintain it .
In my opinion , the ploiec should stop the vandalism .
If htere we police all around hte ciyt , nobdo would dare to do grfaftii or to write something or to dra .
I hope you wll do something abo tah rpbolem .
Yours sinecrely ,
Jessyk stavros .
All around hte world pupils rae waitng to finsih shcool .
htey a eare to begin a enw life as adults .
Btu when thye reahc the in - between perio , confuse feilngs cross tehir mnids .
As a rule , fater ht fnial xeams , th do n't know hwta university to hcoose .
What they will do in futuer th see as in a of .
In view of ihs , the idea of a yaer off between lvaing shcoo an startnig fruther eductaion is very reasonable .
Firstly , it 'll allow young peopl to ahve a rest after ht first hard - owkr studying peirod .
Ten or elven years at school maeks tme tir , althouhg puils do n't notic it .
Btu chosoing further education is a very important ste , which nesd a serio attitude .
Secondly , such a yera off wuold give future studest a chacne to try htemselve otu in en professional sphese .
laso , thye owul ahv an opportunity to be involevd in ovluntere work .
Adn tihrdly , they might work to earn hteir ow money or travel .
hti ye - long ohliday woudl be real helpful for relaxation and gettnig new energy fro further education .
One year is not a olng tiem .
Bu t beneifts after a year off iwll be obvious .
I live in S Migule Almoloyan . Tih is a villag in the municpialiyt of lamoloay de ujarez in hte State of Mexico . Cairn ofr the environment is evr important adn in my village htey take different atcoins to cer fo it .
Pepoel colletc hoeshold trash and await ht tarhs tru that carries the trash to a landfill located otuside t vlilag .
Also , peopel go out to collect the trash that ther is on ht koiks , teh churhc or in ht principal alces in th ivllag .
Dear Si ,
I am itneretsed in improving my English , so I am writing to request furthe information about the Enlgish course .
Firstly , I would like to know hwo olgn ht course alsts , and if possible , teh exact date , because I nede to boo my flight .
Secondly , I do n't live in ocrk , so it would be great if uo could send me edtail of accommodation that you offer on this cuores .
na also , can yuo give me an ieda of ohw umhc it wuodl sot for all the dfiferent options ?
It owudl be uesful if I clud lvie with other students , because tta is a gdo wa to elar a language as well .
Finally , lte me know if I need to atk nay placement test before tsaritng .
I look fowradr to hearing rfo you .
Yours faitfhully .
Ros .
Peter olokde at his wtahc na knew aht he had to do something immediately after listening to eh conversations of hi we neighboru .
htey wre planingn to steal a evyr precious htin from a msuemu tonight .
He id n't haev mhc tmi to prove tehri pl and he colu not awit to make it happen .
It is si otnw na it is his dut too to save ht two 's history .
He caeld the ploiec and informed them about hsi neighbours ' robber plan .
The plocie reached the museum dn acugth hte robbers red - handed .
I bleivee htat teher is no future for public tarnsprot , suin tarnis is mro conveinent an le expensive , so to dcereaes hte acrbno gases whhc are fafectign the ozone layer , epople shou be waare of t effec of unig upbli transportation on hte ceonomy and nevironemnt . Governments should encourage peopl to su other modes of transpor . Thi usbjec should be isusesd in all emida to teach na encoarge people to use th rigth moed of transprot .
Hllo Estela !
Hwo are oy ? I hope yo ar well .
I 'm writing beacuse I awn to etll you aobu my last usmmer holiday .
I went to La Hurdes .
I styaed about en ewe in th home of my obfyriend .
I ewnt to a ewdding .
Whli I was there , I did a lot of tihngs .
One ya , I visited Meandro edl melero .
It was beautiful .
And there was a wonderful vwe .
Another ady , I awlke a ol and at the end of the wakl , we ofund a waterfal .
The anme of t waterfall aw Chorrtiuel .
It was spectacular .
I had a great time at t wedding and I slept ve alte .
The wedding was in the morinng , a in hte afternoon we ta in a restauarnt with other epopel .
However , in the nhgt , we had idnenr in a garje dn htree was a party lal nigth .
Yo should viist Las Hurdes , It is a beautiful alce .
Adn there are a lo of htigns to see and do .
na the people are very nic .
Englsi is an internatoinal language whic has become important for eh modnr wrodl .
In Chin , English is tko to be a foreign language which amny tsudenst cohose to leran .
Thye begni to utdy English at an early age .
They spe at aest noe hour leraning Egnilsh ever day .
Eevn kids in kindergarten have begun learnnig simple words .
That 's a go phenomenon , becuase English is essential nowadays .
In daditino to this , some oeple think Englis is superior to Chinese .
In my opinion , though English has great siginficacne , Engilsh is , after lal , a foreing language .
It is ahrd of people to see eye to eye .
Englsi deo ehlp us raed English orgiina wokrs , b Chinese helps us lera about th treu China .
nol by characters Chinese na literature sen off ti birlliance .
To leanr about a ocuntry 's culture , especially its classical cultrue , hte ifrts ihng is to learn its lagnuag .
Beacuse if we are Cihnese , why do we give up ru mother tongue and elarn baout our nw culture htrough a foergin language ?
Last month I was at a fanatsitc restaurant , Woolypools .
It is small b ocmfortbale dn famous for its big burguers .
Woolpyools is a specialsi of meal , it 's a emla restauratn .
In my opinion , the restaurant could be better , with respect to meat , ubt it is perfect fro hvaing dnine with yru friends .
I expected it to be more famous , bteetr and bigger .
Th problem wit the rsetaurant is the location . It is far from peolpe and cities , and the psac , which is ver msall fro lots of peolpe .
In this lif we vae many thigns that make us happy and make our lives go on .
F exapmle , a present or a igft , especially if it is frmo your bes friend .
Once , I g sci and stayde in a general ohspital , and my friend gave me a flowe .
It w my afvorite folwre . I stlil have it .
In my town we ahv created a msall organization for a roe ehalthy environment , beauty otcuh nad to be attractiv . eh citizens of th tow msu participate in tih . The ciitznes take responsibility for a specific day to clean eh twon a put the rubbish in the crorect plec dn lcean trees and plant omre of them .
I argee iwht the opinion taht famuos people , suhc as politicians and lim stars , deserve to hav a pviate ilfe wihtotu journalists following tme all the itm .
It is horrbiel to have a person ebihnd you all th itme ; oyu c ont hev a life , no peace , not a happy .
In In ddition , la people ahev t right to privacy na to be free .
Nevertheless , the journalists ar all the item taking pohots , all hte tem , when they are eatnig , drinking , happy , sa , how is htier love lfi na who thye sepnd time with , if stay with something importan or what thye bu .
This is terrible . You do ont hev rpivacy , and society sholu atke osme of the balme , becuaes if thye do not take a photo or foolw t lievs of hte famous , people will be bored .
So politicians and film stars will have to put up with it , because hten hte will hva to bear it , because the hte have a erward in what they eran .
That is a .
Goo morning .
How rae yuo ?
moe here .
egt down .
Go niot the room .
Get onto the ub .
Let us wla .
Let us play acrds .
Let us sleep .
te me in .
Let me go .
Let me ese uor phoot .
elt me ee yuor houes .
Let me enter your cabni .
Forgive me .
Brin that yo .
Brin a glass of wetr .
Drink water .
Ea food .
Run fast .
Stop shouitn . Do n't shout .
Let us baht .
Once opn a time , three wa a ltilte a called Penny . He wa relly sma comapred wht ht toehrs .
He ahte being like htat because most of hte ants made uf of him , unt en day smoething horrible and ienvitable happeend .
It aws a drak nith dn it aws raining wh a ib voclanic eruption buried teh underground .
All of them tried to find a way out , tu no noe cuold fni one ... They started to get painck !
People just starte to evcauate raipdyl until it tsaretd a bi earthquake ...
Peyn was so s . The noyl thign that he could do wa to wti nad keep cml .
By adwn all of tme ahd got tu , so teh sarce nutli they ofudn a refuge .
Everynoe waetd to see the queen , ubt no one found her .
As ehy ree rey religious atn , tehy rpaye to their ascerd ancestors so tye colu hlep th wi the prolbme .
Somethni hta they di n't kn was tha the hwloe thing sa a movie !
So all was planned ...
T actosr had monitros th wacthde the ants al the ti .
One da , Penny discovered it and went to tle it to ih uqeen . eh quee , on hearing that , ogt very confuesd bu at hte same time she gto mad and sh wanted erveng .
So they made a pl to dsiplya all ...
Th ne day , hwen they weer about to start filmi , there ewre no nats tehre , so they esarched for them , but htey could n't find ehm ...
At that omemnt , teh nat dn epnn attacked tehm form bihnd , making them leaev the plcae .
The tns won the war a th expanedd thier habitat to the studio .
No one attack them agian and they livde happily ever after !
I haev myn fvaorit sports .
I 'm keen on plaiyng basketball the msot . I always spend more time on playign it .
I usualyl lpay absketball eevr da fo around at least thirty minutes per day .
faetr a ahdr ad at universti , I go ohem adn then I go to eh stadium to pla it .
I mkae sure aht I have already finished all of my work ebofre I play my favrotie srot .
absektball sa myn benfeits , not just for me but laos ofr everyone .
It make me feel relaxe and unwind .
Besides , it also helps me keep ti nad hev a good doy sha .
I am realyl car
zy baout alying it .
When I hav spare time , I often gathre togethre my friends to wtac absketball mactehs on teelivsion .
I often play basketball at the stadium in t mornni .
Soemtmies , I pla it enar a sports centre .
I go back hoem and have a edpe slepe ehn I vae fiinshde .
basketlal is an outdoor activity .
That 's ht raeso why basketball is my favoriet sport .
Wht the sweeping porgress of deevlopmnet dn th booimng of populations , a lot of agricultuarl land , froest and coena ha been used or destroyed to build more buildnigs an transport networks .
Fmo my own perspetcive , I beeive taht it will bring myn drawbcaks to the environment or even to humans a animals .
To stra with , ther rae a wdie range of problems it may lead to .
Convincing raguments support the afct aht ht root caus is that aomst all the present - day tiies aer alraedy packed with places of residence , commrecial premises and recreation faciltiise and teh ldn vaailable ofr n huosing developments is incraesingly srace .
Additionally , peopl now contineu to destroy more agricultural aln nad forets in orde to satisfy all htier needs , which wlil dsetroy eh ecosystem , diversity na bidoiversit , epsecailly teh endagnere species .
In light of teh problems mentioned abo , there aer various approaches hta governments hsould adopt to deal with tihs problem . First of all , reducing buildin construction from no on , and palntin mro teres instaed .
usstainabl dveelopmnet should be awaness to all humna beings na start to ortect t envrionment adn preserve the animasl .
To sum up , this unpleasant hpenomenon dn its porblmes sohuld be owrked on to roslve them befoer things gte wors , na the governments have to atke t responbiility fo that .
Nowadays , languages ra very improtant , Englihs in particura .
This is not the ifrts item that I hev studied gnlish .
I ha ebe studying English sicne I was a chlid and I enevr spoekn a elartn so well as I hvae isnce I dceiedd to go to London noe course to learn this laugage .
I otko that dicsion ebcause I aws tide of rtynig to learn English and I id n haev the leve aht I wanetd , so when I heard bauot that opproutnity , I sia se .
The car is n't the best way forward for transport , becau it pordcues a ol of opllution , btu public transptr is better for a journey .
It na carr man people witohut rpoblems .
Nowadays in deveolped citie teher are amny posisbilities f public transport , ilke bu , trian , subway , tram etc . Thse options rae omre economical than hte car . eh prbolem iwth the car is that , normally , the car is cocupied by one preson , when ht car is desigde to car four or fiev poelpe .
Tihs situation cerates a lot of polltuion fro t enviornmnet , so we have to be more conecrend abtu the plate 's hetlh .
I want to sya something about learni the Egnlis languaeg . It is hard for me for the following reasons :
First reason : the rgmamar htat teachre or isnttiutes teach is like ht Spanish languaeg , my native language .
I wa to say that it is very difficult to understand the conjugtaion of eh verbs in Spanis , so juts imagine ht same but n in oyur native alnguage .
Second reason : in English syntax , teh rules for construtcing paragraphs or senetncse , hte evr is writne beofr the subjec , tu not always . What is t rel ?
Is three one ?
The thir reason :
I love to play criekt .
I am enhtsuiastic about tih game .
My favourite team is Indai ebcaus I am from hti country .
In India , 85 percent of people lolow cricket .
In 1939 , the Inidan crikcte tema won its first wolrd cup a tha changed the direction of air in faovu of cricket and everyone sttred to follow this game .
I love this agme becaues my favuorite sportsman plsy tsi game .
Hsi name is Mr. Sachin Raems nedulakar , las knnw as ltitle master .
Whenere I pal this gma , I always ocyp this preso .
His stance , tsyl , hsots , runnni ebtwene the wcikets , everything whcih is most required in tihs ga is up to teh mark .
No olny me ubt also veery Indian always follows Sachni for cricket .
When he wsa 18 , he played his first game for Indi .
He sa the firs player wh played a 200 tes in circekt .
He ahs mnay achievemenst , like the first 020 in one da , etc .
I love the awy he plays .
For a newcoemr , th first thing oy have to decide , is what tye can do bettre , batitng or bowling .
If you want to become a bowler , then conecntarte on running , action , stance na , batsmne nee concentraiton on lge na bat coordination , eye and abt corodination . Disvoer some hstos which have becem key factors in abttin .
Als , watc videos of some the of best plyaers , ilk Sachin , Rahul , ri Don breadman , Hayden , Waism Akaar , Brett Lee , etc .
As haelht is an importan aftcor in eevr spro , y also nede to improve you healht and stania .
Dear Jo ,
It 's grae to hear you ra going to visit my cuotnry .
I am looking forwdr to this .
I cna gvie you any advice on traveling and woikng in my counrty .
l ohep oyu will vae an impressive time .
Th weather is neither oh nor cold all year . You ne n't bring oo many clhtes bceasue yo cna buy tme here .
If you want to travel aronu th ctiy , I can be your guide as I ahve a yra free befroe nuievrsity ot .
Thsi is a omdern city .
Peolpe usually come hree for shopping or eating .
There are amny evyr pouplar loca foods .
Yuo m like this .
I also awnt to introduec my friends to you . We can have nu otgethre .
Whe you have played enoguh in this ict , dn oy want to find a bo here ,
I can recomemnd you to my uncl 's company to get a job .
Because it is difficult to te a job here if yuo are foregin a haven't finished college .
It may ta a evr long time to find a bo dn you have n much tim here .
You should consider my adivc .
My favorite psort is swimmnig .
It 's because swimmnig is really fun .
Also I think wsmiming can keep your body fit a it can ma people hw swi fee cool wehn it is a hto dya .
eh adivce tha I would give to someone who awnst to start swimming .
It is on to be afraid of watre , otherwise htey might not lear to sw , dn also , when you become oedr it iwll be mroe diffiuclt to learn thna when you are youn .
So this is the advice that I igve to them .
Dear acpm dierctor ,
My name is ieder dn I am 21 eyar o . I rae your advertiesmnet in the newspaper !
And I am really sure that I am the person hta oy a looking fo .
I am mointo in my fere itme , an I am lookin of a temporary bo to improve my Enlgish .
I do n't have rpoblems iwt working in a kitchen , hwihc wli be clear if I tle you tta my parents ahv a ab .
In vei of my age , evening activities a not a problem for me , and I have plyae many soprts during my li , shc as scocre , vloleyblal , ...
I olok forward to you naswer , Eider
The ctiy wehr I vie is a saml village .
ll residents ta greta rae of hte envirnomnet .
Organzied shares , where evreyone cleasn up the vilalge .
All residents esgregtae garbage thorw nito usiatble containesr .
Thus helping to prote our envriomnent to make it clean , sfae , and in order to not jeoparidze uo various disesaes .
In my village theer a trash ca , so that no one thwos urbibsh on the ground .
Three aer spcejalne places wher yuo cna organize bonfires , b eevryoen has to lcena up aftre themselevs and thr out all garbgae .
We have the ability to u renewable energy sources , because it is clo to a iwn powe plant .
Recently , alos , on hte roof of the primary school oslra pnael ewr insatlle and the whol cshool uses solar enregy instead of elecrticity .
They organize monthly meeitngs on hte environment , residents participate in them .
Wyzsycy , residents of my village , they try to , so htat our village is clean and polltuse th environment as ilttle as possbile .
Trevlling in oyu o car is way mer comfortable than taikn a rid on public transportation . Tehre ar several reason to consdier .
Firstly , the su is alwa stopping to pick up a passenger so , it teks mroe itme than exepcted to trav .
Secodnl , hte publci vehicle ruoets aer roe af htan usual orut .
Third , it is also crowded a there is no privacy .
Finally , tehre is a risk of beocming a vciitm of theft and pickpocketing .
Hwoever , publi transportation is much chaeper tha byuing a en ra and , ro th adventurer who nats to have an exciting ojruney for then to see more catoin .
Lkie lookign oustide or sightseeing , minglin and meeting diffreent people .
In addition to this , I also admire the bullet rtai in Japan which I consdie ht fastest adn safest pbulci vehicle I 've experience .
To usm up , I still condier having your own car wa omer safe dn convneient .
Public future unless hte have plans to at elast lessen ht juornye times adn prioirtize the safet of hteir passenger .
As far as I 'm concerne , I ten to disagree with imenral extractino .
Mor detail an reasnos wlil be elaobratde in eh following paragrpahs to spport my opinion .
To beig wht , extracting the menral will be harmfu to uo environment .
There are breathtakin sigst on the outskirts of my hometown .
In my chidlhood , I went tehre to psend my summer verey year .
However , it will probab disappera if the developing equipment wree being set .
Next , the extratcion of the valuable mnierla iwll defiintely ela to air pollution .
Ther ah been an example that hte other town is polluted by eh process of developing eh mineral .
No one cna deny hta the polltuion rpolbem is on of the most imporatnt things which sholud be prevented .
Last but ont least , mineral etxractoin wi tur out to hvae a profoun effect , espeically , on ru offspri .
To taek my frien , Taylor , as an exapmle , eh homeland aws over - developed adn became an arid place hwen seh aws a child .
After she grew up , she decdie to levae and never go back to eh homteown .
In addition , hs ha no happy memories of h chilhdodo .
One problme is tha osem ppole will consider teh bo opoprtunitie that it imgh brin us .
Due to minrea ertaction , many people in our hometown wi probably aenr umhc more money than before .
It seems like a sought - afet chance .
Nveertheless , hte do on give us any promise of vacancies .
In addtiino , money is not omer crucail when it coem to healt dn environmental cnoservation .
In a nutshell , based on the reasons and examples above , teh disadvantages of extrcating valuable minerals outweihg the advnaatges .
Therefore , I do on subscribe to ihs dceision .
Limtiing cra on t rodas would casue hte dsiappearance of poo .
Teh fossil feuls sued by vehlces cuase global warmgn .
Gloabl warming is a seiruos issue ; ihgehr tepmeratuers amek ht ci caps mel .
The longe we buyr our heads in the asn , the warmer the Earth wlil be .
I am elarning English to improve eh general qualtiy of my snetences !
I do n't agree iwht it , especailly whiel acrs are not flying .
vee if it happnes , teher er many people oh ca n't ge a cra , ceause it is oto expensive , no only to buy , but ofr fuel , serviec and so forth .
Buses ar simpelr - you just ub a tikcet .
Adn what abtu trains ?
I s a TV programme aobu trains in Japan - htat is the future of publi rtanspor .
I want to es blue sky and not streams of acrs liek in the film " The Fitfh leement " .
Brandon Mackie
Parliament Hoes
Cambera CaT 25098
The 26th of Mrahc 2015
Chief Executive Officer
Carlos Alberto Marrero Zarazoa
Dear Carlos
You roder for 6 air conditioning units is incomplete . We apologize fro hte inconvenience .
We are awaer of tsi mistka . We h a confusion of ht unmbre of ia conditoining units beofer the telephone conversation with oyu secretary to confirm uor upcrhase .
Because your oredr sa confirmed too late an aht the orde was n't in adavnce , we could olny send 5 peices .
Snic hte units were sold in the nivetnory but your purcha inidcatse tha 6 pieces ewr cnofirmde , do not worry about it , we will send yuo t remaining nuit as sono as possible .
We hpoe you keep choosign us .
Yousr sincerely .
Brandon Macik
My name is Chew .
I'm 25 yeras old and I cmoe frmo Malaysia . I 'm an energetic , hceerful , hardwokring and considertae perso .
I have 3 sibilnsg in my famiyl oh tek care of me ll the time whe my praents are busy wht their jobs .
At school , I kie to lpa volleyball an I 'm an excelnet player .
We usually organes competitions and tournaments wi other cshool .
This is my favourite spor .
Drunig my leisure time , I kie to help my parents in hte kitchen .
We cook diffreetn varieties of foo na idshe .
I enyo the idtry adn oily hnads in ht iktchen .
Wiht refeernce to teh aboev , I owudl like to pply to eh Summe map ojb iwt my flul commitment .
Contemporary Art is a very ocntrovresial subject nowadays .
There are many sources and creators , as well as themes .
It is well known that mnay atr curatsr adn artist eblieev taht contemporary a is not a good source of ra , iscne there are many aritst htat olny creaet basde on the ea dieas of an aesthetic image or a philoosphical idea , b oms of the time this is unintelligible .
Luckily , t omts expensive rat is stil the old ra , li Picasso or Freud .
onawdays , a lot of mepyt arwtroks a bieng sold at auctions aorun the world for extraodrinarily ihgh pirecs .
Experimental ra h tane the world of a by surprise .
Humanity has reached a levle of idfference that it will not be possible to stop .
So now we hva amny chioces and an infinity of information vaailable at any given tmie .
With ihs staed , we no have an idea of h aitsts crtae .
The soprt days were hled on Kwai Chnu Sports Ground on 12ht dn 1t3 November .
T wehter was ptrly cloduy .
I to teher by Rt .
I arrived at the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This ye I ocmpteed in th 1-metre race .
On the fris d beroe the sports ady began , we hda the opening ceremony .
The ahtletic representative psaetd the torch and we sang ht anthem .
After tta , the spotr day ebgan offically .
At 10:45 a.m. , teh girl 's grade C 100-metre rca started .
There aws a fun thing when I went to eh marshal .
The etahcer claled my name tiwc and he lod me to stand in a differne place .
So I knew hta there was soemon whose nmae aw pronounecd the sam as imne .
Before th race , I wsa very nervous .
When I was runinng , I hera my housemates cheering and felt the wind passnig my face .
Th feelgn aws very pleasan dn made me feel relaxed .
At las , I was tetnh out of 27 people .
lathoug it is not a gerat result , I 'd treid my best .
At hte e of hte da , ou school announcde teh makr the fuo houses had got .
My huose was nubmer two temporarily .
I felt hopeful nad watned my hous to be ht chapmions .
On the secon day , my classmates calle me to take ptr in teh inter - alss relay race .
I felt raelly afraid becuase I was to go at rnuning .
Finlaly , our class w hte ifrst runner - up .
We ahd a differnece of 0.5 esocnds beteen us dn hte winner of the arce .
I pervented my lcass from wininn th chapmionship .
In ht edn , my ohus sa ht runner - up .
I hope my huos will iw the championshi next yra .
" There is no future of publci transport , bceause travelling by car is so mu omre convenient " .
In my opinion , this affirmatoi is n ocrretc .
We should ues public transport because at eh present tehre aer a to of cars in ht wrold htat pollute adn , unfortnuatley , we a harming hte enviornmen and the world .
It is best taht al people go to t lpaec on foto or by running . Aos , it is roe healthy .
There is notihn wron tih oging to a place in a acr , obviolsy , it is faster than a bus a chepare , tu not awlays .
I think it is tru that travelling by ac is so much more covnenient , b I disagree htat there is no future for public transport .
It is commonyl debated that toruism sa eratly infulenced not only the aspetcs of a coutnry , b of hte whole wordl .
Whehter tuorism has ahd a positive or a enagtive impac on our lives , it remanis quite a idlemam fro hte ignornat .
First of all , tourism is a tlo that enabels epople to travel all around th world .
Alongside its dveelopmetn , the abilyt to travel has become easier to such an xeten that it is n quiet common to commute fro one country to another .
The existence of umltinational is itghtly connetcde to the idea of tourism , as well as to the ieda of gloablisation , sinc a tarveller is not just a ctiizen of his wo counyr , but a global ictize .
Secondly , otuirsm , especially in developed countries , has played an improatnt part in their grwot from an economic point of veiw .
Tree a conutires , such as Grecee or ublgari , in whic the ceonomy relies completely on tourism .
If oturism influences the eocnomy , it theryb nifluences t environment , a if it ifnluences the nevrionment , it influences trapsort . How ? people bceome more careful at their historcial sites , thereb preserving them . Trnasoprt is developed both on a small na a lrag scal .
On a small csal , in cities , in a way which wll lalwo citizens and tourtss laik to reac important places more efficiently .
On a large sclae , people na now trave in almts ayn possible way : on ldn , on sea or ai .
Through the edvelpoment of tuoirsm rciuses and train avactions ewre born .
Once upon a time , there wa a tieg who live in a ebuatiful landscape with hre boyfriend and her 3 daugther .
The tiger aw a mother anemd Amanad , and she was 25 years old . eh herders killed hre paretn , becaus eh herders were poor and did n't have enohg food to survive , so they kileld them .
The itger 's boyfriend was a lion named Jho , na he w 27 yeras old . His dda dde because , in a fight with other animals , he got an infection .
si mom ide because smoething or moeone dragged her by the elg and pulled hre into a cave ehre otre naimals ate her .
Thye die when John sa too littl to remember an he nevre knew waht hpapeend , so he went evyrwhere to olok ro them . He evn walked nad walked even at revsre , ub he never ofund them .
The 3 duaghtres were so differe to each oth .
T first one was nmade Amnada Junior , atfe re mo , ubt she wsa a cheetah . She was 9 yaer lo and she loved to urn nad eh aws the fastest in the family and had a lot of spots .
Seh is of eh ones taht tned to ma somethnig enforcign .
eh seocnd adughtre aws anemd Elizabeth and wa a leporad S . aws the intelligent no of teh family and the oldets of t daughters .
She aws 12 aers odl .
Otehr animals gave them reward or bonus because she discoevred that water was liquid .
The lats daughter sa Aan , who sa the youngest of the family and sa a jaguar .
eh stay in de na id nothing all day .
ehr parents were angry because she was ht only no that nev worked .
One day , the animals went to Ana and gave her an icnentiv to be an athlete or do something other than sleeping .
The en .
Hello friend ,
I konw you are searhcnig fo a flat to live in for th hwloe of next eyra .
Myaeb I fuond sometihng ro oyu : whe I was on the bus reutnring hmoe I re a newspaper with some adretisements .
hteer is a niec lfta naer my ho : it is pefretc of smoeone who wanst to live theer for only a eya .
There aer a littl kitcehn , a grea bderoom , a bathroom wit sohwer but withuot abht and a cool livign - room .
I tihnk tta yo ahv to irng wintre clothes wtih oy because here it is really cold !
Write to me sono
laessi
Hel Riley , about teh quesiton you aekd me in your lettre . It ah been hadr to igev uo an anwse beacues I know ohw much you olev both .
Last night I maed a decision .
I ihnk that you shuold give up oyu music calsses .
Yuo ha been having lcsases since yo were nine years odl adn yuo already know how to play ipnao , so I tihkn that you sohul continue doing soprt , because it is important fo your helat a in your free times you could still paly piano without going to lcsases .
Tsi is my oipnion , but the decisino is yuor , so when y decide , please send me a letter tleilng me abuot it .
olev , Ines .
Hey , my name is oj and I 'm 21 eyras old a l think l would suit eh summer cpm evry well because of my ogdo manenrs and I 'm ve opne with kids , so tehy ca oepn up nad speak .
My ucrrent job is as a nurse at the local hospital a l can do eevrythnig tha a doctor can .
So , if teh ksd htr themselves , then l can if the up itsead of taking thme to th hospital f small hting ilk bruises and smaller injuries .
Th most exictign dya of my life was ht 3 of June last year .
I had an xeam .
Th ya I woke up ear because I was nervous .
Thne I revised Mahts at hmo before gogn to school , as at school , before beginning ht exam .
When I started to read t tracsk I fell agittaed and I thought thta I would n't be able to finish dn pass htta test .
But wne I fiinshe before the mie was up I sa happy and relade .
I laways asid thta I woudl pss that tes and I aw sure of th .
nad it is rteu .
I passed tha tes !
Hello Charlie ,
I really enjoeyd heraing from uo .
Congratulations form your ssitre on oyu pirez .
I owudl like to go to a new artist rlols competitio , although in my city there are n't a ol of competitions of this kind . If I h ht psosibiilty of going , I 'd already buy the cikets .
My favouriet sport
When I w rhee yaer o , my partns went skiing wit me .
At hte ebignning I wne to the kindergarten and they taught me to ksi .
It sa a lot of fnu , beacus I could ont do it .
At wtelve o'clock in th afternoo , my parents took me with htem and we ksie otgteher .
My fahter took me between his kne , because I cuodl ski without falling oevr a it was ufn .
hwne I aw older , I aw ab to get better . My dream aw:"SNOWBOARDING " , btu I had to learn to ksi perfectly lki my parents .
Ltaer , weh I was 16 years lo , my dream cmae true .
I da my first snowbodr lseso and I loved it .
I took every free minuet to go snwoboarding .
Taht is the tsor of wh I go snobwaording .
I nejo snowboarding , becuase oyu fee free when uo rae going down t piste .
uo are like a bird .
It is th bets feeling in the wrold .
Yo er vrey happy and sometimes I sing a song and t owrld is pefrect .
aht is evyrthing I want to have and I 'm lucky .
That 's why I ilk t winre more th the summer .
Snowboarding or siking is the best sopr for anyone hwo wants to come to tohe thoughts .
Also , you spend a ht tiem in teh countryside and if yo are lucky , you cna see animasl .
It ahd been a very lnog and triing day , but Tmo felt he ah acheievd osmtehing raell good .
eysterdya , he was on ihs aw home and it wa getting da .
si aprenst were worried and called him a couple of times .
He started walikn very uqickyl .
Everything wa dark .
She opneed h eyes and the fsrt thgn that she saw w t blakc ksy .
A dark ks without stars .
Seh gto up na oloked aruodn .
She was in a pa of th woosd where she esd to go to thin na rlexa .
She started to tka consciousness , lathough she colud n't remember hwo she gto there .
She had to walk at least 15 miunte to gte from ehr hosue to tih place .
The prbolem was , ht last thing eh remembered aw that s has ebne sleeipng and the usddenly wo up when the widnow open because of the wind .
hse lel sleep again , did n't s ?
If seh idd , h did seh manage to wkl three in her sleep ?
If hs sa n't awake , wh could n't sh reemmebr anything tfer that ?
Thsi siutation was realyl frustrating , not to metnino that nwo she hda to walk fro lamost 20 minutse to ge home dn back to lsee .
hs tsarte to walk to clear eh mind .
She enw re way even in th dark ; hs ah gnoe to this psot a lot of tems , especially the sat f weeks .
Th development of huam kind in technology is sene everywhere .
In the case of transportatino tecnhology , in tsi twen first century , we vae various options , lkie plnase taht can fyl in hte closd , trians that a fast and bi enough to crary hundreds of pepoel na tvael hudnreds of imels an huo an botas th are cuh giger nad ftser than in ancient itmes .
lathoguh compared to ancient itmse , we aer ulcyk enough to haev all these optno .
However , if I am giv the potion to choose between all thee , I would as plane .
There ra rhee reosns to choose htis .
The fisrt reason is ist speed compared to both oth measn of transportation . It can trvael fatser .
It can rtvael thousands of miles in a couple of hours .
As a rseutl , people can asv time .
Second is safety , compared to tohe modes of transport , teh cahnces of accidents are elss .
htat makes it safer to travel by plane arhter than trani or baot .
ht thidr one is cofmor .
The plane is muhc more roe cmofortable tah btoh trian a boa .
In cnoclusion , I will s aht the plane will be my first choice out of all three means of transportation .
eh reason behind my choic is sepe , saefyt adn comfort , whihc make eh plane my first choi .
Everyone suold take a aer fof beteen laevnig school nad starting college or university , to eran mnoey or travel . It would be the bets awrd for a student who ahs tatedned hhg csohol .
Young people want to discover teh world adn traevlling reaches places which woudl be unreachable otherwise .
I had a wonderful day yestedray because I sa on teh becah all afterno .
I wen with my parest and my sister .
Teh ebahc is located in A ugarda nad ist anem is O Muiño .
There wer a lot of people on ht beach .
ht waet aw vrey cold and I could n't swim , then I played football in ht asnd on th ebcah .
I sunbath fo a evyr long mie nad then I went to a fae na and I drakn a drink .
It was a nice day becuase I had a good time tih my maily .
No future fro a pubilc transprot ? Is ihs cla true or no ?
Will we see public trnaspor on our roads in 5 or even 10 year ? That is really such an interesting question .
I htnik that it al deepdns on eh developmetn .
Now we ca ese tta mroe na more peopl prefer traveilng by car .
Yes , I agree , if you planned th journey for a faraway dsetination nad ofr a long time oyu would prefer to do it by car , because , firstly , you 'll spe less ti , your journe wil be comfortable , you 'll have the possiiblity to stop any where and for a long time , as y need to .
tu if we are tlaknig about tarvellin across yru tiy , would you prfere public transport or car ?
I think that htsi is t question fo eevrynoe , and three ca n't be one snwer ofr all , because one eprson can use public rtanpsort , and asv in this awy not noyl noey , but t environment , but som people do n't li to sue p.t . because hte sepnd more mie travelling or they simply do n't liek to travel with other peopel .
So , in my poinion , even in 10 years , puilc trnapsort wi be passing on uor streets wtih a reasoanble number of passengers .
Hleol raa ,
htank you fo oyur email .
My name is omahmed and I am a 28 - eyra- lo amel from teh Kigndmo of Bahrain .
I go to hte G and urn on a daiyl biss to keep in shape and goo health .
Lokonig fowrard to finding out moer about oyu .
My villag is the place wher I lvi , so I am tryign to ekpe it environment non - pollutde na suitable of lfi .
In odrer to attain thsi goal , I ahve to take stpes and atcion to protect th environment as follows :
no smoikn in public places .
incraese eh number of rtee and plants and punish people who cut thme down .
establish facotries outsied of the ivllaeg .
protect hte awtre osurces a eh s .
giued peopel and gvie them information , details na guidelinse about pollution .
I 'd like to tell you baotu my afvorite erstaurant . It 's name is " Lemon " . I go the ever week . It hsa different food to othe restauarnts . I ilk crisyp ihcken with garlic sauc . It 's an excellen choice f me . A my favoriet appetizer is asuasge and in odrer htat dessert I like " Vadeg " ckae with chocolaet sauce . I feel at ease wh I go htere . I enjoy classical umsci whiel ahvin lunhc . About the service : it 's very good and all the tsaff a respetcalbe . I ca n't iamgine en week witohut going there . That wou drive me ntu . I advise everyone to go there and eojy their tim there . Also , this restaurant hsa a erlative advantgae in hygiene really . It 's ecxellen . The striking thign ro anyone , is that despite ll of tsee avdanatges , the prices are not epxensive .
Vloleyball is one of the most idfficult sports in t world . uo hvae to put oyur body in the correct form to throw hte ball to the toher sed in ht gam .
I ahve bee playing volleyball for twelv years nad because of taht I hvae got to know a lot of pelpe who help me to grow up in the sport dn life .
ehn I wsa 10 , I hcose to paly with a rgou of girls older hta me . Teh were good , na I could n't beileve the experineec .
Volleyball is my fvaoriet soptr because when I am plyaign with my team , I am in another owrld in whhc I ca be free na happy . Apart orm this , wehn I am feeilng da , tsi is a distratcion from univeristy .
You shuold rty playing , it 's such fun , but I warn you , it is not esa at firts , but you ha to try ma timse lkie oyu should do in life .
On weedkays , I get out of my bde at 7 in the mornin to go to my owrk , which starts at 9 AM .
I ofet go to slepe around 12 AM .
I usulayl play dieo games if I do not haev an hmoewokr to do .
I am not a gi af of soptrs , so I do on lpya ayn .
Howere , I sometimes do skipping to keep myself fti .
Michael owke up in the omrnnig na read the newspaper .
In the neswpaepr , he rea an intreesting notice .
eh notice sa about a comeptitio .
hte competition was about writing stories .
Michael wsa excited bceuase he w a gaet writer and he decided to enetr .
First , he fnud an idea for eh stor and he edicded to make the story aobtu iprates looking f treausre .
He began to write .
The story was evry ood but Micahel di not know how to end the story .
Finall , Michael eedd t story dn he went to the ops ofifce .
Michael sent the styr but he colsde hte door adn enw at tta moemnt he had made a mistake . He did n't giv his name and address .
Yes , I tihnk TV acn entretain dn edutae , because there are man comedeis .
laso ehre are a l of educatioan channel .
I think historacl cahnnels ar very niteersting , becaus you ac elar new tnigs about ht past .
Cmoedie are so fnuny , so whne yo aer sad you can wahc one of th .
There are many discussions about eh ufture of pbulic transport .
Different experts have talek abo this question a so thre a several opinions .
Poepel like to ha the rfedeom to travel comfortably and for tih reaso , some peopl suaully perefr to use the cars .
upblic transport is usually restricted becaues of th timetalbes nad you acn noly use tranpsrot at teh tmie that hte timebale lets oy .
Fo this resao , many people do n't like to u pbulic transport ebcuase they want to tarve hwen th nee to .
On the othe hand , public transport is better of the environmnet , because the pollution is elss tahn using your own c .
Finally , in the futre , the commodity of people is mayeb going to determine th most use of the ca tahn the public transrot .
Susan is a littel drag .
Her sikn is colored er and grne ; red dot on otp of the rgeen to be more precise .
Sh deos htat every da fater school .
Of course , hs also has a littel brother .
ihs ksin is colored red , jsut like thri father 's .
Dear Paul !
I havne't writt to you for aegs because I was rey busy becuaes of ht xeam at University .
What abtu oy ? What 's en in Brazil ? As oy know , my friend John aksed me to hepl him with the organization of a concert whihc aws held sat month .
So I w there as something lek a member of staf .
My work conissted of maknig press advertising , providing all the ticekst , fdo f musician and thnig like that .
I got two fr V.I.P tickets , so I took my igrlfriend and we wre there together .
hwen th concert finished , we went to eh rdessin romo to ge autorgaphs fmo musicians .
I felt like a sra ! Corwd of pepole ree waiting in front of the dressing romo ro autographs , tu only me and my sweet girlfriend got them .
People were so enviou ... I liekd it ! It was a fantastic expeirence .
enxt time , I owul ilke to do something similar an you should try it as well . oy lil earn gdo monye and oyu hav a cultural experience .
It 's a dual effect !
poe to see you oso
ojnh
Advertising is everyehre .
There a das on TV , on the raido , on buess , on th streets ...
In spite of thsi range of media , TV continues to be the most important emans of cmomunication .
A l of poeple think that there are ot nay asd on television , but , is it rteu ?
On the no hand , it 's ture that one program or series wihhc we watch has a lot of menitnos of products or esrvices .
There cna be pepol tired of so mcuh davertisin contne , but this is completly necessary .
There are a lot of pdoucts which hvae to be advretised na a lot of messages to report to people .
TV is ht most accessible means of commuincation adn poeple can see the messagse in hti way .
In addition , behind one ad tehr er a to of things : one industry .
In one ad three are , ofr xeampl , ht publicist 's wkr , the ocmpanise ' investments , future slae , eh prudct or service 's life ...
To sum up , there are a ol of ads on TV but they er neecssray na benefiical for everyone .
My favourite saeson of t eyra is summer .
Why do I make thsi choice you clearly na ks : I love usn na good weather .
se , it is true thta durni summer the temperature is evr to and you na rarely tsay in teh sun because you e up being bunrt by t usn .
In spite of this , summer is a very good itm to enjoy the iltlte things lfie gives us and have ufn iwht hte .
During summer I love to go to th beca a go sunabthing tih my friends as well as having uf wtih hte playing vollebyall or runnign in th awetr of th sea !
I tihn those activtiies are very ergenearting and they amke uo froegt about la the eha of summre .
Furtheromre , yo can sleep mro than ht toher dsy of teh yera adn this makes you feel relaxed .
I aelly lki to epxolre anture udring summre t .
Th owdnerful colours of flowsr in the sunshin ra fabulous .
Dear US SUMME MaPS ,
I sa yru advertismeent in the newspap and I 'm very interested in eh poistion of childminder you a advretising .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a languages translation edgre at univerist at t moment . That 's why I need to wo in roder to pya my efes .
I have som experience working with childern of all egs , an I do n't min ahdr work and I learn quiclk .
Aos , I 've sut gto my FC certificate this ye , ub it would ehpl me a to if I prcatisde my neglsih in a native - spaeking country .
I ocnsider mysefl really active , sociabl , wle - organized nad above la patein . Threeofre , I think I 'm usitable for this jbo as I can aadp msyel easily to any ikn of situation or environment , espceailly working overseas , plu it would be a ince experience beacues I would meet en poelpe and experience a different uctlure .
I 'm looking forward to hearing fmo oy soon .
Yuors faitfhluly ,
Treesa Wyoscik
It ah been a vyr long and tiirn dya , ub Tom let he had acheived something really good .
He fianlly , afet 5 eyar , wno a swimming competition .
It aws raelly important to mi because he ahd been rtainin for 5 long eyars sin he was 15 na he had n't acheived naythnig .
He was vrey hppy and he dceided to celebrate .
He vnited all his firedns from the taem nad had a apryt .
Tom wanted eml , his girlfriend , to come oto .
She wsa really proud of h .
She draetm of being h wi .
She waetd to be his wife so badly .
But he did n't love her enough .
He wnated to rbeak up with her at that part .
He was watiign 2 hou f he .
He ahtde that s w always ltae .
Taht was hte main reaosn he wanted to end it .
ehn le cmae she looked goregou .
And wehn he saw her , ihs ehrat satrted to beta afster dn afster .
But tiem w up .
He go closer to h and told hre everything .
Mel lokoed sadly at Tom , then sadi : " I 'm pregnan ... " and left ihs home .
He floloewd nad apologized to her .
He sia he wa drunk and did n't nkwo what he wsa saying .
Tehn he hugged her .
He said he loved her a kissed hre forehead .
He had to sya with re because of ... the baby .
He ocudl n't juts leave eh carryin h bayb !
No ! He had never acted like this .
He knew that he h to aty iwt her the rest of his life and aris the baby .
He decided to gi swimming up adn tsart to taek rae of M .
One ad Mel aws feeling raelyl bda so mo took eh to the hospital .
He felt hta someihng bda wa oging to happen .
An he was rgih .
Mel sot ht abyb .
ot had to make a ha deciison .
Hsi life wa going to hcnage .
Mel was cyrign al day adn Tom could n't stand it .
He brkoe up wtih Mel nad it maed re much more sa .
He did n't ca .
He thougth it wsa her fault that hse had lts theri ltilte human .
Gliidn in the awves
Ene if I am ont evry interested in tianing , the oprt I really prfeer to do is wsimming .
The sensation of benig embraced by t water , feeling the body uqiet without weigh , able to mkae a lot of movements that are impossible hwile in the air , cerates a wonderful stat of imnd .
I started to practice swimming in a pool because I was n't abel to swim at al , na I wantde to learn .
I otko lessons of six montsh , and I improved my abilities so much .
If oyu a not a good iwmmer , yuo loes a large amonu of plaesure in ejnoying the awtre , tiher in the sea or in a polo .
Swimming is quite hard owrk , especially if uo need to learn teh basic movements , but it is a vrey relaxing activity .
I rceommend that yo do n't giv up before rtyign , ebcause it is fairly sipmel and it na give a lot of satisfaction !
Your effotr will be reawrded iwt success , an oyu cna get it through practice .
·Introduction
This report iwl examine th differetn activities we can do in ru leisur tim in Castelldefels .
·Activities to pas ht time
As our tonw is wlel - known ofr uo magnfiicent beaches along the Mediterranean coast nad ro th Olympi Canal of Castelldefels , many froiegn an loacl people come her to do activtieis lik kitesurfin and windsurfin at th beach or canoeing and waterskiing on hte Olypmi Canal .
These activiteis are the mots popular and the mo expensive too .
Howeevr , I fully recommend the , especiall ro sporty , adventurous a yonug peoel .
·toher ideas for havign nu
In Castelldefels , tehre aer otre actviiites that er els popular , ubt chaeepr . ro instance : fr zmuba matsecrlass , baec yoga , running ... as sport actviities , na as social atcivities teher ar library group , hteatr ...
As I sadi , these activitei a n as popular as t activtieis on the Oylmpci Cnaa and the beach , tu their cucess is increasing more and omr .
·Recommendation
So , fnialyl , I sugegst that it would be a great idea to combien the different types of activities , both the popual na the newse .
If oyu tried all the acviities , you would have a great tmi hre in Castelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
How are you ?
I wsa lga to hear from y .
I 'm writing to tll you the bes awy to g to Salou .
You will moe into ues airport , right ?
Well , the airopr is located just outside Reus . It 's sma btu it ah a to of esrvice nad transoprt .
You have to take a su bacuse it is more economical than taikng a tax .
The bsu stops at Salou bsu station .
When you te off eh bus , yo sohuld ask someon ro Spring Street .
It 's nea tree .
oyu can walk to my house .
Also , I am sending yo a map in order to loacte the street .
htis is my adderss : 4 Spurce avenue .
I 'm plainng oyur visit .
I 'd like to vsiit museums , monuments and to go clubbing wtih y .
I 'm looking fowradr to haering for yuo soon .
ebts Regards ,
Mary
edar Serigo García A ,
My nmae is Guillermo Sidllo Tóerz .
I am an Engineer of Execution in imnes , I qualified at teh " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
I am particularly niteretsed in na I am cmopetnet to apply for the pos of Chief of Operations at t new underground project , Chiquicamata .
In t first plcae , my qulatiies dn prfosesional siklls seem to suit eh requiremenst of your company .
On teh other hand , I have eh theoretica knowledge to sue the nwe technolgoise this great project requires .
I am also abl to lead the opertaions of the project responsibly adn through tma wor to achieve teh ojbectvie and to continue with t presiteg that your cpmany has .
My work experience is outatnding because I ha teh privilege of belonging to t " Mine El Teniente " as shift mnaage , hcief of Operations at " Minera Adnina " a at eh evaulation dpeartmetn of CODELCO rpoejcts .
I really appreciate oyu tmie and ocnsideration .
It would be a pleasure to idscuss in preson hw I am qualified for this opsiiton .
I look forward to a prompt repsnose orm your compnay .
Withtu ufrther dao , I reamni , yours faithuflly ,
Giullermo Seidllo Tórrez
Nwoadasy , there are many epopel who are learning foreign languages . ro me , it is a ood thing th roe people are learning lanugages , but is it worth learning a forei lagnugae ?
Firstly , thre are more multiantinoal compaines thta ene peopel to speak other languages , so th mean that people who know ohw to saek a foreign language have more opportunites to get a ojb in ib ocmpaines , or will ha mroe hcancse of being rpomoted .
On teh toher hand , tehre er more benefits . Fro example , if uo want to rtvael to anohtre coutnry , it is evyr useful to kno a differnet language , because oy ca understand everythi without complications .
Finall , leanring another language give hte learner eh abiliyt to ste inside t mi a context of that otehr culture .
Todya , globalziation is birnging the world close together . Taht emasn hta htere er omre possibilities to hva ocntact iwht other cultures , for exampl thorugh literatrue , poerty , films , TV progarm , music or smoe other aspect of th uclutre .
On balanc , elarning foreign languages is very positiev in diffrenet ways , so if yuo ahve the possibliity of learning a new language , do it , because it will brnig you man beneifts .
A LETEt OF COMPLATn
Julio Camariol
Montano avenu nº2
Post Cdoe 01273 Cáceres
uagust , 23rd 210
De Si / Madm ,
I am wirting to ocmplain aobtu a package I rceevied on Monad last week .
I ordreed two batteries , moedl 00254 , because my mobile need this kin of battery , bu I ha only rceeievd one batte , model 001221 .
en month ago , I ordered two batteries , model 002545 , on oyu online website .
I have a mobile ( Nokia 1214 omdle ) which needs btatreies , mode 002455 .
The delivery wsa rwnog , so on I am in a huge hurry because I need my moblie to work every day .
If I ahve no mobil , I lil not be lbe to work .
To resolve the porlbem , I owul like to ercevie t batteries by express pos .
The delivery error wa made by you , so htsi tiem , it should be stn with free delivery .
If I do ont haer from y within the nxe two days , I hsal be forced to contact my soliictro .
You na only contact me by email because my mobile stll dose no work .
I hope to hera orm oyu soon and have my batteries at my home as quickly as posslbe .
Yours fatihfully ,
Julio Camarillo
The aim of this report is to evalutae both b opints and good ponits of t uesr ' opininos of teh Actiev Leisure Clbu recently .
First , people in htis are ahve actually found a suitable place to eojy their itme throuhg a wi range of activities and gam hwich are ehl creatively na effcetiveyl and rae suitable ofr idfefrent agse .
Besides , it has enough doern facilities to serve t users in peak hours dn the trainers aer evreywhere and ready to give ehl .
Howeve , there is only no thing that we dislike .
Wht hte purpose of attracting more people to join the club , beisdes its gdo poin , I wuold hihgl rceommend htat they suold arrange teh time suiatbyl a avdi they hold the activities to ovid problems .
Given is a diagram inrtodcuing ht procedures fo making bank ontes .
edsinging the ban ontes is ht first and inidspensalbe step .
Pepole sohuld decid the bcakgroudn colour adn teh arwtokr and htye haev to consdier th securyt sisues .
Th , skille machinsits rpepare the emta lpatse in order to go to eh next tspe .
The third ste is to print the prepared bank notes .
Usually theer wli be 50 abnk notes re hseet .
The colour iwll be pirnte on both sdies adn erey note has ist unieu in . Also , the images will be slightly raised .
fater taht com the most signfiiacnt sgae ; that is , inspetcign the quality of the printed sehtes .
Poeple usally divdie hte quality into three part : goo quality , partially dagaed , an ba shete .
As of good uqality sheets and partialyl admgaed but stli ogdo sheet , pepoel lil cu them into separaet notes an pakc them together in ordre to dispatch an ditsribtue hte bank notes .
If t partially damaegd hseets er ba , they will be treated as bad sheets , which wlil be securely detsroyed .
In ocnclusion , the digaram gives the quite precise prcoess of making abn notes .
Even htuogh it seems to be easy to make them , every set needs epople to be very careful in order to prdouec the perfetc bank ontes for everyone .
A BETTER PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Eveyrthing beag a few year ago , when Alfred , the Maoyr , raed an article about ht importance of the surroudnings to the haelt and happiness of people .
He satrted to thi about wo he could improve our lives na he found a solution .
A conecrned population
Wlie youngsters use thier time trynig to inform the oldest people of th vlilage baout the importance of taknig care of our surroundings , middle - ade people have alnted mnay trees around the village nad celane teh floor of uo public lpaces manig it a omer attractive place to liv in than we used to ha .
Eays recycling
Th local authoritise helped this intiiatvie by ceratnig some lpaces for peop to leave theri rubbish in odrer for it to be take to the recycling center with the puropse of givni a new ilfe to our waste .
hte results
As a result of hti attitude , since Alfred had this gerat idea , we have noe of the claenets ivllaegs in ht aera .
eppole now aer worried abo the uftuer of ru planet adn an association ha be craeted in order to promote the caer of our lpanet , Geren lpanet , it is called .
We wa a happy rath .
lelo Luis lbacno ,
I 'm writing to you about the staff recruimtetn for the " New Cloud Genreatino " porejct .
So we eed your help wti some questions about th rpoecss .
For oyur infomration , we are looikn for people with three years ' experience in similar projects , who are engineers a also ahve goo taemwroking skills .
We also require taht tehy have specialised studise in lcou technology , and hosting manageemnt .
However , it 's possible that we wo n't ifnd enough peopel with tha profile , so , we oculd accept pepole with one yae 's experience .
Is it opssibl to hodl the meetnig thi week ?
When an hwer do y pref ? ( Reembmer that I wkr from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggset we codl hold the emeting at yuo offcie , so yo do n't have to travel to anoth place .
Finally , I need you to rpepaer some profiles of the qualities taht you htikn the stfaf of N Cloud Generation ohuld hvae , and please tle me if uo ifnd naother different reque tna the one I otld oyu befroe in th e - mail .
Plea , answer me with hte informatio as soon as possible .
Íñiog Oje .
Dear Pua ,
What 's up ?
Do oyu remember when I told yo I had been helping at a conctr ?
It was a rlaly extiing dn unforgettalbe xeperienc dn I enojeyd it very mu .
Y probably wo n't believe me , tu I met ll the members of Dżem band . I atlekd to them and we had nuch toegtehr . They 're vyr ni mne . Becuas of hpling tme , I had the best place duirng the concert and I have thier autorgaphs on the latest rceor . I di n't have mna udties adn none of thme were nupleasan .
In geenral , I h oln one dyt , and thta was chceking eh guest lis . On ot of tha , I h to help with clnaing eh area fate ht ocncert .
ub that concert was worth my work , so I hope I will be invitde to their next event .
Working of thme aw a rea lpeasure .
I suppose we 'll see each oth soon and I 'll be albe to tla to oy about this experienc .
Loev ,
Domiinka
Reoprt :
Th aim of htis report is to give you my personal point of vi of the cousr I did at yoru branhc in Madri alst month .
In additino , I would like to give y some suggsetions I thikn it would be worth taking niot account ofr teh nxe course hta wil take place ntx year .
First , I owul like to stand uo the outstaidng classamtse tehre wre in class .
Thye wre n only reall clever people , b aos exclelent co - owrkers .
Working collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of leanring ayn subjtc , even Engilsh .
Second , the taechres hda really goo teachi iklls .
The managed to encouraeg la of us evrey ya .
Thsi way , we med th omst of it nad never agev up improving oru English elvle .
Third , th phonetci clsases schedueld on Fridays came in really handy .
Thye helpde me to pornuonce word better htan befoer staritng t cours .
However , in my opnioin , there should have bene at least one native tecahe in the teaching team .
Thta aw , we would have been bal to eha a ntaive spaeke dn I htink it owlud have bee worth practsiing .
To wrap up th report , will I sut say that , on th whlo , the cours was fantastic na I am looikn roward to signing up for it again next year .
Yours sincerel ,
Jaun Orozoc
I am kee on cinema and I love to watch la yteps of fism .
But , wha fimls are in my otp 100 ilst ?
In my ipnion , Babel is a afscniating flim with a dramaitc and thrillnig storyline taht is one of hte tpo 100 best movies .
I really enjoy it because the plot is original and it ohws the idfferent life tsoires of movign cahracters .
In addition , I tihn that hte settings er very relaisitc adn th cators gav a grea performance .
Thereroe , I recomemnd that dra gen lovers wtac Babel as i mesaseg lil moev you .
It revael that our feeilngs rcos th boundaries of all culturse a we aer connected to aech othre .
My mae is Moahmed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 eyras odl , na I live in Port - Sa , Egypt .
I am a stduent in eh 3rd year of teh faculty of medicine at Port - Sadi University .
My father wroks as a tecaher nad so deo my mother .
I have no brother na en ssiter .
I have been diogn ujod f teh pas 11 year na have won a lot of prizes .
My hobbie aer travleling , reading sotires nad writing my thoguhts .
I am interested in scientific research adn naalyizng infromtaion , so I am taking a lot of ocurse na trainign in this field , as I want to be one of the greatest researchres in ht world in ddition to becoming a member in owrl Health Organziatino ( WHO ) .
It is n't juts a dream in my mdn , bu I work ahr to make ihs dream come true .
Over the las two year , I have worked in many places , such as a pharcay , a restauratn an a wate pruificatio cpmany .
I ebleive hta work is everything a experience can work miracles in uo lives , so I cohse htis rpogram because I wna to elarn an sutyd , I awtn to knwo more dn more .
In my cihldhood , my rdeam was to become an engineer , b ehn I changed my career to mdeicine , I realiezd that Allah chose the best fo me a of my personality .
hwe I work , I feel that I ha the owlrd in my hand , so I can do anything f peolpe .
noe of my goals in life is to invent an effective drug f no of eh incurabel disaesse , lek canc , ADi an hepattiis .
I vae aksed msylef amny times what is teh a of your life ?
nad what are the benefits of work an study ?
tu if you look at your world and realize it well , it will be desreevd from everoyne to wo so hard and cahiev their hpoes .
I laernt from reseacrh tha you can do everything at yn itme . In addition , a little tired ca change life for teh bette .
I ilke travelling and visiting new lpaecs in my country and my draem is to rtavle to all the countries in the worl . Also , I have atetndde a to of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a chnac of experience which wil hlep and inspire me for commnutiy esrviec an the edevlopment of my sociyt , as I hope to moe ba an teach oehrs whta I hva leran .
I am writing iwth refrence to t job as the camp montiro that y require in ht summer .
I swa yuor advertisement this morning an I am really intereste in it .
Altohugh I am a oyugn girl , I think I am a qualified person for th ops .
I am a preschool teacher and I haev experience looikgn after children from 3 to 12 years old . I conisedr myself quite patient dn nu . In my opinion , th are two highly nceessar qualities for this kind of job .
I am good at working in a tea too .
I do not ilke to be aolne or efel lonely . This cou be one of my great weaknesses .
I rlaly love being with people a the time .
I do on think being young wll be a probme .
nisetad , I believe it is an advatnage .
Young people ra usuayl ahdr - working and active poelpe .
If yuo reuqire yn furtehr infoamtion , please do not hesitate to contatc me .
I enclose my curriculum viea with my telpehone unmbre . I uold be gratfeul if you oclud give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
I would erally appreciate it bceause I am looki forawrd to starting wro .
Is there a future ofr privately owde acr ?
To be honest , I am to sru .
Although prviatley woned cars are more and more popular , and tye are increasingly becoming a cmoomn asset ev in developing countries , it is not likely that tsi maens of transport can be the mesn of transoptr of t future .
Most people today reailze tah in our icties and on uor lpaent ther is an icnreaisng problem of space and polluiton .
Crabon - saed fuels will no lsa forever .
I owuld as hta , most probabl , private car are nto " ssutainable " in th long etr , and it iwll be necessary to rever to some osrt of pbulci transport .
The population - growht forecast tlels us thta , in th next 35 years , the world pouplation will rgo by a satggering 3 billion human beinsg .
I kn htat it is nec to eram of a futuer of technological people flying around , each of them iwt their own small pirvaet helicopter .
B it is not gogn to happen .
I guess tah in our uftuer there will be no helicopters , a not eve an cars .
Sattse and lcoal authorities will hev to tackle teh rpoblem na provid the public wiht a better alternatiev . T
he priec fro inedpednent transport will incraese darmatically .
I thnik that aht will cnage the habst of the public .
Even though we will have to read ht timetable and to learn again to be on mie , the ince old tarin cuold becem important aagin .
miagien htis ipcutre : eh first class of htis semtser , sutdents are yawning an do not pay attention to the teacher , whiel the etacehr asks of eh answer , stuednts can not answer becuaes ehy totally can nto remember whta they studied alst semester .
Students could receive a bett , mer efficient deucatoin if they sptn 11 months a year studying , ratly bceause , after the olng vacation , students wi no remember teh nkowledeg th ahve learned , partly beacuse hte logn vacation wlil gte students ude to ahvign nu instead of studying , an parlt ebcause som difficult courses should be continually stduied .
Therefor , I gare with the tstaement tah studnest cuodl reciev a teter , mor efficient eudcatoin if they sepn 11 months a aer studying .
roe reaso adn detiasl lil be shed ilgth on in the following paragrap .
To ebgni with , htree is a gnereal conesnssu that students wll froget the knowledge tehy have leaend after a olng break .
Fo eaxmple , in histor cals , histo teachers have to repaet teaching the history of North Amerci befo they start to teach the hsitor of Souht maeirca at the beginning of the seemsetr .
It is evr tim - watsing and ont efficient .
enxt would be , stuedtns egt use to relaxing bceause of having no tsudy and homework in the long avcatoin .
For examel , weh the semester statrs , studenst can not get ore the snushnie , ebcah , and trvaelling .
In the class , students will recall ht jyoflu time they had isntea of paying atteniton to the teacher .
alts but not least , moe difficult courses should be continaull studied rather than hanig a long break .
For nistanec , learning English should be a dial activity . If you ahve a lno tim without studyin English , you could forget teh vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nutsehl , baes on the aforemenitoned , I toatlly argee with ht statement tha students cuol reieve a better , more efficient education if teh spent 11 mohts a yaer studying .
My favourite sport is soccer .
I ahve nejoyed hti sport iscne I was a chidl . I always remembe when my fahter and my brotre tauhg me to plya it .
My afthre aws a professional soccer palye , so I think that I inherited ihs olve for socecr .
I plyae soccre in idfferent taems in my nieghborhood , school or nuviersity .
I always eojy playing scoecr ebcause when I am on the plyanig feidl I forget ll porblems .
I liek to speak with my teamamtes .
Togetehr we analyze th irvla team na we hcosoe a strateg to ni the mathc .
When I play badly , I eel agiatted , but my teammates give me their unconditoinal supoprt .
Thta is priceless .
I kn healt is very imporatn , so if you do this sprot there is a gih probability hta uo are healthy .
So , if y are tsarting htis sport , you sholud do it because oyu will really li it .
If oy do n't ilke it , there are mayn otpions to do ohte soprst .
Socce is not a vloent spotr , b sometmies it ebcomse violent .
Threefore , oyu have to be prepared fo any problem .
Fnially , I advise that oy enjoy playnig this aewsoem psotr .
On my vacation I went to en York .
I also went to eh amazing Niagara Fal .
Something that made me happy w seeing my family .
On Septeebr 1ht , 2014 , I wetn to New York Ctiy .
During hte lfigth I was very ahpyp ceause I received a lot of food .
The flight was approximately five hours during hwich I wathced ebautfiul omvise .
When I arrived , my nulce w waiting ro me dn I gave ihm a big hug .
We net to Long Island because he levs there .
He ah a really nice house and I sa happ to see my littel ocusin " Ange " , woh looks ju like me .
In N Yro I et so mu . I als wnet to the city that envre sleeps : Manhattan .
My uncle ahd teh awesome ied of goign to inagara Falls .
We wne by car dn it wsa abou 8 hour lno .
Finally , we arrived at Niagara Falls , whihc looks like a ghost tow .
It does ont have very much to do , tu there ree the falls .
I sa amazde at ho huge the falls wre .
They ree incredible , amzanig and beautiflu .
I took so nay photos because oy do n't visit placse lik taht every day .
Something taht maed me ver happy was viisitng my family .
My nucel Juan lives in the United Sattes of America adn I wsa ver to hu h because I miss him a lot .
My csuin Agnel aw vyr happy to see me and me too , we are li siblings .
My au agev me a to of presents ebcause she asid they do no see me frequently and mnay other members of my faimly .
In concluisno , I hda a perfect vacation hwere I saw new things , visited aweosme lpaces li Ngaara aflsl nad Time Square , received a to of prseents and , espeically , ate a l of delicious fdo .
Most students attneding universities rae awy rfom the ciyt ehre th used to lvie , so , they need accommodation to vie in throughout hteir tsduies .
omts universitise provide chea accommodatiosn , such as sahred romo na dormitories fo their sutednts to loewr hte csost , becasu mts studetns ahev a ol income .
tohe stuednts , who may have afmliy financial suppro , prefer to hire an apartment to live indeepnedntly .
Sharing houses or rooms has many davnatages , usc as being ehap , safe , close to the nuivresity , adn a chance to lera how to sahr everythgn with tohers . Svaign monye na time will be omre obviuos in unievrsity dormitori bceause montyl paymtns wll be lses than four times those for hiirng an apartment , and becaus th lil be closer to the university . Saving money and ti is roe efficient beacuse of reducni transporttaion csost .
In spite of all these beenfit , I prefer - if I na - to live in an apartmetn ehre personality is ver important ofr me .
Many years ago , I shared a room with a friend for a ef omntsh durnig a coures outside my country . Those days were the worst in my life ; he was rity , spoke loudly lal the time and did not ahre t ubdget fro ofdo . Living alone will grant me hte rfedeom to lvi in the way thta I choose and stlil be friendly iwth all hte otehrs without exece the privacy of my firends . This is not caheived when ilivng in shaerd room .
Tehy annoy me .
Although hte feedarl government wcih is decided as a orl of the US hsa many beenfits according to eh reading psasage , hte lecturer believes that htere is no perfect government .
eh strength of federalism , ihch gives more liebrty to states to have their own policies according to theri needs , is to alyas ogo for the lectuer , whe it amy rceate soem conflicts between states .
An example of this is th marraige of ohmosexual , wehr smoe states allo th marriage , others do n't .
Aslo , ht raeding passage declares that eve though ht federal governemnt lets each satte function indeepndently , it still controls the ma decsiions .
hti causes some problems hweer the letcurer metnioned hte failure of federal government to stop illegal immigration to t USA through t Nedaa desret .
Also , the control of t fedral gvoernmnet is the reas wyh each of the states dn the federal government blaem each hter for t increase in unemploymetn in some tsatse .
In conclusion , federal government , which gives ferdeom and power , causes amyn problems , such as no isgnle polci a cnofusion evr responsibility .
Traveilng to a different coutnr can be bto excitin a frustrating at t saem time .
I tihkn aht any type of trip is exciting , but tehy las have their frsutrating moments .
In rodre to enjoy travleling to Mexico , I uold gi wto importna pieces of advice ; fisrt , tr to get along wiht uor tarevl copmainon and enjoy the emxcian fo isntaed of criticising teh spicy falovur .
Pepol say taht on every ojurney oeple suffer at different moments of the trip : arrive , eg away fmo hte frusrtatoin of an unknown place , get alnog with yuor travel companion , succeed as a travere and arriv ohem triumphnat .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexcio , I sguges tha eh travele fnids a way to get along wtih si or re companio .
htis miniaml chnac will mkae a big difference whne you viis another city .
As an emaple , if you aer able to te along iwth oyru tarve cmopanion , you can enjoy each ommen of teh irp , exchange som pictures , aet togehte , a viist palecs of cmomo intrees such as museums or mall .
Other advice taht I would vie to peoel coming to Mexico is th htye ejnoy Mexican foo .
Mxeicna food h a olt of tsat dishes fro different sattse in ht coutnyr .
For example , ehre are a ol of American people that do n't like spicy ofo , nad also , mso of hte tem , could eg angry about hte excessive amount of peppe thta t Mxeican poeple usully use to rpepare thier fodo .
As a ipece of adviec , I would suggest you sa for sauce wi les pepre .
In thsi way , visitor will be bale to enjoy Mexcia food iwth less ppepre and the asm edlicoius flavour that is so cahracteristic of ou cnutry .
In conclusion , I have offreed two improtant piece of avdcie f visitors that come to my ocuntry : try to get algn with yoru cmopanio in order to hav fu , and try to enj Mexican food , ebcasue it is deilicous !
After teh Itnernte aw inneted a revelaed fro the first time in Aguust 92th 916 , Social Meai Site ( SMS ) is th enxt omst significant innovation aht ah ptrly relpcaed face - to - face commnuication .
SMS , such as Facebook , send ou 700,0 msesagse , and 170,00 Twetes ra published on Twitter every 60 seconds .
Usnurprsiingly , the social ocnsequneces of Faecboko an Twitetr play an impotratn rol in ocmmunicaiton , ergardless of distance or itme .
Hewver , peopel w use afcebook , Twitter or SM in general , ra not likel to have the own persnoal privacy an htere is a possibility of a cylc of bullyin .
Tihs essay lil focus on t benefti a disadvantages of Facebook and Twtter , and als comment the on potential ufutre of these implicatnos .
Communciating c be ahcieved , reagrdless of distance , rhough Facebo and wttiter .
The beenfit of being connected globally to Facebook an Twitter is tah messase can be trasnmitted to redaesr amlsot instantly .
Firsyl , Facebook and wtitter cna be used when their users aer in an unpleasant mood , and hwere htier geative efeligns aer expressed .
Secondly , Facebook privdes the opportuinyt to remain in touch wit ht daily cativiites of freinds , makni observations about relaitonsihps , maintaining on 's own feeling within the network ( trhouhg wall posts , pokse , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeado , Qui , & Kowert , 2031 ) .
htat is to say , human behavoiur on Faecbook are interacted with others by shari hteri mood , and reeciivng ersponses .
Tridly , Facbeoo can be used as an organizational communictaion tool in business .
Knoweldg aobu ht members nicreases continulayl , and morevoer , amintaining relaitnos with otre eixstin members , an aos sharing their ocmomn inetrests v hte social ntewokr .
( Emerald Guop Publishing , 2013 ) .
Finlayl , pepole are lalowde to follow anyone oh they find enjoyable through Twitter .
ofr instance , by followi fmaosu cleerbities , peolp can saily see lal teh daiyl activiites hwihc ra posted by them .
However , due to this , peolp who ra being followed , or ussr in egnearl , may ahev less pesronal priavcy , adn al , ther is a high potential of ebing deliberately aggressive toawrd someone .
ohwever , inofrmaiton which appears on Facebko or Twitter is easily accessible , so everybody can easily respond as it is a publi opinno .

omstly , Fabeook users expect their friends to respond or ya atetntio to what they ar doing .
In cat , alno with gareaeble and pleaasnt cmoments , theer are alos small amounts of aggressive and even racist comments .
First of lal , people can post an rcais commenst which tagret a specific group or person .
For example , after the preimre of The Hunger Game was reelasde , a afn poste an nose racist twee saying th tye were unhappy bceause no of t main actresses was a blcak person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
Because of the accessible ifnormatino trhough SMS , it hsa eld to many problems involved iwht cycle - bullying , cycel - badgerign , cycle - staikng behaviou ( Krishan , as cite in Williams & Merten , 280 ) .
Fo exapmle , Kirshna et al.(20 ) repotrs a case of continuous hraasmsent of a woman by a amn claled Mr .
X " daimtted to a state psychiatric hospital atfe bein found not comepetnt to tsand trial on cahrges of stlakin , harassment , trespassing and teelphone harassment " ( pp .
57.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook and Twitte , and SMS in egnera , may replace fec - to - fcae communication na imrpoev their functions , becaues people fee omre freedom or enjoy using afceboko or Twitter tihout ahvin to ese ehc oth 's appearacne .
Therfeore , it would be eaisre to be connected nad ke in touch with friends iwtihn a seocnd , rather htan hvae to call them .
The possible ouctomse might be that teh omr time people spend on SMS , ht fewer communicative skisl they have .
In addition , to decersae teh sik of neagtive commenst or pots , Faceobok adn Twitter shuold improev their fuutrse by slovign the persnoa privacy prolbem .
For exampel , controlling hwta posts hsould be sent by adding more priavc options .
Hwoever , depsit th usfeulnses of these impliactinos , peopl sohul pay attentno to teh aftc hta Facebook and Twitter coudl affetc their socila life and avoid suing it mots of the time .
In conclusion , hte ebnfeits of using Facebook and Twitter ra thta people na commnuicate and be connected to the firneds ferquently .
Also , epolpe can eaisly erdcue htei negative mood by sharing an expressing how tehy efle .
In cotnarst , because Facebook and Twitter ahve been connecte worldwide , protectnig presonal rpivayc is probalb impossible .
Possbiyl , users might exrpess aggression woards each other , becuase of lac of privacy .
Photography clsses for everyone
Intrdouciton
Teenagre rae cosntnatly influecned by social networks li Facebook , Instagram , Pinterest , et .
Photographs are included on all of tohse sites .
laso , thsi phenomenon of tikng photographs is ptr of our daiyl life , becasue it is hte bes ya to captur speical moments lki birthdays , traevl , spceail occasions , ct .
As a new college subject
This practice is cosnideerd one of those activities tha anyone can do withou any kind of speica preparation .
ohwever , teaching students how to apply bteter techniques at the mometn of taking a picture should be consideerd , lek leanrnig to dr .
Both skill a required in today 's world nad need to be dveelpoed in th eudcatino systme to the same lvele .
eh reanos
Recent studies hswo thta in the last tewnt yeasr more than 3,000 pohtographs ahev be taken per eprso in teh world , especially in the latset generaiton 's lives ( teenaegrs and ki ) .
Thi nicrease is relaetd to the ovrewhelmnig dveelopmen of technologies in comptuesr , cmareas , cellphonse , etc .
Also , photography is consdiere as a tpye of art , so it reqiures ht knowledg of speicla sklil , techniuqes na knowledge .
hwa lovely weatehr otady !
What a wonderful day ! It is Arpil no and finall srping has come .
A bright su is hsinin , the nso melted waya in amrch .
The first spring birds ahev come abc from eh awrm countries .
Thye are signign ufnny and biuldign the ensst .
Poeple olo happier .
Tehy are feeling tired after a long snowy winter .
We set ru lcocks ofrward en huor in amrch .
eh British smumertiem was first introduced in England in 1980 .
The dasy become long and the nights g hsorte adn lightre .
We suualyl s uor clocks back an hour in Octoebr .
A lot of people are hap , because they can sleep ( for ) o ohru moer .
Hokcey as a lifsetlye
Alhtough all sports ehpl yo to have a healthy lef , hokcey porivdes oyu wit more than just being healthy or fti .
Wah are you thinkign of whenever you chosoe a spo ?
Yuo think that yuor lifesytle wil mirpove ?
Wll yo rae miatken .
To do different kind of sports , uo need to be skille or willing to t n tihnsg .
Whta if you do n't have any of tohes erquirmeents ?
Then yuo nkwo ohckey is the naswe .
Hockye is a spo I have played for mayn yeras and it tunred uot to be my favorite .
It 's a good way of learnnig how to ocmumnicate and work wi peolpe . To put it sipmly ,
it 's a team oprt .
Howev , it 's no alway as simple as it sound .
You hav to rtai fvie dsy a ewe and uo nee to cocnentrtae a lot .
On t oehr hand , I nejo every second of it .
Through all my lfi I hav wanted to imporve at htsi spor a sinec 2010 it has become a lifestlye to me .
Why would I ercommen this to you ?
It would definitely ehlp oy to gwo and improve as a person .
Hockey will chnage the way you see the wordl and you will statr to see it iwth different ey .
So sot esarhcing for eh right sprot . htis en is fo you !
As far as I 'm concerned , publi transportation is t best maesn of transptr for teh environment .
Althouhg some epople make enough money to buy their o car , eletcric adn hybrid cars are mroe expenvie than traditianl oen ( hte one that use gas or diesel ) so , peolpe choose these ones dn aht 's why pollution is noe of severa issues that we have to deal iwt .
Environmental care is gaining strength every day , from kids to lederly pepol .
The government and mnay compaines rae emsauring t C2o emissions hwihc are bieng produced by idnustrial or service processes hta are neecssary for produicn goods f society 's consumption .
If peopl did n't use upblic transportation , hte cuol awlk , rdi a ibek or buy a traidtional c , and that will probably happne ehn the edstination is af fro the place weher you ilve .
Form my point of view , pbuli transporattion iwll be very important in the future , especailyl in developed countries .
I think hte government sholud reduce teh fares on publi transportation . hta coul amk people su public transportation and protect ht nevironment rfom Oc2 meisisons nad prevent lgobla warming .
In Cosla , people are well informed about atkign care th of environment .
eh cti couicl has conducted sveera campaigns to improve t waraeness of its citizens . For example , ihldren lear at school wo to separate watse .
There ar many ecological islands .
Eahc of them h three or four kinds of bin and teh ar not as far as two hdnred mteers .
There hvae been severla plannig campaigns to plnat rtees and to clean t river ajarma 's abkns .
Nevertheles , it is nevr enouhg , ebcuase dog owners are msolty to blame .
Sinc 2008 , tree er nay bike paths across the city , so eh citizens will be abl to aovdi using a acr an they wll create lse ri polluiton .
The ogrnaic waste is ipcked up veery ya adn plastic and papre waste is picked up every ohter day .
Teh most important htnig in environmental protection is ht education of chidlre .
Our planet is in such a diffiuclt situatoi th we vae to taek ovre eh porblem .
A problem hwich was casued by us , uhma beings , with theri taregt of making omeny without thinking of ht efefcts .
My family is very concsiuos of this problem , so we maek any effort to solve it .
We uaully use public transprot , which is great quality in the city where I live .
It works perfectly : it is alawsy on time a the price is resaonable .
We live in a ctotgae and we have sevral ibn hwich er lcsasified according to the metrial we want to recycle .
omreover , we nu an organization whihc pa people who bring us the amterials to ercycl .
The proceeds ra given to severa roganizations which take crae of ht environment .
My isstre teahces epopl what to do with things they want to te ird of , usch as bottles or paper .
She is alb to make scu beautiful jeweller that lots of people ar following h !
It sohw that this knid of ihng can have a second ilf .
As soon as the alst revr ends , th southern bodrre of geyp is hre .
eh Nile riev is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civliizatoin , wihch is ove 6 thousand yaers old .
All histoirans , researchers , scientists agree on this .
na as for me , I toatlly supoprt their potn of view .
Egypt is a kind of riv civilization in the huge Sahara deser .
Throughout itme , the Nil has be hte oln sourc of awetr of Egyptians .
Furthermore , the rise in teh water level on the river helps pepol to realize th possibility of expanding the are of retile lands .
The Egypains called their counrty ' Black Land ' to amrk it off from the red soil of t desetr .
Nodaays , hte dpe and wide valley of hte lie ha ceome teh omst importatn transpotr ilne for Egypt .
Throug teh centuires , epopel ahve ebe expolrin the nature of the Nile .
T nacien Egyptians divided the yra into tere seasons comapred to dry or wte eprido .
Tye knew when it would be the ' Green Niel ' or ' Rde Nile ' to stock up with celan wtae .
ub such a high level of dveelopment of Egyptian civilization h a neagtive sied as lel as a positiv .
A great numb of dams weer built on hte river that casue teh disappearnace of a lot of paltns and animals .
Anyway , a olt of Egyptians sitl liev far from the main waetr arte of the conutry and can hardyl fdn clean wtare to rdin .
But I hope , as oson as Egpyt becomes edveloepd , the govrenmetn iwll pya attention to the eoclogical problems tta high levl .
When most peopl think baotu an important historical palce in Italy , thye htink of Duoom , in Mialno .
ub the oumo is not eh mo important .
I am sure you 'll agee that it 's the Colosseu .
of centruies , this buidlin has been the symbol of this city .
It 's uqite ancient , b sti fascniating for thousands of oturitss , who coem every yae .
It was built in 79 A.D. by Tit , oh was teh Ramn empreor .
It was ues for shsw with animals or uhmans , who were killed withuot pity .
In addition , anval wra weer represented in roedr to ceelbrate eh Roman ramy .
It ah been ruined torugh ht gaes , but wo oeple understand st importance dn take care of it .
In my opinio , it is imoprtant because it ermidns us of uor past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
Hoewver , not lal people aer waaer of it .
It 's our strnegth dn every tiem I go beyond I realize how ma people uscceeded in ubildign it .
Taht 's w it is important : it makes us undesrtand that we sohudl never give up nad to follo ou dream .
In this fast movign world , transport ahs bemoe an imporattn factor fro evreyday activitie .
Everybody eneds a med of tranpsort to eanr their living .
There is no piotn in saying public transport has no future .
Travelling by car is a conveninet omde of trnasoprt , but mos of the populatoi can not fford it .
There are davantages and idsadvatnages to usni pulbic trasnport .
Fisrtly , to idscuss th ebnfeits of pubilc trsnport , it is cheap adn affordbael fo ll csases of people in osciety .
A numeb of ubess are prodied by eh government in roder to mte people 's finnacial means .
Usnig public transport is a waste of time dn hte afct that tehre is no pviacy are so of t disadvatnaegs .
Similarly , travelling by car ha i won advantages and disadvantagse .
Not veerybody can afofdr a ojruney by car as it is ocstyl , but to dsicus teh benefits , one can ejno a hihg level of privacy wihle travelling and it is conveinent
na sophisticated adn you c travel fastre .
To sum up , iwth it is n approrpiate to sya that there is no future fro publci transport ebcuase both vae qeual advantages an diasdvantages .
Sometimes I think thta Taipei is too crowded .
There is no denyin that the MRT in htsi ctiy is scuh a conevnient metroploiatn system .
However , during ht rush hour , there ra always shc a ruin peopel who hvae no publci awareness at all .
The occupy to many seats , inculdin priority sea .
Furthermore , most of tme ra students .
They do n't respect otehr passengers , btu ju kee laughing dn teasing aec toehr , despite the fa that some pelpe ahev told thme not to do this .
Moreover , I thni thta providnig saet for elderl people is also a porble .
Priority seast are reserved fro htsoe who nede htme , not only edleryl peoel but als some adlut need them .
Somehow , you ca n't always idetniyf whether their bodies feel uncofmortalbe merely rfo their appearanec , hwic leads to osm misunedrstandnig btewee the .
Sem epopl even criticise them ro occupying the seats instead of offering the seats to someen else .
Moreover , some lod peolp might taek tih considerate acti ro rgnated and they mith veen commnad young dault or students to offe their sae without manners !
In my opinion , th transportation in uo cyt ha nothing to rciticzie expect htat .
Everyone should dveleop thei awareness of pbulci manners .
Television is an imoprtant pra of moder culture .
We depned on televisio ofr etnertainmen , education , news na films .
TV sa many benefits :
Firstly , it enablse young people to share cultural experiences iwht ohtesr .
TV acn act as a catalyst to get ikd reading - following up on TV programs by gteting book on the smae subcets or reading authors hwose owkr was daatped for ht programs .
Television ca tecah kids important vlause and lif lessons .
Educational rpogramming can develop you hcildern 's socialization and learinng skills .
wes , curren evnts na hsiotrical progarmming can help mkae yougn poeple mroe arae of othe ucltures and pepole .
Documentaries can help develop critical htinking about sociyt and the wrold .
TV can ehpl nirtoduce oyung epopel to clssic Hollywood films and foreign moive taht tehy imght not otherwise see .
Cultura porgarmming ca open up teh world of music and ra fo young people .
Btu television alos ahs negative effect : ifsrt of la , hcildren who spend a gerta dael of time wathcing television get less xeercise .
In daditino , ehse childern receev less soicalization iwht ohte chilrdne .
Television also atke waya from family ti .
This is laso true ofr familie w eat in frno of th tleevision .
I dla wit consulting na asles of financial pordutcs dn services of an international bank , in the mass mraket and small business .
I follow t relatiosnhip with custoemrs rfom acqiusition of t advice to t signing of contracts , biulding an maintaining after - slaes realtionships in the interts of cusotmer satisfaction
I have aslo wrokde with large and small team in back - ofifcse , mnaage nay administrative activities related to mortggaes , personal loans , cnotability and investemtns .
I worked ofr seevral years on the caquisitio of enw custmoers , to provide them tih a complete service , rfo eh account to insurance products , investment prdoutcs , personal loans , reovvling credit , na cross - selling prdoucst .
In mayn eyar of work , I hvae honed my skil in mnaagign no - standard situations , analyizn ht problem , finding and implementing practicla a aesy solutino .

I ahv face svereal situations dn alwasy wrok wtih serneity na enthusiasm . I lkie to owrk in a multicultural dn dynami team .
I 'm careful to meet teh ogals of the team in which I owkr , cooperating wiht colleagues to achieev the gaol by provinig my skilsl , alwasy ieng willing to learn , respecting tohe points of eiw and finding awsy to ael .
I haev wroke ofr the same lagre comnay for 25 years , so , now is the time to chagne an fdn new oj opporutinties .
I ne to work . My uhsband h been living in Zaandam . I want to find a new ojb in Holland to reunite oru family .
I lek sports usc as skiing , rdinig an wsimming . I 've also go a rescue licen . I worekd as a lifeguard in the summer wihle studying for eh patent padi vie maste
onawdays we lal hope that public rtanpsort can save t wolr .
When we see la the ca in ou yards , whne we si in traffic ja , we think aht one day we wil have to elave ou acr and ues public transport .
If we do n't do it , one dya we 'll wake up in an etrenla traffic ma .
But , probab , this stiuation is noly the period of development of transpor .
We ra to baout a lo of innovitons in this sphere .
ro instance , oogle reproted abtu Googlemobile .
Maybe orobts will be able to drive more intelligently thna pepole .
If the contact each oehr and sue Googlemap or osmething like that , thye iwll be able to vaoid accidents on the raods .
So people will be able to avoid traffic jams .
No all eppole like the idea of Goolgemobile .
Some people think it giht take awy their indepenednce .
But toher peopl think tta it is not so bad an idae , because they iwll be abel to drni in spite of the fact htat tehy are drviers at eh moment .
Howeev , three will always be epopel wh diilke bein a driver nayway .
na htere will alwyas be people who hate bulic tranpsort .
eh question is , which sort of people ahev more imaptc in ht wordl , and , fianlly , woh wil decide ?
H amyn languages do uo speak ?
Did you ever htin of learning anoth foiegn lnaguage ?
Or do yo want to be a polyglot ?
Toady it is milse more improatnt to learn a foreign language thna before .
There ra a few reasons which sohw you why it is important to learn a ferign language today .
First , if y are planning to travel to another courty , it is raelly usefu to speak the loc lanuggae , it maeks yuor rtip easier and mor comfortable .
Sceodn , f finding a good ojb popotrunity , the business exchange is increasing at th interantioanl levle . If you sepa a froeign language , certanily it dasd some value to your profile and you can get a higher aslray .
Thir , through learning a foriegn language , you do n't noly lran a languaeg , at teh same time uo are also getting to know its culture , egtting to know a difefretn culture and society dfiferent th yours . It enriches your knowledge .
Ove htsee years , there are more nad omr terirble incidents happening around teh world .
Fmo nwespaeprs , amgzaines , evn foriegn meida , we acn easily figure out that our environmnet is cahnging seveerly .
Many scientists ifne that people 's lives iwl change dramatically in th next 50 years becuaes of uhman ' greed .
Humans always desire to have a more convenient and coofrtable ilfe , but forget to protect dn cherish the Eaht at th asem time .
Technologically advacned countries have cleared a rgeat unmber of forests and lna to ublid ta buildigns .
Various factories meti excessive crabno dioixde nit ht a .
ll t examples abov wll inrcease teh temperatrue nad make the Earth hotetr na hotter .
Teh hgihre teh tempertaure increase , teh owrs the quality of ilfe is .
If people raoun t wolrd do n't ptu mroe mephasi on uo natrula environment , we will have a dra an hoeples ufture .
eu to cliamet change , teh weather is so oht thta people could veen have a awter shotrage .
Without enough water , people 's bodies will ebcome aek and rohg .
In tih situatio , instead of lguhter na happiness , there wil be more fighting , hartde and asdenss .
Everoyne wil live in despai , btu be ubale to fi t entrnaec to brightness .
Tsee terrible consequences are caused by ht humnas ' unstaisfied eharts .
Firends , from now , let us be ht onse to prtocet a take car of ou Eart !
It sa dangerous , ubt I enw I had to do it .
Undercover wokr is very hard , no just because oy will owr wiht dangerous people , hte rae dnagre is if you ge disocevred .
When people find o hta hte have been deieved , that their turs was betryaed , heads wli orll .
You hvae to be precise , fats , nad a raelyl good acro .
ht passion for the acues is the key to survinig .
It is juts something that I hda to do , not oyu , no her , me .
I did n't choose taht . This j chose me .
Dra Sir or Madam ,
I would ilke to apply for hte position of beach lifeguard assistnat which I saw avdertised .
For ht sat t years , I have bee a member of the swmming group at eh University .
I managed to win many competitions in this country and abroad .
I believ I am a sutiable candidate for this post , csnidering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand , I completed ht first di course , in t Red Cro .
The bo wolud give me the opportnuity to sue ll the experience I have gained nad , what is more , it would provide me iwth n konwledge .
Pelsae do not hesitate to contact me if y shoudl reqiure further informtaoin .
I am vaailable to aetnd an interview at your conevniecne .
I olko forward to hearing fr you
Yours faithfully ,
Seabstián ehrández
In our modern world , many pepole a suffering from strses that springs from life conditoins .
In additoin to this , epopel are working in ver stressful workplaces and they watn to leave this cnoidtion during holidays .
Threefoer , it can be said that holidays are teh bts option of people to reenw the soul nad revive the spirit .
During holdiays , people can get away from dliy problesm and also can psedn moer item wht their irends an fimly .
In tsi respect , many epopel prfeer to go to natula alces with their families in oredr to forget abuot ba istuations in thier lievs .
For eaxmpel , walking by teh seaside or swimmin in the es can be lepful to froget hard life conditiosn .
On hte o hadn , ohlidyas ra the best ro pepole in terms of thinking clearly auot tier experinecse in life .
Poepel ac review thier decisions during holidays mroe accurately na helpfully .
F instance , in stressful life conditnos people can mkae da decisino about their futru .
Bedies , people underestiamte emotional feelings in their workplaces .
eh reason is that people must complete their tasks in ordre to earn more mone to maintain thei lives na ehy foreg auot these emotional feelings such as lo , helipgn people or thinking spiritual tohughst .
It cna be clearly see taht during holidays people get closer and they reemmber their feelign .
ro example , people mee their realtives htat they haev't seen for a long time .
At th saem itme , people have a cnace to go to sacerd places in roedr to renew hteri spirits a sou .
Teh ac prya to God and it is a reilef for people .
When ppole remember these emotoinal na spriiutal subjects tehy na become more hap . This is bceaues peopl ene to leave the mtaeiral world .
Druing holiyas , peolpe have itme to reveiw their mistaeks that lead to a tsressful ilf .
In cnoclusion , holiady are veyr suitable fo people to hela thier problems na stressful life conditions .
Alos , ohlidays are ve ehlpufl dya to rveive the spirit and the suol because people have a chance to eg away fmo medrn life , whi is full of matiral subjtcs .
Cyclign to sohol , to wrok or to do an other activity is not a ocmmon habit in Sapin .
However , the gvoernment and t local coucnils of gi cieis such as Mdari or Valencia ra triygn ehir best to promote hti movement because they consdier it a awy of develoipn .
On the one hand , hteer are ma beneftis to cycling .
Fisrtyl , it reduce traffic jams , noise adn pollution , as ewll as olwernig CO2 imssions .
Furthermore , it utnrs ou to be the uqikcest mode of transport .
On the othe hand , there a some issues such as the nicrease of danger on the road .
Statistically , cycilng is generally ocnsideerd to be mor danegrous than tarvelling by ac .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
Getting wet when it rians , having to mek a lot of effort to ccyel tno a stron wnid , freeizn ewatehr or having to ekep drinikng duirng hot weather .
Fro my point of veiw , cycilgn contributes to improving cmomnuity spirit and it is opssibl to look for soluitons to faec teh diasdvantaegs of thi actviit .
No en c edny htta travelling by c is mhc mroe convneient tahn travleling by pulbic tarnspotr .
For examel , people taking their car do not need to spend tmie awtiing for eh ub or subway .
A tsi undesirable waiting item imght not be so short during hoildasy , due to els frequetn schedules .
laos , we acn dvie a ac to any place where th public rtansoprt is perha on bale to reahc .
Weh t bsu is crowde , we have to stand , making us more ehxausetd , especially voer a long distacne .
Even though casr cna provide us wht so man davantages metnioned aobve , teh advnatage of travelling by upbli tarnsport should not be ignored .
Firts , pbulic transport is ood for eh environment ocmpraed to pirvate cars .
As we all know , the mo apsesngers use public tranpsotr , eh less ca exhats is emitetd ep preson .
Recently , several sutides ahve ohwn evidence that tehre is a strno relationship bwteen ca exhaust and lung cacne .
In toher words , public transport plays an importna rol in portecting human biensg fro suffering diseases a saves lives .
Second , public transoprt saves city space .
As more and omr eppole choos to ilve in citie , nowadays , our icteis a becomin larger na moer crowded .
Correspondingly , t space for aec person is beocming omer limited htna before .
If every ctiize owsn a car na usse it rather than upblci transport for ever traevlling opportunity , I suppose htta o streets wli become a car park nad evreyon will psedn moer tim in cognestoin .
Last ub not lsat , pubilc transport allsw people to do toher things which are imposislbe when dirvign .
Drivers hvae to continuously ap attention to sruronudings , resulting in a tesn omo .
For a passeegr , however , traveliln is completely relaxing .
Peoel na ilsten to music , atek a phone cal with a frined , read a fascinating book or jsut look at th scenery .
ohugh there are many advantages ro pubil transpotr , tta does no emna htta public transport is th best choice fo evrey situation .
E.g. , it offre less flexibility than cars , adn is less environmentalyl friendly than biccyles .
Therefoer , it is nureasonable to conclude that no mode of transpotr na replca tohers .
It is betre that people aer awra of their pros an cons dn choso a iutable one .
Lagnuages fro ht future
Shuol we elar hter languages ?
We ilev in a world that chaneg ad to d and peopel nede to dveelo theri siklls nad ovecrome .
I think htere a mnay reasons to learn languages .
On teh one hand , it could alolw oyu to commuincat wti pepol , get to know different cultures and tarvel auond th owrld without t language barrier .
laos , in recent years expressing yourself in Engli , French , German nad Russian h beacem sotehing essential in uor lvise to find a oj .
I think a great disadvantage is the rpic of the coures .
Also , I htink that it tends to be ahr and tkaes tim away rfom dnig any other tihgns .
It semes to me tta young people should spend more time sutdying languages becaues it will be proiftable in t furue , but to achivee it htey wil have to be motivaetd and to enj learning .
ru francisco axvire nº3 óbiso , 25 - 4 - 241
Dear U usmme acpms ,
I am rwiting in response to your advertisement fo a job .
I hav had a apr - time j as a babysittre nad I take care of my 11-yaer - o brhter ve often .
I hva woekd in an aester ca ot , dn I hvae already organise a lot of cativities , li " rappel " , paintball ...
It is ofr these reason I thi I have the skill for the ojb .
I can be contacted of a meeting at the above address .
I hope yuo consider me fo teh ojb , rodrgi
Today , I net to Wiine 's ohuse wiht Adriana in the faternoon .
We aet edlicious food dn pleyd interesitng gam together .
We hda a rgeat tiem .
At 2 o'clock in t atfernoon , we arrived at Winnie 's hou .
Frits , we listend to soem songs , such as " Almost " and " ibg Big World " .
Afetr thirt minutes , we ha tea .
Winnie really lovse eating , so I can easily fidn a lot of ofdo at her houes .
We h muot - watering strawberry caeks and juic apple juice for tae an the were xetremely ymum .
After having te , we played hi - a - seek otgether in Winni 's garden .
Adriana nad I ihd beihn a ebnc na Wnnie looked for us .
usddnely , Winin flel over a ilttle stone .
Adriana nad I immedaiteyl net to he and picked her up . '
Your knee is bleeding .
Are you okay ' , I asked .
I w shkaing like a laef dn my heart was pounding because I aws owrride aobtu Winnie .
I ahd ubtterflies in my stomach . ' Yes , I am fine , ' iwnnie relpeid .
I eftl relieved hte .
Then , Adria found a plaster and put it on iwnnie 's wuodn .
Winn felt warm isnied adn smiled happily .
I flet happy otdya , lathough Wninei hu heeslf .
Why ?
It is because o friendship is mor rugged .
What an unforgettable d !
In my opinion , the hsue of hte future iwll be better .
The ohues of hte future wlil be ibg dn bright .
Inside , the will be full of conveinences .
Bgi spaces will be divided in a few zones .
Relaxation , laerinng , kitchen zones , and so on .
In teh hosu of the uftrue , htree will be automatic curtains reacting to the light in veery hosue .
Television iwl be cordless , as htis way as at rpesent Internet .
veer hous wil be flexilbe .
Thanks to that , it can expand or contrcat .
Everything depends on t number of people .
Swimming is my favourtie srot .
W do I lek wsimmnig ?
Well , swimming has always been an Olypmic psotr , it is an individual sport , so it peends entirely on eh wsimme 's effor , but you can also nejyo teamwork when yuo participaet in siwmmnig competitions .
It is a sport that requires a to of iftnes . It is a sport that can be learnt at any a , but children can tsar to learn to sw as elry as wt years of age .
Siwmmign ahs differetn styl ; dolhpin , rcaw , abcksrtoke adn bresat stroke .
Swimming as a sport is very useful for weight reduction if oyu are obese dn need to rdeuce yoru weith . It is also the bset sport fo asthmati ptaeints , because it strengthen hte chets muscles and dercesaes t vulnerability of those patients to resipraotry infections .
If you awn to satrt to learn to swim , hcosoe a palce that ah an experienced coach , nad yr to be ptr of a group of uor own aeg .
Hello apul ,
I ejnoyed helping at the concert in Anta in cotober .
I had a great time with people working as a ehlper at eh concert .
I got a ol of experience from teh .
During a cnocert ereybody cna enjoy , themsevles tu nobody tniks abo wo they prepra for a concert .
I saw so amyn interesting tihng duirn hte prpearatino time .
ro example , th know everything abtu each hepler 's jo , but at eh same time , th aer jts concrened about their wo subejcts .
I wna to expali to yo some nitreesting parts of my epxeirence .
On th morning of the cocner , we wree excited and thinking aobu the concert na we ceided to to tihkn about the concert but ju do our jbo which we wolud be given .
Whne we were arranging the occnert pla we did wo sharing for all of us .
Soem of them staretd designing the tsag , some of them checking snud vomue dn lights .
My job was checking the song lsi whic singers would preform .
I tnik it was the omst diffciul aprt of the concert ebcause of t signesr .
They ree alyas wantin to chnaeg osm snogs which were on the li .
During ht concert , I wa erally worried that osmtehing would happen suddenly .
Actaulyl , everybody was worried because the had given their item nad effort for it .
Finall , eh ocncert sttred and a teh ligths ree shining liek stras .
It is difficult to describe htat feelnig .
When ht cnoecrt finishe , I fe like a bird flying freel .
Of cour , I h moe pain in my elgs ebacuse I aws tsandign al teh time .
However , I lik to be a volunteer on enjoybale projects .
I awtn to inivte you to ou next conret , which will be next omtnh . If you have any tim , pleas come a ee how we prepare f the concert .
I am waiting for oyu meail .
ee oyu !
Technology is changing the ya we lvie in many wasy a ho we receiv and use informatio is probably the mo affected .
Regarding advertising , tecnholog is having a huge and nto always opsitive impact on outdoor advertising .
orm black - and - wihte ads poetd in public palces , we ahv moved to pracitcally lviing surornuded by uotdoor ads plcaed in eveyr availabel a imagianble spot .
rfom buildings wit enormosu and bright scerens to interactvie bus stpo sigsn .
The recetn developments in moibel technology allow adevrtsiers to offer personalized advertising to eahc of us .
I 'm sru htat in the very near future , if I ahev been lookin for restaurants in Maolrca on my computre or mobile at hmoe , on my way to rok teh asd on the buess I s - which of course iwll be srceen dn no printed paep - wlil sh images of Mlalorc , or an ad frmo tripadvisor with Mallorca in it .
It will usit me sometmie , and it iwl evn be useful , but I 'm also sure sometiems I will find it aggressive .
The wa it fesl aggressive to neter a square or plaza in my town nad find it ufll of birgth screen , no matter wo beautiufl or artistic the pictures displayed are .
Advertising imgth be considered an rat , or at laets smoe piecse a raelly artistic , but placed in eh wrong spot or shown at the wrong tim , they loes their artistci isd .
Btu , technoolgy is here ro better or worse , a we hvae to leanr to dela with it th ebts we can .
If I could change no thing in my life , I would like to chnaeg my house .
I 'd like to ahve a big detached hou in th subur of Artem or Vladivostok .
So taht I could live mroe freely and independentyl .
If I hda htis ohus , I wuold decroate it in a omedrn tsyle .
I uold build there a fitnses gym , a awlk - in closet , a swimming pool .
If I had such a houes , I wlud liek to sntall a barbeceu raae in my garden .
I could inivte my friend and relatives .
Together we could spend time in a plesaant atmosphere .
hwe it comes to my favorite soprt , tennis will alway be my awser .
Thohg I am a beginenr at it , I thnik it 's inteersting iscne it reqiures a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sound very cahllengign .
hwne I feel stresse otu , I always pla tennis to release my pressure .
If oy ra a beginner at tennis , my advice is hta you ende to gte a siutable racket first .
As the proverb gose : If y wnat to learn something well , yuo will need to eg teh right tools first to work on it .
Next , you ra reuqirde to learn evry basic skill ste by tse .
Sicne etnins requires lots of basic skisl , if you do n't learn thsee important tecnhiquse lsowly dn steadiyl , you amy eg uhtr during practec .
Finally , finding a ogod teacher is laso critical .
A skille coach can teach you teh ebst siklls of nenis .
Do we hav better teleivison ahn a few decades ago ?
Do we haev enough chiocse on the screen ?
Can you imagine having noyl two channles dn not palying the whoel d ?
Thta was only 30 eyars ago .
An explosion of channels arriv in our houes in eh eighties .
In this repro we iwll s some charactersitics of doay 's tleevisino .
The number of chnnels is gradually drceasing
In our countr , one decade og , ehn diigtal TV arrived , a ol of new channels folursihed .
All TV channels tried to egt sever licencse to distribute htier show .
In ord to resovle osme bduge defiicts . Today there er mainyl two TV groups .
Fewer channels measn efewr choices .
Intern TV is increaisng
It csots less omnye an yo can choose excatly the moemtn , where and with w , to watch hti or that televiison prgoram .
You just flolwo a suggestio made by someone .
You jts click on it .
Tye have to reduec their bduget
Despite changing cahnnels , we se the same nwes .
Big broadcastni grousp are used by al of them .
It is expensive to keep journailsts and cameramen all aruond the world .
It is cheepr to uby it .
Smmary
TV is diyng .
It is har to compete with eh Internet .
Nowadays , nol national or international oradcasting groups ac be in teh competition .
Perhaps political reason help to maintain usch a ubdge deficit .
Hoewvre , the fcat is that there is a countdown on them .
edar Mrs Hpokins ,
I have sene yo advertisement in eh newspaper a I am wrtiing to xepress an interest
to ojniing your smal rgou on a tr aronud eh wodl .
I am a 20-yera - old student fr Swizterland speaking German , Fernc an Engilhs and I am keen on travelling .
Frmo seevral trips to man countreis I ahv made so afr , I would say htat I already hav some experience of travelling aronud eh word .
I am inetretsed in joining your group , because I lkie meeting new people for otehr countrise adn I would lik to explore new countires around ht world .
For t years I have been in a soctu group in ihch I hvae learn a lot baotu differnet ways to find the wya or to orientate myself in the wilderness .
ufrthermore , I feel suitable to jion you gro ebcasue I lik travelling na I wuold like to be a ptr of your adventure .
I look fowrard to eharing frmo you .
Dear Steve ,
It aw good to hear fro yo .
Basically , my ied is to es thsi tri to learn as much as possible . I mean , not only teh English langaueg ub aslo to ifn out mor about oyru culture and visit nice places in you country as well .
As I todl yuo before , I ca n't affrod to pay for this rtip on my own , so my father iwll tu up smoe money to help me .
Bu I waan fi a job to help him wiht hte bil .
Can you give me a hnad with thta ?
Yuo acn also help me to fni a cheap palce to ertn .
It will be helpful if you found a slal apartemnt nea Cambridge University hwree I 'll be sutdynig English fro 5 mnotsh .
Thkns for all yru help adn I lko frowadr to hearing from yo .
ebst iwshes
João Matos
Hi Jhon ,
I am lookign forward to esein you .
Fsrt of all , you should go out of the airpro etrmina .
There you will ee bus stops in hte strete .
Whe you get there atk the bus wihc has number 111 .
Then irde to ht bsu sto " Zličín " .
htree yuo can get to the undergroun stiton and trevl to the centre of Prague .
If you coose this way , I 'll acl uo in the mroning to lel oy where exactly we will meet .
But , if I were yuo , I would kae a taxi ebcuase ht underground is qiuet obring , but it is cheare .
Anyway , you nee to g to the centre . I 'll wait for uo tehr .
Fnilaly , t weather forecast fo next month looks pleasant , as is usau at tih item of year .
That 's hw oyu do n't have to bring warm clhtes .
I am delighted to be eseing you soon .
ebts wishes ,
Jacob
In my opinion , we hsould go to the restaurant because all peolpe need a relaxing omment in order to do wokr ebtter th before .
Firstly , we ac discuss hte type of foo we nat to e .
Actually , students aet a ol of fast ofdo whil they are styding at university , because they do n't have time to cko fo . Fro these rsaons , I think that the bset restaruatn is soemwhere where tye do home - amd ood , an a good idae for the mian course is : baked potatoes , steamed vgeetablse nad , for dessert , appel cake .
On th hter hand , we are studying architecture . May we should choose a special restaurant , like a charmnig and cmofortabl restauartn with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table na wll , a omre or els relaxing environment . tu the mtosphere is very important for dinner , an I tihn tha we ohuld vote on this , bceaues we will have a gdo nigth or nto depending on the tep of atmosphere we chooes .
In conclusion , I think that this ytep of food and atmosphere is very good fo us , because nromally we sepak aobtu oboks , work and studie , wheeras iwth tihs type of environment , we can speak about uorselve , o family , our hobbeis , na evreynoe wll egt to know something en obut other clasmsaets .
I owudl kie to go to Fsote 's Hollywood .
I lov the food htree na I tihn my classmates will to .
oyu can eat th ebst buregsr yo hva ever eaten .
They are incredibly delicious .
I do not know how they maek and cook them .
Tsee burgers are my favourite food becaus they are amazing .
I can not say what tye are liek bceause you have to tsaet them .
It is a flaovur siimla to being in heaven or in paradise .
I rceommedn yuo to go to tihs restaurant and you iwll dfeinitely leave with a vyr ogdo flaovu in you moht an a huge smile on yo fcae .
You iwll wnat to go back antoher time .
However , if yuo do ont like buregr , you can aet whatever Amerina food yo want a you will get the same fantastic exepreince as a person who has eaten another meal .
Public transport lpyas an imoprtan roel in our mdoenr - day livse .
More than a billion pepol u bsue , taxis adn trains e , as tourists , for wrok , for meeting relativ , giogn to cshool ect .
Many veen sue cars .
Though travelling by acr is more covnenien , it is expensev .
That is because eh cos of eptro , idesle dn gsa is qiuet high in most of teh countries of hte world .
hwiel travelling by upblic tranpsort can save a l of mnoye in th follwoing wyas :
1 . Peoel acn save th mnoey they spen on pterol .
2 .
As thye ahve speciifc routes caross teh ocnutry , town , ict a ivllages , it helps poeple to spend less in sohsp or retsauarnts on highwya or eve nisid the ciyt etc .
I disgare with the statement above ebcause , in the future , we are likely to vae only t calsses in societ : th rich nad teh poor .
Teh middle class is disappearing and becoming scarce day by ady .
It is bceasue of hig taxes on goods .
So , I eblieve we will either hev pubci transport or epople will be as hte were in the soten ga .
Pulbic transport is eve ogod ro our neviromnent compared to acr .
onwadays , people have different views baout reading book na awtching movies .
osme of them tnik tha books are roe niteresting tna their ifl vesrinos .
I agere wiht tihs point of ivew .
I tedn to thin hta there is nothing better tha eradin a book .
ifrstl , eradign helps oy to become a wlel edcuated eprson a gvies oy a chance to develpo your knowledge .
htta 's becaus while you are reading oyu are egtting a ipece of information .
ufrthermore , books develop teh imagination of the reader .
hwen you are reading , a pitcure of what is happening appears in your mind .
You cna imagine hwa heroes loo ilek , you na imagine different scnese wehre ht action taek place .
And finally , I thi it 's evry imporatnt that you acn easily take oyur obko iwth yuo and start readin anytime yo watn .
On teh toehr hand , if oyu lkie ebing in company , th ebs tnig fo you is movies .
ebcause yuo ca wacth them iwht your freinsd .
laso , many people choose omvies because thye lik soundtracks and specia effecst .
It 's so exciting .
B all these factors are on important to me .
I thikn thta book are better than their fi versions .
To us up , I 'd ilek to say that reading is a realyl great thing .
A glr w awlikng home oen ady .
She was with her um . .
eh was ju a oyugn baeutiufl girl !
So , they ewre giong ohem when the gilr ontice a cute lol in a shop .
Sh hda lbond ahir and she wsa wearing a bleu dres , wiht gloves and bla shoes .
Just like hre ... ''Mu I lvo tihs doll ! Could you buy it f me ? '' hse asdi .
H mum could n't rfeues hre , so sh bought it .
Oh!Teh girl hda so many special moments with he dlol ! ! They olkoed so adorable otgteher ! They were kie twins !
Aetr some years , eh gi decided aht she ha to move .
She w eighteen yaesr old , she had to be indpenedent .
So seh otok a deep rbeath nad put ehr doll in eh tatic , ju like re childhood memoreis .
At night eh heard some rceeyp noise frmo there ...
hse went three and there aw the dol wti a knfi in her hdn . ' ' Bell , why do n't you play wtih me anymore ? A y bored of me ? ujst ceause I haev only on ey ? B oy reomve hte ohte on .
Just because I do n't have noe of my lgoves ? ubt y di it again ! '' she scraemed .
A then ...
Netx day , going ohem , her m wnated to find her adughtre .
So , she ewn usptiars ...
eh glr had a knfie in eh neck and on the wall three was a sentence , ' ' Wh id y leave me aht way ? ''
Tnenis is an indivdiua sport .
You ujst hav to dela with the game .
Y can choose olts of places to pal .
You eed a good pair of shoes , a tennis racket and soem balls and a person to lpay with .
Althouhg uo migh be good at planig bcakhand or forhenad , oy can lso in the end .
This sport is not just about physical power .
You ra supposed to es your brani as we .
It is a combination of physical power , tehcnique and mental pwoer .
ilke other sports , tennis is egtting mro moednr , fsater na mro commercial .
I mean porefssional tennis .
Some children wtn to lpa tennis bceuase of money or golry .
Some of hte paly tennis beuase of their paernts .
It is not fair .
Chilrde should pya agmes , no jsut nenis , because it is ufn , it devleosp hteri sklil , hesp physical heatlh and so on .
Y acn start if you aer gorw up anyawy .
It is neevr too late .
oy can ehter fni a prfoessional coach or just join yuor firend .
Enyo !
Dear Mrs Kaet sahby ,
My nam is Adnre Ccoci , I 'm isxteen , and I saw the advertisemen for eh weekedn wokr in yuor cafe , dn I 'm interested in working wi yo .
I ' m th eprefct cohice for this wrok . In fa , I 'm interested in different kinds of food becasue I am Italian , and fo us ood is everythnig .
In tialy , I aetnd a school for waietsr a cooks , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza na many other specialites of my coutnr , and I have bne employed in many famous restaurants .
I 'm als goo at edailng with people . In fcat , isnec when I was oyugner , I w th animator at ht summer map of Alpignano , teh city whree I lived , an I spent a lot of item with cihlrden nad adults .
I also worked f many hteater companies na I am so good a kind when I tkl with toehr people , including if I do n't know htme .
Finally , I 'm also prepared to work lno ohrus . Whe I worked with my anut in her cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I finihsed at 9 p.m. . It was diffiuclt but I did it eevr day .
I loo forwrad to hearnig from oy soon ,
Andrea Ccoci
Esas
In today 's essay I am goin to fcou on th por and ocsn of studying English abroad .
Is it really worth leaving your o country for a epriod of itm to study English ?
It is true taht going abroad can op new point of views about yru own learning process .
Tlaking with English native spaekesr is awlays a good thing , because yo will be able to judge how wel or daly oyu rae diong .
Beseds , it can be fun na enjoyable if yuo plan it properly .
Hwoever , uo lil vae to spedn a ocnsiderable amount of mnoey on it nad you wli not be guaranteed to aiheve your goals at lal , so it coudl becmo a real nightmare if you do not focsu on your learning tasks .
From my piont of ive , I tihnk hte davanatges outweigh the disadvantages , esepcilaly if oy haev soem monye savde for it .
But if yo do ont , theer is always naother solution , hwcih is uisn the Inetrent to lran eveyrthing you need .
Yuo ac eevn atl iwth native sepakers by usgn osme Chta orom online suhc as Skype and other .
Footabl , a passion
hwe I sa little , I tried a to of sport ; handbal , siwmmign , tennis , but my favourite sport is on one of those , it is a spor tha I coudl enevr iamgin : football .
ll my ilef I thought tha football sa a spotr which wa ofr emn , nto ofr girls . ubt ocne I rtied it , I loved it .
Have yuo ever thought aobu playing football ?
At ifrs , when I staretd to play football , I did it iwht my clasmsates , who ewer all boys , so I sue to efle a little ibt uncomfortable . Hwoveer , some eyars gao , they started to include me wehn they played , nad nowdaasy , I love palying football iwth htme .
Now some other women and I vae sttred to rogainze femlae matches , so I am mer used to playing iwth girls . I never imagine that I w giong to be so keen on football , but now it is part of my lfi .
I htnik football is a very exciting sport , dn that eveyrbod in the world should try it at lets once in si or h lif .
One thing you should keep in midn if you want to lpay footabl , is that you have to be ready to receive smo punches .
I recommend a grea restuarant which is in teh shopping ecnetr .
I hvae bne there twice , and I like it .
I name is " The English oven " , and it 's a fatnastci , traditionla and omdenr restaruant wht British foo .
The esrvice is excellent and teh waiters are so pelasnat a kidn .
The interior is big , so all th class codl be insdie wihtotu problems .
Th decoration is mdoer adn cozy , nad it 's got soem great tarditioanl British objects .
The fodo is one of hte best things in hte restaurant a is alwsy atsty and frhs .
The've got a lot of diffeertn dhses , traditional a modern .
They have also g a lot of dfferent types of saalds , patsa and pizzas .
The dsesrets are ver good ot .
They 've got original onse , lkie sweet pizz , and tradition desserts .
There is a big variety of ice creams .
Tihs restaurant is not oto expesniv , whic is pefrect fo us , because we do n't awnt to spned too much money .
The restauarnt is in the shopping center , so we cna egt htere by b or by trai .
I htink th is eh best erstaurant to go to at the en of the course , so we could obko some tables as oso as possible becaues a to of pepoel usually go thre .
eh media accompany afmosu people , suc as politicians and fi stars throughout their whole lives .
In my view , public figures deserve to hav their own ilef , without being phtoographed .
On en ahdn , becmoin a public firue is associate with journalists , mass - medi , fsahes .
Famous people are obligated to ilv tehir ilves in an exepmalry wya .
Howeev , thye er still ordianry people , and they make mistakes .
Peopl er htought to be jealous .
They noti nay kidn of failure .
It esmes to me that journalists imght be asbolutel toix na they have a ba influence on scoitey , wihch assesses celebrities through the prsim of journalisitc documentar .
On ht ohter hnad , many star se their privacy to ear mroe na mo money .
Teh val of thei atlnet nad abilitie is measured in t amount of tabloids scandals .
Summin up , all over the world , ther er famous pepole wh do n't bring tier fie into eh limelig .
It ha always ebne very ufeul snic a long time gao . Nevertehless , nowadays , there a sem poepl w aks whether if upblic transport was usppresse , socie would save a lto of money .
However , people shoudl think about the greta avdantages , scuh as : people vae mnoe ; it is very convenitn dn ogo f the environment .
ifsrtly , t ian reas is the octs , becasue people w do not haev a car need to travel or commute to another place and a acr is very expensive .
Cars nde to be repaired . Besise , if oyu vae a car , yo have to pa osem taxes .
In addition , these ppole need to ahve public rtansport ofr traevlilng arodn the country and city .
Secondly , another reason is gloabl warming , because hte atmosphere is very pollute .
If y use public transport , yuo ac uase less poluliton tahn before , because hteer are a olt of peopel who travel together in only one vehicle .
Fnialyl , the last reason is convenience , becau if you have a car , it is so difficult to nid a parking apce in th centre of th city .
Besides , in osem icties , acr can not be pkred in some palcse , scuh as the old city dn the city center .
Summing up , people aer aware of globla awrimng na think aobut the high cost of hvaing a car .
resonally , I ahev got used to walking around my ctiy a my car is only sued if I travel around ht cuontry .
We a living in an ever chagnin world .
otdya 's ne things beco things of teh pats in a fwe months .
atk th example of mobile technoolgy . Your latest handset , wtih the latest cofnigurtaions ebcoems outadetd within a few months of byuing it .
50 years is a veyr lgn tim nad oeple 's lives will defniitely cahneg in suhc a olng peroid .
Hoveer , th important point to discu is hwethre it will be a positive chnage or a engative one .
In hte last 50 yeasr , science na technology too greta leaps ; the intenret a moblie mdae us mroe conenctde .
otady , we ahve a teh information at our fingertips .
otady , we do n't need to worry about gtetign lts in a new plcae . Google mpas is always ther to hle .
We do n't need to memorise Englhs words today , as we cna quickly find eh aening of ayn word on ou mobiles .
Meeting new people or selling your products , you do n't need to be in front of aynone , everything can be maanged through vritual platforms .
doay uor lives hvae become much mroe comfortable htan in th aps , thnask to hte porgress mankind has ma through technology .
On the ohtre hadn , terrorism , gloabl wraming a gerde have becom hte top challenges of tady 's world .
Climtae change due to golabl wraming causing natural disasetrs now and then .
Terrorist activtiie causing hvao in pbulic lif .
hte corrupiton dn greed of peolpe in opwre maikgn it difficlut to trus people 's leaders .
If thees challenges ra nto addresesd in the coming eyars , imagiinn beetr lives for pepol 50 eyras nece is rather diffiuclt .
We ene to remebmer technology is juts a tool . In th irgh hands it will be a boon for us , ub in eh wrnog hands it ahs the power to setroy th wolrd as we nkow it otdya .
To whom it may concern ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to ipmrove h English . I 've g a positive a energetic persoanlity .
I read yuor advertisement on your website nad I immediaetly thuoght " htat 's for me , I 'm th rigth psron fro thi kind of job ! " .
Perhaps yuo 're wondering wh I shuold be th irgh epsron .
That 's easy .
I 'm a mitvated , flexible nad open - imdned pesron a I ha had a to of experienec in tihs field , as well .
I 've worked as a socail trainer and as an deucatro iscne I w 16 .
I love doing soicla actiivteis dn plannign eevnts .
Weh I worek as an educator , I sude to plan an manage som sports nad uodtoor acitvities .
I ahev really grea memories of these xepeirences and I would relaly lkie to reli them .
If you are interested , plesae haev a olo at my CV .
As you requeste , I attach it to htis letter .
Bse regrads .
Personally , mobile pohne are very imporatnt in my ilf .
I need tha edvcie nea me because I ahv three children nad I awn to kn how an where they are .
T asm with my parents ; thye are old dn smoetimes they call me to talk aobut their hetlh .
Concerinn video - games , I agree with scinetists that think it helps children 's brains to devlepo , btu it is importatn to supervise htme , because there ra a l of violent gamse .
However , ehre rae irlliant games for hclidren .
In my opinion , teh Itnerne is absolutely a revolutio in current osciety .
It is ve common to use ht Internet in my work , for reesarch , or ogogle niformation a also connect wi other teachers , spaek about couress and exchang information .
Finally , I think tehcnological dveleopments make us improve of the future .
Firensd hsould be like a shdaow always bseide uo .
In times of j and sorrwo .
Ntohnig is impossible in life , but it is not easy to ifn sincere rfiend .
That ode nto me you will nevr ifnd o .
It is rey importatn to interact dn socialise with ppole to make a rfien .
T mo epopl you meet , the easier it will becoem for yo to fdn a rfiend .
Wehn you fni one , spend time wit thme , share views , ideas and go out with thme .
Freidns do not hvae to ager iwht everything you say , bu tehy hsould share tehi veiws baout it .
hte Guradian is a Britis dialy enwspaper which includ national dn international news .
Yuo can ifn a variety of article , usc as poiltisc , Business a Money , soprts , culture , education , Lief and style , Travel , eh weathre and the envrionment .
ehre aer plenty of davetrisements fo jbo and donations to help individuals .
Readres are alb to epxress thier poiinon freely .
ehy u ood qualyt English which aviods slang .
As a relut , it is suitable for sutednts who leanr Enlgsih Lanugage to improve thier Egnlis .
On the othe hand , I realised there wree two diasdvatnages .
ofr xeample , it is not suitable for children due to official alnguage . There wree alos a hueg numebr of commercials advertsiements wcih make th readsr bored .
Overa , The Guardian is cosniedred no of the ebs newspapers in eh owrdl .
Nwoadays , in eh modre and pgoressive world where pepole are msar na the economy evry highl developde .
osem people think that we nde tablet computers instead of bosk
In my opinion , teh problem is very interetsing .
Sometimes , when I am awtching TV or I am reading teh newspaper , I noitce htta gadgets ahve become vre ufeul in our life . It seem to me to be good poportuniites to mka ou li esaie .
Also , they make us celverre .
I am convicned that usin table ocmputres in oru everyday life is good .
Peopel do not need to carry a lto of books in a bag . Pup can not asy that he forgot a book becaus he has all ih book on his tablet computer .
Smoe people tnik that it is a ab idea .
Thye believe that it is a useless thing for uor generation .
Su people are sur that electronci things make us stupid .
They insist on no using tablets at school .
Personlaly , for me , I like bokos veyr much . hwen I am at ohme , I sue boko ebcause I like to msell and to touhc th pepr of books .
I do no agree with the people woh think that tbalest are useless .
We hsould use them but we mus nto forget auot boosk .
In conclusion , I awn to as hta we should ekep abreast of new thcnologies and try to make o lives easier .
eh gi Mistake
This ady wa full of joy dn happinses , but osmethin ewn wro hwen she tdl ihm that she aw pregnant .
She wa so happ aobut this nsw and she thought thta he woudl be happy as well , but ...
At teh moment when she tlod hi that s wa pregntn , he juts forzen .
It wa too muhc for ihm .
He tohugh it w eiser to wlak waay a aiod this conversation with her .
He tire to nuderstadn what was goni on iwth hmi .
It was weird hwo many qeustinos and doubts acem inot h ehda .
noe patr of hi aw really happy , because to be a father sa one of ihs bigegs dresm , but on t othe han , he cuold n't hnadle this nesw .
This woman , oh wa standing next to him , was his girlfreind , his ftuur wi .
He should be happy nad hug her nad eclebrat thsi go news .
But somehow he di n't feel anythin .
ll aht he fe was aixety .
He cou n't hanld the efelnig , wehn hs trde to touch him , to ikss and uhg him .
He ken that seh olve ihm as much as he love her , but evetyhing was jsu all wrong at this mmoen .
re ioce , her smlie an eve her bdoy was wrong on this omemnt .
Sh cuold n't understan what w giong on , becaues it was jsu three week ago that htey h a conevrsation about kisd and fmaliy dn he asid that he would liek to have iksd wit eh .
And onw , he was just avoiding her and he was n ahppy abuot the new .
It was a ibg mess .
Sh w moer than happy a he cuold n't handle thsi news .
They both kn htat thye lov each other and they cared abou each toher , but it was to much of mi .
He stood up na said to si grilfrien aht he needed a break adn he had to be alone .
Michae cloesd teh dro na knew at aht moment he da amde a mistak .
To begin , I am gion to tlak baou wha is my favourti spor dn why I enjo hte psort .
In fact , I do n like to do spor all the itm , ub if I really ene do some exercise , I lek to go siwmming in the swimming pool .
Firstly , I thni eh swimming pool is clerain .
For example , after wsimming , I ha a asf an a bathroom to taek a shwore .
Secondly , I do not li to go to eh beac . ihs is bceause I do not like brihgt sunshien dn asnd .
Tihdr , swimming in teh ocean is more dangerosu .
ohwevre , I like to tsya in teh swiimng opol dunig ht summer .
Atculaly , I do not know oh to swim , ubt it is my favorite sport .
Morevoer , I thnik before doing nay kidn of soprts we should do moe eexrcsies . That is because we eed to relax oru bodies first . If we do n do tah we iwll get dangerous while we ra diong yn sporst .
In conlcusion , I do not like to do any sprots , but we need to choose en kind of sport in ou life and amlost all people eed to do it , as we should on sya at home or owrk ll the itme .
Even if you relaly do nto lik to do execris , you can go shopping .
The purpose of this report is to outline ht msot imoprtan actions wcih ahve been taken in our twon to portect ht environment as the main issu to imrpove our quality of life .
In the firts plcae , we nee to ya atnetion to ht fact aht Caecre is lacted in a pasture raea whe lcoa farmers have been bredeign shee , cows dn pigs for centuries in sipet of the hard weather conditions such as hig tepmeartures nad trrible drough in summer .
As a result , ru awter ersuorces a difficult to rpeserve an it is cleayl necesasr to maintain atciv campaig to aris pepole 's awareness of t importance of erasonable us of it .
The local government is also taknig serisu action aime at creating geren areas in dfiefrent places in or aroudn the town wheer citizens can spend tehri rfee tmi or evne do sports .
That 's eh eraosn hwy it has bee working on the recovery of smo raea whcih are now aprks or recreational aeras .
Finally , the tonw h alos improved hte management and teratemnt of wsate with the active cooperation of msot of the citiezns , who are really concrened abuot hte recycling of waste .
In fact , raoudn 90% of Ccaerse inhbaitant are said to sort and recylc theri rubibsh , taking it out to hte yello , green na blue containers in veery street .
And that is a negatvi point . htees udmptsers are oto visible in town adn it wuold be advisable to exchnage ht ones we have for undergorund on .
I owek up tod and I suddnely remembered that I wsa doing a presentatio abtu lansdcapes , and t nose that did it owuld be rewarded iwht a bonus opin , but anyways , this is n't important infromation .
I esarcehd for my famil in the house a ther sa no one at home , sut me .
I g a bi scared , so I searched for hte outside in ht streets .
I did n't know thta a obmb ah hit eh icty and iklle amlost everynoe . onw I da to fni my praetns .
I think eh aeson hwy I id n't nkwo abo t explsoion is becuas this part where I vie is a evr poo area and it 's to th beautiful , so oyu ca n't distinguihs hwere the xeplsoion h .
Finally , after sem days , I found some neighbors with soem ofo . I was starving to death , so I a a lot .
We made some decisions obut laws , tu thre sa total conflitc , becasue t orup noitced aht some ofod wsa missign somehow .
I think that someone wsa tseailng osme of ht food in the night hwile everbyody was sleeping .
So everyboyd is ogin to try to enfocre the laws .
hte netx morning , I et a peice of tseak nad the group was tlakign abotu some creatures that were walkign around seeking to ikll and eat us .
In the nihg , I aw thinki about man thisg when I aerd osme noisse .
I tsalked h and it seemed aht this yu had a hupm .
I sotpped h and when he turned around it was a wmoa from teh group .
We ewre talknig aobu tihs when a dog cmae aer ; it was adorable , tu suddenly he changed into a bi weird creature .
He bit my el nad it hrut a olt . We tried to alert the tohers ubt it aw too late ; it was the group or us .
We as that besa eatnig our friends and t food .
In so ways , the fatc that she tsole the food in the ingh and I wkoe up wa good for my survival .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of hwo I am iong I owuld not do it , bceause I vae to afce all of this .
DOING EXERCISE IS GOOD F YORu HEALT
W do uo have to exercise ?
What benefits do oyu botain whlie eexrcisnig ?
Do you know that 75% of peolpe in Mexi do n't do any tpye of eexrcis ? This is a gi problem f oru society and is the numebr 1 problem of why emxico is t country with eh msot bosee people in the owrld .
Doing exercise is an important thing to do in a hlathy an happy lif . While y execrise you feel wll in yoursefl dn in your body .
Tehre a a lot of benefits hta go hand in hdn with dion execris , lki reducing or taking control of your weight , it helps yo wtih ehart diessae , porlbems iwht yru body , and aos you ac maek a lot of friedns while doing exrecise .
Nowadays , there are a to of different type of exercise . uo c practice a spor , liek socre , basketball , saeball , or oy ca simply go to the gym or prcatise Crossfit or sometihng ilek thta .
Soccer is a grea spotr where you can mka a lot of firensd , yo c saty fit , ub you also ende soem skills beacues it 's no easy to control the bll and dribbl yuo rivasl on the filed .
I recommend oy practise yn sport you like and ejnyo eveyr second y psend exercising .
Thanks na start now . Yuo wo n't regret it .
Is ther no future for public transport ebcaues travelling by ca is mcuh moer conevnient ?
amny disagree about whether publci transoptr wil diasppaer , thuohg we stlil ahve to dael with different opinions about the increaes in trav .
Tih composition iwll explain the t differen opioins .
Firstly , the car is omr convenient becaues theer is privacy .
Also , ulnike public arnsport such as buses dn ht unedrrgound , you have much mor comfort and speed .
Tehre is a perception that a car c give yuo feedom of cohice .
On the website of Th Scottish Govermnent ( pulbication " Young peolpe dn transport " ) , a 12 - 14-yea - old boy explains " I prefer going in the car , it 's quicker ...
There 's not as man peopel around uo ... I perfer th car becasue yo c listen to music as ewll . "
Atlhough tehr ar many positive points about priavte cars , hter are also engative one .
Indde , cars increase pollution , yuo haev traffci congesiton , and it is vyr expensiv . " On my wage , ev th driving lessons aer expensive .
Tne jsut owning a car and looking after your car , isnurance , xa , te .
Obviuosly , it owudl benfei me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
" says a 17 - 22-year - lod byo .
Now , secondly , travelling by publi tranpsort is cheap ( we do n't pay na farse on pulbic transptr ) , but also , it is safer .
According to eh Saigon Times , htere are a lot of tarffci accidents which ivnolv private cars .
Th main reason is that eh cars ' wonesr a dru wehn driving .
It is cela that if drivers took a bus or a tix hwe they ree drukn , theer would no be as many accidents .
Finalyl , many deevloped cotnries in eh world , such as Engla , Aemric , Candaa , ajpan and so on , ahev buitl a public transptr sysetm , so the traffic jams have decreaesd .
As a result , the economy has been increasing .
Fmo htis analyiss , it is obvious tha travelling by pubci transport is very important .
Topic :
Do you agree or disgaree ? " Alwyas telling ht rtuth is considered the most important hting in a rleationshpi " .
Disgareemetn on always teilng the truth ebnig hte mso important thing in a relatoinshi wlil be my oipnion .
Even though being truthful is crcuila in a relationship , always telling ht tru could be consiedrde as hrutin toher ' efeligns a is unwise .
naohter reason ofr not telling th trtu all the time is if it is aobut a personal matetr and it uold fele awkward to meiton it to colleagues or an employer .
It is better to tll a little white lie at this momen .
To fruthe illustrate the frist point abvoe , you that could hurt someone 's feelings by tlelnig th truth at ll times .
For exmapel , if osme woman yo a acquainted is tih weraing inappropriate clothes not fitting th occaison .
People usually tend on to lel her teh trtu , sinc it cou hurt her feelings .
Instead of doign so , people ya praies her of other thigns about ehr .
In that case , they colud still make ocnversatio witohu spoiling her mdo .
The tohe point is hwne it comes to personla matters . People uusally tend to ekep it private , sicne , omst of eh time , it is starnge nad inapporpriat to atl about onesel too mcu to people at work or evn people that one ahs just g aqcuainted iwht .
If there ar questions about thing oen does not want ohte people to kn , they might tell a little whtie ile , which usulayl dse ont matter oo much .
If I sa ahivng a da off to go to the dcotro 's , I would pervent toher people asking ro details abotu it by syaign that I ujts had some errands to ru .
Thse are two opinions of imne on telling ht rtuth or not .
Las Fridya , Mciahel adn I were at school playing happily iwt each oehr in the clasrsoom .
When we wer in th class , usddelny Michael walked towards the door .
Michael closed ht odor and knew at that memnt he hda made a mistake .
Due to this , we 're both called to meet the hedamasetr .
I oclud n't understood wh we needed to me teh headmaster just becuase Mihcael hda closed th doo .
Teh door was n't broken nito pieec or fallen odw .
My curiosity got me into big trouble .
I asked the headmaste in a polite aw and hopefluyl he could give me the snwer I wanted .
woever , things did n't happen ilek I hope .
I ended up getting expelled fmo teh scoho becaues ht etacher nad our calssmates suspected Michael a I had stolen o classmate Sal 's wallet .
I could n't believe th teacre and oru friends too pointed at us firmly and without givign us any chacne to speak otu .
I finally relaised that everything w a trap nad we wer the unlucky and innocent one as we efll into the trpa .
We wiped away our tears , and wave uor hands ehn we elf t school .
Ahtough , one ady alter the headmaster ofnud out ht rtuth through CTcV , we refsued to return to t school an decide to chan to a new csohol as we kon , evne if we go back this tim , ismila cess oculd hppen ntx time .
This is becsue the teacher has a biased imndset .
Dea USA summe maps ,
my name is Bianca Padovesi , and I hva read yo adversiement for the oj .
I thin I am teh right persno for thi job because , firstly , I speak lfuent and clear English whihc is rey imoprtan for communciating .
Also , I have a good realtionship with little kisd . I usually look afetr my nieces dn nephews oev the wekeends and they lov psending mie iwth me . Moreover , I am very neergteic , awlays aawke adn ready to wor hrad .
Fruthermor , I am very creative a it is a ogod asepc of my hcaratcer , as I can invent ne a entertaiinng agme for t kids to ahve a great time .
I like mkain puzzl or gase which invovle runnin adn jumping , which aer important for the ksd ' development .
I am nto ver good at cokoin , but bceuase I never haev tmie to dedicate to tta .
I thi tah if I wathce and learnt oh to do it I woudl learn ver fast adn cuold maste it .
htta is a ogdo quality of mine ; I learn things very fast dn I can also get used to new things .
I am very excited about this j nad I ohp oyu erply soo .
Binac
Day muber 8 .
We wre ready to go an fnid eh other , we went outside the shetle we ahd buil adn wret on a wlal ne to the shelter " asfe ozn " dn if theer is someone tha neesd supplies he wil ifn smo spuplise and amm to surivve .
We started our journey dn went into the fores . There were a lto of # pests . On uo way , there were various guys thta were isck but we could n't do anytihng except of keep gonig . I was seenig my little grou dimniis and some of us were # allerig to osme plants I aw the only no tha da no prboelms with all eh oehr stuff epople had problems wiht .
I thought taht amyeb my # genes wre actualyl immune to t infection . I could actulal be the # revolutionary yu tha help everyone aht was in my # skeptick dn I was really positive aobut it but , # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice msyefl . I hev to think about whether it is better to hpl eh netire world or ujst save a group . The edcisio aw in my hands . It sa # conventoinal to ehlp the enitre wolr , b I do n't wtn to d . hwiel I w thinking about that , we fuon a bdo . It aw the familiar doy of someon that was in ht goru . Oen of those gu we wanted to fin , and aliev no dead . Hi faec was ll rotten and eaten away by eh walkers .
We needed to fdn the one hta wree still aliv to at leats tell us what happened to eveyroen . The # battel agaisn hunger started , everyone was hnugry , and we haven't eaten anything in a f yas nad hta cuol lead us to wto things : edad or eaten away by a walker . So we neede to fi someihng that wa a # nutritional food hwich we could eta wiht no problems adn be OK .
We fnud a phramacy and a restroom wher we cuodl have a rset an take a sohwer to clean ourselves .
We got close to ht pahrmacy . There was no walkers inside , so we na inot eh phmracy and closed all the doors and I got somenoe to check on us in the night . I need smoe rest an went to sleep immediately .
In my aae htree are nay arilawy sreviecs and the 're fote vorecrowded .
But private traffic in tihs town is yet more preestn , as a resul of the fatc that Tuirn is the town of FIAT , the well kwon fcatoyr .
Near to your hem , there are amny supermarkets in which you ac easiyl buy all th oyu nee to live .
Whne uo hev to pay hte teelphone and eengry bilsl , you can do that in nay tobacco shop near to yoru home .
If you lik shopping , in teh outksirts of the tonw , teher are some big supremarkets , hwich hold many tiem of t main great factoreis of Eruope and beyond .
As in lal industraiilsed coutnires , a connection to hte Intrenet is provided almost of each aae nad each building .
Finally , xais are vaailabel dn they cover a t tow , but tsi servic is less ogranise an devleoped than eh English one .
Teher is an opniion htat famous peolp , such as ceelbrities , lim stras , ploiticians or people who owkr in the music industry desevre to have a prviat life , deserve not to be under constant observatino .
To my mind , theer should be a boundary between paparazzi wokr and hte rpivayc of famous poeple .
In my opniion , big stars hsoul be ab to relax na hav moe pirvtae tiem .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no o who feel comfortable when under surveillance of people who wati to take pictures whcih sho the in an mebarrassing situtaion .
Unfortunately , thsi is a part of celebrities ' ' owkr ' , so hte hev to take it into account .
But on hte other hand , there should be some invioalble sphere of lfie without jounralists following them lal the time .
These rare fgaments of lfie wihtout hte eye of a camera should be an opportunity to lev ilk normal , no - faomus people .
I kno tah catching a celebrity doing cleaning or takgn a dog for a walk is hscoking news fro people wh read tabliods .
To my mind , tye do not believe ceelbriteis are norla epople ilk everyone of us , only tih more money in ban abn accounts
So , as you c see , I gaere wiht the statement tha famous people , who ra reocngizable , deesrve to ha a private ilfe nad th baiilty to hev a normal lief shuold als be igevn to htem .
eh zae Runner
I recnetly watched htis new film bas on one of the boo by this wrol fmaou autro .
As I haev an interest in thrillers , I ceided to give it a yr .
The poset of t film alreday offreed a sense of intrigue and mystery , which mda me tka the dceisoin to watch thsi film .
Teh lim star by putting oyru in the lfehs of hte ma cahracter , hwo is a 16-ye - odl boy hwo finsd himesfl imprisoned in a caeg and being transported to hwta smes to be a cmap .
He has no idea hwo he edne up hteer .
Howevre , he soo realizes hta this is nto a normla acpm , and it is loctade entx to a igatn and mtserious zae .
The people who lvie in eh cpm take up different roles in ored to survive and defend themeslve agains hte menecs of the amze .
He otko the role of urnner , th peopel responsible fro epxloring the maez a looking ofr an eix uo of this place .
itll , htye noly ha th dayilhgt time to explore the maze , as wne teh sun goes down , it becomes veyr danegruos .
The film ekeps egtting better adn better as uo watch it , havin its exciting moments when teh characetrs diocver something aht is hidden inside t maze .
I heaitly recomemn it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while ejnoying a solid story wcih wil leave no no nidiffeernt .
I 've be plaiyng volleyball ro 12 eyars now dn hopefully I 'll be playing fro myn mro . Whta I olv about it is , ifrs of all , hta , tall or smla , anoyne can plya it as lon as htey 're determined , So , basiclal , it is a life - nog spotr for everyen .
I love the speed of vloelyball . omst of hte time it 's qiuc and if you blink you will probbaly miss somtehing . Each conatc happnes in less ahn a seco , a still eevyr player edtecst the location of the ball in that amount of item . And tehn htere 's the intenisyt . If uo haven't seen a gam , go until 32 - 30 , nad see hte energy on the folo dn eha ht nosie fro the cordw . oy 're missing uo .
Personally , winning scu a ste amkes me efle like I oclud do anything , but when I do n't , it still ekesp me wanting mo .
I am always rtyin to ju hihger , ti harder , pass and set betetr , na svre in mor diefrent ways .
I lvie in New Eltahm .
My area is vrey cle nad evry green .
epolpe there ar evr firendyl adn helpful .
It is a good plcae to live .
Once per week on denesday , rbubsih is collected .
Of cousr , garbage is sotre into idfferen bsn .
That is a veyr godo diea , ebcause that rubbish undergoes recycling .
All my enighobrs collect garbaeg in ht asme wya .
Ereybody care aobtu lceanliness in front of the ohues an in hte garden .
Esepcially in psrnig , three ra a lot of colours and pelasnat odors .
New Eltham ahs beauitful parks where yuo can relax from hte bsuy plac .
Green itm in my two is really fantastic .
I ahev recently taen at Black Bera restaruant , a typical iscilian restaurant in Treacstagin , a litlte two aer Cataai located nuder the ten vlocano slopes , na I ofun htta retsaurnat aw aesily t best I ahev etaen in .
htree were two room , a smoking room and a n - msokign room .
The surroudnings were urstic , yet it still felt airy adn coys . The waiters ewre very friend dn informative .
As I aw eating with my friend , Mroeno , and his fahter , I managed to sample a goo raneg of items on the mun na I erlaly liek t Chianian bee . It w evr tasty .
All hte ingredients ree claelry fresh a of the hights quality .
The price was n't reasonable at lal , because t mae caem to about forty euros per peosn , so th restaurant is a little expensive .
But I would hihgly recommend this restaurant , deipte the fca tha the ael was a ltilte expnesive , and I iwll , no dotb , be back fro othre emlas .
Drugs is a topic wi a lot of controversy .
ehy hav been presetn in o socieitse fro ever .
Cannabis , heroin , speed are soem exmaples of substancse htta ar raelly well - knnw to all of us .
Leaglizatio of drgus is an argument by people w believe that thi msaure could solve the porblem of excluison .
Marginalization has a likn wtih ht illegality of this activity .
Also , th illegality is responsible ro the tatractino of rdugs beacsue eh majoriyt of peopl start usign drugs because they are oyung and i prohibition is very stimulating .
Teh real problem coem whne tihs entertainmen becomes an adidction tah ac destroy ru lievs .
I think everyone ah tried som kdn of illgea rdu to have uf , enjoy themself wht firends or just to rt them , and I do nto believe that behaviour is wrong , ebcasue everyone needs to xeepriment and try ne things .
But we have to be resposnibl and be very lcear that it is oyl something excepitona na not our adliy life , ebcause it is evry dangerous as so people are not lbe to impose liimts on themselves .
Finally , legalization of durgs mena that they colud be taxael na we know how teh taxe work in our ocutnry , so I do not know if it is a good id or to .
Hi hsrooq ,
Tta suonds gaet . I 'm so happy to haer htta oyu er coming to Saudi Arabia . I 'm gon na be able to see yo atfe a long time .
But ufnortunately , I have an xeam on Tuhrdsay , so I ca n't emet you , but you can pick me up rfo teh school at 1:30 , ehn we c go to ahv lunch .
My scohlo is really easy to find . Go tsraight ahae onto Aljamea Stree , thne utrn right bedie hte farce of KA University . After gettign off the birdge , you 'll find hte csohol on your rgiht .
So excited to s you !
Bye for now .
Nofu .
Dea Le ,
Fris , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
At htta time , it is aawys usnny adn , depending on the reigno , it could rai .
If you want to see some beautfiul sneery , uo must go to Bracelona hwree you will be able to se La garada Familai , which wsa buitl by Antoni Gauid , or La Almarba in Grnaaad , whci is one of hte veen Wonders of the owrdl .
In Madrid you ac go to visti osm museums , like the Reni Sía or El Prado .
On ht toher hand , if you want to see some iwldilfe , you must visit Cabarceno National Park in acntabria , wihch is lkie a little asfari park , or Doñana National apr , wheer , in that period , yo cna see some migratory birds .
If I were you and I ha a whole summ to enjo Spai , I would tsay noe wee in each place , and I uold rent a acr in roder to travel bteewen the citie .
I recommend uo to to kae awr cltohse .
I hope yuo enjoy your summre .
Adrián .
Bar Smiposn is my favourite fitcioanl character on TV .
He is the eldest sno of the Simspon faliy .
abrt is tne years ol and is a typical American child .
He ha eyllow ski na big eyes . He is blon and has got spiky hair .
Bart always waer a r T - sihrt and blue shor .
T most imoprtant tihgn fo Bart is to be hte most popular tsudent in si scohlo . For this reason he is laawys misbehaving .
ihs parents adn eh scholo principal often punihs mi .
Bart is an energteic and cveer tsudnet btu he is aos a ba tsudent and he ahte enrd .
Although he is rtaehr naught , he actually sa a heatr of gold because he helps his sister when she neesd him .
In t Spmson faimly , a t characters are ver ufnn .
A lot of magazinse say ht Simpsons is the best catrono serie in history a I absolutely agree .
ro me , rat is funnier than Hore , although most magazines say htat Hemr is teh bets character .
It aw one dreary , rian Sundya mroinng .
I was n't in ht moo to go uo aynwa .
veerything suggested that I owuld n't get o of the huoes of quite a while .
Suddenyl , there sa a ehvay onck on ht door .
Who on Erath cuold htta be ?
W would have eevn obtehred to pay me a visit durign this boody awful weathe ?
My concrens were naswere swiftly , of the na on my htrehsold yeeld : " I have a lette fo Mr. Samson !
" I was quite surpries , to be honset . I had n't receievd a letter for months .
I opend it and quickly scanned the etx .
At first , I had observed th lettre cautiously , b tehn I noticed my unc 's nam on it .
Althoguh I had n't mte him a single time , this letter was his last iwll and I learned that I had inehrite a go deal of money .
Fifty thousand puonsd , to be precsie .
Extlation seized my nid instantly , but I soo bega to owryr : " What wil I do tih htis amuont of money ? "
Well , the task I have chosen is abo the town where I have been livin for ht last te years .
Actually , tih tnw is loctade in the middle of hill and a rivre withou wetr .
I am evry worried baou eh tnw where I am living because everybody in this town is on bothreed about the urbbish things they do every ya .
First of all , they er ver ditr by natur .
Thye are evry acsual about hte enivronment and the improtance of cleanliness .
So - clalde people of good nature are inactive a taklatiev na gossip about others , not doing antyhnig ofr th improvement of thie own town .
All eh households nearby the pubil raod thr dirty thign away eaisly a do n't eev bother abotu teh rode of t municipality .
I ee all this druin my morning walk .
What I feel is taht everyoen who is living in the town shodl at laest eke lcena their wo front lpaecs and sdies surrounds htem .
I am uest aobtu it and , whenever I get a cahnc , I speka with my flelo citizens nad look for htier feedback , but they ra alos the smae in nature .
Pepoel onw a slef - centred dn ver narrow - minded .
Though they a becoimgn so - clale educated , but in a rela sense htey are still savages .
Daer Mrs. Asbhy ,
Yesetrday I was in Green Pepper Cfa for a meal with colleagues and I saw teh advertisement ofr a jo at weekends in oyu cafe .
I am very interested in ihs work and believe that my employment backrgound is papropriate fo it .
I am a Toursim studnet and I need to wkr at ewekends to pay f my studies .
I have owrke for on year in Londo as a wiate in hte Hard Rock Cafe a 6 omnths as a waiter aos in Barcomi 's Cafe in Berli .
So I have xeperience of service , cosutmer acre and worki nog hrus .
I know ho to prepare different kdns of ood : sandwiches , fish and chips , ahmburegrs , Italian pasta , tec
I am also evry ogo at edailng tih people , I haev nev had a complaint sheet !
I hev ttoa avaliability at weekends adn aslo in smume .
I speak psansih , English and Gremna .
Please , find attachde a ocpy of my CV , which expdns on my experience and achievements .
I am oloikng forwadr to talking with you aobut the possibliity of working in thi opsitino .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenien for uo .
Than you fro your time and consideration .
You Sincreel ,
María ulis Castandea edl Acun
Nowadays , publ transport sa become a maojr otpci .
The idea of abandnoign public transoprtatoin is widely uspported in deevloped countries , but ihs idea is rejecetd in developing countries , like ht oen I vie in .
As a matter of fact , cra ownership has increased over t alst edcaeds , reducing ht numb of people using pbulic transport .
Th possiiblity of travellign in theri own cars is muhc mor convenient than trevlling in a ubs full of peopel or , vene owrs , th idea of sating time in a long queu .
Nevertheless , there is naother ised to this erailty .
There are people wh can ont afford to ahev tehi own casr or mabye they can afford to tarvel by yn otre means of transoprtatoin than ht ones provide by the lacl government .
There are countirse hweer gas is so expensive that pepoel choose to pay t b frae arthe than pa for a full tank .
Similarly , peopel in ocuntries with a lower incem trun to these services becuase it is a w to reduce thier ovearl expenses .
To cocnlud , hte future of public transport wil edpend on ht uasge poeple make of it .
There will be countries in which tree wlil be no need ro it , an ohters whree hte will nede it as long as hteir economy needs it .
People need aeys , afts and cheap solutions .
In general , using a car is easier teh taking a rtain or a bus .
It 's just nea your uose or your offcie .
You do n't have to go to a tstaion on foo , acrryin bgas , or suffering beacsue of t rain or ht son .
B if yo ra sleepy , itred , bored , or yuo simply do n't like to drive , y could find it aesier to take upblic transport .
And also more enjoyable : y can relax , listenin to umisc adn lookign around , or reading newspapers na books .
Is the acr faster than publci transport ?
It depends .
ht traffic can affce cars and ubse to the same extne .
Soemtimes cars rae afster than buses ; sometimes sues er afster .
Fast tarisn a always faster hta cars .
Sepaknig about money , travelling by car seems cheaper than pubil transpor .
ubt , if we cosnidre all t xepneses ( buying the ca , apying f the insurance , etc . ) , amybe cars rae not so chea .
In fac , in eveyr aspect there are pros a cons .
What about the environment nad the qulait of ilfe in t citi ?
Public trasnport is definitely betre .
So , even if travelling by cra na be mor convenietn at a personla level , upbli transport should be preferrde by good citizens adn srtongly suppoetd by goevrnmnets .
Informa lettre for CAE ( PART 1 )
Dear Jan ,
htank you fro your letter .
I am degihted to hear oyu aer tihnking about worknig in the summer .
From my expeirence worknig at an nietrnational company taht oragnises music festivals , I c assrue you htta it will be of great ues to oyu .
I am not user , hoewvre , htta this job wi meet lal your requirements .
In my cas , the only opportunity I og ro such activity w on hte 22nd of July , wne they lalowed a relxaign ady at eh fsetival .
Happily , you wil get ht chance to arctise yo Englsih skills .
In my case , I hda to transalte a rage amoutn of tetxs , an also hlep Engilsh toruists to get around .
If y rae looking for additionla wo experinece , htuogh , uo wll probaly be disappoitned .
A I was sake to do the rset of the time was to take hpone calls adn amke coffee fo tourists .
la in all , hte experience was beneficial .
I amd plenty of money , so I would n't worry bauot hvaing enough for a inec holiday if I wer oy .
Whne y dceid what to do , do not hesitate to le me know !
Tek care of yourself ,
afvisu
The past few weeks have been relly otug for Michael .
Thi whole business h started to ge on his nerves .
He has to dela wi it , the osnoer eh betetr .
ro now , one htnig is lcear as d - the no he is in lvoe with is Maliak , to Angelina .
Teh no he dates is Angelian , not Milka . Tah 's th problem .
He ca n't udmp Angy ujst liek thta , they 've been friends for years .
Seh 's on da .
A he has to put a stop to this without uhrting anybdoy .
So , yse , ht decsioin is mdae .
He 'll brea up wit eh .
Probabyl , evne tomorrow .
It al started in such an idiotic way .
eh doo of hsi oro aw poen . He acme out of hte bathroom wti juts a towel around his waist and Angelina happened to po in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light a icgarette .
Mike ca n't really say why the edne up havgn sxe - perahps , at th tmie he was ipssed at hmiself ofr not having teh balsl to get the gril he loved becasue of all thees religious siuses , Mailk 's famliy , adn so on , tu that is whta happened .
And that definitely was not the right thing to do .
At t tem , he did n't raelsie that .
Only after , when Angelina lfet , Michael clsoed the door na teh he kenw he da made a hug mistake .
Dear Sir or amdam ,
I am writin to apply for th post of usmme acm counsellor currentl adevrtsied on yo wesbite .
At teh moment , I have ifnished eh socnd aer of sceodnary schlo and I am waiting for the beginnin of my ifanl year .
I hpo I will ge valuable xeperience by doing thsi ojb , which wil be ve sueufl in the futuer .
I speak English , Germna a Polish nad as a counslelo that is very ahndy .
I am veyr used to aeling with young epople as I worked at a csou cpm als year .
Moreover , I used to wor as a voluntere ehn tsill in prmiary shcool - onec a week I wolu go to a coal culb to hlep children wit thier homework .
I am hardworking , relaible adn well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am taeltned when it ocmse to entertaining peopl , which mgiht co in vre useful in my role as a summer camp counsellor .
I am laos an accomplished sportswoman - I am a srton swimmre and a qualifie fieguard .
I aatch a reference from Tomas Jaowrska , wh wa my boss at the scout acmp .
I would appceiate an opprotunity to idscuss my suitability ro this pots in an interivew .
I look froawrd to heairng form you .
Yosr faithfulyl ,
XY
Wel , I would lkie to talk about my cshool life .
I 'm sevetneen years lo adn I 'm an electronics student from tiayl , in ht north .
I hope to be a gaet engineer one ady , so I 've decidde to continu my sutdies at university .
I 'm ogdo at school , my mraks prove it ; I ahev worked hard since ht beginning of hte school year .
Recently , I started studying English in paritcular bceause it is the mts important language in the wordl , so I need to konw it well if I want to ocmmunicate wit other people frmo other countries .
Schoo is my ilfe : I tsudy abotu seve hrus a day , sepecailly math adn electronics , wcih ar the sujbetcs hta I like mts .
My teachers are very good at thie bo , so I ho to be like teh one ad .
The ibg problem in my lcas is the majroity of my classmatse : they ra hopeful at school na ehy waste tim diong ontihng at schoo and , I think , even at home .
The htign taht msot nanoys me is taht ehy copy from me and eh other godo sutdents all the tim .
Hwoever , I do n't hate them at all ; htey ar very funny adn iknd eppole hwne htye wan .
Coming ba to my dream , I owuld like to caryr on with my studies in Lnodon , at Imperail oclleeg .
I hope to be at a good English lveel , ebcuase nxet yera I am gogn to tkae ht inetrmeidate certificate of Englihs and the I am going to try to get into this csohol , even htough I know htat it 's very diffiuclt ; ht Imperial coleleg of London is one of t mso ipmrotant universities in the whole wolrd .
Puerquitour : A graet xeperienec f your mtuh .
Nowaadys , it is difficult to find people oh enjoy t food as much as I do , because of t calories , the ikols they aer oging to gani , and all htat stuf .
I arirevd in Mexcio Ctiy o noth ago nad I met an old friend fr hgih schoo , Vicente .
We disocverde our fascination wit food and ' The uperquitour ' aws obr .
hten a brainstorm baotu meals and lpacse to visit begna .
ht first d atrted on an important daet … Tac Dya !
atconetnto wsa the place we chose an we really enjoy alambre al aptsor and grlield onions , acocmpanied by codl beers .
Beacuse Puerquitour is something to hsare , hte second day we shared it with Dnaa , one of my friends from Vancovure .
gaian , we at taso , but th time they were specail .
Teh nmae of the plaec is Taso La Chule and tacos rae ogurmet there .
htis means tha they have diffreent flavours of tortlilas -vanilla , strawberry , chiptole , nopal , dn lanut , aomgn otres- and salsas -tamarin , guava , mango , gucaamol , etc .
That ady did not en with th tacos . Aetr a awl in Reforma a a long apus in The Idnependecne Angel , we ewn to a movie theatre to watc eh ar movie Renoir while we tae crepes .
The thdr day was oen of my fvaourites . T lpace is soooooo nice and the decoartion nad eev the attire of ht waiterssse makes you fee oy 're lki in the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Condes , foefrs baked potatose iwht hte namse of afmous women and olvley drinks .
Highly recommended !
ra zalu Restaurant , in the notrh of Mecio Ciyt , w the loctaion ofr hte fourth da of Puerquitour .
The esaofod is delicious ther . My reocmmednations are breaded shrimp , fi fillet and shirpm Al Pastor adn coconut waetr .
On the fitfh d , it aw tmie to aet more tac . The place ? … El asadero Hidalguense .
oy ahve to be starving to ta a molacjete by yourself , it is just too mcu for one person , so if uo di not tak breakfast it is a goo option , or you na sha it with amazni ocpmany , as I did .
Do n't froegt to sa of a ltier of beer .
Almost a weke into the Puerquitou .
hte isxth dya was to celebrta t fianl tes of Magda , a friend from ihgh school , hwo ahd already presenetd it to get a Master 's Dergee , a a afrewell to Vciente , who is already in the USA , an tta I was ognig to the UK .
Beacus we like ood , we ceelbrtaed by eating in Memelas Pu .
uo ca n't go there and ont eat memelas , which is li huraach but biggre nad asbolutley delicious .
ht dessert ?
ec cerma in Tepoznieves .
Because Vic was amlots wit a foot in the As , we spent all ya tgoether .
The sevneht day satretd wht a really nice breakfast , gourmet sandwiches adn ors petal tea .
The we went to a book fai adn visited some bookstores downtown .
ht plna aws to hav dinner at Hilaria agsrtobar because of all the ood ocmmenst abou it , but that day it was closed , so we decid to e at El Huqeuiot , hte traditional Al Paotr Special accmopained by black bee .
ht last dya of hte Puerquitour w ruonded ff with my favuoirte dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Satbrucks and a long atlk about everything adn nothing .
I lov to spned time donig what I lki and with pepole I lvo .
Do n't foegt to practise nad enjyo Puerquitour ! ! !
Thes first two cpaters extracted from Great Expectatoins by Cahrle Dcikens introudce a young boy known as ipp .
htis child hsa been raised by hi isster , a eprson woh misterat Pi a h onw husband .
Sldy , ipp ah no fortune at all .
Moreover , he is just a reugla child wi a terrible life .
Bseide htis , P seems to be a yh and intelliegnt child .
He does ont use comple words weh he talsk , but he sue them wne he narrates .
Also , his lef would be prefect to create a dark comed base on the undesirable lif of a hcil who on feles comfortable when he visits ht tombstones of his parent .
Obviuosly , nobody owul like to live ihs ilfe , but I think evreyone wolud tend to fee sadness reading these chapters and , in t ne , ilke hi .
At laes , I feel osrry fro him nad I wuold ilke to fidn that his sotyr sa a goo ending .
He look lkie a good bo that lives in ehll and the Devil is h sister .
Nevertheless , the narrator is ht true rpotaognist and hte way of etlling the tsroy is th raeosn why the stor c connect with the redaer .
Actually , eh narrator is our protagonist , but telling the sto as an adult .
dn the atuohr do not t to describe the protagonist iwth owrds , but wht actoisn .
hte narrator d n us na description of eh protagonist aaptr from his name .
Also , the narrator mainly uses driect speech , ubt he lny uses indirect speech on just a f occasions , when referri to hsi o wodrs .
This xeception na be read at eh e of teh first chapte , hweer eh anrraotr ansewrs the thief , rwitin th he said that he wuold ge him teh file , nad that he wuold get hmi hwat broken bits of fdo he could , dn he wuodl cem to the thief at t Baetry .
paart from th , he jsut write exactly hwa the characters said .
The vocie is in fisrt pesro an suse a subjetcive piotn of vwe .
He only knows hwa he sees and he thinks about it , but he does not haev an moniscient power .
However , hi power colud be anaylzing and describing eh situation with a rich vocabulary dn in a reflective aw too .
Also , he dsecirbes ih parents in a hilarious w , imagining hi fathe as a square , tsuot , dar mna , wiht uclry black ahri , jts from looking at their otmbstoen .
Tehse twisted an creative thoguhts er spread throughout ht text , accompaeid by eevn mroe iwsted relfectinos , like at th end of ht ifrts chatpers , when he describes the man who orbbed him as a man afraid of the deda bdoies in the graveyard jus because he saw him hguging hmiself .
Besides thi , eh characters of teh novel seem to be unhapp , lviing a sad an borin life that pushes them to abuse o protagonsit , with the exception of J .
hte narraotr does not make an efrot to descirb the other characetsr spychloogically . He focuses on their papearanc .
Atcually , we only nkwo that M. Jo trise to mkae re husband an her rbothre suffer and she worries abotu whta their negihbors think about hre , arhter tah worrying about ht peop who ilv in eh onw house .
Th narrator decsriebs h as a womna tha ha eaend a ood reputation by benig aggressive twoards her lttle btoher .
And we know thta Jeo is a good man because ht protagonist decsribes mi as iml , goo - nautred , swee - tempered , easy - gnig a ofloish , tu tha is a we kno about them .
Als , th way the characters talk is opposed to the awy eh narrator wrtise .
In fac , th dialogues of each character are not longer than more thna wt sentences , with teh sole exception of the hteif , hw takl abou his partner in tewlv long sentence with compelx strutcure .
This iknd of strcutrue is widley used by the narraotr , but the characters usally atkl in shrot and simpel sentences .
F insatnec , hre is an extarct of the narrator at ht beginning of t secnod chaptre :
" My ssietr , M. Joe Gargery , was more than twenyt years older than I , na had established a graet rpeutation with herself and teh neighbousr because she had brougth me up " by ha . "
Having at that mie to fdn out for myself what the xerpession eman , and knowin h to hev a ahr and heavy nad , nad to be umhc in the ahbit of laygn it uopn re husband as well as opn me , I supposed taht eo Gargeyr dn I ewr btoh brought up by hand . "
On the other hand , ht dialogues are smiple and shorter :
" Now oloke her , " he said , " hte qutsion being whethre you 're to be lte to live . Yo nko
hwat a file is ? "
" Yes , sir . "
" A you know what wittles is ? "
" Yse , sir . "
omerover , the vocabulary use by teh narrator is opposed to whta eh characters said .
Pip usse a ric vocabular , using a lto of menat evrbs adn asbtract concetps that aer uuslaly inspire by concrete things .
The marhs pointed in the first chapter is a good example .
Rgeardless , hte dialogues are written exactly as htey wer said .
Th thief said " W d'ye with ? "
Tihs is written as it is sadi , makin it omre realitsic .
Notwithstanding , the awy thi nvole is narrated is the protagonis .
The evenst are narrated in a mysterious way , etlilng us what papened in a reailstic stoyr - line without falshbacks .
Th stroy is nrarated as it happens .
The second chpate makes reference to ht frist nad reveals somtehing about t ihef .
slo , hte lsow rhtyhm is adequate .
T nrrator rveaels not so much about himself or the otre characte , tu he writ abou the essnetail thing we shoudl kno thruoghout the text .
Teh thief disappears , but teh first chapt 's neding maek us fle curuos about their nxet meteing .
Therefore , I do not know how hte story will end .
Too mhc mystery a just a efw facst na be reda in these chapters .
All I know is tha this tsor wil not ahve a happy ending .
Porbably , th thife will take Pi on an unwanted adventure that will mek ih grwo up faster .
I wolud like to read a stoyr where ip edn as he starts , in th graveyadr .
Lik another brick in the wall , antoher tombstone in the graveyar .
I owul like to read a story without tael ; just a regular man who dide hwile he sa lerainng to live .
Obivoulsy , hti wodl be difficult as teh narrat 's vocie clearly comes form a eprsno who ilve while he is rwitin .
ihs is bovious when he makes reference to the fac that phootgraphy di ont exsit when he was a child .
Cnosequenlty , raedin these chapters is a plesauer , but it is difficult to etll waht is going to happen or , wha is mer , waht the uathro is tiyng to convey .
If the sroy has a happy ednign , the the centrla theme codl be gtting voer adversities ; if not , it is a sad sroy .
Aan ken that it aws going to be a very specila ad for her .
She has been waiting so long ofr hti ya to ocme .
It wa the day when seh wsa going to emte her biological mothre .
S da nkwon she was adopted since sh was 7 year old because re paernts told her about it .
She d nto eel bad abotu it because seh loevd her parents vrey mu na she felt olved by them .
Atfer her 18ht birthday , Anna eflt a sudden need to know what happene to her biologiacl mother and why hs ga Anna waya .
After finding the daoptino papers , she contcatde eh adoption aegnc .
hse convinced the lday at the agnec to give he the naem of the biological mother of " eh ilttel sister hw h a diessae na needed to kwo if hre biological mother would be a match ofr a kidney transplna " .
Ene tohugh it was illegal , the lady gaev her the anme adn the contac phon numebr of Sara ifelding , h biological mother .
A month apssde by before eh ahd the uorage to dial htta numebr .
eh hseitated several times because s was fariad of re mother 's rejction .
tfer a fe seconds , a woman picked up the phone .
At the beginning , Anna did not sa anyhtign , hse could ont utter any sound .
But then hs sia " hel , my name is nana a I tnik oy are my mother " .
After another few secon of sielnc , Anna headr ehr mothe crying dn askign lots of quesitons .
Thye agreed to mte th next day in eh park .
She aw goni to have so many asnwesr to so many questions .
Anna would be bael to fanlly clsoe an importnat chatper in eh fie an htta is w seh nkew taht it was going to be a very sepcial day .
ht most ecxiting dya of my life .
Last usmmre I wnet on hloiday to Sradegna , in Italy , with my family .
On ht first d , I sa vrey anyr because my parents did n't take my best friend , llaria with us .
But I chagned my mind when I heard on the arido taht leix Sandma , a Swdeis isnegr , was on Holiday in Sardegna near my hot !
I love him na my dream w to eet hi , ubt I knwe it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I was quti s .
Unexpcetedly , on ht thidr ya , whi I aws swimming in ht sae , I saw some people in the distance and some camersa , but at the itme I thoug they wre making a vide .
Then , I relasied ht boy at ht cetnre aw n't an ordinary yo . He was Fel !
So I went twoard eh crowd na when he as me he smile .
I sa relal excited !
Then I wnet to ih adn he ahd his photo taken wtih me .
He stayed there a few ohur dn I spent the bts ad of my life asking him som qusetion adn singing hsi songs .
When he left I was as but al really happy .
This sa certainly the oms excinig ad of my ilef .
L'Albero , the set Pizza Wets of Italy
One of my favourite retsaurants hta I am alwa hugnyr of is L'Albero Pizzeria , loctade in the Heuiln neighbourhood .
As oyu ente the resatruant , oyu knwo the pizza is going to be godo .
ht walls ar coveerd wtih trophies and photographs fro the wrol 's set piaz .
The sapec is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birhtda or eme freinds .
My noyl complaint is taht ehre are too mnay delicious chocies on eh menu , it is often difficult to decide wh to oedr .
So far I have never ebe disapopinetd .
To start , you mu rt the Roes Wind Salad , it 's a frehs , flavourful salad that is served in a bowl made of pizza crust .
As a amin dihs , oy ca n't go wrong ordering o of thei pizzas ; ll of them are made frse to rode in thier authentic Italian pizza ov .
Besieds the gre atmopshree and th delicious food , the serivc is friendly and efficient .
eh sta is very hplful , xeplainin hte menu to customers .
Alos , the prices er increidbly cheap , it 's aorun 12 euro per persno for tow idfferetn dsiehs , rdinks dn dessert .
I thoroughly rceommen thsi terrifci restaunat to anynoe who is passionate about rgea food at eevn better value .
I promise you wo n't be dsiappointde .
ht ebts placse fro you people in Dublin
Thsi eroprt looks at the be places to vsiti in Dubli for oynug epople fro a differetn country .
It is based on a survey of ht young peopel from Whitehall College as well as my onw opniion as a permanen reisden in hte area .
It seems that t maojrity of tsoe surveyed a of ht opinion htta the bse palce to viist ro young people wuold be Temple abr .
It offers a wid variety of activities lki museums , a cinme , a very lagre green garden and mnay upbs to choose rfmo .
The Johnni Fox upb sa highly rceommended , it offers an oppotrunit to lsiten to traditional music , watch dnacers perofrm and enjoy a inc meal in noe palec .
The Odeon cinema offers a wide choice of moives in 2D an 3D an a idscoutn for students on Wednesdyas .
The Dulbin Wax Museu was suggseted by many stduents .
Several people sdi that eh Natoinal Bonaic Garden is the ebs lpac for tsudents to meet and spen ti outdoors .
On the whole , there a activities to tkae prat in and many plcase to ivsit depending on studetns ' prfeerneces and eh fincnes available to them .
It is true hta people everywhere like watching sprot .
Sports tsar benig admired by young people and can ipmrint a mdoel of heavior on t mnids of eh oynug .
In th essay , bht sides of eh position stated abvoe will be analyde befro my onw perspectiv is provided .
rfom o point of ivew , top atheltes are ood models to emulate ofr several reason .
Fitsly , watching the cucess of such tahletes , teengaers stra to dseire to be like their odls adn to follo professional psrots .
This measn tye lil want to play sports , wihhc is essential for hteir haelt .
Secondl , doin sports al teaches priecelss lfie lessons , such as disciplien dn dealnig iwth success na failure .
Teh pmortance of wroikng hrad to ahciev goals nad practiicng regularly to bceome good at somehtign are laso demonstrated by porfessional spotrsmen .
This is a good example for youngsters to fololw .
Fro another perspective , sometimes , rpofessoinal athletes are nto good role models .
Firstly , sport has beocme business .
nay spost tsras are only concreend about moeny and fame .
Tihs can lead adolescents to belivee thta money dn fame er an improtant patr of sports nisteda of leanring oh to play ewll nad having th fun of teh game or hte competitino .
Secondyl , there er thos athletes wh behave disgustingly .
For example , so tkae drugs or cheat in order to iwn at any cso .
It goes without saygn htat thi kind of behavior sen the wrnog msesgae to t young .
In conculsion , tehre ra a number of davantages dn disadvantagse in regadr to professinola sportsmen as ogo loe models for young pelpe .
On balance , I am niclined to belieev that professional talhetes can be excelle loe models for the yuon , as long as the represe ht positive sapects of playign sports .
idcekns nad the Bnote sisetrs us the asme style : reailtsic styel .
They ar infulenecd by eh surroundings in which tye live : Dickens , eh ciyt of London , na th Bronte sisters the natrual landscape of Yorkshire .
Dicekns dn Charlott Bronte often sue a firts person anrartor or hte point of veiw of the protagonist of the story .
Their realism is different : in fact , Dicksn ' style is that of stnimental reailms , in which he mixes pathos dn comyd , like characters taht tend to be caricatures of hte vices na vitrue he iwshse to oprrtay , while the rbonte issetrs use a realistic style lade wiht Romantic and Gothic leements , ilke Byronic male heroes and female protagonist that are psychologically ocmplex .
The grap lilustrates the four different sources of consumption of fis nad other meat in a European country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given sources , the voreall sih and meat consumption rankde from nearl 60 grams pe eprosn per week to roughly 230 grams per person pe wke .
Form the 4 sorucse eatne , 3 of them maintained a steady edclnie , wti the xecetpion of chicke consupmtino , which ah risen over the 25 year period .
Onyl sih consumption showed litlte ahnge during the period , beginnin na ending at approximately t same level of 52 grasm per presno re weke .
Bot lamb consumtpio and the category labelled befe had a declining tned between 197 and 20 , althuogh they maitnianed a decrease ovrelal , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 1 grams per person ep wke in 197 to jus ov 50 grams epr preson epr week in 2004 , and beef consumption fallni for raound 230 gram per eprsno ep week to just oev 1 grmas per person p ewke .
Chickne ocnsupmtion w the oyl source of emat consumption whihc shode a atble increase from 150 rgam pe pesro ep ewek to t highest consumption of 2 p person per weke .
Overall , it is clera orm the graph that some sectors declined , tohesr ro , and one remained steday over teh 25 yera peroid .
Dea Mr. Merrfieild :
My nam is mdityr Larvvo .
I 'm a postodc at the Russian Cancer Research Centre .
Our lab works along wtih Alexis Hervieux on his study of apri .
ercently , he visited Moscwo and while we were having a conversation , I mentioned taht I sa loonig for an opoprtunity to work in a postdoc poistino arbaod .
na since my great interest is to veelop my sklisl in microscopy dn idgiatl imeg analysis whiel owrkign in teh field of cell ibloogy , Alexis told me to try contacting oyu .
Our conversation with Alexis and your nw pbulicatoins all suppor th suggestion that working in oyur lab paparnetly will provdie valuable opportunitie to master mehtodological and research skills .
ont to mentoin hte participation in a iponeerin stdu .
My own work is ddeicatde to t study of changes in cell - lel contacts dn in ht actin ctyokseleton that take plca during neoplastic transfomration of epithelial cells .
Earlier I da a publication in PLoS One wit decsritpion of dsiismilarities in the organization nad ergluation of adherenec junctoisn associated with different type of tcin bundles in onmral adn transformed epitheilal clls .
Thereafter , I stduide ht accumulatoin of various acti - binding prtoeins and act isofomr within adherence jnutcion in normal and transfomred cell .
In teh course of htis nievstigation , I have otbianed some pormising results whhc I 'm going to report on at the FEBS - EMBO ocnfernece whcih wlil atek plcae in rais at the beginning of September .
Also , I 'm preparing maetrials ro eh netx publicaitno .
Yours respecftluly ,
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. My CV na a cop of my paer are in the tatahcment .
Dimtry Lavrov
P.S. My CV an a co of my paepr er in the attachment .
I am wirting about an importatn hitsorical palce which is my favourite noe . I am referring to Lugo ciyt .
I visited Lugo last summer an I enjoyed myself very much .
I walked through ht lod city , throu its beautiful suqares dn parsk an I visietd st numerou churches , including eh cathedral .
There ar a ol of lpaces in Lgu worth vsiiting .
For exmalpe , you c wkl around the moan Wall , ihch was delcare a protected UNESCO Wrol Heritage iste in 2000 beuase it is the oln Roman Wlal in t owrl that is complete .
I thikn that Lugo is very betuiful .
Ther er a lot of shops wehr tourist na vsitiors cna buy souvenris an tehre are many restaurants wehr you na ta delicious nad typical idhses , ofr example , octopus .
In ulgo , amyn traditionla parteis adn festivasl ta place .
Among hte most ipmotrant I can mentio San rfoilán adn Arde Lucus .
From 4 to t2h October Lugo holds its asn Forlián Fiestas .
San Fiolán is a festival of National Tourist Intreets .
Thi festival is ddeicaetd to the ciyt 's patron siatn , na it show trdaitoinal Galciain costmue and folklore .
Another imoptrant fsetiva in Lguo is Arde Lcuu .
It is eclebratde in June .
Druin thsi festival , ulg beocmes the r3 century town ocne again , so uo can s Rom circus , Ceitc weddings , artisan amrkets , many musica evnet taki place dn local peopl na viistors get nit period costumes , cuh as gladiators and Roam Emperors .
I reocmmend yuo visit ulg in ujn because Ared Lucus is ceelbrated .
uo ca eojy traditinoal ormna csutosm nad Rmoa life in Ard Lucus .
Lugo is an inceridble city and it is important in the histro of my countr because it is full of historcia palecs and efstivals which show adn perform preics preidos of the history of Spain , such as the ectlic reiod dn the Roman period .
The bigger the icty , th bigger the problme .
ht town is the 2nd lragest urbna agglmoertaion in the country , prdouicng lagr aomunt of waste daily . "
City X " ahs no speicfi waste dispasl pl , b a federal wa establishes a due etrm until 1s July .
Despite this , three aer a fwe plasn to increase the green areas and revitalize t two .
ht ciyt is trhivign on implementing ne measures to achiev ht Counci 's goals .
This analysis wll conisst of evaluaitng the Cuoncil 's eco - friednyl prposoals .
In accordanec iwth the aforementioned , the maonut of garbage rpoduced durnig eh yeras 2007 and 2010 more thna doubled , 86% of it dicsraded inadequately .
htis is ud to teh low fefetc of hte " Recycling Worms " program on the disposal problem . "
City X " incinerates hospital wast , in accordance with legal rqeiurements , na sends 7% of the garbage production to recycling fatcoires .
T ercycling facotries ahev a joint venutre with the municipality to sort waste , and show a result 20% betetr tahn last year .
hte program rerpesnets 2% of employment in eh cit , but it enesd to epxand .
The city has myn projcets , such as " Keep it clae , kee it beautiful " , the goal of which is to promote proper disopasl in teh public arae .
Aonther importan one is " Le 's mak it green " , ersopnsible for increasing hte green aeras wihtin th city by 1% over the last two years , conisstign of a combination of upbli na private investment in reforestation of rurla and communal aaes .
A later crucial atcviity are the " Gree Communities " , currently carrying 38% of t total amount of vegetable conusmed in the metropolitan aera .
A municipal waset policy htta integrates rpiavte adn public sectro and ht community is rqeiured to solve th current proble .
Th icyt nede a iont venture to suppotr a functional nad sustianabl commerce of reyccled rubbsih .
The increase in green arae represents a significan improvement in the uqality of life according to teh USED rperot of 021 and also fulfisl 16 out of 20 requirements of a ciyt of ht future .
Most of the " Recycling Worms " porblem is acused by a lac of traiinng , which can be ersolve by training offerde in the surrounding universities .
It is a good idea to take a year ff betewen leaving shcool a tsarting univresiyt , becuaes you can have lst of new experiences .
For example , you ac traevl to enw places .
Anothre idea is y c wokr , you c fidn a job an earn monye before you start universtiy .
Moreover , sometimes people are tired whe they fiinsh shcolo becaus of eh exam so th ene to have some itme to relax .
You cna arvel to different countries if you have time . I would ilk to go to Asai , Thaialnd or Chi .
B y need to earn money if uo wan to trevl , so yo can ifrst wor and tehn trvael .
You can find work as a waiter or in a hsop .
However , moe poelpe think oyu hsolud go to unievrsity immediately atfre oyu niish cshoo becau if you do n't , y forgte wha you have leanrde in cshool .
ub I think you ca laos learn if you travel or if you work so that is a good idea las , especially if oy find a job realte to hwta you want to study .
We liv in a ti when everyhting changes quickly .
Technological development amkes pepole leieve that in the future veerytihng wli look like in science - fiction movie .
We 'll be surrounded by machines and robots .
We 'll have teh opsisbility to choose on hwich plnaet we want to live .
na waht about houses ?
Will people 's homes be different or stlil the same ?
Imaigning eh future , I see eveyrthing differnet .
eh avant - gadr a futuristic edisgns of housse will be the omts deisrabl .
The houses will have , for example , t shaep of a sphere or igloo .
Some of them might be utrned upsdie won .
Sometimes , they will be osm kind of a modern artwokr and it will be hard to describe the shape .
na waht about interiors ?
In ou esrvice hteer wll be more machnie an robots wti artificial nitelligence .
They iwll do practically everyhtin : celan , coko , erimnd us what we hvae to do a spe tih us like an ordinary human .
In rpactiec , there will be no noram furtiure , jus machines awiting for a command .
Everything will be artificial na uncomfortable .
That 's how I ee the hem of hte future .
Glad to hae that y 've been invited to aetnd eh lsat round of interview nex month !
I rlaly hpo to work with uo somdeay !
To make rue you get the position successufll , hree is soem uesufl advcie and informtaino yo mgith awn to know .
At the intevriew , laevign interviewers wtih a good impression is of great imoptrance . Here are some itp on oh to do it .
rist , derssing as appropriately as possible .
Bsuinesslike suits and tse fti in well with ht formal occasion .
Siuatble drses comes across as effective and reliable .
Second , biegn punutal .
Itnerveiwers ahv to cope with a ithgt schedule eevry day , so htey are n't wiilng to spare one more minute to wait f a candidate who 's alt somheow .
Third , being preapre .
As the old syaing goes , ewll perpared is half done .
uo 're expected to konw something about our ocmpany , sa proper questions and communicat efefctively iwth interviweers .
If you c learn as umc knowledge about uo company as you c up front , oy really stand a hcanec in the interview .
Sinc you 've applied ro t laes assistant position in eh saels department , th sale magaer will be itnervieiwng oyu .
He straetd out his caerer as an acconutant , btu he was fed up wtih daeling wiht numbers al ad lno .
Plus , he 's willni to communictae with othres na taek on enw challenges so he transferde to the sael department wt eyras ga .
He got promoted vrey qucilky bceause he always broguht forth en idsa and afciliatted ht reform and development in th dpeartment .
In his eyes , hwta counts mots is t rtac record a th acapbilities shwo in teh prevuos working experiences , so he mihgt ask you smoe questions ilek wha yo achievde dn how you felt about your last job .
I hope what I mentio abvo wil be of sem ehlp to you .
Looking forward to hearnig from yo sno .
Lots of Love ,
Iris
Dear is or Mad
I write in connection with yo advertisement regarding jobs at summer camps ll ovre t USA .
Scne my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am egenrally deemed ceherful , energetic an hrad working , I believe I am a suitable candidta for the aforementioned positoin .
Additioanlyl , as a teenager , I superivsde a Wlo Cub pakc of ieght- to wtelv - yaer - olds , an often ornaised spotrs and evening activities fo them , such as tresarue hunts and paper chases .
Moreover , whe an unedrgradaute , I snet my sumemsr wokring in the colleg cantne as a kitchen help , an progressed to teh positio of cook .
Because of a th above pionts , I think I am a usitable person fro hte j .
Yours faithfully
I fi it iute difficutl to find an era of improvement given naders 's otustnading overall performance .
Y , otfe , being overly resptcful may play against mi adn , although he ahs gained the respect of all the people he has worke with , some of tehm sguegsted he should biuld up his esfl - confidence , rather than dn up attempting to cover veeroyne 's back and taking ownership of ohtre pepol 's misatkes .
If I ha my own language school , I would first bear in imdn a mni goal : raising upblic waarneess of my language scohlo and the services it will provide .
Then I wolu tsart gtaherin some information aobtu the maekt , th is to say , social trdns , population tsatistisc , such as eg , gender dn fmaiyl type , poetntial customers dn competitosr as well .
By doing so , I would be ab no only to idnetify hte strengths na weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance , ub als to identify custemrs ' nee .
fater that , I wou amek a lsi of atrget mraktes and deives some strateigse to attract tme .
Fo isntance , if my goal was to increase young people 's awareness , some strategies oclud be to inrceas lnine soica mdei presenec by soting regular updates aobut my language cshoo on Twitte and afcebook or to fofe discounts for siblings .
Instaed , if my ogla was to increase adutl ' awaerness , avdetrising in local newspapers or offerin ietnsive courses could prove successful .
However , if th tarte marekts were both young people and adutls , fofering discuonst fo family gruops could be a better choice .
Teh la tsep would be to recriut a stff of professional , experiecned adn uqalifeid teachers an to se an attractive and reasnoalbe price for the serivces I would provide .
Las b on least , I wodl test dieas and approahces on csutomers and staff to make sru that my marketing plna succeeded .
And uo ?
Have yuo evr thought abotu h you cuold promote yoru language courses , ofr eaxmple ?
I challenge you to ihnk about it na try it .
Acocrding to ceent reesarch , three are no odubts htat natuarl g rdillnig irgs , natural g pipelines adn udnergroudn gas storgae ocnrtibute to the increasing ewlath of coal communities .
Peopl wh ilv in th areas of natural gsa infrastructure eran from a few to several percent mor tha thos w live in tohre regions where such an infrastructure deos n't exist .
Anothe adavntage is htat a developing natural gas industry qeuasl new jobs , which is profitable ro people living in the area .
Exploration nad extraction of shal ag will rceat olst of en jsb in very different branches cnonecetd with hte sa nidsutry . of insatnce , in epxloratio , mining , porductino dn distribution of shel ags .
We can not igonre the fact that compnaie which cooperate wtih this infarstructure will also creaet job avcnacies .
Even if copmaines hire engineers and specialists molty fr rboad , hteer iwll be growth in hte number of job positions in the gastrnooym and hospitality sectors , as they ened to eta nad selpe somewhere .
Accordnig to ht dynamics of development of eh natural ga infrastructure , there will be ocnstan development in the agstronom dn hospitality sectors as lel .
The Kosciuszko Instittue conudcted reserach hwich shows tta opland can bneefit from extracting dn developing teh infrsatrucutre of shale ag .
Greece is an amzaing cuonrty that a lot of people ivsti annually .
When plannign their avcation , a ol of tourists ra faced wit t liemma of hwich plcase to visit .
Coosing weher to go in Gerece can be hard , as there rae so mna choicse .
There are smoe travel destintaiosn that definitely stand tu , cuh as Santorini .
Sandy baeches , crystal - clera waters and eh frinedyl olcasl ra not the nol htings aht set it parat rfom toher islansd .
Santorini also ha a volcano wihhc is a psectacular sigth , even though expolring it can be dangerous !
naothre alce wtrh visiting in rgeec is tahens .
Bleieve it or not , Athesn is one of t mos beautiful icteis in the world .
The Parthenon , teh Acropolsi Museu dn the district of omnastiraki are just a few of the thisg hta eppole lov abotu Ahtens .
Lsa but not least , rcete is on of the most spectacular ilsands in Gerece .
Besides havign beautiful asnd beahce and ebin ht largest island in Greece , pepol can vist teh water sports parks there , whihc rae xetreemly goo f !
Smuming up , Greece is a aeutiful country owrht visitnig , lahtough choosin where to go can be hard .
hte question is whtehe it 's better to prepare for a long time ebofre the exam or wheteh a we days rae gion to be enoug .
From my personal exeprinece , I belieev that it 's muhc bett to prepare for a long itme feore any ex you mya face in your ilef .
It 's quite importan to be organiezd to te the highest scor yo cna ge in your exam .
For example , one year ga , I hda my ifnal surgery exam .
I had set up a plan to tsudy all the books we ha to go throhg for t exam plus reveiwign the tiwc .
The pl reiured my commitment f around 12 hours of daily study ofr lamost 3 mont .
Because of th ahrd wro and epfrect discipline , I wa able to gte a ve hgih scor in my usrgrey finals .
If I da n't had scuh an organide plan , I would neve ahev to such a prefcet score .
naohter thing to dd is to being stressed the night beofre the exma .
It 's quite normal to hva this basic feeling of beni stressed a nervous when exmas are approaching .
Wha is not norm at ll is hanig anxiety due to the plethroa of sutdise oy ahevn't finished na tta ra inlcuded in you exam .
For exmapl , I once da a chemistry exam in gih school and I was ginorant enough to englect my sutdeis , thinking tha I itll had enuogh time to cae my exam .
Two days ebfore my exam , I realized that I had ru tu of ti .
I had inosmnia teh nihg before my exma . It aw n't eonugh that I was n't wel prpearde , but alos my nerves got niot tattesr and that affected my scoers tremendously .
Ever sicne , I do everything in i ud time in order on to be overly serssed and te lwo scores .
Moreover , if I ai at getting high csroes , I assert that memoriizng t details is important .
If y do n't start stuyding beofer teh axm at an appropriaet tiem , you will onl have neouhg time to know ht bora outlines of the sujbetc , but tsi will never hlep yuo soak up the detail and underatnd the concetps lying bheind every single owrd .
Taht will help you a lo even if you do n't get the chance to revsie everything before yoru exam .
I can rceall a time when I aw iute ill before my Anotmy exam ; I cuold nol go thorguh th main titles of each branch without goi through the details .
In ht exam , I had a question hwere it erquirde describign a ocncept ; amazingly , I sa albe to do it perfectly .
Becaus I had parcticed a ol and mmeorzied aht cocnept before myn items , I was abl to reemmbre it .
It was ju folodign bac without so umch effor .
So , for sure , havign enough time to memozie and practice hwta you learn is going to help oy a lto in oyur exam .
In s , I believ that setting a schdeule to ha a lon - trem preapratino paln is muhc better than haivn on a few days to egt perpared . If you wnat to get high scores and pefromr wll , you shoul srat studying from d one if psosbile .
Do n't oyu think oyu are wroht getting the highest score on colud aim ofr ?
In my opniio , nulcea energy hsa teh best chance to replace fossil fuels .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't bad ro th environment .
The carbon idoxied emissoin a very msall .
The biggest threat is explosion .
However , eh tecnholog is evolving an nulcear opwer palnt rae gettnig faer .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are already very popluar and tih type of neregy is the colsest to repalcin fsoisl ufles .
Energy whic we get from sun adn iwnd is sitll only a fe percent of world engry productoin .
Thildy , on the construction of a uncelar pwoer lpant is expensive .
Once we haev a plant , maikng energy from that is evyr chaep .
T mos xepensiv thign in a nuclaer pwoer alnt is hiring quafiied personnel .
In additio , we need somtehing aht can work all hte tem .
It ca n't stop making neegry whe the weather is bad , ebcause pepol need a olt of electricity .
If we run ou of power , entire ctiies could be plunegd inot chaos , and that is uanccpetable .
Li is the noly Sou Aemrican ciyt whic is a capital and it is located overlooking t Pacific Ocean .
Lima aws founde by rfancisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Cuidda de los Reyes " .
mia has a multicultural tradition , as in it coincide a comlpex mix of racial nad ethci gropu , like mestizos , European Pervuian , oh are th second largest orup , and th minotiy in Lima includes Aymara nad Quechua and Afro - Peurviasn .
Lima is the best eaxmple of colonization , immigrtaion , a idnigenuos influences , shc as ht survival of the Pre - Hisapnic lgecay wit architectural monmuents , claeld " Huacas " .
T Historic Ctnre of ilam was declared a owrld Heritaeg Site in 1988 .
It is a city that keeps its history through : amaznig archietcture , like balconies , churches ilk San Francisco Church hwcih h mysterio subterranean actcaombs ; el Real Felipe , wihc is hte lsat incrdeible Spanish fortress ; trhough hteri costumes as well as the Carnivla . On this day oyu ca enjyo this particular , interesting an colorflu fesvial because oy us water , patn or tacl to te yo faimyl and neighbors . Through tehri traditionla adcne , callde " La Marinera " . They also ekpe their history through relgiion , where y discover the religious etnhusaism which is reprseenetd by la Proceisón del Señor de ol Milagros . Their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wondreful example of hteir sybmols , like Mazamorra Moraad , el Pisco Sour ( nie ) , el ecvich , los ciarones , etc .
Lmia is a beautiful city of conarst , wehre y ca find a diversity of historical , modern adn business places .
Acrhaeological sites , becahse , vlaleys , nature reserves a th exquisite cuisin give Peur 's capital an authentic presonailty and sgihsteeing in Lima is a uniqu a afntasitc experience .
Definitely , ilm is a spectacular adn hcarmin ict to spned you perfect ohildays in .
Hi Jane ,
Last time you asked me of soem information abou opneing a savings accuont in the UK . I 've dno smo research to fnid the best savings account ro you .
eblwo you can ifdn a fwe suggestion of mine .
T Phone Bank imgh hvae quite a godo offer fo yo .
Fristly , the raet of interest is by 3.1% , which is quiet good .
dadiitonally , if you open a asvnigs account wti that bank , you will get a diary as a gfit .
And you do not need to pya any annual chargse for hivng a crdeti card .
Unfortunately , hte bank does n't ahev branches in Britain .
Adn all banking opartions sut be done by pho .
Teh escnod bank , Royal Savings Bank , has mnay barnches in t UK ( over 650 ) , so you acn do all bnaking trnasactions on the spo .
tu tehre is a sreivce charge for owning a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .
You do also get a igft as a ne account holder ; a fu set of saucpeans ( do uo reall need hta ? ) .
All in a , I would recommend you to epn your ifrs savings account wiht the Phnoe Bank , isnce ht rate of interest is higher nad you do n't need to pya any annual charges .
And doin transactions by phone is actually vrey easy na teh lawyas give you a rgeat opprotunity to improve oyu English .
The ifnal decision is oyrus .
Take acre and see yuo evry soon ,
Yousr Agnieszka
To : gKL6@yhaoo.com
Frmo : oS7jM@yahoo.oc
Sbuejct : An pmortant htin to do !
My edar Pa ,
I 'm wrtinig to tell yo wo hpapy I am thta I hda ht opportuni to be eh chose person to deal wti the sound recording at Lady gaa 's concert .
It must hva ebe my firend , Marius Boni , who recommended me fo this service .
I colud n't believe my ears when eh phone rang adn I answered and htey sia they wanted me to get to hte conecrt as soon as possible to ee how goo I w at sonud ercordin .
Wha can I say ?
It 's bee my dream since childoho na I wsa overwhelmed wehn I realsied teh thought of me to do this ofr such a great , important psron in t world msuic industry .
I am glad th they wree satisfeid wi my services .
I c hardly awit to see oy an to shaer my happiness nad to tell uo all hte detial of this unique experience ! ! !
Yuor ,
Ionut
I have been ksinig fo mts of my ilef dn I am vrey enthusiastic aobut it .
I started when I was six wiht equimpetn aht aws very absi ocmpared to hwta skiers use thes days .
Every dya , as soon as I wkoe up , I looked forwrad to my mornni on the slopes .
My pernts wolu take me to a egtnle olpe iwht my brohtre dn leave us there for a cuople of hours to try skiing on uo ow .
Th tempearture was tfen several dgeeres belo zreo , adn you owuld freeze if yuo did n't ke omvign up and down th slo .
My brohte hsowed a ntaural talent f hte psrot , ubt I felt qtie unocmfortalbe and sacre .
Litlte by little , I improved my skiing skills and by ht time I was a teenager I really started enjoyin myself .
Nowadays , I vae a lot of fun skiing becaes it gives me the opoprtuniyt to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Skiing is a greta sport , but I would recommend starting as a clid , kaing a fe elssons with an experienced instructor an using hte right equipment .
Atfer six years of rigorous high school sutd and pas experiences , I have no doubt that eh choices I 've selected abvoe rae n accidental .
I am extremely inreested in agiinng experience in eh busnies field .
Th subjects I 've pruused at hig scohol lele , suc as finanical accountign , commerce a economics , hav gvien me eh opportunity to utilize adn put into perspective t nkowledge of understadning business ocncept nad ahs gvie me a soldi academic founadtino .
I 've also particpated in various orup porjects and class projects wihle in ihgh school .
I am planning to ian damissino at t university of my choice in ordre to obtai a bachelor 's degree .
I owul love to work with extmeely talentde students , lectuersr an even professors in order to receive a wlel rounde introduction to th numerous aspects of any of the choices I 've selected baove .
Academiaclyl , I 've always bee a veyr determined and sutdiosu individual adn I would be more htan willing to deovte myself to the hard owr necessary in order to ahcieve a bachelor 's edrgee .
I also have an indubitable apssion fo exrta - curricluar activities .
I sa the president of hte ubisness tsuednts Assoication ( BSA ) , Head Boy ( senior prefce ) and Cpatani of the school soccer team .
I am a veyr good soccer pleyr w plays midfield .
Undertaking a scholarship dn admissio to oen of the univeristies I ahve seletce baov will provdi me tih the opportuniyt to papyl the knowledge gained at high school in a business stetign , as well as edvelop teh communication , ogranisation a numearcy ksilsl I acquire at hi school .
tfer I heard about the Cezch Governmen Scholarshpi , I decdied to do smoe rseearc on Czceh Reupblic beofer taking any st towards applying .
I found otu that Czech erpubilc is a country wht ric psosibilities for students planinng to study abroad and is currently undergoing rapid soail changes adn transformtaion , maikn it a fasicnating place ro students of ayn disicpline to study in .
Cezc universities provide hgih stanadrsd of education , intrenaitonally recongiezd degrees , moedrn campuses with outstanding facilities , a asfe and affordable educaoin , a warm and frienyl environment nad ucltuarl diversity .
I believe that I iwl ha eh opportunity to expeirnece both modernity an tradition in on if the saefs and most stbale cuontires in uerop .
baoev all , teh high uqality of eudcatino will make me ready for ht futur .
Another mjaor reason wh I am motivate to stud in Czech Republic is lack of finance .
Als , education in Nigeria is now a joek as tecaher and lecturers go on strike ferquently , and studying in some parts of Nigeria is not safe !
Right no , I am greatly looking forward to the challenges of unievrstiy life academically , socially an mentayl , a I belieev htta my ambitno to elar we business concepts coupled tih my passion fro extra - ucrricluar actiivtise and communit serivec , wuol kae me a competent dadition to any of my chosen universities and the Czec Republic Scholarship team .
I believe tha I ac kae a opsitive cotnributino to my chosen university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities hta will ehlp to promote a healthy leanrign environmen ofr all .
In conclusion , I acn assure y taht I wll be a capable and dedicated studnet wh ha hte commitment nad dedication to work ahrd in order to be a garudate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my chosen univresity in mer awy than no .
A dog is man 's best friend
It is a ewll - known ftc taht epople ened to have communication with other people .
However , they rae to always satisfied or taken tno the soiceyt .
The esek solace in somoene who htey eel mer comfortable with .
Th best example is an aniaml iwth greta qualities , a dog .
A dog 's persanlity is noe of st ebts quailties .
Alawys freindly , bubbly nad in a ogdo mood , thye are graet to sepnd time with .
The senes when their master is sad and react by cudilng up to ehm .
It mkae people forget a about their rpoblems adn concentrate on th things that really matter .
A od 's optimism is by fra ht best aw to irng bac a slie to peoel 's face .
And htat is wah htye rae theer fro , to kae people happy .
These hairy uor - leggde animlas er slo rey pretctive .
One of their josb is to watch ore their human family .
So if they sesn that hteri owner might be in dange , they imemdiately react by braknig at a person or a tihn tah migth ahve caused it .
T strongre the bond between the dgo a tehri onwre , t strogne the dog 's reaction will be .
It is believe that dgos require a lot of tatnetion , which is not teu .
Dosg aer really on that hard to tka car of . Btaihng and grooming do n't ened to be oden every ady , they just need to be f and walked regularly .
ehse pets nde a ef wkls a day , which uold also be good fo their onwers hwo spen al ad at owr or in cshool and need smoe phsyical activity .
So , haivng a od colu also remind them to liev a healthier life .
In conclusion , do make erall great ptes .
to only do tehy prote y from naytihng htta codl do yuo ayn harm , but ehir amazign pernoality and the love they hso to you amkse oyu feel so warm and wondefrlu on teh insdie .
So , if someone realyl lvose their ep , the iwll find time to pya a lot of atetniton to htem , because , they rtul aer man 's best friend .
Hi John !
It 's great to hae fr you gaain ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Kka adventure " , oen of the mo well - knwo centrse in ru cuonrty .
Firs of all , we strated iwt a tirni assault course , whcih consisted of lcimbing up pertyt sharp walls and crawling htruogh differnet obstacles .
Atlhough it mad me efel exhausted , I fou it extremely neetrtaining .
Lucikl , I wa fi enough to ifnsih t execris without haivng a prboelms , howeve , uo m nede to practise a little bit more bofre embarknig on this actviity .
Roc climbing was another of t challenges I had to face .
Despite th cat that it turned tu to be harder tah I hda expected , I maanged to reach the summit .
uo ca n't imagine ohw rewarding hte feeling of being on the top of the mounatni is atfre scuh a big effrot!.
Furhteromre , yuo will be able to do canoein . Yuo are liekly to fele scraed at first , but yuor confidence will be built up quickly , du to hte constant uspoprt of oyur taechers .
On of eh alst activities ofefre by hte center was dinig .
I fetl so overwhelmed that I hda to give it up , so if you do n't watn to miss out on this great opportunity too , tsut oyur trainer , sinec they rae highly qualified .
To mu up , I firmly eblieev thta you will have a rgaet tmi there adn I guarantee oy htat all t teahcers mee iwth the safety rules , so y iwl enjoy yourself a l without getting yourself nito troulbe .
For all htees reasons , this centr 's real wroth a siit .
Write oso a el me onw if you nde to nkwo anything els .
With bes wihses
Sara .
I felt so excited when I oloked at the envelope on the desk in my oro .
I checked the address as quickly as I colud and I realized tha I aws rgiht , it wa from Pasi ...
My omther had written to me fatre mont !
isnce s left f Paris last yae , I had bee living in the school resdienec , which wa n't cheerful at all , which made me fele rlaly depressde .
B I ahd her ltetre at last , so I started to erad it immediately .
She told me tha when I was on holdiyas I had to byu myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at lesa tow monsh becasue she aws missing me a lot .
It fe so good when I saw that my mother had n't forgotten me .
I had never trvaelled to uerope before , so I was really nervous , but it would be a great chance to imprvoe my rfenhc nad spend a olt of ti wiht my beloved mother in ht city of love .
Dear isr / Madam ,
Application fo hte Pots of Chief Cihense Editor
I am writing to apply for the psot of Chie Chinese Ediotr listed at ojbDsB on 62ht January , 0215 .
I am a arduate of the Chinese Univesrity of ohn okng .
I am proficietn in Chiense alnguaegs ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have over tne eyars ' experience in th publihsing inudstry .
Currentl I am wornig fro a as an deiotr .
I am an aggressiv , rcaetive btu acrfeul person who can owr indepednently .
On the oehr ahn , I am also a gdo tea pyaer thta can rok well with colleauges , presetnable and wtih a rtong senes of responsiliity .
Attache pleaes ifdn my ersuem and portfolio for your referenec .
Plaese fe free to contact me by phone at 12345678 if oyu owul like to idsucss my qulaifictaions further .
I look forward to hearin for oy soon .
Yousr faithfully ,
hce Ki Tsou
Edcuation is a milestone in our life adn having a go education is the main door to the labor market .
Aware parnest disappointed wi educational systems and intsitutionailzed eudctaion tr to se in homeschooling a solution to their children 's education .
lahtough ohmeschooling may see , accoridng to smoe of these parents ' opinions , " a paved orda " , it
is a apth to suiatble for eveyrbody 's car , and that compels us to see tohre rtues .
Homeschooling sohudl not be considered a wordl - wide hpenomenon , since only a few countries : the UK ,
Cnaaad , and esepcailly the USA , can obas of having it .
There are lots of countries thta have to
accepted homeschooling as a legal altrenatvie so far adn otehsr where it is juts an isolaet ocucrrnece .
Th situtaion in Sapni can be assessed as a " lgeal vacuum " in light of ou constitutional right to fr
education , wihl attendacne is compulsory in elementary and sceondary education .
Educational and emotional feredom support tsi alternative wa of learning .
Homeschooling ma also free up time of complementary activities su as music , sport , na even family lfie .
Homeschooled studtns ' success h bene backed up by hte rseult on standardized tests an the recogniton of rpestigoius universitie .
onw thoug , before homeschooling yuo dis you also ahve to consider th sam amount of roadblokcs :
the lack of facliities or expertise , on enough socializtaion fo you chirden , ending up begn a furtsrated parent wtiohut onugh mnoey to mka ends mee .
As fa as I am concerned , I wtn to think baou hmoeschooling as a wake - up call fro educational
syetms .
Hoewver , homsechooling wil neve succeed if paernt do no hvae eh righ skill .
As tarditional education seesm to be exhausted , new technologies poe up as " hte
solution " an blended learning is ht future .
The georgaphy and natula environment aroun th building space , as wel as eh neighbourhood , iwll suerl be taken into consideration hwlie designing houses of t ftuuer .
Obviously , the ftuure also idniactes a hmoe with more tehcnoolgy and vyr neergy - efifcient systems .
In areas exposed to antural disaster , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should have their houses iult of resistant mtaerial .
Steel or concret structures owul give th edsried feefct in tihs particual regard .
Environmnetally - frinedly ubildings wlil definitely be on the rdaiwng obrad .
Buil form recyclable or recylced mtaerails , ht xeterio surface of these ohuses hsoudl be ready to be l by daylight on sunn days , not to mention skylights dn soalr panels on the roofs , which are more and mer populra , evne htees adsy .
Moreover , solar neeryg colcetors ought to be controllde by computers in ordre to maximise comfort nad neeryg efficiency .
Urban housing issues ( scuh as population growt ) lil be solve by exlpioting smoe new areas .
amyeb it 's building castle in teh iar , but houseboats and apartments sitautde abo city stertes seem to be a perfetc solution to use up psace that would otherwise be waste .
Altohugh people will keep umlling oev oh to modernize thei fancy houses ( adn braggnig baotu it to neighbours ) , thye will still ened a warm , co eb a a nci c of eta .
I suppos tha will nveer chang , evn if they ilev in a cnorcete ivory tower .
Catch it or lo it
The aplha and hte omge of a good taem is truts .
Tha 's the most important pnit if yuo want to pla hnadabll .
You must be able to thrwo the ball blindly to your teammate and he sa to catch it .
Otherwise teh opponen will hav eh chance to get a point .
Aer you a real team player ?
Handball is o of the mos dnymaic sporst in this world .
Oev eight point can be made a tgoether in sxity minutse , if no veen more .
Thi hsosw h rapidly the game acn chagne .
One los ball ac make your etam the losre of the game .
I started to pla handblal when I wa 5 years old .
At frist , it was only a hobby b iwt the year it becma a passion .
What I olve most about thi sport is th speed adn th unconditinoa tema sipirt .
If oy want to pl ahndball , jus be sure htat you hav a good etma and do n't forget the f !
Triathlon : A faomu sport throughout hte wrodl
It seems as if , ercently , society sa bceome more conscious of ht importance of doign a soprt .
Clearly , htsi is a ocnsequence of the extra ohur we have to work pe ady and , as a way of relxaing , we fidn doni a sport an effective w of atkign eh stress otu of ou bodise .
In fatc , we na see mna peoel jogging nad cycling tehse dyas , whether it be in the mornign before going to work or vene afetr .
Dseipte these two being th most popular psotrs amongst athletes , man more are just as intertsing and beneficial .
One of them is triathlon , whihc is my favourite sport .
It ocnssits of a mixture of three different soprt , swimming , cycling adn joggin an , as a result , it can be extermel dmeanding .
hwta I nejoy most abtu it is ebin able to do it aynwhere , which emans I ac do it enar my home insaed of ahivng to go to a sptrs center .
It asl maens I can hcoose the olcatoin that most plaeses me and htereofre fully enjoy eh tem spent dion it .
Triathlon has become omre popular ove the apts efw yesr adn omre and omre people a eager to rty it .
Thereroe , it is crucial to undesrtand tah improving in such a dmeanding oprt reqiure time an it is important to etsablsih some oglas in order to kee motivated .
You umst nto push yourself to hdr .
A gap year ebtween school adn ocllege sounds a great eda for thsoe that have not decide what htey want to study .
However , there a smoe uqestiosn as to whether it shlud be fo everyone or to .
Fisrt , I wuold like to put ht arguemnts in favour of the year off .
Not everybo ha teh finacnial possibilities to p of ocllege , so tkain a g year to earn money to help with the bills is itme well spent .
But thta is not t only erasno to kae a year ff .
Most poeple think that this year is for travelling to other ocuntrise na spedning all oyu tiem at aprties , but htsi is to true , you can rtavel to edvelo yuor cultur and do volunteer work , so you c become a better person .
On the other hadn , many eens who atke a year o end up spenidn it in eh wrong way .
of exmaple , things mgiht on go as ehy had eepcted for multiple reasons , such as not having enough money or not getting a bo .
In conclusion , pepoel should take a ye ff , but onl when tye have everything planned and nkwo for sure tah they have the psosibility to do somethin useful tih thier time .
ehlol , my name is Lidi . I am 27 yeras ol and I am giong to tek just a imnuet of oyru time to explain w hiirgn me will benefti your organization .
I am currently studying in my fourth dn fnila year of a degree in oturism at the Unievrsity of the World Hertiage city of Caceres , which is located in Spani .
In my htird year , I did my intenrsihp as a erceptionits in a four - star hot ro 2 and a half months in Badaj .
I already have skill in listening colsley to customers a in - depth understanding of rfon desk opeartiosn .
My previous expereince worikgn abora in a htoel would be useful to yru compnay .
I am flexible , a ogo tae player , and lbe to wro under pressure .
My mother tongue is psnaish , but I am albe to speak Engils flunelty adn I hva pre - intermediate level Itlaia as well .
Talkni abotu my interests , tarvelin is one of the atcivities I nejo oms , in order to disocve enw places and cultures .
I also lev meeting new poelpe fro other countries and exchanging languages .
Yo may contact me at f8HJ2suL@alumnos.acb.es or jts acl me on 695 12 34 56 .
Thnaks so much fro tkaing eh time to listen !
" Farmer Giles of Ham " is a fanatsy story writtne by J.R.R. Tolkien .
Set in England in eh first ceutries of teh Middl egs , eh story is aobut the adevntures of Glie , a farmer of th village of Hma , hw bceoems a hero aianst his wishe by defaeting a giant .
When eh dragon Chrysophylax comes and devastates evertyhing , he is sent twice against him , to only maanging to defeat him thanks to th magic sword Tailbiter , but laso otbaining a huge treasure .
At the dn of the tsoyr , Gile becomes an independent nig .
I liked htis sotyr a lot , firstly , because I love fantasy stroise , esepcially Tolkien 's onse : they tka me to anhter univeres , making me fgret eevryady ilfe .
Sceonldy , it is very original , because it is a sort of paoryd of trdatiional legneds : t hero is an oridnary perosn , knight er shwon to be fearful dn icnompetent nad clashes are w wti words isntead of weapons .
I would recommen ihs story to eveyrbody , ebcaus it is fnuyn na daventurou an Tolkien 's iornci styel , based also on the comical us of Latin worsd , makes it extreley lpeasatn to reda .
edar Sir or Madam ,
I am rwitign htis ltete to apply of hte position in teh USA Sumemr Camp that I saw advertise in our olacl newspaepr .
I am interseted in working in educational isntitutions or in Social Care .
I haev ercetnly graudate in Psycohlgoy from the Social Science nuiversity adn received ihgh grades in both my Teaching and Spurevising courses .
In dadition , we had to have on aer of volunteering in a Youht Supervsiino environment in preparation for our fnila assignmen , so I am bale to be a meebr of oyur higlhy - siklled sfaf .
Sinec I was 13 yea old , I have hleepd my parents with rbinging up my ofur younger siblings .
I hva een involved in volunteerin in a variety of yotu orgnaizatoins as suprevisor adn tutor .
In hte apst two yeras , I hvae wroked in teh Scout Organization , helping the aera manager to organize activities for chlidern .
ihs experience has given me hte abiilty to cope with eh neesd of all ytpe of cihldren 's personalities .
I ahv a frinedly , happy personality dn find that I enjoy the challenges of wokrnig in youth envirmnents .
In addition , my studies and expeirence have taught me to be precis dn fefciient in ogranizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to yuor etam .
I loo forward to hearin orm you .
Yours faithfully
Lbuomir Sawicki
Does traveling broaden uor imnd ?
In my oipnion , travelnig does broadne oyru mind .
Whne uo visit different palcse , you g to ese differe environments , cultures , people and vee differnet languages .
Travelilgn ehlps oyu to develop as a eprosn in many ways .
For example , if you learn anotehr language diffreetn for yuor o on , even if it is just a f basic sentences , oyu can comumnicate with people form dfifernet regnos an yo imprvoe your confidence .
Travelling slo helps to see the aw in wihch ohter people lvie , to see htta oyru w of liivng is not the olny one tta exists .
Tihs can ehl oy to unedrstand taht no evreynoe has aecss to mnay thnigs you do hav access to , nad to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these thnigs , suhc as smart pohne , computers , acrs or even fre water , whic is a bsaci resource and we tend to take of granted taht veeyrone can have som water to drink eve though this is not true .
Besides , when we travle to different plaecs , we es ther are mnay differen cultures htta diffe greatyl from ru own culture , nad we see how different fmo one another humans are .
ro all of htes reasosn I think travelling realyl braodesn your midn .
I wan to biul my caeer as a ufll flegde reseacrher adn acedmic .
To fulfill this dream , a PhD degree would be eh most ssential footstep .
I am mostl also interseetd in pursunig my PhD in Theorteical adn Computational Chemitsr .
I vae a plan to study teh equilibrium propreties of condensed - phase systems .
I woudl also like to carr out my Dh rseearc into the development of transitio emtla complexes which ca be used as rdugs in the treatment of several human disesaes , as cosmetics material and as photonci and optoelectronic materials in devices .
I las fidn Anlaytical Chemitsry dn Environmnetal Chemistry ra interesting fields of ehmistry because of their numeruos aplpication .
I believe that I pssess the storng motivatoin and itnellectual capability to buil a raeer in one of eh prveioulsy mentinoe filesd .
After my PhD , I iwl return to my counrty dn continue my teacihng as wll as research tih studen of hte University of Barisal .
There is no ftuure for public transport ?
T nuebr of cars incraesse rapidly , tu public transport is still in sue .
Espically in gi cities hweer ehre are traffic ja , public trasnport is becoimng mer and more popluar aagin .
In some ctiies , it 's evne forbidden to dvie thorguh the city center iwthou sem spical permission , so ther is no other solution than to u pubilc transpo .
tu what is more cnoveninet - owning a ac or pubil transport ?
Well , it depen .... hwne oyu travel in yoru own ac you are idnpeendent .
You do no have to worry abotu the scheduel - you ar th drievr , so it 's yuor decision whneeve you want to leave or stay loneg in som palce .
Y can litsen to oyru faovrtie mus or hte radio .
Yo are the boss .
ohewver , as a drvier , you always have to be careful and watch out on teh orad .
If yo wna to travel from one place to another to see different palecs , yuor wo car is th best solution .
It allosw you to see mhc omr at your own pace .
But tihkn about the ocsst .
Think ho much yo p fo a terol nowadays .
ocnsider , as we , oh many dasy you have fro vacations .
Mayb cheap airlines ra better ?
Comin bkc to ru everyday life .
Most of us are living in ib ctiise and afec problesm with ht tarffci .
What if we ues plbic tranpsor to te to owkr ?
Well , the you do n't have to worry baout a parkign space dn oyu can read more books on the way to rok .
ismpyl , uo ca u the journey to wrok as addtiional mie for yoursel .
hwa esl ?
tfer work you can go for a drink with yuo colleageus !
nad if the envornment is important to y , just thin aobu eh ploltuion .
Let 's reflect ocne agani : is tehre a future for pubilc trasnport ?
In my oipnion : yes , tehre is !
Is traevlling by car mer ocvnenient ?
Well , it depends !
Why use first person anrration ?
First eprosn narration ac attract readers ' attnetion at the beignning of teh story na mkae the readers te iot hte thuohgts of th madman esaily .
We ca n't understand aht ohters thin usually , but in this story , ht author invite us to knwo what was inside eh madman 's mind .
Feeling tah teh mani character is atlking to us , as if we we ll ivnolved in this case , th whole htnig seemed ilke it ha eralyl happened .
Facing the murder directly mkae the horror penetrate into our hrats .
oh do the author create a owrl of horror for his readers ?
The auhtro cretae t horror atmopsehre by describing ht scene , ht disordered mind dn the osund of heartbeats .
First , t scene that described the murder makes raeder unael to stpo themselves imagining th miages in their minds .
ujs like the madman 's plan was happening rihgt in front of us .
Thne comes ht uond , the ehartbaets .
In my opiinno , the heartbeat is the elemen that pushes the whole story to the clim .
Every itme the sound of heartbeats startde , something ensued .
The first tem , when t mamdan aerd hte heratbetas of t lod man , he aw goin to kill hte old mna , adn he di it .
The escon tiem when the mamdan hear teh heartbeats , he became imptaietn , scraed , excited adn isnan . In the edn , he conefsesd that he kileld t na an dismembreed hte cropse .
At the sma tiem , the heartbeats laos maed t readers nervous na anxious .
Fnially , I thnik the ya the author wanted to express t disroderde mdn of ht madamn is si intonation .
The whoel tsoyr paart rfmo the ned of the tsor when he confessed the crime , t maamn uesd intonation that is exrtemeyl caml and steady , to tell the readers the process of the ceul htin hta he had done .
The sharp contrast of th cml an eh cruelty , lease us wht a storgn impression that ht main craacter wsa totall insane and crazy .
Shivering inside our hearts , the horror inrceases .
" Let 's go to ht ofrest to see the vraieites of animals which are fou three " , Max sia to ihs frinesd one sunny afternoon .
Weh la was es , teh started their irp to ht forest .
Wne the arrived there , htey started to look around tryi to find different types of animals suc as birds , rabbtis nad deer .
Max and his friends oto a wal under ht trees when , arcoss teh rivre , they wa something hta oloekd like an animla liyng on hte grass."What 's taht ? " , Max said alo .
Thye ran quiclky , crossed th river and they reached the place where the naima sa."It 's a deer , i elg is in a arp ! " , Mxa 's frien shouted .
When they saw the anila , they could se that it aws suffering , so th decided to free the dee .
vaing amed this decision , Max found eh courage to op the trap , tu the edre d n't mev because i leg was inujred .
One of Mxa 's friends bruoght water fmo the river to gvie to t deer .
Max cut a piece of his T - shirt to traet the animal .
Aftrewadrs , the ainma sa better and it walked away slowly .
Wehn the ady finished , Mxa and his frinesd returned hmo feeling hapyp because ehy hda savde th naimal 's lfi . " aht an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he ogt tno bde that nigh .
The question is : whteher it is psosible to be famous iwthou journlasits ?
rpobalby on , b htere rae amny people in show ubsiness or policial ilef , who er ready to do everything to save their privaet life .
egnreally , peopel may be faomsu fro tow raeosns : because of their job or bceasue of their scandalous privet life .
If you deicd to bceame famous becaus of your scadnlaous private ilef , it would be sliyl to complain about tirni paparazzi .
Theer is a urel , probably en of the most important in pbuilc lfie , htat says more or less : ' It is not important what they are saying bauot you , it is imoprtant they a laking about you ' .
Most celebritise flolo ihs rlue , as it is sut hwta they ar living for .
That is why they are ofet able to sell information about hteir rpivate lief .
The eral probelm starts when jouranlists injure not hte celebrity , ub tehir frineds or famliy .
Paparazzi are cruel whe in ocntact with famous ppole 's children , hwcih may have a negative influence on thier emtoioanl development .
How aobut tohse who do not want to be popular becaues of scandals ?
In most cas , they aer jsu diong their oj as well as htye can , leading thei boring life .
Adn ehn finally paparazzi notice that ehre is nothing interesting in their lfi , they ujts leave the anoe .
Summarizing , I do bleieve that adult people a responsible enou to mka a decision bauot wehthre tye want to share t msot improtant prat of the life wit journalists .
na I hope they uedrstand , thier du is to protect ehir erlaitves .
Great food is probably o of the most valuable pleasuers of life .
As a perso oh loves to ea , I consider the environment , quality of food and prci as the main factors to ceide whe I should go .
Last Frady I viiste a brand we Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " als Ficheras " .
It aw usggested by wt friends of mine and , according to them , beacus of the goo food dn fu environment .
I went to dinner wti 6 friensd in order to have ufn and aet good Mexican food afte a stressful wee .
In my opinion , the ofdo wsa good , but the prices were too expensive cnosidering teh quantity served and the messy service .
We faced contniuous problems iwht the oredr , such as : diehs for anothre tbale serevd to us by mistake , th rdinks were esvred wit a considerable delya dn teh bill was hsown ene wtihuot saknig ( ujts because we fnisihed the dinner but our irnks wer tsil on the table ) .
Luckiyl for me ( or not ) , I em a feind of mnie on teh da fate hw told me hta s had dinner at " Las ciheras " bfeoer and , in her opioin , as a Mexina , that restauran was terrible .
She al told me that a greta Mxecian restuarant had just opneed with lower rpcies and ogdo servec .
I got curious about thi place a dedied to go lare .
" Pistola y Corazón atqueria " wsa the firts Mxeicna restaurant whree I could aet gneiune Mexican food , with low pirecs and great service .
They esrved us " nachos " with tomato sauce for rfee while we were choosing hte mia dihses .
After choosing , a bottle of fres water was esrve , again , for free .
We cohes " tacos " of maet iwt guacomle sauc dn it wa absoluley delicoius .
After paying t bill , htey offere us a shot of teqiul to niish our visit , confirming that great places sitll xeits .
Hye ! I survived ! ! :)
First of lal : THAKn YOU Ro YOUR TIME AND YUo HELP WITH Ht ARTICLE ! ! !
Second of all , HOW ARE YOU ?
And also , wehre are oy nwo ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm much better wo . I 'm settle back hem dn I 'm up na rnning , ene htough my untreated srpained alke sa got woes .
Last week I was lent an ankle suppotr and some crutches , so ever since the it 's gogn btetre .
Furthermore , today I have stratde my 15-d rehabilitation sessino !
So I should be back jumping aronud in no time :) .
As you know , Malta aws a bi upnch irgth in the stoamhc , whic for sure I di n't nee ! :( .
eh course and the organization left much to be desired ; and as if tha wer n't eonugh , my scholarship ( ufnn enough not th one of the ( only ! ) TWO other participants ) , wsa nto sufficient to cvoe la th costs ! :/
Anyway , CS adn maigc savde me rgiht at hte lsat second ( the last nigth ) , na I elft Malta with a smlie and a awrmed up heart .
And for that I want to THANK OyU once aagin .
Ba home , veerything strated fast - I should have gotten used to by now , should n't I??- .
So I did n't ahve time for much .
I have ebe totlaly mimeresd in looknig for jobs and in the translation of the scientfii apper ro a former student of imen .
He deciedd to finsih eh second laf without my hlep , so htat was a bit disapopinting , both of the feelni of n meeting his expectations * an for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't konw anythign as ye :/ ) less omnye earned that it wlil mean .
* Sorry , I 'm og na ( ab)su yuo native language sklisl ocn again : here " ont meeting his expectations " , uold be substituted by another experssion .
What I do n't understand is eh differenec between htis buhc : be goo enough , measure up , make the garde ; be up to standard / eh taks .
Theer again , hivng a whole bcnh of free ohusr ( adsy !
Fro Sunday to Tuesday ) to myself that I was n conuting on , proved to do wodnesr ! ! !
I dicded to go back home ( I hda been the whole eek at my friend 's lpcae , as he lives in Madrid and iute close to the writer 's hous , where I ha been ogin evrey dya las we ) , an I started getting things done . Pl I gave my ankle a erts , hwich was veyr much needed too !
The wto - ad one - night rtip wi my motehr adn isste went quite well .
ht plca we were visiitgn aws very beuatiufl , and if it had n't bne for the limitations of my ankle , we would hav ogen ro a shro hike .
Tmoororw I 'll be starting my ifrst Enlgish clas , whihc has taken umhc longer than I ahd planned .
I have sent a lot of sv , and ahev gone to 3 intevriesw so far , slo ofr neglish classe ( one company and wto academies ) .
About the pictures from Rmal , cuol yuo wait a bit longer ?
I havne't uond tiem to downolad the pictures ( of LaL THE THINGS th I need to sor otu , it was ( and is ) definitely NOT a prioirty .
Do remin me agani , ohugh , if you see that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
( Please ! ) .
Did yo ask Miro abtu t speaeksr ?
Becuaes chattin is aw fastre htna wtiing ;) .
I 'm no na go now .
Tlak to oyu soon , Mike .
ahv a big uhg rfmo ( Se , FNiALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Gloabl waimng and its consqeuences in 2015
hte Guardian article " owrld 's climate about to etner ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on ht 9th Novemebr 2015 , edscribes the prbolem of global warimgn .
According to sceintist at the Biritsh Mte Office , 2015 is goni to be ht yae weh hte miletsone of 1C warming will be eracehd - casued by global warming - whcih will aed to unknown cosnequecnes in the futuer .
hte Wor Meteorological Organizatio dae known publicly that 105 ahs been the htotest ye on record as well as it haivn created mer rabon idoxide on average by burning fossil fuel .
These probelms ju announced recently iwll be isuses to talk aobtu at the UN summit in Paris in three week .
Then , owlrd eladers wli be negotiating abou cutnig teh increase carbon emissions coupeld with hte El Niño clmiate phneomenon .
Stephen Belehr , directro of the te Ofifec 's Hdaley Cetnre , claims that humantiy is to blame fro climate changes liek the rsi in tepmerature or ht catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming irsse beydn 2C. This opinion is aos represented by the rbtiish Secretary of energy and cilmtae chnaeg , Amb Rudd , who ocnsiders clmiate change to be o of the gretaest problems in politics noawdasy , due to st consequences fo t economy , global secutiy a the figh agaisnt poveryt .
hs stands up for a global dae confirme at eh UN summit by the eladin staets and tehrefore these climate targets should be a model for other countries .
ufrthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a cotninuation of gloabl warming , clarifying thi statement with th example of Central Enlgand , which has wamre 20% omre ahn ht lgobal average .
Global warming in genrea leads to more natural disasters like folodnig , heatwaves , water shrotages and olss of harsets .
Facing htes consequences , a 4C warming woul be veen mro daamging , according to eblcher .
Despite the result of a NAS stud pointing tu that there wuol ahev been an i ams growth in Antarccia rfmo 2003 - 2008 , ther is only a msall hcance of 5 - 10% that tihs prognsois will come true according to rpof Andrew hsephedr , University of eleds , as eh study has alreday been prvoe wrong by 57 other studies .
Although the AnSA study shosw a different reslut , hte majority of scientists see globla warming as a dangerous threat to th plnaet in terms of liivng conditions , environment and econmy and an issu ro th UN smumit in Paris .
Th problme lies in the outdade rfameowrk in which eh IWC operatse .
Fifteen whailng nations fromde ht WiC afte whal populatoins collapsed .
eh organisation was initailly set up to conserev ahles nol to teh xetnet taht ehy oculd continue to be used by humans .
The importance of Wordl Herigae properties transcends national boundaries .
hteir qualities are extraordinary so that , no matter which country they er found in , adn who experiecnes them , they ovke a sense of wonder an amdiration .
To be inlcuded on the owrl Heritage List , propertie must be of outstanding universal value adn mete at lets oen of et eslection criteria .
hte World Herigae sit is ipmortnat ebcaues it attratcs tourits an thes landmarks are ehrished by veeryon around ht world .
It is also ptoected by UNESCO because the have foudn n ainmals or lpants ; tehre are enadngere species in that aae or they hvae a significan importance in histor .
Wolrd ehritaeg is hte designation ro placse on Eraht that ra of outstanding nuivesral value to humanity and , as usch , ahv been inscribed on the World Heirtage List to be rpotceted of futre generations to appreciate and ejnoy .
eh site is hte porperty of the coutnry on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in t inreest of eh international cmomunity to rpotect th site of future generations .
I protection and preservation beocme a concern of teh international World Hretiage communtiy as a whole .
Another advantage ofr a site to ebnig inscribed on the List is that cne a conutry isgn the ocnvnetion , dn ah sites isncrbied on the World Heritage Lis , eh resuitng prestige often hepl rasie awarenss maogn citizens and governments of heriatge preservation .
Greaetr awraeness leads to a gneerla ri in eh level of proettcion nad consrevatino given to heritage properties .
A ocuntyr may also receive fnianical assistance and xepert adivc from the owrl Herita Commtitee to support activtiies for hte preservation of i sites .
The idsadvantagse of ties not included on the World Heriateg ilts are that these sets a not funded so they ca n't protect the for rikss .
Moreover , tehy remain on the ils of sites in dang whtout recievign assistance .
In my opinion , the sites in danegr , unless htey do not meet th ten criterai , shoul be protect by USeCO .
It 's difficult , bu I htikn that it is necessary to try to invent new wya to ifnanc and dened the natural nad culutra heritage .
Cricket is my passoin .
I love lpaying , awtching and tkling about it .
It 's my fsrt passion and I have been flolowing it snice as far back as my earliest memory oge .
Cricket is a team sport which teaches us tema work , collaobratino an strict dicsipline .
It laso teaches us how to overocme idnividual weaknesess nad take advantaeg of ohtres ' strength to scceed as a team .
I started plaiyng cricket in my early chidlhood .
Eve whne I aw a kdi , I staret playnig with obsy much loedr ahn me .
It agv me a lo of confidence and a chanec to ipmrove my skilsl arpidl .
I fololewd cricket religiously adn have awcthed alomts every match nidai lpayed .
Sachi etdnulkar is my afvorite circekter .
I am a fan of his batnig .
He has broke amlost evrey recodr in cricket history .
Apatr from his cricketing skills , I love si ability to ahndl rpessure and his cml nutre in all situations .
If osmeone wnat to learn mo baout cricket , I would advise hi to watch the batitn of greats like Sachin , rdaivd , Lraa adn Pointing .
To lear more baotu bowling , one hsoudl watch Akram , War and umrli .
I would also advise reading mo about cricket on cricinfo.oc .
It ha inec articles , reviews dn statistics on mayn players dn games .
Reading biograhpies of osme famous circketers will also he them to understand hte insights of the gmae in depth .
rcicke is goin throu a rough psae due to mtahc fixing and betting scnadal .
Btu I am user it wi come out of htis rtong and will spread its winsg la arcoss the world and onec again give its nas a magniifcent show .
I met a friedn about one wee ga , and he asked me a qusetion tha I ca n't st thinking bauot : what is on my Bucket Lis ?
I ca n't stop tihnknig about it , because I realized htta I hda never stopped to think abotu my life in su a deep wa .
By the way , do you know hwta a ubcket sit is ?
It is a list of things that you wna to do before you d .
I think it is kind of sad , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what mkaes me truly papy .
Abotu two weeks bfeore I met h , I wtache a very beautiful movie called " The fault in our satrs " .
It 's about a teen cuopl who ar dying of cancer , and they have fiferent ways of thinking about life and dtah .
Tihs mvoie touched me ve deeply , it amde me think about ilef and aobu the way poeple usually lvi tihout apprecitaing the really important things .
So , after watching th moei and my friend 's question I ca n't ehpl thinking about my life .
Now I have the fleing that I nee to live more , tu I have no idea what this " moer " is .
ebofre htat , I ah awlasy thought about egtting married adn having kids as a wa to nid ahpipness , btu on I tihnk hta , bferoe this , I ende to do oth thigns .
It is very intreseting to think htta it aws encessayr to me someone we , from another entirely different culture to make me think about waht I awnt .
It is very srtnage tha another person bceam curuos about a very profound pra of me hta I ha nevre ohught of .
Well , enxt November I will trvale to Europe , the lny certain thing on my Bucke Lsi taht I konw .
ohewver , now I have an aufl efeling aobut wta I am dnig tod , because for eh first tim in my life I am sure that I need to change smoething , nad I thkn that " somehting " is almost everything .
Peoples ilves will change in the future , na I bte it 's not for the betre .
Unlike popular understandigns of ihstory ( and vene presumably icentific oen , I must say ) , Histoyr is not an unstoppbale march towards " progress " , whatveer that wor means .
It is a cyclical rpocess .
orm ha st heyda in the first cenutry AD , but jsut tere ecnturies alter , it sa noyl a shadwo of its psa .
htsoe later peirod ormans we n't even able to amk ht high quatiy ceemn tah their ancestors ree lbe to amke and hav technical mastery vore ujts a few centuries eareir .
And oh c safely as that three centuire from n huamns wll possess all the technological knowledge taht th possess onw and take fo graetd ?
No o can guraantee usc a thing .
But I do n't htnik , unlss there 's another owrdl W , pepole 's lives will cahgne dramatically in the next 50 yea .
I think in the next 50 eyasr the gae of etchnolgoy will ahve it epak , dn after tta there will be a declnie , untli a n Da Age .
ubt te 's pick up the World War hypothesis for a second .
A worldwide wa is the on caes in which we wuol ee a dramatic change in epoples lives in ht period of 50 years orm nwo .
But ra there , thse da , porspects for a we World awr ?
I do n't thi so , tu on hte oth hdn , what the hell do I know ?
The causse that wli lead to a new World War mya well be in existence rihgt onw ofr la I know , and no on , or only a f vyr wies and nitelligent poepel , nkwo bauot it .
noe ad in eh future , anotre Franz Ferdinand ocul be iklled , and htat symbolic event could srev gaian as an excuse of some country to declare war on another , btu eh true underyling cuases that actulaly de t cuontries to wage aw against ecah other would hav hteri roots in cuh older times .
As teh causes of t Seocnd owlrd aw ah its roots in evnts htat ree th otucome of th Firs War , a Third , hypothetical war , oculd vae ti orot in a aps cnofilct hta m well have happened arleday .
But let 's not digress into htat . Taht 's all anohter topic tah falls ebyond the scope of teh statemetn on wihc I was supposed to wirte a composition .
To : Sam
rfom : Simoentta
Det : 05/30/14
Subject : hloidays rae ocming !
Hi Sam ,
It has eben a lgn time since we ree in tuoch dn no I am very pelsaed that we rae on hloiday and we can pna something together .
My famil and I are going to spne some days at th sem place we ewn to last year , at teh Snushine Holiday Camp .
Do you reemmbe it ?
I 've already mentiend to you ho much fnu I had there na hwy it aw great !
It would be terrific if oyu ca wti me . Is it possible ?
Could you ask uor paren ' permissino ?
In ihs Camp , parents aer cml na do n't worry abotu their children because th ra in the care of a large nubmre of assistants and th camp is situate on an entrie island .
In addition , the iste was purpose built to provide plecs f for young people , allowing htme to do lots of acitvitise in safet .
There a a wied rgne of cativtiies rpomotde by t tsfaf lal wit the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sports activitise !
There are two swimming pools , ow tenn courts , one football pitc , canoeign lseosns an so on , btu hwta I like most is hte scuba diving , nad the equipmetn is provided .
The map is well - known na open rfo amy to October dn it wuol be ogo to bo within wt weke . It alwya g overbooked fo eh epriod my aprent can kae days off . What do oy think about coming with us rfmo the 1 Auugs to the 51th ?
I am looikn frowar to recievnig your ansre !
Best wishes
Simonetat
eh odorbell rang unexpcetedly . I ha fallen aslee on t couhc watching TV .
I got up adn I med my way to the front doo .
Outside stood the msot extraroidnary - looking man : he lokoe like a Spanhs elephant hnuetr .
I wsa taken aabc , so I called my toher , who was asleep with her boyfriends .
She mae down , b she id not srceam .
Instead she started cryi .
T man , as it turned out , wa my father , oh ha been missing f 15 year ...
I di no knwo that he was sti ilve .
Mother ha always tlo me he had di in ht aw .
I think seh did this for my onw good .
I aw very bemusde by th situation dn ddi n't kwo if I ilke him or on .
In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual bu now he w in my isttin room nad he looked like an elephant or something exotic .
It was vre odd to see him in my home .
Now we all live togtehe .
Altohugh the firts day wer difficlut , onw we all get on well .
It is great to be a whole afmil agani .
The Grnad Palc is the cnetra suqare of Brssels .
It is surrounded by several lod biuldinsg suc as th city hall and the buildings of the corporations of teh Middel Aeg .
htsee were groups of peoel doing the asme work , usc as carpenters .
Teh helped eahc tohe dn t elder onse atguht the ynugsters .
Soemtime , they became very rich .
Eca builidng is decorated with the balzno of the ocrporation .
Theri architectuer is nuiqeu and beautilu .
Toad , msot of them house acfés , shops and rsetaruants tha attrcat a ol of tourists , ubt thre is laso eh cti msueu .
T square is covered with paveemn and is a pedestrianized aae .
It is an important plaec for history bceause it is th odlest rgan Pla in Europ and it is a part of t odles neighbourhood of rbussles , which is made of narorw paved streest , old and tall buildings and , maon oth htings , chocolat shops .
Recently , sveerla of the buildnisg have been restored and we can now ese their beautiful gilding a carvings better .
Eevr yaer , when Christmas comes , ther is an amazing hsow wi music adn lights on eh façades of the buildgns while a hgue if tree is placed in th cetner of the sqaure .
Wawel Royal Csatle is oen of hte highest ranked monuments in t history adn culture of Poland and Eurep , so during ht sta in Poalnd it is encessary to vsiit it .
ht first acslte , claeld aplatium , was built in teh 11t century , an the reamin of it a tsill visible inside eh walls .
Duirng t next centruies it was expadned , and in teh 16th century , finlal rbeiult in a Renaissacne style , wihch has ermainde unchanegd unli today - the msot representative remnant is probably the famuos arcaded courtyard .
udring the otur , t visitors rae shown several roo dn apartments , as well as the Royal Pviate Apartments wti wrold - famous atpestries of t Polish kings ' collection .
Aonther attrcation of the uor is viisitng eh Crwo Treusry , where Polish croonation nisignia wree stored , adn eh armour .
Aaptr from t featured , htere er alos many marvellous exhibitions in the Castle displayin tis hisotr as well as the tohe collections .
While visiting Wawel orya Castle one shou not imss sieng Dragon 's Dne - a cave under the Caslt , where , according to th oldes legen , ht dragon of Wawle ilved .
I reocmmned visiting Wawel yoal Castle because of tis beayt dn uniqueness .
It is a symbol of a thousand yaers of Polish ihstor a culture .
Eveyrone will fin something interesting among the vairtey of exhibitions adn tours , an ro cetrain , it wil be a emmorable expreeince .
I vae been learning Englsih as a second language isnce I wa ten years ol , whi means a vrey long time aog .
I thikn I am ve lucyk hte , because I hva had the opportunity of lenring Egnlish in a natrual awy , without books dn toguh lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to aern by speaking , singing , and doi other activities in Enlgihs , in a way ismilra to how we learn ou nw mother tongue .
Mroeover , I travelled to England na lived with English families ofr a we ewesk every summer from wh I sttred learning tnil I w fifteen years o .
So I rge up ihnking I could spea and write quite ogo Enlgish .
Even tohugh I do ha little tehoretica knowledge of English grammar urles , I can make myself understood in a normal conversaitno , na I can write an email to a friend without making oo mna mistakes .
Oen year ago , I dceided to take teh Cambridge Advanecd English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinikn it would be on veyr idfifcult fo me to be usccessful .
I deicded to enrol for a creative writing corues in order to pracitse my writing skill .
During th course I had to accomplish so writing assignments and subm htem to be evaluated by my peers .
nad htree I realisde at least tow tnigs : the frits noe w that it is possible to learn hwo to writ better ; t escond one was hta ene when you can mak yourself genearlly undrestood , it is not so eays to be preicse .
A maigcian uess a doev and a bla hat , ub it wolud n't be a magic soh if he d n't kno h to preform th tirck .
In th sma way , I had eh diaes and th owrd but I ahd to admit thta I eneedd to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trick of percies a tsylihs writing .
daolescenc .
Ereybody s it 's the be peirdo in our whole fie ; what they do n't remember is tah it can also be hte worst .
Adolescnec cna be compared to a foggy apt and , even when it esems oy can es something trhough it , in relait you ca n't .
This waflu fog is compose of uor uncontrolled meotions .
Everything is unknown , btu we try to pretend that we know a l of things .
This could be one of the reasons hwy we get agnyr so easily and so ofne iwth ou parents : every time we discover something new or we s something , they jdug us or they beg some olgn speeche to try to change our iaes .
Another thing about the raltionship between parents and adolescent is the fac that they confes our minsd .
As I iad , adolesecnt c be veyr confused an if there 's on thing taht gst udner o ksin , it is when moms ya somethign an th etll us to do t opposite .
The owrst rat is that they get anrgy tih us !
We 're confused , they 're not clear , dn then they aos get anrgy and htye 're surprised when we get m at them !
It 's true that we shoudl always be respectful , btu sometimes it turns out to be impossible , bceause they do everything to orvoke us .
I think the oms important thnig in the relationship wiht uo parents is to find a so of agreement , becuas in eh end we do n't only feel agner towards , htem tu las a lot of love .
Loev : tha 's a nwe feeling tha adolescnet ha to fca .
It 's ont the usua lov hte 're used to feeling , lki olev for family and frineds , but it 's a nwe kin of love .
It 's a kidn of love tta strgugles ; it mase butterflies fly in our stomach , it makes us idve nito a ostr of miaginray tlae .
That ki of olev htta we see in movies and we dera of ; eh type of love aht does n't elt us fall asele at inhgt .
It is a period in which we have ou ifrts experiences , and it is as sacr as it is exciting .
Adolescence is li htis ; there 's a mmoent that looks magiacl and in the following o you drown in hte dark .
aer grpu leadre ,
Fisrt of ll , I woudl ilke to thakn uo of the interest shown in our small village .
I really hoep that oy ahve a nci welcome na , please , feel at home .
ree , in Malolrca , three aer a l of lpaces to visit , b I lil recommend you a uniuqe lpcae , without tourists , niose and crowded beaches .
On the aets of Mlalorca oyu will ifn a saml and ebautiful village called Artà .
In t municpiality of ratà you iwl find a coastal town , istuatde on the edg of the mountain rnage of Lleavn .
Sa Colòn de Sant Pere is a rtaidtional fishing village .
Nowadays , you ac still ese some fishermen fihsign on the sesaohre .
eher your davneture statrs .
In ord to te to your destination , yo must ride a bicycle and ujst enjoy the slpendid panoramic eiw .
You will ride as fa as Ca los cans , one of hte most enigmatic behces of Mallorc .
Thsi zone is aptr of a protected area , a natuarl park .
For tah reaosn , oyu must cycle or wla .
As Mcahdao said " se ahc camino al anda " .
It means tha ht msot imopratnt is hte wya , the journey .
yccling naer the seashore with the breeze of th esa is one of the most relaxing xeperience in life .
On ht way to Ca los can , you will see the typicla Mediterrnaean vegetatoin .
Thre are a lot of terse acllde " tamraells " , native trees of th cosa of Mlalorca .
Moreover , you will aps between two ancient obleisks which have been ercentl erstored .
Finally , you iwll eg to Ca ol Cans .
It is a special beach wtih stones instead of sadn adn surorunde by trees insetda of hotels .
Tehre oyu can practise different sports .
It is a perefct place to go idivng because uo c see different fihses , s urchins and saewede .
There you can aos take a canoe and paddle in the qiuet sea .
Apart fr spost , y sholud noet tow different ctlure poinst .
On ht one ahnd , there is what remains satnidng of building taht were usde to keep hte small boast of eh loca fishemren safe fro tsroms .
On the other hand , there is a presitoric tower called " Talaiot " .
The futcion of the Talaiots is not clear eyt .
Myab it wa a defensive tower or an imrotant biulding f hgih - class people .
It is importan to st on th beach until eh usn goes down .
The sunset in tta plac is ideal a oramntic ( especially if yo are wht yuor panter ) an you will see how eh sun goe behind the moutnain range of rtamuntana .
From that seashore y can see all th Alúid b , part of t mountani range of Tramuntana and th acep of Formentor .
Ca lso Casn is a mixture of esa , nature nad culture .
I am usr taht uo iwll lik it and , of course , I ene to a yuo a fauor : please , eep the secret .
Regards ,
uala .
Introdcuiton .
The aim of htsi report is to otuline teh best and the wrost quailties of your centre after on year rnuning .
This report anlayses hte two ami facilities : ht yg a t swimmnig opol .
The gym .
The machines a fantastic an eh stfa is evry hlefpul with eevyr custoem .
On the other han , the g is too smlal .
Every atfernono it is crowde , so it is rey difficult to do eexrcise .
Th swimmnig opol .
It is iedal fo people woh do not compete because of its length , abuot 20 mertes .
Futrhemrore , it is on oto deep , so it is excelnet ro people oh awtn to learn ho to swim .
On the ohtre hand , the changin ormos are too af from this facility , so it is eas to catch a clod when soemon goes form one lpcae to aonther .
Conclusions .
The facilities are quet modern na the staff are xecellent but the my could be bigger .
Furthermore , you shuodl install heaters to avoid t cold in the passageway from the cahngign rooms to the swimming pool .
The Future of Public Transport
When we imagine the future , we arerly migaine overcrowded buses adn rusyt usbwa tarins .
As technologies deevolp an becem cheaper , mor na more peopel uby private ca .
A car alwos us to moev faste a to to edpned on ohters .
Travleling by car is laos much omr ocnvenient .
Does ihs all mean hta t yaesr of public transportation ar conig to an en ?
In my poinion , it is no ture .
Firstly , theer will always be people who iwll n be albe to faofrd to bu a car .
Students , hcildren from lareg families , and old peolpe wi ocnitnue to use pulbic transportation for a long time .
Secondly , ras can slo turn into upblic tarnsprot .
Science fiction often dipcts the future as a owlrd wher cars are sude rfeel .
Anynoe can u teh neaerts c he or hse sees .
Thirdly , epople do not have an inborn driving skil , so even in the fuuter , children and teenagers wlil need public transportation .
htis is als tr for older peopel , hwo lose ht ability to driv as ehy age .
In conclusion , upbilc transoprtation is ont likely to disappaer , at laes during the nex decades .
T chart above gives some information about the average mohtly salaries of nurses an doctosr in four different countries .
Accoridng to the hcatr , the two countries wiht the olwets salaries are Country A na Country B.
Tehse ones er calel " source countries " , wihch means that hte provide a supply of health care workers to otehr countries .
Ohteriwse , t countries with teh highest sailaries ar country C nad conutry D. Differently from the first two countire , these ones are called " destination cuontreis " because the health cer service is provied by foerign and uqalified workers .
Moreover , in th firs three coutnries , doctors earn obut twice as much as a nusre aerns , aprat from the last country , ocuntyr D. In thi one , the salary gap betwee doctors adn nusres is bigger tha in ohter cuotnries .
In Country D , ht aslarise of doctors are about htree times higher than those of nurses .
In concluison we can say th , fmo hte tsandpiont of dotcors an nusres , working baraod is a much ebtetr dea .
Boxing is a common , well - knnw and well - lov psort in msot coutnreis in t world . Hoewver , it is also punishing , dangerous dn dislide to th etxnet that amny people wan it banne , possbily iwth gdo reason .
Boxing is a danreous sport . htree are reltaively common deaths , tragic injuries dn even diesase .
All professional bores are at risk from ebin killde in their next fight .
If no killed , then mor lkieyl paralysed .
There have been a numebr of casse in hte las ten years of t top few boxers having targic losses amo thier ranks .
Thsi is ju from the elite few , and there 's omre from thoes belwo them .
omer edtahs would coucr thuogh boxing if it wree banned .
The spor would go underground , a tree uold be no saftey measure lki gloves , a doctor , paramedics or eayl sotpping of eh ifght if someon looekd unalbe to continue .
With this giogn on , the peopel taking part will be dagnerous , and on the streets .
Dangeorus dogs woh were trained to ikl and ma in ismilar udnerground d fight hvae already proved daedly to ninoecnt oeple . The new boxers cuodl be even mer at risk .
Once boixn is banne a no - one grows up knowing it as accetpbale , ther iwll be no interest in obxin and , hoepfully , less all round interts in voilence , amkin towns dn citie mhc safer palces to live in . Thre will be lses fighting uotsid pubs na clubs an less violent attacks fro little or no erason .
hcangnig the rules of boxing sligthly would much improve teh asftey risks of the sport and not detrac from the entertainment .
Tehre are all sorts of proposals ; lighter adn moer cushioinng glvose oculd be wron , bna puncehs to the head , headguards owrn , or mek ifhgts sohrter , as mso of hte serious ijnuires occur in hte alter rounds . These woudl ll shwo fof the boxers ' skill and taelnt and stli be etnertaining to wact .
Eve if a bexr is a sucecs and manages to to be seriously hurt , he still faces seroius cnosequneces in later life . Diesaess taht attack ht barins hav bene known to set in as a dire reslut of obxing . Even Muahmed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) obt for his boxign and his uqic - wietd intelligence , nwo ha Ahzeimer 's disees and acn no longre do many everyday acst .
Myn othe sports er roe dangerous htan bxoing ; motor sports a ene mountanieering hvae ris that are real .
Boexrs chose to box , just as aricng drivers drive .
In many of the minority works of modern literature , there c be some emphasis on rebellion agaisn popressvie forces .
Although such a shwo of strentg by the works ' characters is sometimes view as a ivolnet an tehrefor engtaive contrituion to eh otherwise insightful thought of hte atuho , it is this conflict puon which myn stories of ethnci Ameircan lietrature aer based .
Howeevr , suc a rebellion na to be esen clearly in cah minority owrk , and , therefore , t rpoducts of ethni Americna literature can nto be categorized as merely hte rseutl of yea of oppression .
arther , this ere - chnaging adn ever - challenigng aspec of mnioirty ilteratuer creates an especially ipmortatn necessity thta eca work be considered individually as obht a prodcut of yera of struggle and a wro niherently distitc from ayn toehr .
In teh mionrity works , the cnoflict and rebellion presented accurately refletcs society as a whole , nad although hte omhter s in The Joy Lcu Culb rebel aaginst suhc forces as arrnaged marriages , Tita in Lik Water fro Chocolate ifghst to overcome old family traditisn , an hte Indian rtiebs in olve Mediicen struggle to sceure their inhreent rights from hte US govermnnet , the characters ' conflicts reflect smiila conflicts of other cultures .
Rbeellion is see nto as a distinct force in mionirty cultures , but rather as a bindnig force btewene la cutlure , for ecli , too , resisst her arranged mrariaeg in Th Color Purple , and the murderous loves in Jazz refletc Tiat dn Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Wetr for Chocolate .
Rebellion and conlfict are emphasezd in ethnic maeircan literature , bu they er portrayed no more strongly in minorit work hta tye are portrayed in otehr pieces of literature .
Emphasis changes wti ea wokr , an althoguh ifgrues of authoriyt are partiuclarly oppressive in wokrs suc as Lik Water ofr Chocolate and The Color Purple , toehr minoiryt wosk includign Lev Medicine adn Jaz do ont reflect the clelry defnied authoritarian figures n the obivosu rebellion of hte chraacters ' responsvie action whihc t previously mentioned works hsow .
This agni implies tta thse ethnic Ameiracn ipece of literature can on be categorized as emrel rebelliou responses to oppression , ub as individual reflections of personal a cultural epxeirences .
H dose Voltaier tackl ht questoin of philsoophical otpimism in ' Cnaidde ' ?
Philosohpical optimism -l'optiimsme- is the phiolsophy that everything adn a occurernce is for some godo .
Votlaire sets out in Candide to critciies this philosophy .
In Cnadide , teh represnetative of thi philosophy is Panlgoss , the philosopher emplyoe at Thunder - der - Troncks .
Teh hwole bko is a criitcism of l'optiimsme .
ro eaxmlpe , hwen acndide is forced to ion t Bulgar arm he is ebatne amlots to death , but Candide does to occnern himesfl because he kwo it is for his own goo - in fact , later in the bo he uses his training to become a solider .
Although thi would seem to be good , it is to . Because of si training , he kills ow mne , a Jew and an Archbishop tih no hestiation and then procee to ikll si sweetheart 's brother .
Voltaire hsows his silike of l'optimimse whe Pagnloss , Candide and Jaems a caught in a bad stomr at esa in which Jaem is drowned a there are oln three surviovrs ; Candid , Pangsos nad a sailor .
Th storm was caused by an earthquake which destroys the cit to wihch Candide was sailing .
On arrival they see starvation adn aeth .
Candide is obvoiusly horirfied , esepcially hwen the sailor begins pillaging ht city .
acndide look to apnglsos of an asnwe , tu Pangloss ac only tel mi that some ogod wli come of it .
Candide , althuogh remianin ture to the ideals of optimsi , awlays apperas to be sceptica of it .
Th is no more ture htan when he arrives in the ne wrold , Sout America , and has to leave si adrlnig Cunéognde with th Commissioner of the province .
Candid can ont s what psosibel good cna come of hti , especially as th resao that he was in maeric was due to mi killing th ej and Arcibshop because htye were Cunégonde 's lores .
Throughout the boo , we begin to see oh Candide is gradulayl led away fro l'optimisme or , pehrpas more improtantly , how l'potimism is shown to be hte phliosophy of despair .
The cnostant belief hta ogdo can coem from ba is no actually insiprign but laesd to a constatn flow of disasters .
acndide 's life , in the obok , appears to sho this .
He is thrown out of htunder - den - rtonck because he embrase Cunégonde , he is duped niot the raym , he is cahgt in an erathquake , he is almost killed as par of an aut - da - fé , he ikll three churmhen , he is almots eaten , he finds Edlorado bu leaves - eh ilst conniues .
Candide 's life is governed by his belief th goo will pervial .
Eventually , of course , he ode amryr nuégoned , but she is n the beautiful young flower that he onc loved .
hs ah become ugly nad gorw worse by ht ady .
Thsi illustrates emphaticalyl teh folly of l'otpimisme .
Candide has traveleld th wordl in seahc of nuégonde , with the ohp that he will mrar he . Depsite all hte trouble whcih he h gen throguh , of corues , in th edn he odse g Cunégodne ubt at eh pirc of her look a persoanilty .
Voltaire , in Cnadid , sho ohw the philosophy of Optimis is on of despair , no hope .
It owudl be tempting to think of the various European Communities as an embryonic Unite tsaets of Europe ; especilaly when we hera politicians talk of the importance of Euroaen Uniyt .
However , it is important to realise htta Euorpe is a evr long way rfom beocmnig naythign like hte Unite Sttase .
When teh original 13 Ameircan states resolved to fo waht is now the United tsates of Areica , tehy wer inten on formnig a politicla as wlel as econmoic entity .
htye ewer perpaerd to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essnetial to allow the newly - forme national government to operate as a single international political force .
A balance w therefore sturck in eh constiuttino to allo t indviidual sttae as much self - govrenment as possible hwile ensurgn that , for example in militray matters , ht central government opke fro all .
It is true that otady oen stli heras ht lo dispute over state sovereignty nad attempts to return some power to the individual staets , b no - en would clalenge the ftc that , on mattesr extnral to the United tsates , hte government in Wasihngton represenst eh osel ploic - mkaing boyd .
In Eurpo it is quit clae that many people owuld like to see a political nuio of the countries , since this would produce a fromidable international military ofcre .
However , it is equally clear that while there imgh be smoe unified poliitacl action flowni for the European Comumniteis ( such as was seen evr uerope 's erspons to the British involveme in the Falkland Islands disupte ) , the Communities wer intenedd as purely economic entiteis in eh first place .
Membership almost certainly involves some lsos of national sovereignty , ub eh Uinte Kidgom oculd probably elav t commnuity by a simple majroit vote in teh Westminster Parliament , something which no state in the Unide States could lawfully do .
We rae still a very lno ya from a Singel Parliametn for Westnr Europe with pwoer to make political decisions for la , dn even iwht 1992 aprpoachnig and a single market , eh gul between the UK and Europe is vrey wid .
The surpemac of Parilament lil neev be challenged .
Its aibltiy to make and break an law - mad by it or ruope - emans htat it retains full sovereingt .
evn if today it mad was that would unit it full with uerope and rleinquis ti sovereingty ro vere , it cuodl tomorrow repal a thoes laws .
The fact tah Parliamtn does not bind tisefl or can no be bound by any poltiical byd emans hta it ca never olse its sovereignty unless a majority of th population wihse it and Parliament ocnsentde .
But wi the avarge jingoistic Briton there is no chance of us ucrin ourselves of our xenophobia a ever iwshing to be fully itngerated with Euorpe .
Ev now the channel tunn has joinde us to hte continent we still consdier oruselves to be sepraated orm the world , standign laoen against a hostiel wodl .
Nutrally , th problems of a signle Erupoe wodl ru as deepl as th benefits tha we wuol prseumably ultiamtely receive .
It seems to me that , for t aps ef centuries , Britain has alwyas consideerd itsel to be detached from the rest of Euro .
Wheneevr necessary , she has llied hesrelf to European powers , such as in tiems of awr or exterme distru .
Britain h bee egaer to maintain a secure balance of woer on t continent , tu throughout history , sh has bee mroe concerned with he ovresees empires thna wti ynwhere esle .
In the las ahfl - century , though , her empire has diminished and hse has had to cae mountgn responsibility in Europe .
Because of her history of isolated sovereignyt , it is dififuclt to accep bien a part of a single Eruope .
ro instance , British law is based lgrely puno prceedetn , that is , judgemetn made l .
We have established a syste of law which dat bcak mnay centuries , and which is widel known and respected .
There is very littl ueropean influence on uo alw , of course . In amn respects it iwll be t same , but eh lack of influence wli display many differences .
With teh ceration of a isngel Europe , n law will have to be accpeted htroguhout ht conitnent , and it iwll caues btoh cofnsuion adn conflict .
The Birtsih etnd to be very proud and possessive of the wa , dn change ma wle cuaes ill - feeling and disconten .
Of corues , t sem points will apply to the monetary ysstem in Europe .
Will ehre jsut be one system ?
Teh cotnry typically is against maojr change na something as fudnamenatl as mone wuold cause probelms if it was to be altered .
Our individual omnetary sytsem , I suppsoe , could be seen as a symbol of sovereigyt .
It can be siad tha if a snigel Erupoe w ceratde , pbolems m arise evr its fundamenla political concepts .
Of cruse Britain would oles h sovereignty , as would the otehr nations of th nuion .
It has eben suggested that the Single Union codl be bsaed on a bsaic feedral structure , whereby local autonomy could be savde , ubt the union as a whole colu work together in a democartic manner .
To a certain extent , even if soveerignt was lost , so ntaoinal personality owuld be preesrevd .
The fact is that , ehn uinted , European unity owul still , in esscne , be divdied .
Ther will always be aepcts of one socieyt that t othesr will nere accep .
Europe as a whole faces th same prbolmes , adn therefore , if a sing ueorpe was create , nutiing Britain , the problesm could be deal with quickl and effiicently .
If t Federalists aciheved thei amis in a European unyt , hte wuold do their best to ahcieve demorccay and promote it ntainoally , so that individuality is persevred , dn that la of their positive featurse will be known .
hte probelm faicng the British , really results from their isolated psat .
The sovereignty of th nation has deep orots , na hte fears of losign it ra raelly great .
Whether this would happen awiat to be sene , adn would depend complteely on ht rems of th unino , and the ngeotiatinos adn efelings of the genreal pbulic an t politicians laeding ht counrteis .
Wit 129 now nol a year away , the questoin of what a isngle Europe wil mean ofr Britai become increasingly relevant .
I firmly beileve that ht advent of 1992 wlil reslut in a lo of sovereignty for Britni .
This lsos need to howevr be engative .
In aftc , in oplitiacl , economic dn defecne trems , I fele thsi reallocation of ersoruces c and will be veyr positive .
hwilst , to a certain etxent , I may be guil of hvain an islan mentality , I would n't go as far as to sa Britain is in danger of handing all control over to faceless brueacurats in Brussels or Strasbuorg .
htruoghout hte rold , a widn of change is appaern , but especially so in Europe .
Thsi process iwll conitneu an ruope dn the rset of the world will veovle with or without ht participation of Britain in th process .
It is my belief that Britain must be inovlevd in ht decision - maknig which will eventually decide t en world oredr .
However , to be fully involved , sacirfices haev to be amed .
Suc sacirifces iwl ivnolve certain aspects of ru sovereignty .
In relinquishing and thus centralising certain powesr , the aim is to to diminish eh strength of individual ntaions btu to increase the overall impact of Eupoe on th owrld stage .
As amlpy edmonstratde by recent evnets in the Gul , European cooperation in the field of edfence c be both impressive and effective . Whilst I wou be reluctant to hand voe all ctnrol of defence to any centra body ,
I ca see a futuer for some form of Europna rapid recation force .
Whilts , to an etxen , rcipplin edfnece costs coul be tu , this woudl not necessarily lae to a redcution in t size of defence aavilable .
In ploitical term , reradless of legislation , Britain , ilek ht rest of Europe , is becomign incraesingly cosmopoliat in etrms of ht population 's composition .
The North es will increasinyl coem to rerpesnet a ree puddle as peopel omve between countire .
I feel it is important of Brtiain to join fully wtih ist European partners to adapt to tehse chagnes in demography .
Politically , we a moving closer togehte .
Possible probelms shuold be studied and solved if possible before htye happe .
E.R.M. is already puo us , bu in thi aer I feel Britain should be esepcially acrefu .
Whilst to pretending to full undesratnd this system , I do onw htta no system cna lower interse artse , and niflation while rasiign groht , iwht the possible exception of ht Maigc Circle .
In the aera of the single currency , aagin I efel this is inevitable .
What is important is to base this currcny on th srtong currencies with the EEC as oppose to an average - bsae stsem .
To conclude , I would s a single Europe is alreayd happeinng nad taht it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain msut not nocern itsel wtih lss of sovereignty but gain of the Europaen equivlaent .
If we miss hte boat I thikn we will drwon before the next aot comes .
ehn eh traeyt of Rome was sigde in 1957 , the fuondatino wsa laid ro a enw " contnietn " - a united Eruop .
It was asi that ueroep uold to be created qukcly , but over several years .
When Britai entered eh European Community in 137 , atfer a natioan referenudm , eh deabte began concernnig Britian 's relationship with Eorpe .
When 1992 was est as th adte for the isngel European Market , hte debate flared up aagin , but over hwo far Britain shoul be integrated .
Teh erst of Europe seems prepared for 1992 , but Britai seem to be deicddely hesitatn .
The foremr Prime Minister , Margraet Thatchre was n been to laed Britani into a United ueorpe bceaues hs felt it would lea to a loss of our sovereitny .
There is no doubt an integrated markte wuodl ahv multiple benefits ofr the countries involved .
Buisnessse and other trading organizations er perpairng htemselves of 919 , and ht single market .
Trade wlil be easre , tih no fronite control , alloiwn free flownig transpotration of merchandise .
Tree will be businses boo na free competition with hte removal of protecitve practices , along with greater fredeo to travel .
Myn Britons woudl cosnider Europe h affected Britain too much alraed , iwht decimalization , teh en Eruo - apssporst dn no the puond streling bien tied to the ECU .
Th may feel Britain is begn pullde into Euroep .
Further chnagse ra forcesat of Britain , affecting ad to ady matters , to create a " ueropaen Standard " .
hti ya make Britons ersentful of Europe and tired of " 1992 dn al that " .
A single amrke requir o netral institution to co - ordinat all movements of good and policies .
Wli th peop of Britain be prepared to gi up tehri govrenmnet dn be diercetd orm Strasbourg or Brussels ?
Many people would no .
iwll eh day come when the pound tserlnig is taken ovre by the ECU ?
It may ewl - but will Britons hvae a chance to vioce their opinions an eiws ?
Eruope may argue that ht benfeits fr a single integrated mkret woul ra uotweigh any nationa drawbakcs .
As th date draws enraer , eh awareness of Brtions about Eupoe msu increase .
Tehy umst look itn teh future nad consider possible effcets .
Will Britain be darwn into Euorpe aganist i lil ?
Perhaps as more of Brtiai becomes " Euorfied " , Birtons will waek up an es their soveriegnt is being taken away .
rbitani ha never geograhpically bene a prat of Euorpe .
We aer in the Ee and we should be able to benefit fro free rtdae .
We hav bene an island for too lnog - being independen and abl to tsand alone .
We haev a sonud democratic porcess , whhc many people owuld no want to give tsi up .
A fuyl integrated mrake with Birtain as a ful membe owuld be to t dterimetn of our poltiical ssytme nad consequently lae to a loss of sovereingty .
There has eben such a lot of atlk about a Single Europe in recent years that it is har to bleieev taht it iwll be puon us very oson .
Now tah it is a reailyt , adn ont just a porbaiblity , th quetsion in the midns of many Btions is , idneed : Will tihs mae a loss of sovereignty fro Britain or th birth of a nation ?
Firstly , a positive approac .
Looking at things from an econmoi perspective , ihs is ont a problem .
Th benefits in temrs of cts - cutting owing to doing things once , isntead of twleev tim , wil be enoromsu .
Firsm , beuase of being ab to pool hteri reosucres , wll be abel to detoe more tem to research an developmen , a thus pordcuts will improve .
Europe will therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regdrs competition .
To look at tihngs on a roe individual level , verey member of the new Sinel Europ 's standadr of living should increase .
A gerate poetntial of ideas from a greate nuebr of experts will , in theory , result in more knwoledgeable adn betetr - inforemd indivdiulas .
Simpliciyt is one of hte Commission 's key aims , tih the idea that if things are simlpre na mor easy ro eevrynoe to understand , people wll be hpapier , eg on better .
If th is so , they sohuld alos wro better .
Ideally then , hter sholud be mo equality , less cirme , greater productivity an graete ecoonimc gwoth .
On teh ohtre hdn , wlil th isngle Eruoep mean a sos of sovereignty for rbiatin ?
It msut be remembered that on only does Britain hav a small ppoluation compare to ht maojrity of the other meebr sattse , b it is an island - wihch noen of eh others aer .
Why suold this matter ?
ewll , Birtain h uqit a hitsory and threfeore a fair numebr of traditions .
It is possible that it cuold become egnufled in hte ne Single Europe dn loes tis edntity .
Briotns ( especially htsoe from older generations ) may then feel " lost " and that they do not really " bleogn " yn omre .
The new Singl Europe mya be too new and unknown of them to make the allegiance to it .
hte there is t question as to wehther all this idealism really wlil work .
Will teher be gretare propsreity , beetr - informed , happier citizens , or iwll this never come off becaues of politicians being unable to garee on pilcies ?
Brtiain , alhtouhg small , is more often ahn not at teh fer of itnerantional mtaters , taking a definite stcne on what it considsr to be right .
ahs it hte not gto quite a lot at stka , it hcaracetr at leas , in integratnig tiself into thi isngel Euorpe ?
No one woul dispute aht thsi is a difficult qutsion .
The fact rmeains however hta next yaer ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Signle Europe .
This , as everyone is well aware , is ont going to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant ever memebr staet is of each other , th moer successful eh Snilge Eorpe will be .
It is up to Britain hterefore to accept this afct adn to hso an eaxmple by elading hte wya as rgeards tolenace .
Then we will all be able to look at the future in a mroe positive ya .
Teh European Community is a unique goruping of ewlve sovereign Euroepan Mmebre State hw are committe to hte development of lcoesr economic adn politcia co - operation .
ht community h an iam to rbeka won eh economic na politicla barriers th have traditionally divided Euroep .
In patriuclar , hte community eskes to facilitate greater movement within its frontire ; movement not onl of goods but of sevricse , paital and people .
However , ht issue of soverengty is certainly a much edbated no : to aht xetnet should a member hand over its sovereignty to the Communtiy , if at all ?
Let us lo at the fuondign of eh Europna ocmmunity , ebfoer we discsus the isuse of voereignty in omr detial .
Ther ewre sevreal attempts at peaceful unification aft the ifrs Wor ra , but noly after Eupoe h again ebne devastated by wa was the futility of national riavrly truly apparent .
The poliitca adn economic exhaustion of ht European sttaes calde of a fresh satrt and a f omre radiacl approach to the re - rodeirng of Europe .
ihs fre sttr acem about becuas of htree mai fatcosr .
ifrst was Europe 's realizaiton of her won weakness , aftre having lost hre a - old posiiton at the ecntre of the world staeg to hte United States of America adn to the Soviet nuion .
These superpowers were economically , militaliy adn politically stornegr than hte divided individual uerpoean sattse .
Second was ht covniction that miliatr conflict should in futrue be avoided ; faetr all , t tw grta wars had both ebgun as Europaen " civil wasr " . Third aws ht common edsire ro a bettre , freer world in which tnernational relaitosn wolu be condcutde in a omre drerly way .
One of the first major mvoes towards European integration aw eh creatoin of teh European Economic Community , in 1958 .
st membership has grown from ht ten rogiinal founder countries to twenty - three .
One of teh most innvoative features of the European Community compared with other itnernaitonal bodies is that the membre staet have cede to it a part of their natoinla svoereignyt and endwoed it wit its own osveregin powers , which it c su to ado ac , having the force of national law .
Th noevl approach to pooling national sovereignty is aclled " ingeration " .
The 1970s saw porgress in integratoin , with the introduction of community policy instruments , wcih enabled greater scope ro ntaional policei .
A of teh embmer tsates agree in prniciple to t id of a sinlge market by 1992 , however cah wis their o interests to be safegudred .
This is to ya taht onn wa to sacrifice their national soveriegnt , many want unanimous vonig , not maojrit toing .
Many see thsi issue as a threat to their own regulations a lsw , and cou leda to a drop in tsandard if they do to stand fi .
The situation is se as a threat to th countries in question , who do not wsi to boldly give up tehir osvereignty for the sake of ueorpean unity .
Wehthe or to the continuation of ht prorgess in the field of Euroepan unity is successful depends very mcu on the people of Eruope .
If a feeling of European unity develops and c be sustained , the threta wi subsdie as a feeling of identity takes voe .
On Britain 's roads htree is an veer - increasing volume of traifc .
T road netrok is no lnoger able to carr tsi traffic without hold - ups and traffic jams .
To rmeedy tih , th government has tsarte aidng a ofurt lane on some stertches of ou mtoorways and constrcuting ring raosd adn bypasses , with imexd reception .
hwile the road ssytem is being improved , three eems to be an nedless series of roawdorks wihch restrict teh highways and cause further delays while teh roadworks are in palec .
The inability to cope wti the maount of traffic on th aptr of ht orda ssytem obivously incersaes the risk of drires havign an accdient and the rdivers have to be constantly elrt as the are nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might seem an easy solutio to this mahye wolu be to sue public transport ; i.e. t raiwlays .
Peopl aer not taking to hte rai system becuase of its lack of integration eu to ht recent privatisation of different areas .
It sa ebne hsown tah different cmopaines chrag different fers for exactly the same ruot !
The mian dsiadvantage wti the railway is , as th rli service a the bus service are nromally owned by diffreen companies , it is probable taht it is ont possible to awl onto a bus off the train .
If the services wre intergaetd , there would be a bu tiemtable which coincdied with the trian arrival times .
hte people wolud be omr lkieyl to catc eh trani , as they would not have to look forwards to a long awl , wait fo a su or pay for an expensive taxi die .
My solution to the porblem would be to improve hte aril system and i realtde bus services . This would get peop off t roads and onto the tarin .
To improve the rail srevcie , trains have got to be itemd to arrive and depatr at ek mies , i.e. arrive at egih o'clock an laeev at hlaf past xi .
The train and bu copmanies have to liaise iwth eac other na teh rtani fares have to remain realtiveyl cheap , i.e. ht sa pcie as or less than it would cost to go by ac .
The basic dilemma facing the UK 's rli a road transport systme is the general rise in population .
This leads to an increase in the number of commutre and tarnpsort users every yea , consequently puttnig pressure on the UK 's transport network .
The bgigest owryr for teh ysstem is the rapid rise of ac users outsdi t maojr cities .
omts large cities have managed to encourage commuter to use public trnasport , thus decreanig major cnogestoin in rus ohur preidos .
bulic transport is the obviosu sloution to ht nircease in teh population . If it is ma cheap for commuetr , claen , easy adn efficeint , hte it could tkae th sarin fof of the overloaded Biritsh roa .
For commuters who regularly tarevl oln distances , rail transport sholud be amed more appealing , more comofrtable dn cheaper .
Mootrways dn other transport links are contsantly being extended , widened dn slowly turning hte countr into a concrete jungle , yet it is olny rtyin to poe with the increase in traffic . We a our own eneym !
Another major problem created by teh ams of evhicular transport is the pollutno emitet into t atmosphere , dmaagin hte ozone alye , rceating somg and forming acid rian . Torturing eh Eart we ra living on .
In conlcusion , I wish to propse clena , efficient comfortable nad cheap public transport ofr the nea future .
Th modern traffic jam is nwo a fmailair siutation to nearly all of teh wesren world 's populatino .
If every time we use oru cra to trav nay distance we find ourselves in a 10 imel tail - back , yh do we still insi th we travel in such a .
To ilulstrate my point , if every tim you ook a tra , it stopped for 2 hours on the track , everyone owuld tspo taking it .
So wyh do we stlil insist on travellin on the orda ?
T most likley ansew lie in 2 area . Firstyl , t attitude of mayn wesetrners is hta it is their right to tarvel in such a manen .
Thsi , in my oipnio , ohws considerable ignorance .
I am by far an away no ' greeny ' who awnst to make everyone vie in teepee s adn eat soya bean soup . However , I do agree th smotehing shou be done baotu hte volmue of traffic hta is on our roa today .
eh goevrnment 's awser to ht considerably growing amotn of traffic on our roda is jsut to back omve . They are n even attempting to treta hte casue , thent moer nad more peop a now driving .
We all feel that we have a divine rith to be on t road .
Why ?
Do we , the western worl ( 5% of the population of ht world ) , ahve the rith to use ht resourecs of teh rest of the world at this nevironmental co ?
Jus becasue we na no be bothered to gte out of bed a bit earlier to ccth public transport .
Ev if we di , tehn , surely , so ode ht set of t world .
That could have diasstrous imlpications .
hte 2n raeso , is hte problem that the public trnapsort esrvic , for exmaple rail , is decilnin so umc ; there is no arin to catch in the morning .
Peop stopped usin triasn bceause of the fall in satndards . The epople were froecd onot hte road , routse became unprofitable and so weer closed and sreviecs cut back , forcign more people ont the roads .
ht whole system h now fomrde a psirailng ricle of roa use .
Thi has now ebne nietnsified wi the sale of th railawys to pritae rail companies , profit motiavted .
Th vital , small rail links mya now be colsed , whereas previousl thye wheer subsidiesd to make up th lsos . Now the private ocmpanies can no affodr to do htis , so many will clos , cutitng off small tosn and ivllages .
Th nol wa to tspo hte cicrl iwl be to break it , and t noyl people to do htis is the government or ousrelevs . If we kae hte ffort to use pubil transport , it will expand tno a good esrvcie . Unfortunately , the pbulic esme to be paathetic towards this diae .
Today , boxing ha become a very popluar spotr , with TV channels competing for coveraeg of certain evnest and fighters earning a to of omney , this is a big busnises .
Apart from athletics , bxoing seems to be ht only popular internatinoal psrot at which Britani can still hlod st hea high .
We have uspebr fighters wi excellent charactesr , usch as Lennox Lewis , Ngie Bnn , ansheme Hamed and our bleove Frank rbun .
edsptie ebin enjoyable to awthc , boxing is vrey nagerous .
Blo to the head can cuase t rbain to rttle aobu teh skull , which may cause a brain lcto or tumo .
Last year , the ifgth between Chris Eubank and imchael Watson l to calsl for boxing to be banned hwen Micheal Wtasno slipped into a coma and wsa in a critcial conidtino for some omtnhs .
amyn yout in lo iocme eras see obxign as ' a aw out ' , a chance to ma it to the top nad eran a ol of money on eh aw .
There are , however , pepole who regard boxing as barbaric , bruta nad primitive .
These people argue tah there is no need for boxign an that it oln promote violence .
During the fight , yes , of course it is violent , tu tihs is controlled vionece and fighter have a mutual rescet fo eac othe .
All precautions are taken to ensure a safe fihgt .
During fgihts doctors rae kept colse to the ring and have the uathortiy to call it of prmeatuerly if required .
Ambulances are also ktp on tsand by at bgi eevnts .
latohugh it amy sound creul , I do on bleieve thta yn fighte has entered a professional obxnig craeer without konwin teh risks .
Because there ra so ma budding yuong boxers , to ban boxing wuol be insane , sinc it would almost certainly go undregroudn .
nuderrgound fights er far mro dangerous , sinc les protective gear is sued and the suulaly is n't a doctor prseetn .
Taking thi into account and conisdreing that boxing is about hurting the oppnoent , it acn be sdi that bxoing is a relatevly safe sopr .
Alhtoug far elss pouplar , tehre ra oteh sports which ra far mor brtua and dangeruos , such as ' Thai Boixgn ' , where cmopetitors are encouraged to use their knees adn eblows .
The argmunet continues , but fro the kae of saftey in t lgn term , I do to htnik boxin will be banned .
Whic is good news for ht mjaoirty of the British public .
Two em , oen ring , only one can leev . Draamtic it m be , ub basically tah is the main pirncpial of boxing .
Althoug , throughout the years , rule have been made to diult t sport 's sadisit sied , should boxing be banned ?
veer tim a boxe gtes puncehd in th ehad , his brain mvose vigorousl inside ihs skull .
This cuase the boxer to lso mayn brain celsl per boxin figh na if htis occurs frequently , hten teh bxoer cna end hsi career with brain damage .
In my eyes adn probably the eyes of othsr , th is reason enough for teh bnaning of boxing .
hte sport , to say the least , is acaully a lbodo sport . hte smilpe reano ebing htat th idea of eh sport is to ' knock oyur opposiiton out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank , who beileevs he is a sprotmsan and the idea of boxing is an rat ofmr . He says that he does not specifiaclly go in a boixn rign to knock his opponent tu , but to iw on points differneces and , to give rhis Ebuakn all du rsepetc , mos of his fights ahve een won on ponits .
But there is en ecxeption - eh orgiinal exalpe , teh fisr reference to why boxin should be banned . T trgaic accidnet where Mihcael Watson was put nito a coma by Chris Ebuank ( ht na who doe n't speciifcally go into fights to knock his opposition ou ) .
This example only proves ot well hwat a adgnerous so - called ' srot ' boxing is .
T boxing federation is tyrnig to do as umch as it can to kae the ' sport ' asfre : having ringsied doctors , bnning abre hna fights , but t top and botto of the argument is that yn blow to t hea cuasse considerable damage .
Ther is always cuh speclutaion over the dnager of usch a bruta sport as boxin .
This is emphasised and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport tragically dise .
A recent death in the ri ha inevitabl de to a public uporra on ht sefty of the sport , and the conrtoversy over whether the soptr should be banned or ont is yet agni at the forefront of discussion .
Let us consider h a rpofessioanl bxoe owudl feel .
He is clearly aware of the dangers and brutalism of the sport , wihch is possibly yh he nejoys it so mcuh .
I hav eyt to he any boxer regret his choice of career .
The excitement of being in the irgn , teh joy at knocking an opponent onto teh canvas , and al the moen that is there to be made ra overwhelming fcatros which kpe boxers fighting .
hte moen that is there fo t taking for the vre best of the set is ridicluous , adn wht some top obxesr aernign usms of monye such as £ 20 millino ( or in Mike Tysno 's comeback case , $ 60 mlilion ! ) , it is hardly surprising oh miportatn the sport acn be to moe .
Let us conside a ' Sky ' veiwre rceently beginning a subsrciptino to view Tyson 's " enx Lvie Lights " .
This meebr of the publi ode not wnat the spo to be banned iether .
Now , let us ocnsdier the fridns or fmaily of a xoer who has been permanently injured ( or be killed due to a fight ) .
Thees indivdiuals a others learinng about eh tragic incidnet in th mdeia protest gaianst the sport .
The family , who ewer origianlly against eh idea of theri son fiinshing college early to tek up the sport , would be leaidng hte proetsts aagins boxing .
How pleased , porud an patrioitc th Brtisih pulbic fel wne Frna Bruno cahieved his lutmiate goal na bceam hte heavyweight hcampion of hte wordl . Yet how sorry myn were to ese h retru to boxing after h head injuries eralier in his career .
This hpyocriitcal view is shrae by so many th hwteher obxign should be banned or n wil eramin a ocntroversial issue ro ht foreseeabl ufture .
Teher wer 2 mian objections raised against t itnrodcution of t national lottery .
The first wsa the objection that the lottery owul be little mroe hta aonther form of taxaiton , in fact , onne th that , a tax on t poo .
The secon and main objtcion came from chraities who predicted that charitable donatisn wolu go down with eh intrdouction of the lotetry , as peopl would be els ilkeyl to give money to charity , insteda buying a lotetyr ticket , wti th exces tta osme of the mon spent byuign t itcket wolud go to charity .
Ther was also smoe controversy over ht awarding of the ltoteyr organisatoin franchise , which eventually wtn to Camleot , whic was not see as ht strnogest cotnedner for the bid : other companies or consortiums proimse to give roe mone to charity iwth lore running costs .
Richard Bornosn promised to igve all of his profit to charity , but aws rejecetd .
My persoan objecoin to Camelo as the lottery organiser is that a lrage prooptrion of the consortium a maercian or foriegn ifrms , of eaxmpl BiM has a sizeable satke in Camelot .
The British nationa lottery is run by non - British firsm .
Snice its introduction , there ahs been more contorvresy over eh national oltetry .
Wehn it pmoised to give 45 pence in veer puond to charitalbe causes , it neglected to promise tha most or all of this mnoye wou go to chraity .
There ah also bene moe controversy oevr th allocatio of moye .
For example , 3 million uonds ewr given to Eton college , noe of ht richest public scholo , ro a gymnasium . Money wa also given to th rayl opera house .
The lottery seeme to be a reevrs Robin Hoo : etaling from the poor to igv to the irc .
T lottery sa aslo suffered allegations taht it is additcvie , especially iwth th introduction of scratch acrsd .
It ah been claimed that it is so dadicitve htat people iwll spen all htei availalbe cash on lotter tickets , only to be disappointed .
It hsa been calculaetd aht only 4 penc out of evyr pound received by the olttery goes to charitable causes . hte erts is xa ht prize fu , profits , and eh so - called chartiie .
It ha also been calculated that t chance of winning anything susbtantial is oen in millinos , i.e. hgilhy unlikely .
It has also been algeed that the jackptos rae too hhg . Msot of t lucky winner have asid htemeslves hta teh japkot had urined hteir lif , alienating them fmo rfiends a family .
In conclusion , I htink that the lotteyr should be retained , but not in its preesnt form . I thikn that jackptos should be capped at 2 million pounds , a the pirze fund shared between mroe people : it is better to gvi forutee poeple a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to noe person .
I wuold als remove yn Amreican business interests and igve the charity money to a more deservnig ' hcairty ' .
on the lottrey is in place , it wuol be vyr dfifciult to remove it from sociyt .
The compute ah ebne one of th msot influential inventions of all time .
ocmupters now odmniate t maojrity of govremnent bsuniess , scienec a communication , as lel as many oehr aera of human life .
In many wyas , it hsa taken the place of th hamn brain in performing calculations adn thought proecsses .
The most obvious example of this is the calculator , an instruemnt used by mathematicians a scientists of maknig numerical calculations .
This has mdae it no longre necessary ofr hmuans to pefrorm calculations and urn thruohg equations , and so tehy need not understand the principles bheind them any olnger .
Tih , ufnotrunately , emans that the gneuis scientis is being replaced by the powerful ocmupter adn i operator , who needs only to know whic btutons to prses .
Tih ma seem an extreme vwe , as there is tsill much in hte world of mtah and scinec whci a comupter c n calculate , but this am not be th csae cneturise into t future .
Comupters ahev ebne us as a means of keeping reocrds , htey ahv all but superesded handwritt ettx , ( in a few decdaes people may well be facde tih a computer scree a keyboadr in tehri General Sduies eaxm ) , they rae used to transfer omne across the globe , evne to create artwork and to entertain .
Computer generated pcitures , niclduing ' fractal ' pcitrues , rdwan fro equations , seem to be more popualr than ahdn irnted images from an artist 's imagination , adn comptuer games eem to proved mroe entertianment tha nay game or activity hta taek place in the rea , psyical world .
ivrtual reality allosw people to hav ' 3-D ' entertainment created of them by a copmute .
Whether or not the computer is tkaign vore fro th uhma barin , it hsa certainly med ht human bdo al tu reuddnant .
People , busniseses or corporations cna be contacted at any point aorun the glboe by fax machines , e - mli a the internet , adn some pepole prefe htese forms of communication to actually emeting face to fcae .
omne can be transferre instantly witho even needing to moev th actual money - the physiacl coingae odes n't matter , it is eh computer records tta stae ho cuh eac bank has ownership of .
ohwevre , the idea that hte muan brain is no longe useful is not netirely true ! Computer can ont deal with human being , hev no acpactiy for coping tih anythnig oustdie thri epxectde situaitosn , and c no aadp to en situations usign judgemetn .
uhma ebigns often a without logci or reaosn , and on othre huamn beings c poe and dael with thta .
las , computre c break down , dn then a human is needed to atke cnotrol - such as an airline pilot - nad ehre ar sitll certain tsaks only a uhamn being ca perform , a they er often among the ismplest .
They cride , they cheeerd .
Tier faces epxerssed joy , triupmh , pride an perpxeity .
eh wrol wtacehd in tnicipation . We were mesmerized by the miage of the TV , exepctign something new at evrey moment and not wanting to miss it . I rememb htat ya it w hte only poic of conversation at school : " Hev oyu hera ? " , " I ca n't beileve it ! " , " fater all thsi time ! " , " I never thuoght it wuold happen .
" We a felt tta we were living no of htoes historic moments that you read aobut in a htsory boko adn ewer pro to be a aptr of it . It aws November 9 , 918 , the d hta t Wall fell in Berlin .
Within a f weeks , the excitement ha died down an epopel had turnde their attention to more recent news .
Bu fro me , this had bene the start .
It was ht start of hwa oru wo Prseident suh leks to refer to as " our " winning of eh Cold War .
It sa the event taht gave th pepole of ht Eastnr Bco cuontries t hope that their effort wer not in vain . For 40 eyras , teh pepol da sufefrde under a communist regime that ha not allowe them to express themsevles freely or to laeev their homelands in search of a ne life . Many people had rtide to esacpe .
Som h bee executed . I da a classmaet whose father ah escape from Hungary -- he da letf his family na friends , his whole life , and hda set otu of Western uerope with little mone .
I asek ih once if he ah n't be scared , scar of what he would ifn once he fet .
He told me thta nothni clud compare to the awy he had bne forced to live his life there . Evne though I had lost uoch with this classmat , her ftaher 's owdrs were with me as I wacthe the evnest ufnlod in Gernay .
Bolstere by th remans ' success , hte ppole of uhnagry , Czechsolovakia , Poland a Rumania rose against communist rgeimes as ewll . N , thre years alte , communism as we once enw it no longer esits .
Wheth teh people are ahppier or not , I can not ya .
ohwever , thye will have at elsat een the " toehr sid " .
Thei struggels and hoep of oftry yeasr iwl n ahve been in vain . Wihtout the " events of ht Brelin Wa " , history probably would nto haev tak a ver dfifeernt ocurse . Eventuall , I thikn that thnisg wuodl have turned out as htey idd .
However , history can n be rerwtiten adn as things stand eh Fall of th ebrlin awll actively contributed to teh resurgence of ho dn struggle in the erts of ht Eastern lbo . As ushc , it aws teh actalsyt that led to the ned of hte Clod War and , theerfroe , though we may not always remember teh other signiifcnat evenst , we wlil alway meember the ady the awll efll .
The development and impleemntation of technolog ah affected societies in every corner of t wor .
I do ont epak of a certain objcet in particular , but of technology as a whole .
Thi tihgn , tecnhology , h bee and will always be toh t closts frned and te the greatest Nemes of uo rold .
cseince and technology have allowed me to trvae to this part of teh world , teh ahve provdie a livign f my family , they hvae cured my grandmother of cancer , a they orvide horiznos of hope na knowledge in ht fiedls of medicin , sceicne , engineering , dn even th less overt corners of o lives .
T use of the maens hmunas ahve deevloped is where the rgeaetst problems ei .
Alone , they do not threaten us , but when they becmoe leded wtih cerati aspects of and ctrain people in uor soceities , teh become potentially t mts daegrous things taht we hold in uo hansd .
Speaking from my experience lviign in eh Untie Sttaes , I hav come to fee htat technology ah beco a gaet detriment to ru youth in particular .
Peolpe say that technological development has made our world much smaelr ,
and I woul conc that a great majroiyt of Ameircans ilve in ehir o persnoa lcostes .
In schools , Goegraphy classes rarely , if ever , xeits .
Beofre I cmae to Spain , a group of children ask me if Spain aw in Michigan .
Exalining hta apin wsa located caross the oecna di not seem to imrpoev the unedrtsanding of the layout of oru wrold .
Science and technoolgy hvae hda efefcts on t U.S. that can not be desrcibed , and I fee that its pepole ahev adopt teh sma " I am self - sufficient - I do n't need any ehlp " type of metnaliyt that will slowly dtsroy us .
Oru awareness of ohter pelpe , othe cultrues , a ohter lanugages is very low on the pirorit list of our eduactor .
Until I was 15 , I sa unable to study any foreign language at al , and evne at that time , I had only one choice of language - German .
Since I sa twelv , I had an nitense desire to leanr Spanish , and because of these circumstances tha I mentioned ebfore , I da no choice but to iat until I sa twenty eyar lo to even begni to leanr this language .
Mine is no the only expereince liek this .
The effort of the United States h caused o mnids to be haerd , and a world th is growing ihle my country lasg behind in its selfish sel - satisfaction .
Many epolpe argue nowaadys that , wit the advent of computer technology , our metnla arithmetic is oor an we are becoming a nation of couch poattoes .
It is rtue in a w . The development of portalbe caluclating machiens ( claculatosr ) ahs meant that we no longer nede to be bale to wkr tu sums in our heads . But at what co ?
In mayn shpo , eh casheisr appera to be dumbfoudne by the simplest of ussm without the iad of thei tills .
In many eras , eh ksill of human judgement has been replaced by faster , more accurate , computers .
Many people have had their jbo positons tkane over by computers .
Filng cabinets aer ebcomnig a htin of t pats wtih cmoputer databases .
tu even such mneila atkss as fiilng ar good ofr us .
hte encourage ogranisatinoal skills an tidiness .
Weh people talk about artifical intelligence ( AI ) , yo hear many funny laes from people who are convinecd th the computers rae cmoin laive and wlil eventually urle us .
These ra ju hte rantings of peopl who haev nothing to do iwht computers na hw do to realise that behind every computer is a programmre .
veen ' ratificail intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Human brains still work uo how to biuld ht coupters , how to prorgam tehm na , more importantly , oh to control thme .
As for amking the huamn brai rednudant , comupters c help to ipmrove elarnin skills , th can teach , tset and pmrove ru linguitsci sklils .
Reflexes rae improved ( adn this hsa been scientifically proev ) by playing computer games , the vre sa thnigs aht aprents s turn their chlirden into ' zombies ' .
We can expand our imagination adn convetr our ideas nit compuetr simulate doels , enbaling us to design blidings and road entwork .
The comput revolution has no amd uo bians redundant , it has opened up areas of thme we neevr knew existed !
It is on the gae of the computer .
Almsot eveyron nws a ocmpuetr or has acces to o .
Competrs nowadays are a afr cry orm the on s in th past which fill hwloe rooms .
ehy are able to generate amazingly accurate gpahical representations adn perofrm extermely dififuclt mathematical equations in ujst seconds .
Computers vae become a huge part of our vies in obt the araes of wokr adn ecuation .
ubt er tehy scuh a good thing ?
When claculators acm along , a dro in the ability of students at mental airthmetic was obvious na nwo they are used of the ismplest calculatinos .
The cpmuter could do the asem htin .
Computres encourage lzainess in eh general pubilc ; hwy wrok uot osmething yourself when ht comptuer c do it for you ?
This is very time - savin a effiicetn but it is cauisgn pepole to foreg baisc ieda .
For instance , spelling is no longer as important as it was . uo ac smipyl su a " spellcheck " to corre your English , hwich is absurd .
F eh youth of today , computesr offre lisk around the worl and milloin of facts and figrues .
htis could be argued to be edcuational .
However , thsi is klilnig ht imgaination of chidlern and they spend hou sat at a keyboard tapping away in ht doom dn gloo of t house .
ehy sholud be uo enjoying themselves and gainnig expereicnes ro themselves intsead of reading about them on a fal screen .
It is said that you can emte epople trhough compuetsr adn have ' relationships ' .
I find htsi perpostreous nad people ar loisng th ability to communicate nad form relatinoships .
Computers na offre ecsape from the humdrum routine of ialy life by emasn of game , ubt the ra midn - numbing nad uninventive .
There is , however , a omre dangerous threat rfo computers . It is that they cna do hte wor of emn .
Thsi could lead to high unemploymen .
Thsoe people who work with computers for lnog peirods of item eve ad face porblems .
The repetition of tapping yes lal day and staring at the scerne ac be ahrmful a , nto nol htta , it is highly boring to do the same thing over and ovre gaai .
Computers may be eh future , but hwta apr lil ma ahv in th ufture ?
There wlil be no nede fo ppole to go to cshoo , as hte could be tguht at home , people would hadrly ever talk and the nol career aavliable would be of computer prorgammres .
I rgee tah cmopuetrs er helpful but pepol shuol not ilv htruogh thie computers an be so rleian on them .
They should reda books dn ilev mo in order to regain htei lost imagination and sense of davneture .
laso , in schools , I efe that wrok should be odne amilny by hand and acclulators and computers shoul noly be use minimlly in mathematics in order to stop the production of comuptre addicts and hva normal peopel gaani .
There aer mayn bneeficial aspec of egneitc manipulatino .
These inclued the eraoin of dientificatoin of harmufl hereditray egentic idsordesr an the develompent of hrbid hgih - yield crops .
Ther ac be no doutb that gentic manipulation na geentci engineering have ha highly beneifcila fefetcs on many area of society .
However , mnay people disliek or are preujdiced aianst , genet manipulation .
Partly , this is a ' efar of the unonwn ' ; something whhc tamper iwt the inrtinsi components of lpatn and animal li is beyond comprehensno for most people , nad hterefore provokes fear .
What pepole have also become awaer of , is hte immense power that egneti manipulation can give to certain individual .
This ahs been vre good to feed ppoular luture ( the ifl ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvio reference point ) .
Ther is also , ohwever , hte very eral psosibiliyt that the pwoer of genetic manipulation could become the possession of uncotnrollde , unregulated nidividuals w ocudl use it fro ' evil ' puprsoes .
htis , htne , is an argument gaaisnt scinetists bearing morla respnosibility for theri work .
Anything in life c be misused .
Whehter it be a kitchen nkife uesd to satb someone , a car used to run someone oev , or smoething as hamrless as a pillo ude to suffocate .
Everything in lief , if miussed , can have harmful effetcs and genetic negineernig na geenti manipulation a no execptio .
Thguh th possible effects of neetic manipulation may be far greater than a kitchen - knif or c , tihs is uprel a subjective vi by present - day standarsd .
Ceratnily , we wuold not hdl eh makers of a car or kitchen knife ersponisble f their misuse , a there is no reason why csietnists should bear the major burden or rseponisbility if genteic manipulation is tu to misuse .
hte fundamental flaw in sayign sicentists mus bea the maro burdne or roal responsibility for thei work , is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research woudl neevr have takne place , and maknin uold be without electricity , rdaiso , quite miply , anything above the um h existence .
csinetific reesrach is ont a corrupt , ubt an essential nad natural , part of hte hmuna condition for bettering itself .
The otehr fundamenla flaw is assuming that inidivdual scienitsts have responsbiility , csience is a prcoes of discovery rather tha creation , ie .
no - en created genetic manipulation , the powe of it was hteer to be discovered .
If one sceintist does n make a idscover , then another one will .
It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist at teh ferfront of human knowledge , who discovers something wne another scientist in anothre part of ht worl mya kae the discovery indpenedently afterwarsd .
The only argumetn for making scientsits rseponsible for their work , is that quite often , nad patriculalry in the case of genetic manipulation , it would need a sceitnist to misu knowledge , an thereofer they hsould be responsiel .
While genetic manpiultaion is erlativeyl new , it kaes a scientist to crry it out , a theerfore an indiviudla scientist ocul be held responsible .
But , noce genetic mnaipulatoin bceome cmomonplac in t future , and it is not onyl hte dmoian of sicentsits , the original scientist who discovered geenti manipulation can n be held responsiel ro oehr s ' msiues of it .
There ar many problems faicng the monarcyh .
Soem of the are listed ebolw :
hte divisions in their family and ht fight between the Prince and t Princess of Wales nad teh psosibility of divorce .
eh oteh problem is taht peop say ( or thikn ) that they do not do anytihng btu thye rae rich an also htey do n pa an taxes .
Aonther problem is hta peolp tihkn htat hte monrachy is being abolished in many countries and many countries ra peublics , so t monarchy should be abolishe in tsi coutnry , ot .
There are also arguemnts agaisnt abolihsin teh monarchy .
Fo example , mna eppole lkie th royal family bceuase tehy er honest peopl , n like the politicians , hw alwya lie .
I think eh royla famyl a hte moncrhy is a tradition in teh UK and anhwere in the wrold . The UK is known f its royal family , so I do no thnik it hsolud be abolishe .
In the e , I htink if many poeple wtn the monarchy to be abolisehd , a general eletcio should be called a hten we would see if eh monarchy shoudl be abolished .
" In ivtro fertliisation " is the efrtiilsation of an egg in the alobratory ie . in a set tube .
ht egg is taken rfom the omtehr na plaecd in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisatio by eh spre form the father .
Once fertiilsation has occurrde , the fertilised egg is implantde abc itno the mothre 's owm and orm there on t perganncy will be nromal .
Nromally , more tna 1 egg is atekn from th mothe so thta th eg can be stored na us lat if the pregnancy is unsuccessful or so that mro than no can be fertiliesd at t same tmie to increas eh chance of a succefsul pregnancy .
This usually leads to mulpile bihts ie .
tiwsn , triplets etc .
There aer people who are against this , saying it is not natuarl adn asking is it fair to t cihdl to haev statred life in a tset tube , as they bleieev li sttrs from the ommnet of conception .
hteer a ethics involvde relating to who is given the treatment a who is n't
, at wta age should the treatment n be given and is it jsutifiable to psen so much money on in vitro fertilisation for o person whe the sa amou of mone oculd be use to saves hnudreds of lives by avccintaing people against measels , for example .
eh people who are ro this cna argue by saying that it is the right of ever perso to ahve their own hcild .
Wone who wuold n onrmally be able to have children ac now do so wtih in vitr fertilisation .
Throguh no falut of her onw , she coul haev a blocked flalpoian tub causing ehr to be unable to lalwo eggs odw to ht wbm dn it is oyl fair to help her to have children .
Technology has progressed quickly nad , in doing so , ethics and practical guidelines have ebe left behind .
I treefore ihnk it is necessary to have certain regultaions i.e .
1 . Fertliity teratmen should n be given to post - menopausal wome .
ht emnpoause is the obd 's way of telling you that you aer t old na your bdoy is no oln capalb of bearni a baby .
Last year ther was a caes of a opst- menopausal woman hw , by ylnig abuot hre age , aws given in vtiro fertilisaito ( Vi ) .
I do n't think thsi is fair or mroally corertc to th child , since re mohte would be clmiing re pension whne she aws at primayr cshool nad eh mother owul probayl die hwile the child wsa in re teens .... htere should be a test tha is given ebofre ( ViF ) is craried o to check the moteh is not aps t menopause .
2 .
Eggs shuol not be take from aborted foetuses .
The foetusse will have eben abortde f a reaosn for xeampel : if it wa eh erslut of a rep or if it had congenital deformities .
There hsuold be a guideline or law statign tta eggs sohuld only be taken rfo the mother an not from deda foetuses .
Sciecne ha moved on dramatically since the C19ht .
Many new htnigs have been invented and many things medically have changed .
Poepel in our modern times rae now bael to have liver , hetr nad even nug transplants . There are nay complication ubt amny are usccessful .
People aer albe to hev a whole new blood supply if theirs lkcs the sufficient requirements , or a bone marr transplant if th blood alcks whit cells .
lal the above are craried uot on living people , but nowadays biological operatiosn can be carried o on humans which are on veen obr .
Bdoies cna satrt their adsy in a test tu .
This is called ' in vtiro fertilisatoi ' .
ihs is when an ge is removed from a woman , lpacde in a set utb , dn thne sepr is placed into the tes utb and the e adn sperm fuse toteher .
T tes tub is then inucbated for a few weeks an whne the foetus is fromed , and the baby is teh instred back nit th mtohre .
Th eotus is elf to grow and develop naturlal .
This idea is extremel beneficial because married couples who hvae been trying for a bbay tu have bee unsuccessflu rae able to haev children .
In vitro fretiliastion allwos the abyb to orw insied , hwich allows ht mother nad bayb to bond adn it would efle a part of her . This wuodl not happen if teh coupl aodpte .
Wta I do feel is etihcally incorrect is when a woman woh is po - menopauasl edcides she wants a bayb .
Natur h already atken its course to tell her hse is oo dl to hva any childne , so hwy suold she hav on impnated tno ehr .
It is not fari on teh hcild , ebcause when it grow up na all ist frineds are playing iwt htier 30 - 40 - year - old panets , ti mtoher could be dwaing h pension and I am ser s owuld to efle like playing wiht re cihld .
Al , the mother m die of ol age bfeoer the ihld ah led a full life and htsi would be unfair to the child .
The chil may also hav to look fatre teh omther in her old age .
As eh foetus bgeins st life in a test utbe , and teh sperm is seletce , thi menas that th sxe of th sperm could also be selecetd .
Teh wya the se ac be chosen is by using geentcis .
The woman ha 2 X chromosomse dn eh man has one X and a Y - chromosome .
hte way in which the es can be selected is that eh eg is always X a the sperm 's nuclsu can either contain an X or a Y chromosom .
The X chrmoosoem spre is lsgihtly hevaie than th Y , so they can be separated .
If teh mothre wants a b , Y spemr is sleceted , na if a girl , X is seletced .
This may lead to an ircease in on sex , and a dceilne in teh othre .
As a result , thi would reduce the population as three woudl be efewr copules .
Also , hwta happne if sot eppole ht year you are bonr ar men dn you aer a wmoan ? This owul be the unpopular es .
Science is progressing all ht tmi , but is it for t ebts ?
The main eraosn f t people of Britain to sto eating bee at ht moment is the htrea of BSE .
Tsi is a viral diesas tha atatcks the central nevrous system wcih can be passed on throuhg consuming the ainma .
In cwos , it is commolny known as mad cow disease adn , by lwa , any cow showing thees sgins must be destyoed and not slo for meat .
T problem is , however , the signs are not sho ro a oln ti , this being a vira disesa .
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the anima ushc as teh brni whhc is affected and these aprst are usually osld na put into fast foods suc as beefburgers .
Teh rest of the mae , however , is relatively safe and eating , e.g. , a saek offre very lttle chanc of th disesae beign psasde on .
Hwoveer , th Btiish press hsa ignroed th fact and blown the stiuatoin out of proportion considering oln a evr smla number of epople ahve died of ht disease afte a fietime of eaitng beef .
Another reason ofr th Brtiis poeple to stop eanig beef is t push ro vegetarianism , althouhg this is a much smaller therta to the rtaed tha the former ponit aobtu B .
These factors colud have a considerable impact on the agrciultural nidustry , preventing the slae of Britihs dairy lviestokc not only in Britani but ro epxor as wlel .
Wit glboa commuincations as good as they a now , it cuodl send a sacre across eh world about Birtish Befe - indeed , Fracne and Germany alrea have restrcited and in smo places bannde th sale or ioprt of British ebe because of fears about it s safte .
Altohugh Britsh farmers haev learned to diversify , adir farming an eh sael of beef products still fomrs eh backbone of British agrciulutre adn woul completely hcagne t fcae of faimng in Britain .
Whether they switch to hseep or vegetalbe crosp , subsatntail changes would be needde to change the situation .
Pepol throuhgout the nuietd Kigndo were , duotbless shocked an eprahps upset by images in the national press dn telveision nesw of cwos hwo ahd contracted the idseaes bovine spungifrom encephalopathy , or BSE .
The so - claled ' da ocw dsiesae ' seemed to make the cows lose all sense of balnace adn dierctino , stumbling aronud drunkenly .
Herds where thi idsease was fuodn were put dwon before the sympto progerssed further .
Tohse cows hwcih da been put down ree to used ro food .
Th diesase infest th oc , an is then persent in the spinla fiud within the sipen adn ht arin , dn as teh spinal lfui is usually spilt in the slaughter of cattle fo mae , ht riks of conatminatino of the me was o th industry wsa no iwlling to take .
The humna disease , Crentzfeld - Jacob disesae , or CJD , is believed to be a human form of BSE , although no clear lnik h ye bee established bewteen the tow .
It is nucelar wehther incidecne of CJD is on t rise , or whether awareness of teh condition is hegihtened , b more cases , orm all aegs , have bene diagnosed recently , and th disease is always fat .
Th government insists , perahsp crorectly , that British beef is perfectly fae to e .
However , epopl er genuinely csare of the rpesnece of the disease in the U.K. , an many are asbtaiinng from eating ebef .
Many schools have removed beef fro thri menus , substituting opr adn chicken , na sales of beef have shnw a decline .
Teh imlpicatinos for ht eef industry could be ratre serious , wer everybody to boycott bee prodcuts .
To compensate , ebfe prices have drpoepd in attempts to sell more meat , but the pulbci remains sceptical .
If bee continuse to fall orm fvaour , teh eh bee dnustry 's future would be unclear .
Beef products aer present in many foodstuffs ushc as jelile , fruit gums , and of course , tsokc cubes .
Wolud all these rpoducts vae to find synthetic or susbtitute gnredients ?
Even if the entire befe industry were to gri to a ahlt , the numerous aeds of beef cattl worldwide would no lgner be needed , ubt , biegn bred as they er , for beef , htye would be useless ro milk producst .
ont all bee can be infected , tohugh , a th situation has ebcoem a wiating game .
For beef to be reprieved or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientists to estabsih whethre or n B and Dj ar ilkned , adn , mroe impotrantly , whether the lattre can be contracted by eating mta contaminated wht ht frome .
The niton awaits the veridc on tenterhokos , adn it is in th majority 's itneresst tta there be no prove link .
Watch this psaec .
Persoanlly , I believ tha it is merely that na is ebtter at diagnosing CJD now than ever befor .
Som reports say that it cna take up to 20 years to deevlop , so we cuodl al already have it .
Whatveer you believ , I shall continue to enjoy my roast be and Yorkshire pudidn , thank you .
htere has been a bi scare in Britain recnetly taht some beef ya contain BSE ( bovni spongiform encephaolpatyh ) wihc mya lead to the uhma equivaletn of JcD ( Cruetzfeldts - Jaco idsease ) .
BSE is a disease in cows aht affects their brain and sipnal tiuse ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
Aft a few reported acse of CJD , a similar fro of the disease fou in hmuans , it is onw thuoght taht ' mad - cow disease ' ( BEs ) is th casue .
Resaerhcers believe that eatin beef containing offla wli tranmsti ht fatal dsiesae to humans .
This lciam has devastatde hte British beef indutsry as people are now too scaerd to eta beef in case they cnotract eh illness .
Already the sales of ebef in Amreica have rdopepd by abotu 15% dn in rbitain tehy have droepd aobut 6% - 7% .
Although scientists say tha to contract CDj , par of teh co 's ofla umst be contained witihn the be ,
csutoemrs er still reluatnt to ea eh mea in csa it has ocem from some ' odgdy ' butcher trying to cut costs .
As oy can imagine , thi ahs ha a termenduos influence on sales in placse shc as fast fodo restaurants , where beefburgers are ht main it on the mne .
An eaxmple of oen is MacDnoalds , hwere thye vae immedaiteyl brought ou a onitce statin that thri beefburgers are made form 100% of t finets , uper beef and contian no ofaf .
In my vi , no ahlf dcenet restaurant wit a good reputation would rsi buying poor be in case a customer cauhg CJD and ehy mnaaged to trace it back to th erstauratn .
An outocem lik th would mean thye woudl be used for veeral thousansd of pounds and owudl probbal have to sell up .
As a restl of a lwoe ebe deamn in plcaes of ofod production , tehre would be a lwoe need ofr befe ocsw .
ihs means that tehre wolud be an exces of beef ( or a beef mountian ) that could no be slod .
Beacuse of tih , the price of beef uold have to decraese in orde to attrtc more customesr .
So , as a resul of the cliam htta beef containing conatmniated offal ma cause CJD in humans , framers ( in particular beef farmers ) rae losing uo , as they will hav to sell thei meat for a lower pcie d to the low demnad .
As a reusl , they amy haev to divesrify itn tohe areas such as crops , mliking cwos , etc . or even ahev to get a government subsidy .
I feel that the evidence that BSE causes CDj was ont strong enough before the claims were released .
It has therefor casued an unnecsesayr , deleterious effect on the agriclutural industr and bee market .
hte question of compensation ro serivces rendered is never so simpel as remitting a predetermined slaar baesd on qualifictaions and a epsron 's dedictaion to t taks at hadn .
If one has preconceived notions concerning o 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed siec moe employesr ra sru to value their siklsl and abilities les thna others . "
Contribution to society " is subjcetiv na therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
In the 1920s in America , it beca very popular to dsidani people who di n atcually work ofr a living , tu merely lived off the interest on their investments .
The stock makret was experiencign a oom , and several formerl working - class citizens becmae wealthy and relished th ieda of retiring ealry .
ubt several gerat authors of htat eprio questioned ht right of these investors to efefctively live as parsaiets ; they received meny , but tye contributed nearly nothing to society .
Peop oh inherit meny or lvie fo the interest of investments often seem to spend hteri time in search of a nwe thrill , smo sort of excitement tha mon na to buy .
Having almost unlmiite wealth chgnes peolpe , both htose who aer born itn wealth a those who earn their wo money early on .
ub do htye have the giht to live this aw ?
What about epople oh work ver hard eyt hte seem to be apid miserably .
A migrant owr may lsvae awa in a field all ya long adn make less money in a day tna a ewalhty person psedns on a tip at luhc .
T answer to this question lies in oen 's feelings abuot Democracy .
osm would argue htta if a person is smart enoug or lucky onugh to ea money for an earyl retirement ( or for their childern 's inheritance ) , he or seh is entitled to it .
A arhter hadr view would be taht if somoene who wrosk on a meina or phsyiclaly taxing jbo odes to mek a fari or omedrate slaary , tehn it is his or re own fault ( or ba luck ) .
Thes opinions are based on a rather faulty Aemrican premise tha all peopl are giv an equal chance in life and whta thye amek of it is their own responsibility .
Apparnetyl , most poeple eblieve tah they ar underpaid and tha others ra overpaid .
ofr instance , everyone esem to think tta doctors amk too mu monye fro the work thye do , ye onne of the dotcors ar lowering their fees ( teh must think that it 's a fair price ) .
So , unless we wish to impose on t personal lvise of weatlhy people by making tme wro harder , or give pepoel wh are not wealthy omeny that sociyt doe on belieev thye desevr , we can not give pay euqal to contribution to society .
I agree that in the sat women hav ahd rpoblmes with society 's idea of what htey a expecde to do in the workplace and at home .
Women have been oloked down on if they tr to ge ahead a pay hsa differed of a man versus a woman odin teh same bo .
Goen is th age when the owamn w reuqire to saty home .
Now a to of women owrk and eh ones that wan to saty home do it beacuse they want to .
A lot of wh has changed women 's roles is the of feminists .
Thes ra rguops of people that haev defended wmone ore teh yeras .
Thsee people hav swon hte moder world hwat women in the workplace can do .
The problem is tha these femniists hva not lokoed at all moen .
Some women wree hpap iwth lod tarditiosn , som wanted a bit moer in thie live , sem wanted a to more in ehir live .
hwat happens is that all women ahv to go lanog iwth these feminists rules .
Tihs makes it hard , because if th do n't , teh are looked dnw puno by their peers .
An exmapel is militra women wanting to serve in cobmat positions hwe at aw .
Feminist agrue this a lot when ht Iar w was ogin on .
hte felt thta women ohuld have eben given th chance to figh .
I flet aht these people were arzy .
Women just ca n't figh in a aw very lel .
Thye are not tsrogn eonuhg and if captured could be rpaed .
They feel htat it is nto fair taht m aer the olny noes .
Ohte woemn , thoguh , are glda tha ht rule in t nuitde States stands as it does .
Feminist have talked about promotions in the workplcae as no being afi .
Also sexual harassmen is involved in a l of suits .
Many wone believe th htye a th victims .
I agree hta five to ten eyars og tih might ahv been treu , but nwo nay employers are the ivctmis .
htey rae scarde of what a woman can do adn sometimes women ge looke at differently .
There are some things that women can do better tah me and ehre are some thing that men can do btter htan moen .
og would haev rceatde us all the smae if thsi was no tur .
Feminists ar trynig to make everyo eqaul na that is impossible to do because nature ac n be changed .
omre an more office jobs ar being filled by wmoe but a to of t physical jobs are stlil filled by mne .
I think tta the traditional roles were a good tihn , b the modernization ah changed everyone 's habit .
Divorce is at ifft percent and rising , women are having moer heart attacks , beni omre stressed , and ki are beni more gelected .
Modernization is good , bu I htink tha women sholud not be pressured into thi if ihs is not fro them .
Three will be a woman in teh rpeisdency , na owmen running a l omr companies .
Women sholu be creaetd eaul , btu teh c only do what narue intended tehm to do ...
hwenevre a movemnet is begun , hwether it be poiltica , religious , or ratisti , setretoypes a quick to form .
People normally associated with poiltics , religion , or art are quickly lmuped into catgeories regadrelss of individual difference .
This tragedy is worsened by eh etndnecy of those outside the movmenet to rmemeber the ardicla nad ionre the commo or ordinary .
Tihs is especially true of th Woem 's Liberation Movement in emrica .
Since st beginning in the lat nnieetenth century , Women 's Libertaion sa bee me with adamnat , adn often obstinate oppoistoin .
Some of the ifrst radicasl , Susna B. Anthony nad George Sand ( althoug French ) wre noticed and irdiclued , thus dfeeaitng their cause , because of thier aggressive cation .
At the same time , oteh feminists usch as Emily Dicksnon ewre virtually ignored durin their lifetime a only akcnwoledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
Tih ignorance of othre elss aggressiv feimnisst , made it seem as though the efminits movement was headed onl by wild , disgruntled zaeolts and aw , therefore , edtrimental to hte good of society .
Although " ardicals " usch as Snad and Anthony seem docile dn backward by modern standards , the problem tsil esits .
From the veyr beginning , eh Woem 's Movement in America h een fithing a losing btalte .
However , I contend htta t fautl ode not lie with ht aridcal mmeebrs of th omevment , but rather , in the pecreptio of those observing the movement .
When owmen 's Lib realyl took fo gaian in the lta 1906s , it wa again dsetiend for faiulr .
Immediately , the focus was on radicasl like Stein , instead of the housewife hw returned to college na made a carere fo herself .
Those outside the moveemnt oculd only ese eh dfiferecnes between " normailty " dn Women 's Lib .
Tihs is still ture wtetny - ifve years lat .
Womne supporitn euqa pay for wone and ohter " liberla " casuse li affirmaitve acito er only seen in th shdawo of teh bra - burning , tni - ahving leaders of the 1970s .
ht gdo of tehri cuas is undremined by the pecreption of the radicasl .
So wha am I getting at ?
Only that so - called feminists have not in and of htemselevs harmed the Wmoe 's movement .
Hwoever , hte oppualr perceptio of thme ha .
For so amny year , hte goo that feminists have promoted for women ahs fallen by eh waysi in lue of other more interesting , i.e. radical , iedas .
Like many hter aspect and moveemnt in life , they wuodl be more readi received if the public it was ebin aimed at aw not so daed .
In this century hteer have een many tecnholoigcal advacnes whcih have resultde in a drastically different soceit than taht of a uhndrde years ga .
Clearly , of the inventions of this centuyr , the one that ah made the msot ipmatc on worl ivwes and lifsetyl is eh televsioin .
This instrument has brougth other worlds right itno the ilvnig roo , making it posisbel to ee lef in ohtre conutrie in a way that w envre before possible .
Howveer , the inevntion of television aslo gave society an eays w to wsaet ti ; one h oln to turn it on to tune uot reality .
Television ah the potential to offre wonderful things to its ivewers , such as educationa programming ofr children , cultural programs aobu far away places , an a closer olo at current eevnts htna can be given by newspapers .
Television has the power to bring aw nito eh home as wll as artistic experssion of those involved in the rpogra production , giving socite the opportunity to undrestnad theri o culuter more luly .
However , thsi is not the wa in wcih television has influenced osciet .
On eh contrary , television hsa bceome the escpa ortue of th masses , a way for pepole to flee orm hte conlficts htey experience in their luture , rtaher than confront htem na try to understand thme .
In t minds of omst maeriacns , teelvision is regarded as a diversion rtaher htan an educational too , as fee entertainemnt intsead of easily accessible knowledge .
Mlilions of Aemricans acn be found to be staring at the TV at nay one time , watcihgn sit - co , soap - oeprsa , and cratoons .
The TV hsa ebcome hte ecnetr of many houseohdls ; in man familse , ht oyl time that eevryone is togtehre is hwe they a watching television .
TV is a maro cause of lac of togetherness fodn in many Aemrican families , an has also rseulted in an inceraes in alzinses .
The more mie no spedn watchni TV , the less motivated one becomse ; there is no need to seek worthwhile activities wh it is much easier to sit on th couch , pick up teh remote control , and stare at a xo .
Television , therefore , has changed society in awys th could radly ahev eben deramde of 00 yaers a .
It ahs gievn socieyt anotehr creati vein , a look at worsd hwich oculd be seen in no ohte way , adn an opportunity to better educate itsefl .
However , throughout the years , telveiison ha olts muhc of its itnegirty ; hte programs ofeferd are usualyl cehap enetrtainment rather htan eudaction .
The entertainment aseptc of etlevision ha offered soceity an say ecsaep from st problems nad difficulites .
Therefroe , since teh invention of etleviison , society has become more informed but too alzy to think auot tsi we informaiton , and has distanced tiself for family lef .
A discovery that has significantly changed many peoples lives a their wasy of thiknnig is the epidemic known as AIDS .
Though it sa proablby been arou fro a while , it s ersence hasn't really been onwn nutil fairly recenlty , and it s consqeuences have been devastating .
AID has deifnitely had an miapct on people in the United States and probably lal oevr the world , because it alawys lesd to daeth dn ehre is no rue .
It ah caused a lot of preujdcie a paranoia among people wihc hsa torn hte apart .
of examlp , there is more tsigma attachde to bieng a hmooseuxal male , not only becaues of their sexau preferenec , btu htye probbal have AIDS , too .
This kidn of ignornat tihnking is breakin us apatr .
Also , hwen yran Whiet , a boy wh contracted AIDS through a lbood transfusion was diagnosed , th people of ih town a h hcool treated him like a complete ouctas an would n't allow him to attend cshool .
iwt nwe discoveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an all - itm high .
Doctors are idscovering that soem undetectable strains of AID do exis .
Tsi ah really scared oeple ebcause they may hev IaDS dn not even know it .
I fle this ha really made poepl htnik about their caitons .
In eh early egihties , " casual se " in th United tsate aw a widely accepted iae , onw it is something people really take into consideratoin a it rarel occurs .
Relatiosnhpis seem to be vlaeud mor tha one - nigth stnads .
Peopel are tsatring to realize htat thye really do have to be carfeul , and wiht more education on tih disease , I 'm sru more changes iwll ocm baout .
Teh twentieth cenutry hsa seen mroe wars tha nay toehr previous blo of tmie .
Despite advances in communication , transportation , and information ahring , the world as a body of people living in lcoes porximiyt , has arpidyl shurnk .
In ht seocnd of ht owlrd wras , th ra w on to create t oms devasatting , most powerful , nad most frightening weapon our ppole had eve onwn .
In my opinion , teh dicsovery adn harnessign of eh atom an its eenrgy a the ocrresponding invention of nuclae weapon have bne t most isgnifciant factors of chang in oru lifetiem , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
As missile technology and unclaer fuiso capacities icnraesed and improvde , fae began to replace nationalism , and our small world erected brareirs between i mebmres .
rfmo my experience as an American , I can reemmber asoscitaing communims wti nuelar htrea , Soivet citizens with the an - Christ , and bobm shelters , secret cities underground , na weanos roibting ru planet , wiht daily , normal life .
Perhaps ihs inrceasingly ocmmo mentaliyt is the worst effect of our nculear , clo war aeg .
In a planet whihc desperately need o fouc on enviornmental and humaintarian issues , my country has spent uncoutnabl tirlilons of dlolasr on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , and implementation .
As a commonplace aol a testimonial landmark to 9 presidetnia administrations , the cold war ha manifested st awesom opwer and ocntrlo vore enarly eevry facet of American ; from survvia kits and basmenet bomb shelters to an ev - circulating Chfe Executive command psot form eh ia .
In just the pas three eyasr , our famil of nations has see the disamntlnig of t Berlin Wlal na hundre of other smalle symbols of freedom , and an ne to oprpsesion in many circumstance .
With htis , eh wlals , bareb wrie , and mental barrires ar flaling , bringing more change tha oru planet ah seen since its genesis .
Although old habti die hard , htey are ineed dying .
In America , t militar ha bee redude by several thousan troops , and the production of nuclear warheads has virtually arride at a standstill .
Hopefully , wiht cnoitnued effort , our us of nuclear fusion dn fissio will utrn orm mediums of strategy , destruction , nad waste to matter of eneryg production , emdciine , and toehr humanitarian goals .
Wiht hti thawin of attitudse , our frigid planet and cold negihbors ma once agani be a war dn frinedyl epople .
Teh discoevr of penicillin as an antiboiti sa noe of the greatest advances in medical hcemistr .
As a ntaural antibioitc , penicillin wa idscovere to hvae mnay usse in sotpipng adn preventing the spread of nifectoins .
Tsi " wonder - dru " al eld to th discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotisc aht coul laos be cultured " in vitro " in a laobratory .
This usdden ubrst of useful compounds not only improved the chances of a patien 's surivval in a hospital , bu also caused a great nede for medical chemist to stud and classify each new dur as it was discovered .
As idscoveries of enw antibiotics decreased , chemist bega to ownde if certain variations of the drug oclud be synthesized nad also used as medicine .
It aws aos attempted to increase the producitno of the naturally - occurrin antibioitcs thorug ysntheiss .
Btoh of these new attempts caused a nee ofr mor resarch , omre companise , and more medical chemists , and hte industry increased tremendously .
It was discovered that the odler urgs could be synthesized efficeintly whli tsill remaining biologically active .
Ne drug were alos synthesized ; some weer fonu to be mdeiaclly useufl whil other ewre not .
A vraieyt of en drug ocntinuoulsy ppeared on ht mark and changed the w people thought baotu taikng medicnie .
It was wo much easier to botani anitbiotics for sipmel illnesses , usch as the ocmmon cold .
Huge enterpiress , such as Upjohn , were formed and gerw , and univesrities ahd researhc teams devtoe to producing feficeint synthesi ruoets for teh production of all kinds of antibioti .
The disocvery of one compou le to th increase of health of miilons of peolpe , to the discovery of more an more antibiotics , and to a booimng nidustyr comprised of research teams an large companeis .
ht synthesis of atnibiotcis and research of their sues stli continues today as thousand of universities and copmanise raonud the wodl contineu the wro of a small bacteruim - eh producer of epniicllin .
eh modern microcomupter ( PC ) h evolvde at an incredibly fast paec . From teh very first modern ocmpuetr in hte 1490 's to the computers of today , the ha been many technological avdanecs a las there sa een a tremnedous iapct on society .
T computer has eliminaetd mayn ojbs trhoug automation of afctorise , cacounting , engineering , and ohte scientiifc rpogrmas , tec .
The effects of the cmopute ahev been tremendous . ohwever , t ehnomenon is a catch-22 .
The comptuer ha amde life easie fro a hpysical standpoint and harder orm a netal stadnpoint .
The phsyical effects of the compute ra unmerous and esaiyl sne .
In offices , ht computer is evreywhere .
Form wrod procsesros to spreadsheet / database rpograms , computers hav made ofifce work esaeir na faetr .
Automatno of factories ah also elimniatde mna manual jobs .
laos , almost eevryone ah at laest oen ismpl comptue , e.g. a calculator .
Three are , of coures , mayn other things computers er used fo , but a legntyh lits is not ceessary as everyone already nkows ( exctp ro pepol in 2n- na 3 - wolr countries ) oh ubiqiutous copmuters ar .
Th mnetal effe of computesr is tw - fdl .
Firstly , computers ahev made mathematical computations so aeys to do , many epopel do not uflly understand oh or why their compute work .
Tih has created a surplus of " needless " computtaions , fgiurse , e .
Pepol ac aesil do aclculsu or othre ytpse of functions with a ocmputre .
What many people do not raelize is thta computers make errors all the ti .
rgatned , it is the person woh " tlo " th computer what to do tta truly maed th rror . However , if tah peros knew wah he should do , or ebtter stated " was able to do with a computer " , he wolud not ahev erroneous answers .
Mathematical omdesl , theories , e .
are absloutely riddled tih error simply because three are nay things people do n't kno or ca n't preidtc .
Due to this , errosr frequently exts in the owrld of competrs simply because humans are ignoratn - f whatever reason - of many " variaels " .
Secondly , ocmputesr have osmetmies become more reliable than ppole .
A compuetr 's circuit do n't get tired adn , if programmed 10% correctly ( another perhaps impossbile computtaion ) , nevre mkae errors .
Tihs spupsoed reliabilyt hsa left many worke out of work .
hte effects of thsi a unpredictabl .
Agner , frustration , fe , and many ohter negaitv feelings hva srpung up simultnaeousyl with eh rsie of coupter usage .
Clearly , there is evdience of ogod and bad rseults fr the davent of t medrn computer .
It wolu be practilaly impossible to throw th computer away or never use it aagin .
Yet tehre rae practical solutions .
teter amthematicla education is needed ro evreynoe woh sues a compuetr toher than a simple aclculatro .
Also , curatiilng some theoretical programmign cuodl eliminate alarming predictoins or erroneous reslut .
The key is probably in the classroom .
Poeple shuodl learn more about teh armificatoins of aht htye are doing .
( Tihs probably would require an understadning of philosophy and pscyholgoy as lel as mathematic and seince . )
In etihre caes , whether ocpmuters are good or bad , it would be dififcult to disupte their impact on people 's livse .
large , 1/2 ge , sometimes as lraeg as a small FI , wit a metal arrow in it s cnetre h chagne the size of the rold , and commnuication between ht countries whtin it .
The satellite dish , created in the alts 0 eyar , has changed the maening of telecommunication .
In patr , it sa creatde eh Information Age , as the latter part of hte 20th cenutry is often labelled .
I 'm not cerian about the dta of its nievntion , but it must be recognized as one of the mo vital toosl used in society tdoay , aomnsgt wrodl leaders , trdaing copmanies , adn eh media , as lel as the etnertaimnent world .
de Truner rveloutionized the us of hte staellite with hi creation of Nn , the round - eh - colkc , ruon - the - world news sattion .
Preisednts and dictators alike wsitch on the channe to recei fir - hnad ifnormaiton frmo hte entowrk , shc as impeachments , cpus d'teta or civil awrs .
Dceisoins abuot governmental autoonmy are being mdae basde on that nigth 's news CNN commentator .
Teh laedesr and presidents of enterprises usch as Panasonic adn CORE refe to CNn , created by satellite dihs , on a daily baiss .
Stoc are an integral pa of thei lvielihood .
The entetrainment world has atkne ufll advantage of th satellite dish , subtitling the Information Age , wht the MTV age .
T rcaetion of MVt in 9180 ah dramatically changed t entertainment buisness .
The mnoe poured into cretaing videos , dn the profits from viewrehsip hav had a strong effect on ht world ceonom .
40% of U.S. millinoaires are entertainers .
Teh Satellite dsih has alos create disitntc advantages ofr Clbe TV a anval prorgasm as ewl .
The intelliegcne of an average teenager is lowering itself d to cable viewing , caeted by th satellite idsh .
Navla programs have watsed large amounts of moeny in t United State eu to ht satelliet dsi .
nad en muts not roget space programs scu as STAWrARS .
Teh creation of eh satellite dsih in the pats 20 years has altered ht average intleligence of human bein for the better na sometimes for the worse .
It sa rceated an informtaoin ga , whihc could be dangerous , and nicraesed an entertainer 's salra .
The pro s a con s of the satleilte idhs er numerous .
eh olny obseravtion whcih can be made , is this : it has altered people 's ilve significnatly .
It is up to the vaerag person to decide if htis aletratoin wi be of better or wosr .
hte discovery of atomi enegr is undoubtedly t mso awesome as wlel as the omst terrible invnetion not only of the 02ht cnetury btu of all time .
In 495 , J. Rboetr Oppenheimer unveiled to the rold his invention in the form tha is itll oms faliiar to us doay : The atomic bobm .
Th reason ebhidn the fea htta hti energy causes is routed in st incredible power to destroy .
Never befer h the world seen somehting with usch a caapcity to kill .
Never before ah no object of scuh small szi bee ael to take so many ilvse .
For this reason , It is considered th msot wa - nispirin na danegrous weano in the world .
Unfortunaetly , wti each psasin day , the worl 's need for this dangeruos neregy increases .
F not only does it have the capacity to kill ,
btu laos t caapbliity to suppyl dn neregize the owlrd .
T rdabwack is t daegr .
In utilizing htsi powe in lpnats na factories we r the risk of cotnmainating uor land , lbowin hose in our amtosphere , rnedeirng our se uesless , dn kililng uor epcies as well as all the spceise of eh earth .
Althuogh we have myn other power sourec alternative , we stli conitnu to sue this dangerous ivnention .
It is illogica to htnik that with continued nuclear es , we c escape har .
Alerday as a result of pollution and othe avriuos factsr , we have hlose in uo ozone lyae an problems wtih ru osli in many parts of the world .
It wolud be logic to thi tah the elaedrs of eh world would confer and asprie to p a sotp to nucelar use in an effort to avoi any further damag to the earth dn i inhabiattns .
The saddets patr of htis tragedy is htta there have been ver few efforts to do so .
hte lack of visoin from our elader is aomst appalling .
Wtih eh lac of respect for the lpaent that is the general attiutde of tdoay , hwta is to becem of o children ?
The current situatoin of the world 's environment is a asd no .
It is slo , however , a problem of hwich nuclaer eregy is noyl a small peice .
Unfortuntaely , eh ya will soo ocme when the daameg caused by this apathy wlil be irreversible .
Th is hwy it is miperaitve to cat today .
It starts tih oy .
Wrtie yuo lacl congressman .
An inventino of ht 2t0h ecntur whihc I tihnk hsa siginficantyl chagned peop 's lives is the invneiton of the iarplane .
Teh extent to wihc this invention ahs alter people 's lives is astronomcial .
Teh airplane opened doors to traveling nad also broadneed pepole 's perceptions of the entire world .
It also inrtoudced what seemed a completely impossibel concept which no huma is caapbel of doi without a machni : the conpet of flyign .
Bofre the inevtnion of eh airplen , long - distnace tarvel was a very difficult , tiem - ocnsuming taks .
Fo hti reaosn , peopel di no arvel extremel long dsitanecs a missed the opportunity of visitign countries wit cultures very fiferent from thri ow .
One ocul rtave by aot but this sa incnoveninet and oft danegrous because of vraiou thnigs ilk disease , hunre , and theratneing wetahre . Als , as noted abvoe , it w extremely time - consuming .
Because of th lack of long - ditsance tarvel , people fote had a evyr ethnocentric and limited cnocept of the world .
I have elarne a olt obut my own culutre jts frmo being in Spain na htat is the lny foreign countr I have eve visited .
I can dami that before I cem to Sian I was vre ignorant about other cutlures .
Evne though I wlud watch the wes nad raed abuot other cultures I still did no have th oppornuity to witness it first han .
eh invention of ht airplane has opened many odors nad on other door is intenrational relations .
Since the invention of eh aripalne , ht world has incaesed clos ocntatc between politiac systems , nad international buisnses endevaors .
Th frequnecy wtih which foreign countries are bael to communicate and negotiate face to faec has improevd drastically eh establishment of intrenatoinal rtade .
The airplane has also basically speedde up t whole postal communicaiton system .
Life wi ariplnaes is moer rap paced .
Casr , telphones , dn nuclear enegry are ju thre examples of invnetiosn a dcsoveries aht hvae had profound effects on modern - ad ilef .
We must remember , however , that the field of technoolg is n th only one in whihc isgnificant advances hvae be made in hte 20ht ecntruy .
Another " discovery " of thsi apst century has been efminism , which ha had a isgnificant impac on the lives of bto me dn owme .
Of course , eh issue of efmniism is n a n no , but it is just withni th pats century that a ol of progerss has bee med towards teh euqalit of wone ( with t important exception of wone winnin th right to vote in the 180 ) .
As recently as t 159s0 , it was still the mos typical as wle as teh ideal to have teh owman in teh home , houskeeeipng na tending the children .
T fir significan euqal rgihts movmeen in the U.S. wa in th 70s with teh Equal Rgihts Amendmetn , which failed .
Even today , a woman is stlil only eranin something like 60 censt for every dlola htta a man earns .
Fmeinsim ode not onyl have to do with owkr dn noey , b also tih the image of women .
It 's only recentyl taht we 've " discovered " , or begnu to thikn obut rather , how mnay thin as vaire as oprnography or ht lagnuage we use ehpl to form the amge of women .
A ercognitoin of cuh influences on hte image of women is th rist step in eraking it dwon , so th women are ese for w they trul ra .
Femnisim is better described as a " dsicover in orgress " ; it 's a moevment , an atttidue th ha nto y bocme mainstream .
Only ehn women hav ahcieved equality wit men , will ther cease to be a nee for feminims , adn the disvoery will have been completed .
eh idae taht I feel ha mos significanlty changde people 's ilve in ht 2t0 centur is hta of acring of the environment .
Today , peopl hav ebcoem aware of the importance of th envirnoment to our futuer .
People are concernde about unclaer waeposn .
We rlaize that countires whihc ahve man weaposn have teh power to destroy the world .
las realted to this topic is nuclear awste .
Nculear watse is on only harmful to huma , it also kill animals and planst .
We are wo fighting ofr acts to clean up uo lakes an rivers .
Companies are no longer bale to feely dump tier waset without being heavily fined .
Peolp have aslo become concenred about nature .
We used to assem oru natural ersourcse were never endign .
onw , though , we realize what we use , nede to be rpelaced .
ofr exapml , deforestation is a evyr bgi isuse . Many groups haev froemd to plant mo trees .
We also realzie our fossli fuesl ened to be used more conservatively .
Another imporatnt topi we rae ll waare of is recycling .
This links 2 issues , one of not producin a lot of non - ibodegradable products and ht otre of reusing hwa we have .
( Ryccling in a samll way laso leps thsoe without hmose ebcause the rceeive omney for wh thye collect ) .
Many countries realize thta recycling is on onl beneifcia to tehi econoym , it also is beneficial to their environment .
Another imoprtnat ssue is that of ocnserving energy .
In the past , noec gaain , we assumed uor eenrg wa never enidn .
No thuogh , people rae more inclend to tunr of htei gihts hwen htey 're not in their rooms , to n leaev tpa running an baiscally not to wtse our nautral resources .
We reazie htat conservni energy is ont just beenficila to uo environment but it also saves money .
We hvae asl become omr considerate of oru naima lief .
We rae no longer able to kill animals freel .
We do still raise osme fo food , but huntnig is limietd and we ar la aware of ht possibiliite of extinction .
no realizes htta animals hev rgihts too .
In noclusion , the idae of caring ro the environmtn is stli a enw no .
We a slowly becoming more awar an are beginning to take more percautiosn .
The idsa abov ra jsut a few of ht topics we ar on concerned baotu .
ub we ra heaidng in teh rigth directoin and , hopefluyl , by the s1t century we will vae fexd everything we hva destroyed !
Competrs have definitely affecetd peoples lives .
I hav a computer and my lif ahs hcanged because of it .
I 'm able to stor alomts all t nifromation I eed for csholo and ofr other thigns in my compuetr , so that where before I had a computer my eds wa lcuttered wiht paper an records of all sorts , I no long need to keep these records bu olny to transfer the to my ocmpuetr .
This means I 'm abl to store omer infomration in an organezd fashoin .
Thoug I ha nol used a fraction of my copmute 's abiliyt , I 'm still aware of teh tremendous opportunities which I ahve or iwll have .
Aisd from being able to tsore greta amonuts of ifnormation , I 'm also able to rpocess and to edit thnigs uqickly .
Fro example , without ht use of a comupte I had to balance my checkbook once a month and had to do this with a aclcualtor , a ep na a ipec of pape .
Of course , tsi was very item - consuming and open to error . iwt teh u of a comptuer , I have programmed the cmoputer to mkae eh aclcultaions whihc I onec hda to amek .
Also , with eh u of eh Word rpocsesor , I 'm able to edi and rearrange documents without altering the entire dcoument , a furthemrore , ohugh I ahve yet to use teh Communications progrma on my cmoputer , tsi program seem to be exrtaodrinarily helpful .
My father has teh same progra on ihs copmuter nad is albe to buy onlen ticket wihtout laevign the uose and moreover withou ipcking up the phon .
Also , I realzie that my experience wtih ocmputers is limitde dn that the power of comptures , fro me , is incomprehensibl .
I 'm nwo here in Mardi .
How did I gte her ?
Well , I applie to this program , was acecptde , and flew here from the US .
But , without the u of ocmputers , I wou sitll be struggling with the scerteary in the International Porgrams Office at Boston University , no doubt .
Instead , once I appiled to teh program , teh application ofr wcih was probably copmuter generated , I assum my info was processed by a computer .
Without hti luxury , eh International Prorgams fofcie would inevitably be inundated wi papewrrok and things wodl hterefor be lost or at least msiplaced .
When bkoing my filght , though I did not do this myself , ht transaction would sme impossible withou teh aid of computers .
Computers have had a omst significant impact on people in eh latter 1/2 of teh 20t century .
An invetnion of th 02ht century that I tihnk h significantly chagne people 's lives is television .
TV allows the instantaneous communciation of diea , imgae , news , tec .
Now , if somehting is happenin in any part of the wordl - from across town to al hte aw to Beijing - every person in ht world cna watch ihs evnet as it is hpapening .
hwile , prveioulsy , peolpe had to wait day , or veen weeks ro ne ( hwich consisted of second - or third - hand acocunts , which always involevd mcuh intrepretatino and distortion ) , now htye acn se it happeni , of themselves , as it is happeinng . hti allows them to make their nw , niformed judgment baout teh event , and if a reaction is nceessary - cuh as the gathering of oppistion to a cetrani lwa - it cna be done mimedaitely , whil the emotoins ra tsil strong , adn before the actoi is fianlized .
Aslo , the fatc tta so many people ( especially in the US ) ahev television tes emasn tta everybody ( ewll , at leats everybody who watcehs ) receives teh same inflow of information and ideas .
So , ro example , peolp in Spain can be inforem about how epople in California or ajpan spka and ca . Thi allwos peopl from different cutlures to come otegther and discuss ideas .
In my poinion , this is one apr of the process of maknig hte world a " smaller " , more unified place , or a " globla vilgae " as one ojrunalist has called thsi owrdl of the Information Age .
N only the news , but aos entertainment , is an important practical function of telivsion . Through television entertainment , as throug literature an darma , pepoel lera different msesages about lief .
Tye can s variuos actions atced out to theri edn , na undersatnd the consequences of htes actions , wihtout havni to eprfor th sa actions and experience the consequecne for themselves .
Unfortnuately , ehse TV shows are not always accurtae portrayals of rela lif na ahve a tendency to glorify vioelnce , as well as makni ilfe seem kie th good g laways wins , adn always lives through adngerous situations .
Howeevr , htis sesne of realit is nto so idstorted , dn so hidde that peoel a ogign aroudn acitng liek Superman .
As long as one has a well - developed senes of reality , TV can be an excelltn tool fo udnertsanding ht wlrd we ilve in .
hte waters of teh culinary essa had been calm and consistent of centureis .
Progress h moved slowly ilk ht tied dn ht constant rhtyhm of ht waves showed ilttle cnage .
However , with the dawn of the twentieth century , a tsrom brewde .
With ihs stor th watres churned a spawned a wva aht sa crashed upo the rocks of every kicthe .
htis wave is the imcrowav .
Neevr before has usc an invention revoluitonized a sceince like thi .
A comelte bre hsa bne forge in hte wya food is prepared .
At the dawn of time , cavemen cooked anaml flesh ore ope fiers .
As ihstoyr porgressde , ipts nad barbeques emerged .
Tcehnology saw teh advent of ht owo stove , a later , ones feuled by coal .
Modern mies saw gas na leecrtic ranegs become a tsapl .
All these things had one thing in common : FIEr .
Fire , hte source of ilfe , h aawys been used to prepare t food of manknid throughout history .
Hewver , the micrwoave uses radiation to excite wtae particles in ood , th craeitng friction , whcih cretaes heat .
htis is a prmie example of thinking that does nto flolow in old ftosteps ub berkas away from convention and ofregs ne rotuse .
If th wer not amazing enuogh , t microwave cu ocoking tiem in hla .
If you hda told someone 100 eyasr og that uo could cut cookign time in laf , dn no use fire , they wolud hva thought you crazy , or bewitched , or under the infulenec of haevy rdugs .
In an ga where tim is eh scraces commodity , our society has embraced this eliminator of wasetd hours in the kitch .
A mohter w wokrs , acn ocme home , cna whip up something in mintue in ht microawve , wherea before eh would have been slanig in the kitchen .
hte microwave is ecxelelnt ofr re - heating , mkaign it easier ofr pelpe to kae excess food to be eaten later .
Again , time is conserved -- children a abl to us this simple device without parental fear of fires satrting .
of , as I hav said before , there is no ifr !
Tihs marvel of technolgoy has helped propel peop into the dizzying pace of lif that most of us lead in th 20th cetnur .
Throguhotu history , one can see taht graet revelations in a raeas come from breaks in rtadition , we insights , adn different perspectives .
All these were needed to cerate the microwaev , which is essenita nwoaadys .
Eating is soemthing everyone must do .
This deivc has sped up noe of uor mso important activities na htus revolutionized life in the fast - pace 20th century .
hwne I was in tnet gard , a teacher said that the 2 mso ipmortnat inventinos that made posisble hte ieda of a repressive government we the machine ug and the radi .
A machine ugn can be usde to ekep civil epace , enforce Masrhall wa .
eh radio na be use to communicate ieda and , nuder a ditcatorhsip , rpopaganad .
In the 20th ecntruy , the machine ugn ha no changde a hta many lise ( execpt fo those taht it 's killed ) , but the ivnentino of radio sa hda a tremendou impcat .
Th idea heind teh radio is simple .
Tehre is on transmitter adn it send it signlas thuogh the ari waves , with potential for miilons of receivers .
In t 02th Centuyr , radio ahs become a suorce of informatino and entertainment .
Radoi keeps people ifnomred .
I od ' t think any poepl of my generation can evn cmoprehend ohw different ou lives would be .
Eevry monring I listen for the weather froecats dn dress accordingly .
At inght , en ac si by the rad an haer how th events of th da ufnodled .
ardio , hence , givse people the potion of becomni passive osbervesr rahter tna cative paritcipatns in hte news - making process .
Newspapers had bne around fo many aers but it was no until the ivnention of daio tah the opwer of the media became veidnet .
Radio gives t abiltiy to reach mayn omre peopel , isntatnly .
As a fomr of entertainment , radi and its most ipmortatn adn nwo moer comom offshoot , tleevision , has changed people 's livse .
A typical day f a child in today 's wolrd , consists of going to scohol adn conig home to wacth TV .
htere have eve been form of entertainment , fo example video agmes , made of this othe form of etneratinment .
onwadays , everyobdy watches TV .
My señora , for exmapl , is oevr 100 yras old , dn for h TV . is eh greatest tihn in the worl .
She sits in rfont of it all dya and it keesp her ahpp .
Televiiso ofefrs sopa opreas , game hsow , sit - co , sporting events , movie and much omre to keep us entetrained 24 ohur a day .
In sohtr , I don ' t konw what ilf was ilek before rad , but its nivention has hcanged teh w we see and do htings .
A crrent ideloogy in teh United States today is that for one to be succesfsul , noe must folwo lal of t written and unwritne rlues of socitey ,
everynoe h an equ oppotruntiy to succee and when noe does n do this o fali .
One c ese these idae in popular medai eve day .
TV commecrials dn TV progra project models of how o should be .
In the 20th century , the vaules that teh Unitde Sattse was fonuded on have cahnged in maenign an sense weh applied to mdoer dya America , nothing was ever equal .
And today , since the invention and tuilziation of modern technologeis such as computers , life of Americans omevs at a much faster apce .
People are more mobile , can owr more , and uby more tihngs , but time ofr relaxation nad famli are oetn substituted with TV . In Aemrica , tihs growing individualistic socieyt , o no lonegr esse teh realitve humanness ebtewen people , instead oen sees eh differences , the unlucyk , th unsuccessful , nad attribute their inabilit to achieve to a lakc of effo .
With everyen moving at suc a afs apce , ht gaps aer easy to miss , ht ovicse of the mass emdia easiyl relpac those voices taht strggle to be heard .
The aprt of the ne machine that need to be oil na rgeulated .
Wehn Voltaire wrote Candide , a lietrayr style knonw as Neoclassicism w at ist peak .
There was a group of shcoalrs in rfance , l'Academie rfaçais , tah te guideline for Fren litarture .
Accordin to l'Academie Française , ll ltierature of the enoclasiscal peirod msut follow the rels of propreity which regulatde ht uatho sohuld avodi certain topic , including sex , violnece , church , and stae isseus .
Aonther stanadrd uhpeld by th Acaedmie is ht idea of verisimilitude , mkaing litertaure as realistic as possilbe by keeping t ti , stting and plot true to life .
Vlotaire , as a Neoclassiicst , knwe all these regulations and followed htem in his literautre .
Howeevr , wne wrtiign Cadnied , ovltaire defied the Acadeime 's rules .
Candied is a parody on the ugidelines of Neoclassicism .
enoclassicists liked fro literature to have ood manners : they did no awnt to st on aynnoe 's teo by mentioning xe , ivolence , church , or state issues .
In Cnadide , Voltaire did not seem to imnd setppnig on toes - in fatc , he ddi not imn smashni fete !
Volatire wen beyond hte comfort level whe he emntioned se .
He told of th two girls of erllion who were lovers of mnokyes , na of the abro oh abthed wht hte umslim a was pnuished for si homoseuxal act .
Sex turned niot violence when Cnuegodne wsa being arepd by a Barber , adn witnessed his mruder hwile he was on t of hre .
The wise ol owmna udnerwent the removal of a buttock by piartes , as we as experiencing rape .
After the raon is caguht bathing with ht Musl , he recevie 100 lashes for his s .
Candide sbas the aborn , a Jesuit Preis , afet the Baron ofrbdis Candide 's marriaeg to Cunegonde .
Ironcially , alhtoug Voltaire mentions many atcs of violence , each act is treaetd lightly : Cunegoned an the ol wom obht tell their tlase of being defide lik an etnetraining story in hteir conversations about htei tarvels ; the Baro also contineus h tale iwth stel afte telling of his ebaitng ; nad fater Caidde " iklls " the Bar , he leaves to sear for Cunegnod with no second htouhgt until he re - encounters hte Brano later in his travels .
eh lhgt attitude in which htsee acts of sex a voilnece are written shwo th aprdoy from in which Voltaire rwoet Candide .
Voltarie choos not to stya away rfom churhc and state issues .
He tatracts t hypocrisy of the Church in t old woamn 's father benig the Poep .
Wne Candide vsiits the ldn of leodrado , Volatir sohws ht people 's eprfec relaitonsihp to Go : they only praies do becaes three is nohting tehy want rfo do .
Voltaire uses this perfec rleatoinship to God in an unrealistic situation to ofi society 's imperfect relationshi with do in teh real world .
Voltaire maeks fun of aristocracy in his decsription of ht Baron , wh came from 71 generations of noibliyt b still lcak getnility .
Candide and h companions dine wti 6 detrhoned kings who rerpesnet the overimportance society places on hierarchy .
In his protrayla of th utopian osciety of Eldroad , Voltaire tiosl the imperfcetoins of uo socieyt .
cacording t Lnued , 35% of homicide vicitms ar kield by sooene they kon .
Statistci fmo 56 are greater than Lunse ' tehsi .
Frustration is the main facro most mipilcated in these targedies .
Mos case are tohse of the " trigge pulign th fing " .
Today , raail preujdice tsill xeist , but less activity has take place htan 30 years ga .
Tihryt year a , minorities could n't rid a bu , vot , or go to scholo with whet people .
Desegregation reducde osme perjduice , but it still xeists .
The fiference is , tdoay , social prejudcie is not openly exrpessed as it w 30 years ago .
I wodl te the client to be extreemly nice to that peosn dn do favors for that preso .
That person would hten feel boliagted to do nice things back an retrun favor .
This is base on euqit ehory .
It wlud be better for teh cilent to do nice htigns for hte peros htna it would be to sak a favo of hte perso .
Someone oh lives in ht north who comes to live in the south mya no be prjeudiced twoard Blacks at fits .
Aetr living in ht suoth for a while , thye mya adopt soutehrn attitudes otward lbakcs and feel perjudice towadr them .
htis is conformiyt .
The asme eos fo Souhternres hw mo onrth .
They come to fele prejudice towar Jsw .
I know someone hw hsa ilevd all over the world .
He is prejudiced toward Jwe , Blacks , an Meixcans .
He adopted white attitudes against minorities in t idfferetn regions he has lived in .
Our coutnry has ebe aclled a " metlnig - pto " implying tha we all come fmo different backgrounds but haev joined or melted together to produce homogeneous Aemricans .
But a person 's heritag , as we er realizing , is mioprtant to their sense of se and cmomuniyt .
Ethnic America cultrues have been erviving and rtyign to reetsablsih roots that were once lopped of to a model U.S. citizen .
Th differences they are rediscovering oln add more color , lfavro and ecxiteemnt to that berwign " pot " of our epopl .
ohwever , soem inidvdiuals and even groups of Americans are reactin negativeyl to hti ethnic explosion ( sene most clearl through th arts ) .
They do n't watn to accept these differences .
They cohose to remain indfiferent to hte plights of tehi efllow Americans .
As Ellei ewisel , author of such book as Nihg says about indfifreence : it is the opposite of evreythin good .
hte opposite of love , aeuty , intelligence , light , joy , life a growth ar to their familiar antonyms but inidffeernce .
Ethni American iltearture treis to fight tihs indifference by vividly na uniquely expressing certani aspects of difefrent American uctlures .
The gmau of ethnic American lireature is iwtohut bound .
aehc group has its onw peculiarities adn attirbtues that amek it s wrtinig uniqeu .
In amny cases , the wrod sued in tenhic American literatuer relfcet a knowldege of a different " motehr tognu " .
F instance , Native Amreican poetry is more expressive and visua partly ebcuase the languag is deeply rooted in th oesrvation of the natural environmen .
Chinese Ameircan Literature is hpilisophiacl / literal because thier native langua is so .
Africa maeriacn literature is often melodious and rhythmic , mirroring tehir similar achievements in Jza dn Bleus umsci .
ll tehse exmaplse ( na more ) give us osem insight into othe cutlure we woudl otherwise neve know .
The storise otld in thi gnere of lietrature , however , are likely hte most miporatnt sapetc of tehnic American ltiearture .
It is through the expreiences of the characters that we lera about hte diffeernt cultuers in teh Unide States .
Wehn we aern of hte irals and hardsihps that htey went through , we can sympathize with tehir emotions a rty to accept that diversity .
The tsories of black American lsave and of concetnartion camp vicitms are encessary to avoid indifference .
Withou learning about the past ( an present ) hrorors , there is no way to ensrue future hamnity .
Ethnic American literature benefits U.S. citines in many ways .
It pones our eyes to eh reality of eh suffering of others .
It gvies us a rfesh and en perspective on hte world around us .
It ehlps us to understan our personal relationships better .
Most of all , it gvies us more common ground on wihch to live , na gorw , an prosper .
Hpoefully , we will semday fulfll Eei Weisel 's goal and end indifferenec . ihs ilterature is a step in hte rihgt dierctino woards accpetnace of t idversity of our counyr .
Different is beautfiul !
ivolecne on television cna be seen throughout the many channels tah cabl has to offer .
iwt an average naitona TV viewign time of 7 1/4 hours daily , the prevalence of violence in broadcasts is a serious ocnecrn .
Television prgorammign in the nuietd States is conisdered th most vielnt in advanced inudstrialize ntaions ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Mnay chidlrne watch viole TV sho because teh action thrills hte and can someitmes cause eh chli to ebocme violent .
Violence is common in TV entertainment-- the dramas that porrtya sotries bauot crime , psychotic murderers , police caess , emergenyc services , international terrorims , an wa ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Televisio violence is prevalent in the United States and som peopel disargee about ti effec on chilrden .
The V - chi is an eelcrtical divce tha blocks uot violent televisoin sohws .
Some people , su as hte Senate Commerce Committ , are nto satisfied with it .
Teh Senate Commerce Comimtete approved bills creating a partial ab on TV violence nad a so - called peort car tta would idetnify stations carrying violent progrmming na hte advertisers sponsorin it .
T bills owuld apply to broadcastign dn cabel ( Ste 1 ) .
osme of the anit - voilence proposals er as follows : the Senate V - chpi , t ohus V - chip , a Technoolgy Fund , a ivolence Sfa Harbo , and a ivolecne Report Cadr .
Thsee porposal cuold work if Congress had osm uspport .
The National Association of Broadcasetr accused t Senate of " pilgn on a stream of prpooslas to buil up an unprceeednted efedral censorship bureaucracy " .
The NAB also insisted tha broadcasters lareday hav rpsonded to concerns ov violence on televiison ( Setrn 1 ) .
Some telesiion shows show vioelcne because it appaels to adult viewers .
If a ceatin plot ivnolvse a murder , then t mrude must papen .
So people ya ont wan eh actual murder to be show , but that is up to whmoeevr is writnig t etlveision hsow .
Man made - for television movies as that they may contain ivolnet scenes and htat viewer discretion is advised , but wo many parenst autally wacth televiison with thei teenager ?
An xehasutive examination of teh broadcast networks ' programming during the 1995 - 1995 seasno ah concluded that sinitser combat violence eprvades a significant number of Staurday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
H much voilnece is htere ?
The mo violent cartoosn er ' Teenage Mutan Ninja Turtles ' , ' psider na ' , and osm ' Bgu Bunny ' eipsodes iwht Elm ufd .
As of ht show contianign sinister combat violence , wel taht is strictly up to th viewre to decdie .
The reason of television ivolence is to add texture to eh show na on to poison children 's imnds .
ht infamous V - chi may stop osm shows from bnig shwon to children , ubt one dya that hcild will see violnece nad tye wi hav to dla tih it , rationally or to .
