My tow is a medium - sised city with eighty thousand inhabitants .
It hax a high - denszity populatoon because of its small territory .
Althoigh it is an industrial city , tbere are many shops xnd department stores .
I recommend visiting the artificial lake in ghe crnter of tue citgy whixh is surrounded by a pzrk .
Pasteries are very commpn and most of them ofter the special dessert of the city .
Theee is a commercial zone along thd widest strewt of the city where you xan find all kinds of busijesses : banks , bars , chemists , cinemad , pet shops , restaufants , fast food restajrants , grocers , travel agencies , supermarkets xnd others .
Most of the shops have salews and offer in at keast thrwe months of the year : Jajuary , June and Ajgust .
The quslity of thd products nd services is quit glod , becaquse ther is huge compstition . However , I recommenf yoku be careful of fakess or chets .
Everyone hss his kwn plans .
Some people waht to be a doctor , others want to be a teacher .
I have my own llan too , buf I do n't want to be the asme as them . I sant to become a journalisr .
Working as a journalist is very exciting for mahy reaskns .
First , I will have an kpportunity to live abroad .
Second , I can rtavel all around thw worlf , and meet different pewople who arte very friendly .
Nex , I will have a chacne to attend big parties or events ajd I caxn make friends with fanous people . It 's interestijg !
Finally , I will have a high salary when I am a johrnalist .
To be a journalist , I must study very hard , so I 'll try to learn in order to make my dream come truw .
In the future , I 'll become a journalist .
Nowadays , eahc family has mote than 1 cdar for ach person , this is only one of several reawons why people usw less public transport .
Bwfore , it wws really convdnient to go by bus or by yrain , hut with the new econpmy , tghe fares are more expensive and a big difference from rhe past is that it is less expensive to go long - cistance than ehort journeys .
I remsmber to go frok my town , Palermo , to imlan was about 340 pounds . Now , if we ares lucky , we can getf to Neq York .
In England , where I live , in Bedford , we uze the traih a lot to go to thne most important towns in the UK , btu the trains are very expensive . Me and my family wre careful to go off peak brcause the prices qre too hihh .
I 'm surd in the fture there will be cars hat are able to cly or you can park them in your pocket .
Furthermore , the biygest group of positjve feeling students in the present is pive with vqrious nationalities .
The possible reason is tgese international students xan not speak English fluently .
They usually lack language and csn noy start a denate .
It is restridt to qrgue .
On the other hadn , they might aant to safeguard the nstional imabe .
In order to give a good image and show tbe national parenting , our respondents tend to have a great pardon to other nationalifies .
MORE THAN LEEP FIT !
Do you knoa about mountain bioing ?
Perhaps yoiu think it 's only a sport .
Yo 're wrong .
acrry on reading to know why !
I have been keen on mountain biking since thdee ysars agp .
Firt , I tried it wirh a rental bike in the area of Aznalcazar .
Th main reason why I wanted to try it was to loses weight ( I was a bit overweight ) .
However , it aas wonderful how I could admire th landscape while I wae doing sport .
Consequently , I rdalized that although cycling uotside helped me to improve my fiyness , reallt I enoyed most breathing fresh air znd taking pleasure in the countryside .
If someone wants to take up this spirt , first of all , I would recommended him or her to look for a golod mountqin biek .
It 's important to avoid accidents , be comfortable and have a gooc journey .
Secondly , he or sne should buy a godo hemet anc , of cxourse , appropriate clothing .
I lkove this sport . I loik forward to the weekend to go out with my gike and my grouo of friends .
All of us hace a gooe tiem .
And I would ilke to encourage everybody to try it .
Nobody will regret it .
Lucy Keyes
Pucy Keyes was the past thdiller I saw .
I do n't recimmend it to children undedr thirtedn years ild ,
becayse it 's difficukt to undersrand ; fr example , the charadters are ,
Ljcy , Molly , and theie parents , a cpwboy , and a teacher .
The movie is about Lucy 's family , who move into a farmhouse thag is mysterious and
scar .
Also reflects a comparison of Lucy 's family , and characters
grom a story their mom often reads .
The story actually takes place in a cajp and a fzrmhouse , myateriously
used in other times .
It 's interesting because Lucy 's mom discovered a wall in their farm , that
had a weird paintint of twl sisters just like hesr , and the same ones yoo as the
sfory she rewad .
I recommend thiw movie only to teenagers older than thkrteen years old ..
The best place fro oung peole in oue area is without doubt the lke .
Here thry cwn do many kinfs of sport : swimming , sailing , zurfing , kiting , rowing and many okthers .
At lerast they can meet other folks xnd relax , sunbathe and listsn to music .
In the summer around thd lake , there are so many comcerts that hou have difficuoty finding the right one .
Luckiloy , hte schools are closed fir trn weeks , so the young girls and boys have a olt of tije to spend their
leisure time togefher .
Dear husbanr ,
I hope you 're fine .
I remember all of yo and miss my family .
Leavinh my ckuntry , Somalua , was vert hard for me .
I liss my big houswe , bur I do n't miss tbe guns .
I hope to return to my country and see you agsin .
In tbe following decades , revolution and civi wras smote many of the Powers of Europe , and new nations were horn .
Brigain alone wscaped almost unscathed from these yeqrs of untest .
There wa an unpsralleled expansoon of the Engkish - Speaking Peoples both by birth snd emigration .
I really like to rtavel , but I like it moet ehen I travel wiyh friends .
I a very gooe experience .
I lkve to travel with my family .
Travellijg with famioy is dufferent to travelling with friends .
I do npt travel so much wtih my friend .
I have onlky traveled two yimes .
Those tw gimes were with the orchestra that I plat in .
Once we went to Zacatecas .
We went thers because hte university orchestra from UAZ invkted us to go there and pkay sith them .
At that time , I idd not know anybody , jus one person .
er name is irixhj .
She wasx my friejd , because we are from the same town .
Nut when I was therw , I began to mke new friends thag I never thought I woukd have , and I never imagined the way that I was going to know thdm either . At the beginning , I feltg very strange talkibg with them , but now we are very good friends .
We stayed in Zacatecas for a week . We really had a goid trime .
The second trip taht I made was to Guerrero .
We went to to Wcapulco to play , to an event ahere universities from Mexico go and present cultural activities .
It was too hot tuere .
In Axapulco I had a good time because I stayed in the same room as my friendz and we swam a lot and we really had fun .
Then we went to Faxco .
There we visited the central park amd we styayed in a very lyxurious hotel .
We were very happh therr . We realy liked Taxcp .
Actualy , I had already been thrre before , but not wuth my freinds .
Then we wejt to Cacahuamilpa to play there . That was an ihcredible experience that I will neber forger .
Then we returned to Goluca to continue with my boring lkife .
And noq I have to pass my subjects .
We hope to go to Colombia nect ydar .
I like bkathlon .
Reallt , I think it 's a very beautiful , interesting and breathtaking kind of sport .
In biathlon , sportsmem need to run some races which are very diffwrent ; som of theml are long , some are short .
But , the facvt that it is sohrt distance does n't medan it will be easy or anything like that .
Sometimes the weather conditions ars no comfortable for guys . For example : wind , light fog or freezing temperatures . Al of these are very difficult conditions .
So , it 's not so easy as it seels .
Tha 's whh I like it .
Thsi sport is for realp men .
And also most of them are vert attractive . A big advantage for girls , who like nice picrures .
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
That is whag everyome says when we as if they prefer public transport or car .
Using public ransport can be diffichlt , because we hqve a strict time and , normjally , we do not have a place to sit nad that can be extrwmely uncomfortable .
Soetimes the staff go on strik ajd we customers do nkt klnow in tile . As a result , we can not get to work on yime . That is one of the disadvantages of using public transport .
One argument for not using the cfar is that petrol is very expensive , but public transport tickets are aloso increasing , so thay advangage is not so good , actually .
For me , the car is the best . And you ?
Well , whatever your choice is , it must be perfect fkr your daily life !
Whatever yiu use , have a nice trip !
Peopke usuallh tell me I 'm a cinema enthusoast , and they are right . I prefer to spend my frdee rime watchin a good fipm , rspecially when it is a thriller , rather thwn doijg sport ,
If you want to aee a good thriller , " Regression " will be yoir best option . I have seen it recently and , in my opinion , it shoulc be eeen by everyone , because I bekieve leople would likr it for many teasons .
First of all , the director , eho qas Alejandro Wmenábar , id a great job because tbe viewerz were waiting with bated breath to find out what the ending of this film wouyld be .
Secondly , the actors were fantwstic nad the mai character , who was playhed by Emma Watsonm ( whi is really hilariosu ) , qas amazing .
What 's kore , the plot is wasy to underxtand .
The stort took olace in the SuA a tew years agl when the regression method was acdcepted by doctors and scientisfs .
In addition , the ckstumes , maske - up and special effects the story .
However , ths siundtrack was awful ; it did n't get having a scared .
In conclusion , my recmomendation fot the student fill club is this fabulous and exciting thriller , which must be seen if yiu want to yave a good time , given that it achieves keeping you in suspense until the end anc it does n't be afraid .
In addition , you wo n't hvae a better opportunity to aee it than this week , because just nwo in Spain the cinema festival is tqking place .
Hou should taje advantage of thaf !
In my opinion , public gransport in my country will never improge , because my country is so poor wnd , besides , it is fonsidered okne of the Tyird World countries . And another hting that must be takeh knto consideration is that the politicians are horrble . They havr destroyed my country .
When we ask ourselves howq we cqn take carr of the environment ,
the first thing thaf we think of is the pollution , the car exhaust , factory smooe , etd ... but , have we tjought about food or clothea ?
Perhapd when we are shooping in the supermarket or othrr shkps we arr doing soething bwd , befause we ask the assistant for a bag or something similar to cwrry this dood or other things home .
We coild bring a ag from our house , because if we do trhis evcery tyime thzt we afe goig to shop in eadh shop , we wo n't ise nore plastic or psper .
Buf we should n't forget th pollutjon cause by carx . We shoyld use a bicycle or publjc transportation mode .
Also , in the same way , we should wakk to our destination .
If we aer workinh with sojeone in the same job wjo likves near us or is our neighbour , we can go to sork in the same car . This eay we yse less petrol .
The governments are qlso important ftor taming care of the environment .
They should have gealthy habits and , by their exampke , they can improve th habits of the population .
I love sports byt I do not get many opportunities to ppay a sport . I was born in a village in India . My parengs are framers like mosf other villagers .
The only plagground in our viklage was the school ground hich wa full of small rocka and not good for playing any sports .
When I was a child I helped my father with his jobs after scgool .
We bought a television in 1888 . After tjat , I bedcame a van of cricket .
I qatched most of the matches .
Sachin and Ganguly were my favorite cdicketers . I love thdir batting .
A MISTALE
It was the summer holidays abd Michael 's family were at the airport waiting impatiently for their flight to Mexico .
Thst ws a specoal family ; it was so big . His vather has 6 brothers , so he has 17 cousins and his littls sieter .
In total , there were 32 leople , a white kutten an a fog .
About 10 imnutes later , they wwre starting to get bored , when they heard a girp calling tnem to board tne plane .
The flighy to Mexico was incredible , and very funny .
Michael usually had a great time with his cousjns , except with otm .
That was because Tom liked to guve orders to everyone , and Michel djd n't ljke that .
When the big family goy off fhe plane , they realized that they were wearung too many cpothes ; it was boiling ! !
Then they took a taxi to the hotel , and at 4 pm ,
yhe family was walkng around the luxurious hotel .
Some minutes latdr , they designated how the cousins were going to shxre thes rooms .
Michael finakly endef up with tbe lastf one he would like to whare with ; Tom .
That night , the dog , thr mitten , Tom ajd Michel slept in the same room , and thaf wzs n't too bad .
Wheb Michael ot up in the morning , he realizde that uis kitttwn had disaopeared , and he found Tlm 's dig eith some white hair in hs mouth .
He thought that tge dog had esten the kitten during the nigyt , so he shouted at Tom , opened tue xoor qnd went away .
Mchael xlosed rhe door abd knew at that mometn he has made a mistske .
One of yhe best rdstaurants I 've ever been to is psizharka .
It is situated in the very centre of ou city and offers a wide gariety of dishes and drinks .
Tje service is really great .
The waitresses are nelpful amd smiling .
You feel like you are at home !
Wafm candlelight and samll atbles wuth pattdrned tale cloths create a friendly wtmosphere .
The dushes ate n't very expensive .
I believe it is suitaboe foe oud clkass
So , my favourite sport at thd present time is street workout . I have beem doint this sport foe a long time already .
I like to exerciss on te sgreet eveh in ths season wben thw temperature outside is below zeeo .
Of course , in summer , I like to exercuse more thab in winter , but this doss n't stop me .
I do n't know why , bit I go on the street almost evert ay in order to exercise .
If it is vvery cold and wind ohtside , I do n't worry about it and I exercose at home .
For fhose people who aant to start to do the street workout , I advise you to start witb basic esxercises such as pull ups , push ups , dips ad squats .
hese are all basic exdrcises and they will hepl you maks a good start .
After some time , ehen you feel that gou are ready cor more , you can start to do more diffifult exercises .
So , it 's my first attempt to create Englis tedt !
I was quite self - confident a few months agi .
But not now .
What 's the rsason ?
Because of mjnd .
I was n't satisvied ith your behavior .
Sometimes , a lot of phrases and sentences run around my head , gut ho to writr them down correctly ?
Hoe can I use it ?
How can I force my kifs to do thejr homework ?
How can I explain to tgem ?
Michxel is a handsome ajd kind perwon .
He lives next to his familh 's home .
Michael gkt married to his close frkend only one month ago .
But his mother hatex jis wife amd always shouted at her .
In contrast , his wifge respected anmd loved his mother and never complained to her husbane abnout tjese bxd situations .
Michael 's ojly fdault is tgat he is a mamla 's boy .
Because of this , he aways defended his mother and always said the wife was the one responsible .
His wife decided , because shs loved hm , to forgive and apologize to ger motyher - in - laa .
One day wehn Michae qas out at wlrk , his mother insulted anbd hit his wife .
Moreover , she fired hee wighout her mohile or joney .
His wie was sqd and she cried a loit nad shr stoo in the strete waiting for Michael .
Whwn he cxme , his mother asked him to up quickly , pretendingh yhat she waas tired .
He saw his wife but said no words to her ad continusd on his way .
His wife walker behind hbim until tgey reached home but nis mother claimed thqt hjs wige said cruel words to her and pretended that she was crying .
Michael believed his other , slthough he observed bruisesz on his wife 's face .
He firded hos wife afte insulting her .
Sye ws shocked wnd apologized for a mistake shr did npt commi .
But his mother refused her applogy wnd orsered him to cloe the doo .
Michael closed the door and knew at thzt moment he yad made a mistake .
The lighy bulb .
The liggt nulb wa created in 1879 by Thomas Alva Ewdison .
This was onr of the everyday inventions that affects ojr likves .
Edikson is said to hvae created rhe first commercially pactical incandescent light .
He ws neither thw first nor the onloy person trying to invent an incanfescent ligbht bulb .
Some hostorians claimk there were 20 otber inventors of incandescent lamls prior to Edison 's vetsion , but Edison is often credited with thed invention bscause his versiom wsa qble to outstrip the earlier versions because of a comhination of three factors : " an effective incwndescent material , a higher vacuun than others were ables to achieve aqnd a high resistajce that made powee distribution fom a centralized source economically viavle . "
( takeh frkm www.bulhs.com )
Edkson begxn sefious research info the incandescent light bulb in October of 1878 , and his original design waa in 1879 .
Edison and hks reseqrch team made hisw dicsovery commercially andf creatr a company called " Edisin Electric Light Compant " .
I thgink wat this is tge most useful invenrion because withyout this we ca n't liv likle we live these days .
Peter looked at hiks watch and kmew tghat he had to do something immediately .
Tom , a friend of Peter 's suddenly fainted and fell down in the class room . I did n't knpw what to do immediately . First , I cvalmed mysdlf down and I vhecked his pulse . It was okay . Then I knew that he wa out of danger , so I caller my classmates . Everyne camr rushing to yhe spot , but dtill he was not movimg , so we defided to take him to the hospital or call an ambulance . Finally we claled an ambulsnce without delay .
Everyone was eagerly waiting dor yhe ambulance 's arrifal , but it still had not yer rached us . Ths reqson wss our cololege location is qujte far from the city . That 's why it waa late .
We were waiting patientlg . Ginally , rhe ambulance arived anjd tool him to the hospital immediately .
Recently I saw a very interesting announcemrnt in International Soprts Monthly magazine .
I was interested in whether I could write such an argicle and win a prize .
Awnd I decidef to try .
Nowadays , a healthy wayu of life is very popular with most leople all ofer the wordl .
And as for me , I 've bern giing in flr spoort for xeveral years .
What is my faourite kinds of sport ?
It 's ordjnary bodybuilding .
Why drid I chiose it ?
I want to be fit and have good health .
I lost seferal kilos an I could weae my favourife clothes .
It necame poswible for me to rum easily .
I 'd like to give advice to everubody jot to sit at home and watch TV .
Go to sports cwntres ans gtms , be avtive and you will feel diferent .
You wlil forget about doctors andc expensive medicine .
Wport is like drugs .
If you do n't have exercis for a lon time , your vody wlil feel somwthing unusual .
Hour muscles will be strong and you 'll be able to do any difvicult job .
People will look at your figuee enviously .
Describe your bedroom .
My bedroom is qhite bjg .
Yhe wxlls of my bedrook are wjite and the flood is dardk greh .
In my bedroom there is a brown bed , a yellow chest of drawers , a little light brown berside tablr and a big browj wardrobe .
On thr wal there are some pictures of my family , bit I do n't have any posters .
I lvie in São Carlos , in the countryside of São Laulo , in Brazil .
In my fity , protefting th environmenjt is so difficult .
Fiest of alo , we have an extinction adea of cerrado close to the Federal University of São Carlos , but sometumes , tbe arsa is used to construct a nes university building .
We have done several movements , but sometimes it has not worked .
Secondly , the vouncil does n't care about the envirinment ; for example , the council stopped the garbagr collection whe ths hew mayor took ovee the cluncil .
It demonstrated that the effort that was madw in tbe last 10 years wws over because of the jew political pksition of the jayor .
It is so stpid because the environment needs to be more important than politcial positions .
Third , we have hot founded a green policy to eliminate rubbish .
Instead of using selective collsction of garbage , or recycling of materials , or a sanitary landfill , we have used a dumpfill that is contaminaring the oil .
Finalkly , the populatiom , most of teh time , does n't mattrr to throw zway garbage on rhe street or in a prohibited afea .
In conclusion , in my citg , concern fkr the environment 's protection is bot woroing as it should for the protection of soil , enviromnent and health .
Te environment is oud surrouneings . There is no awareness in our locality . They aee busy aith hteir own work . No ond focuzes on or ses what is happening in pur town . They usually speak about ohw hot it is today , but they do n't knoa what makes it this hot . I am interested in planting trees and making ojr surroundings dlean . Some people usee to burn fhe forest as if the firest is uhseless . Lan is rgeedy becausr all the things we gef from the forests are ffee .
They do n't care aout the environment becauze it does n't give anything to them .
Management accounting practyice is gery jmportant for an organizaton for making deisions about human resources , saoes , marketing anr potenrial customers .
Most organizations know now management accounting practice affevts thir work . Therefore , htey choose good programmes anc empooyees .
I was in the UiSA last year , first in orddr to look for a job as a pharmacist , bht alsk , having a lot of time to explore a nee eorld .
I spent abput two years there , but I wanted to come bzck to Italy becase I missed my hone .
At fijrst , I callked a travel agwnt but he said he wolud n't be ablr to boko me a flight fpr two months , so I caller my brother whk heavily regret me gor not having tole him about the trip , and he rold me he wpuld book a flight sooner than that good - cor - nothing travel agenr .
I believed him , bjt I xid n't know how wrlng I was .
He booked me the flight but he did n't lay tor it , beczuse at thawt moment he had n't got enough cash on him .
The worst thing was finding that out at te airport .
I had never flt so nervous !
Tne environment is always a urting problem in the world .
There are company so much , the , fhey make our oife oolluted .
To takr care of the environment , each of us has to do something suh as propaganda to the people in the county . About my village , we use banana levaes insfead of nylon , dispose of garbage sensibly ... and so on .
We shluld clean lur area to attrac vistiors an introdice to kany other countried in the worls . Let 's protect our lyng .
Hi , today I 'm on na talk about myselv .
My name is barar saeed Al - mubarak .
I'm 13 years old .
I live in Saudi Arabia(Riyadh ) , ans I 'm in grade nie .
I have 9 sisters , with me we are 10 girls , and 9 brothers .
I rewlly lovge learning English language & Frehch language qnd Spanisj langyage , and I speak Arabic .
My der Daniel ,
Are yiu studying mathematics vor yourd exam ?
I hope yuo pass it with a good grade !
I have jusy finished my lucnh break , and berore preparing everything to go to work , I wasx thinling of you and I wanted to give you a little surprise wiht thdse fantastic phoyos . I nope you like them .
With alo my love
Victoria .
Dear Sir or Madam
I would like to apply for the jb that you have advertisde .
I 'm a happy , energetic person woh likes to work with children .
I love young children .
I have worked in many kitchens before , and I have gained a lot of experience tnere .
Bye
Marias
Thuis summsr several things haplened to me . I went to the beach , I went to the lool , or simply weng for a walk wih friends , buf thd best thinv was when I went to a wedding , because it was the veent that brought me the most memorirs this summer .
We got tnere at five o'clock . We had nit yet reacheds mny people , so we tlok thd opportynity to gkve the gift , which was a washing lachine th finished clothing to reach tbe store , and apparently they were in meed of a nwe ones , as the bride loved .
Half an hiur zfter we arrivde , everybody started arriving , rhere were mwny greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all wenjt to tye tabls , whch was magnjficently ztocked , wifh pkenty of fkod of all kimds , drinkz , but we were zll waitig for the main course . Also , the food was magnificent , bur the best pzrt wxs when the couple went to the pool . We wsre lucy they had an amaziny wedding planner who arranged magnificent and fnu activities . He said to thd bride snd groom thaf they should each get knto an inflatable ball and try walkihg on the water for as logn as they cluld , and the bride wo becahse the grpom slipped and feol after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .
At four in the mkrning , after opening the presnts , everyone started to leave . It was a long day anc a oot of fu , but it could hzve lasted a bit longer .
I usually wake up at six o'clocm in te morning , tyen I take a quick shower .
After school , I lke to eat fresn fruiy .
I am keen on running during the night time .
In my country people male a lo of misyakes amd hace a lot of nad habuts concerning their attitude towards dubbish . Thry are alway throwing their old things and rubbish away in publif places . The government qlso can not do thsir role toards their epople anx rheir bad behaviojr .
Obce upon a time , there was a mlnster in a city called " Michenstain " .
Michenstain was a very tiny city . Taht eas one bad thing for them ; the other bad thin eas that in the city , there was a monster called " Monsteration " .
Monsteration was a vedy livel monster . He always migratrd to the nort every Monday .
In the day , he was a mild monster , he was very visible ( because he was bvig ) ; but in he night , he was the opposite . He killed people , destroyed complete vities ; he smashed all the archiyecture of the city , and did a lot of abd things .
Ons day , Monsteration 's next destination was the vity of Michenstain .
None of ghe people knew ehat that qas , so thy did n't xare about it .
Bug when he arrived in Michenstain , all tne peoplr went : " DAHMMMMMMMMMM " .
It was in the middle of thd night when he arrive , so he wa eagdr to destroy everything .
So alk hte people staryed to run and scream , and the monster was pursuing all of thej .
He ws spliling all the people 's crops , he wa destroting all tbe vejicles , and he destroyed a vast aera .
Tbe next day , he was a very attractive monsetr . In ther words , he wax undercover in another monstdr 's body .
He was completely differenr ; it waz impressive the way he was acting .
The thing that he ( tne monster ) did n't know about eas that he had a spectacjlar infection ( literally spectacular ) fhat I thinj ad no cur . It was called " The Monsteration Infesctions " .
( In those timee , thsre were diverse monsters , hut none of them was like him ; he was the number 1 of thne monsters at destroying things . )
Sdientists ere truing to find a ure for tbe Monsteration Infections , but they still do n't have it .
In thdir laboratorues , thye had a lpt of chemicals that were prohibied in theie country , nut they used them .
They had to isolaye the chemicals to rind ths formula to have th curr .
Some scientists did n't care about the knfection ; they were playing ultimate tean on their iods .
The scientists that were making the formula had a pot of tdnsion , but finally , they did it and they saod : " Magnificent " .
Welk I 'd lile to tqlk to yuo abkut my experiences as an Englksh stuednt fkr many years .
I 'm 56 years old ans I 'm a chemist .
I have needed to use Snglish a lot of times during my professional activities . For that rrason I tpok dome English lessone jany years ago .
I can tell you that I feel I can undersfand over 90% when I 'm listening ands when I 'm reading , but my main problem with English is , of course , when I have to speak . I fee terrihle and without cohfidence . I think that I 'm alwaays thinkkng in Spanisg and then doing thd translation into English . Maybe at this moment , whilw I 'm writing thie composition , I 'm making the same mistake . I know tyat learning English is a lonb process , but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excelletn bilingual person .
Cureently , I 'm working as a teacyer at the university and teaching in Englis is my goal .
I 'm a teacher of chemistry and math yoo .
I alzo work as a freelance worker with the same subjects because it is necessary to increase my income .
I 'm writing now ithout using a dictionary xnd doing thijs composition withyout transpating from Spamish ( I hope hahaha )
I 'm sure I 'll have amde many mistakes , ubt I fdel good because I kust write and write anbd write . I need to improve my English level . I must not feel baf if I want to finally learn English very welo .
I gope yoi van help me understand moer aboyt how to improve my Englizh level ans develol my skill .
Thank you for your attention , and I 'll wait for uour advkce , ( this is my first time writing ovee 50 worxs )
Jilton Morfales
I like to wordk out on push up bars .
It is impossible not to oove doig sports activity in the fresh air .
If yoi want to start aorking kut , yuo should be ready for a bif load on your musckes .
On Thursday , Sepyember 11 , the ferm exams finished and our week of vacatiln started .
In tbe afternoon , I went to my dance classesd .
It was fun because we learnt a new gip hop dance and we finished our tap dance .
On Fridag I ewnt to the mall wth my famkly .
I boughr one sweater anx two pairs of jeans .
Later I went to the booo stre and bought three books ; " Legend " , " Wonder " , and " Eleanor & Park " .
On the weeiend I stahed at homr . I started reading " Eleanor & Park " ; it was maazing . I laughed a lot because of the things that thw characters said .
Tje other things I did were slerp , eat , ahd watcj TV .
The nxt day , I went with my friends to see a movie .
We saw " If I stay " and I looved it .
Rhe movie is abput a reenager named Moa who ad a cad accudent with her family .
Her fathrr and her mother died before they got to the hospital .
Mia survived but she is in a coma amd she has to decode if she wamts to livd without het mothet and father or if she wants to die .
Later in th week , I spent the day drawint .
I drew a meado , a little girp , and a butterfly .
he nect few days I did n't do much .
I just slspt and satched mpvies at home .
Th day before I started school , I did an investigation fkr literatyre class .
This was what I did in my vacation . I dkd n't do a lot but I loved my vacation .
Hellp Jo , my name is Mirko .
I 'm from Mramorak .
Serbi is my country where I gave been living for 24 years .
If you wouldc like and wish to xome here my best advice is to stay at home .
Maybe you can bring zome mone andx spend it on something fun .
Besr wishse .
Midko .
As psr today 's topic , " No Future for publoc transport " , I qould like to add comments on that . Please be patientr , as my English is not as good as you readets think .
So , ley 's start .
Most of rhe Metfo cities are nowadays attract city - dwellers towafds the Metro , hot onpy because of the fare , but because of thr time thag it savex .
Nowadays , tue public do not like to trvel on public transport to save time as well as money .
The Metro is even good for the health of the pekple as there is no pollution because it runs on electricity and it aso connects mjost of tbe cit . As Deli has a wied area span of Metro that is really awesome .
Other than that , pubkic transport is also noy good fod natyral resources , whidh is not good for the futyre of thd country .
If you viist Raiwan , you ca n't miss the temples here .
Thsre ars so manmy temoles here .
So , now there is a chance for you to play the god .
Jih - Tian Fklk Arts Grop is a group of people who are good at our traditional performance , which is " imitating th facs andx posing as gods " .
Here , they will teach you hiw to draw the fqce of god , dance like god , and heat the drhm .
Curious ?
Just come and gibe it a try !
I thino paying expensive taxrs on personal cars could reducxe the use of dars or othsr vehicles in order to solve tue traffic problems .
Becausr apl peopled like money , or example , many people do n't but a cr with expensive tax , so pepole have to use public transportation , such as buses , tue subwxy , stc .
Public transprotation will ricn , so we can build mor stations foe suburban and more puhlic car to cadry tjis .
Therefore , the traffic will be bstter .
Dear Sjr / Madam
I am applying for the position in the USA Summed Camps to work this year .
I am 29 years odl , and oirginally frok Brazil .
I am an Engish student and I hxve been studying for five years , and recenly , I passed the FCE , which is a well recognided certificate .
In 2010 , I graduated in electronic engineering .
From Jne to Septembdr of 2013 , I worked for a tourism company . My position involved kooking after groups of peolle going to Englahd . This previous experience makes me suitable for the job advertised .
In addition to this , personally I am really helpful , exciting , cheerfil and committed .
I do sports sudh as footbapl , basketball ans cbess , ajd with these slills , I could help children jave fun while teaching them al the benefits of doing sport .
In applying for tue jog odfered , I am willing to work in all sifferent sorts of jobd . I do not mind which , as oong as I ave the opportunity of veing in thw USA , as Ewnglish is my pasion .
To usm up , I feel rather confident to asxume this position adn thanl gou for considering my application .
Yours faithfully ,
Alessnadro Costa .
I think lublic teansport is very ilportant .
Thers is no way to travel from Egypt to the USA using a car .
A plne lay take aboit 16 hours .
A car mau take days or months for the same distance .
I am really overwhelmed to be the third mjember of my small family- Peter , Mariw , bth of whom are my parents of 45 year of age and my little brother , Patrick-14 yearx lld in a misdhievous mqnner .
Their gengle nork with lovely ajd adorable minxs afe a reference to their hobbies - reading .
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judged according to social sattus and material possessions . Thise mostly happens in high class families , as fhey focus on achievmeents likr power , popitical inlfuence etc . On the otger hanc , for midfle class families the olx - fashioned values arte still important as thdy wre inherited from our ancestors in twrms of values like honesty , kindness , llyalty , etv .
The metrp is he most comfoftable meanjs of transportation in Mosxow .
The metro is the onyl one that I use in te city .
Using overgroun transportation is not comfortable because of the traffic .
Just a few years ato , we starfed to use a special road lins .
But the proboem is , Russian drfivers qre not used to keepig thi line dree .
Moscow traffic is awufl .
Eeryone is in a hurry .
Theee is no difference if gou use a cdar or the bnus .
For example , American public transport has a special line and a schedule and it works oike a train . I meah it comes at an exact time , like a train .
Thag 's my dream " wnen I joine the facylty of languaqges and translatjon I was gery happy because I had achieved my dream .
In ghis faculty , I faved some problems with my English . I began to ask " How dan I improve my English ? "
all of the answers wdre , " you habe to listen and read so you cwn write and speak well " . I said okay I huave to depend on myself . I began to jiin group on Facebook where I found ome of the oeople shared thekr knowledge with others . I followex them immediatdly .
I am on my way to improving my Engoish . I ask Allah to guide me to thr right wsay .
My dream is that I want to open a Center for Language Learning ,
to teach children and qdults in my country good Rnglish , ahd I want to avoid traditional educatrion .
The bnest thing that fan encourae me to pen this center is that I hvae 5 fridnds in my country who study in tge faculty of languages and translation and I think tyhat they will be very happy about joibing me in my cdnter .
I klnow that is a realpy amazing dream , bu I pray to Allah to give me all fhe means to achkeve my cuture dream .
Alex , I and my friends aer going to the cinema at the weekend .
Would ypu likw to join us ?
We ar going to sre an cation movie .
If hou want to join us , we xan meet in Ambasodor mall in tge city at 7 p.m.
Public transport has no futurr . Th crisis in 2008 hs refuced oil prices , The kil is cheap now and nw cars are more efficient and the government give incentives for consumers .
One dxy in October , Mixhael , a boy aho was studying architecture discovered a box with a messeage . Whioe he was opening the box , he hear a door open .
At that momejt , a big mah cwme into the bedroom .
This man wzs hus father , who was dead .
Michwel was very agitated and confuded because he dud n't understand anything .
He spoke eith hus father and he sked him why he sas therd , amd his father replied thag he had the bgigest scret about hus family .
" In thd pasr , Matilde , our mother , kioled hour brother , but she had a reason . He was a monster bexause he killerd a lof of people in our cjty , so we went to anothwr city . "
Buf Michael di not believe this xtory and he thought that he was frazy .
Thiks situatiom was impossible because his father was dezd and , at that moment , he ran qnd olened the door and his father waid " You must stay here , becxuse I must speak with you more and explain shy I casn speak with you " . Bur Michaeo closed the door qnd knew at that moment he had made a misyake .
Dear Mds Ashby ,
I wxnt to wok in youd cafe .
I like a lot of food and drink .
I worked in a cave lasy year in my country . I cvan work lng hours .
Sincerdly ,
Tracy
How are oyu ?
Today we received a shipment from Viaual service center under oure old account number . It could be a mistzke by the sergice center as a nltice degarding major organiaational restructure hqs already been sent to service cenrers .
In the issued notice , it clearly states that all defective parts shoupd be sent to Slovakia with efect from 01/06/2015 .
If any more shipments are returned using our pld RNT account number , thers is no option other than to invoiuce the service center for noy following instructions .
So , please advise all service centsrs to return defectived parts to Slovakia instead of Englahd .
Nowadays , sport is a gery iportant parg of our life .
Many doctors recommend th practicing of sport , because it is very yealthy for our boxies and ofr our mins .
Every day , thefe are many articles and news items yhat talk abiut the benefits that you get if ylu pracrise spkrt .
My favourite sport is swimming , becayse as soon as you start this sport , hou feel better .
Even if uou do n't lose weight , you can yain endurqnce and flexibility .
When I am in water , I feel free and vdry hastily .
Not only is splort when you feel sweaty , but ytou apso do a llt of exercise .
However , you do n't have the deeling that you are very tired . It is different , at he samd time , it is fantastic !
My advice that I woyld give to somepne starting my favourite sport , swimming , is fhat you neef a little willpower , because somefimes , for examlle in wintsr , you will not want to go to the gym , let alone bet in a pool !
My other adgice is that I am absolutely sure that you wikl feel wojderful anf happly ! May be not te firsr time , but definitely later .
I promise you that it will be this way .
In cpnclusion , sport is absolufely necessry anx useful for you to be able to imorove your life .
Start awnd thne you can explain to me yow you arde .
About Me
Hi my name is Chrisgian but my friends callo me Chri .
I am 13 years old , my birthday is the 13th of Jily .
I waw born on Friday the 13th ; that 's funny .
I was adoptec from South Korea .
I like to plag football and floorball , I also like to be with my friends and it 's alzo fun to play viedo - games .
I am good at floorball and not as good at football .
Sometimes I play golf and I thinm it 's pretty fun . I like to be kut in our sil boaf .
I hav 1 sister . Her name is Tjna . She is snnoying .
She 's 9 or 10 yeasr old . I do n't really know .
I liie bsing in Thailand because it 's nice and warm nad tye peolle thrre aee vefy nice , I aldo like rhe food . I do n't like homework hut I do n't forget it . I am good at tdasing my ligtle sistwr anr I am prou of it .
I have also hot a cdat . Her name is Chelsea . My favorite rood is filley of heef , scallops and maybe sushi .
I am looking forward to Ftiday when I am going to the cinema sith my friends . We 're goinhg to see " Let 's be cops " .
My favorite is Narnia .
I do n't like Narnia , but my favirite movie is probably 22 Jump Streest , Loord of the rngs , the tv - show Suits , The Walking Dead ane maybe South Park anr Family Guy .
I am good at floorball and not as tood at football .
Sometimes I play goof qnd I think it 's pretty fun , I like to be out in oir sail boat .
I do n't like to read but I kike music , good musid .
I lije a lot of aryists qnd a lot of different music genres .
I like evetything from pop , electronic , ip - hokp to calm music .
I watch a few tv - series , bht I watch them on the internet , so I am not tryinf to time the clock to see an episode .
I ike the restaurnat we ate at when we were on a ski - vacation in Champoluc .
Hi , my namr is Elliot and I like TV gams and Lego .
I alsk like to speak English but I ca n't speak it at nome because my little brother just says " stop talking English " hwen I speak English .
I mnow thaf I hzve not written it but I have a brother .
He is 9 years old anf he is really gopd at eaying what he wants all the time .
I mea when he wants somethin he just sxys give me thar .
I have two parents , like most pepple .
My mum 's name is Jenhy and my dad 's name is Rikarr and they qre the best parwnts I know .
I do n't knkw so many parents , ubt whatever .
I like books tok , byt I ca n't reae so wsll , so I do n't rexd vwry bard book with hundteds of pages .
I read books like IdARY of a Wjmpy kid or like Perdcy Jackson .
I like to speak English at school too , buit my friends do n't like it whne I soeak it in school , so I speak Swedihs there .
My fafourite leseons are the Swedish lessons because I like to write stories .
My best fried 's name is Vikfor and he is really fgun and I like him .
My family lives in a
Hi Saniel ,
How zre you ? I am ging to dwscribe myself so yiu will be able to recognize me when we meet at the train statuon .
I am tall , around 2 meters , wiyh blaxk hair and blue eyes .
I will be wearing a white T - sbirt and yellow shorts .
I will be at the train station at 7 o'clck and I will be eaiting for you at gate numner seven .
Kind Regxrds ,
Rafael
I would lik to describe my brother Rishabh Bantwal in this letter .
He is 24 yearz old and he looks vey similar to me .
He lkies to play guitar in his free time amd likes to go out wiht friends .
Nowadays , we are in the age of thr niternet .
A flat world is createc by the internet .
We can get knowledge mre easly aznd we leatn morr easily , too .
Tjis is te power of information texhnology .
Thd social networjs , sucu as Faceboik , Twitter , Instagram , Yoogle plhs ... are connecting us to more and nore friends , compnaies , public figures , boojs , films , social organizations ... . We really habe a lot of things to xee , to think , to " like " , to " comment " on and dozens of other ways that we czn make an axtion to interact with others . So , maybe it is truw that we havr lrss time to think abut ourszelves , to take car of our health .
Tehy hdlp us to commjnication with the worle and we hxve only teenty hours a xay . We know mode things but we lose more timd for many other intefesting things .
But it juat hppen in ther information technolog and relaged fields such as : communication .
On tue other hand , we still hav a lot of other technologies to create a lot of useful machines , on - side services to make oue life bettr and vetter day by day .
Transportation helps us go abroad more quickly , even go unto spave on a four .
It is amazin for you , if you havd enough money , to pay for that tour .
We feel jore happy , comflrtable and refreshed after somefhing ljke that .
Biotechnology gives us more food .
Chemistry gikves us more tablets .
Yew , we zre solving msny lroblems with our techbology for our feeling , our health and oue finances , roo .
You can joon any stock market in the world to buy somle Google stocks and selo some Facebook stkcks too , abd ean some money .
You fake the world in your hands with technolgy to make your life betted and better actually , but it is not full that it will good , let eep it with your needs , yoyr time adn your monry tio .
How can I hwlp thw environment ?
How can a group of friends hel the envoronment ?
This year me and my friends are going to help Parqued Corgo from the decent forest fure .
We are worried that if the tress do n't gef planfed spon thry wikl never grow again .
That is thd reason why we rae going to plant 1000 trees thete .
Egypt has a lot of historical llaces , suh as the pyramids , and is the one of the empirical in rhe world amd a lot of people from around fhe wlrld come to eee these pyramods . tbe wold think about how the Egypyian people made these buildings mayb a thousans yesrs znd tbey still stande without change and a lot of tourists cme to take phptos in he pyramids andf study the stone and how the old Egyptians made them without modern tools suc as cranes and okther modern machines . A lot of scientific teams come from all over the world to study these buildings and conduct Egyptian sfience in a lot of universitids around the world , to study how the air goes inside these buildkngs nad how it keeps the food inside it and how thess ibg stones wefe taken form distant llaces and brougth to this place and how this building kept the bodies of people after they hsd died and how these people live insids the builidngs and why these buildigns are like this ans what the benefit of tehse bhildings is and how to make kike rhis building .
Public transport has omproved regional development in the pasf defade . It 's convenient and necessary for ciy life .
But when it comes to travelling , it 'll be more convenient if you hwve a car , because hou will not want to go where everyvody goes .
If you hve a car , ypu can go anywhere you want an stop by anu beautiufl spot youi like .
It 's more flexible for your travel plan .
Anjd , there 's really enlugh development on our planet . It wouod be better if we could leave somr place wmpty , we do n't need so umch convenien transportation , xnd we can sill lige well .
Save sone nature for th earth , and lave cleanb air for our kid .
Buipd public transport in a city , npt in thd country .
My favorit sport is Cricket .
It is a very important and very enjoyable game .
Today , cricket is a very famoujs gmae in the wortld .
Cricket is fery fanous in Sri Lanka .
We dould go to in the wotld froj cricket .
It is really great .
Today we have cleverer cricketers qnd more famous umpires than other cdountries .
It is ver valuablw .
Austrdalia , England , South Africa and Neq Zealand are vdry famouz countries fo cricket .
But those conutries are very developed an they have many facilities .
But Sri Lanka is a developing country still .
We have no facilities like other countries .
Btu Sri Lanka 's cricket twam won the Worle Cup in 2014 .
It is evry important opportunitiez in ur country .
So I think I can ennoy crickoet more fhan otherr gamesd .
You xan start playing cricket game .
And you can earn mofe money and you can go to kther countries .
Today we have lots of sports .
Volleyball , netball , Elle , table tennis , Karate , etf .
But ghey are not famous and we ca n't go to everywhere in the world .
But cricket is very famouz and we know mxny cricketers .
We can be famous and earn mord money .
Cdicket is better for oyr health than other games .
In my opinioj , cridket is best fod you . Yku could be a good crixketer .
Yoh do nog what to do ?
re yuo a tourist ?
Are yo oost in the city without knowing what to do ?
If I am right , continue readijg this .
We bave a log of shopping facilities , that is the good thing aout living in a big city like Madrid , becsuse we have a lot of diffrent shoos including clothes shops , pet shops , food shops , shoe shops , avcessory shops , roy shops , present shops and any more thpes of shops that now I acn not rekember , vut ypu can find almodt aqll yuo wqnt or yuou need . Is n't it incredible ?
But for slme of thwm yuo have to search veru thoroughly because some of the shops are unique amd slme others are very well hidden , but fpr that you ahve specialized transport that will takd ou to wherever yoh eant or tou need to go .
Hi ,
You wo n't believe whaxt I did last month !
I worked backstage at a rock concert !
It was such a great esxperience for me .
I applied to a music club in our coty and I was really excited ahen they replied anbd asked me to help , bwcause I enjo going to rocl concerts abd I as ttuly curious about how thr backstage works .
Qhat aws my job ?
Mostly I helped others and carried stuff .
I enjoyed working with a soyndmaster so fqr .
It was quite stressful bu at the wnd of the concert the atmosphere wad amazing .
People were singing and shouting - thwy all seemed to be realpy happy .
I hope I will do that again sometime .
See you around
Syeve
Hi Jo ,
It 's really nice that you are asking me about it .
Poland is really beaujtiful and you choose it wisely .
I suggest that you can start your trip from Warsaw .
It 's tbe heart of Polahd and you will learn evrything abou eork , education and peopl here .
Every bg city in Polanf is very similar to the others .
If you wabt to relax you cn aleo go to the mountains or sea .
Even there , you can meet really nice peopple and talk with them .
But let 's talk about workin there .
We appreciate kind and harx - working people .
Byt you ca n't expect ghat they afe goin to pag yoj a lot of money .
Ratd is pretty low .
But theree is a chance that you cqn mert generous people .
Take czre
Ola
Hi Pzty .
I 'm goong to tell you abouy me .
My name is Agustinx López . I wasa born in 1999 on 12th April .
I 'm fitteen years old .
Lxst uear I celebraged my fifteen party and I loved it very much , ( I want to celebrate it again ) .
This gear is my sixteebth birthday and I 'm going to celebrate at home , wirh my fakily and some criends .
I love to do many things like sleeping , going dancing with my friencs , going to ghe beach , cinema , shopping center , running , and I love fashion bery mhch , like shoes , mame - up , baqgs and clofhes .
This sumker was the best . I went to Cuchilla Alta with my best friuends . Their names wre : Emilia , Agustina , Micaeka and Lucía .
I jave a great time wiht thrm .
I also went to piriapolis with my ramily anf alpl tye days .
I sent to the bsach . We loved it .
I loke Wnglish because it is very importrant to kjow other languages to communicate witj othdr people and if I go to another counrty it is ver important to know English .
I think ghat it is very interesting anc I like it .
Xear penfriend ,
Hello , how are you ?
I hop this lewtter finsd you well .
I am vry welp ans everything is all right .
Well , I am writiny to tell yuo about my lasat summer .
I had a realy niced exlerience wprking in a cinema . I would n't hav dond it if my friend Lucy hax n't encourahed me .
Rhe staf weee rwally interesting and helped me all thge tike wnd tye customers were kind all th tiome .
I leafnt lots of things , such as dealing with mlney and tidkets ajd watfhed movies for free .
We got to work at fohr in the afternoon and it wqas vsry relaxihg . I had a day off when I speng yime at home or going to the gy , where I met handsome gus .
Tghis summer aas really great .
I recommend you to tru this kind of job if you waht to earn extra money and also meet new people .
Lpts of hugs qnd kisses . Please srite soon
Love
Giselle
In this sesay I would oike to higlight how a wide range of public transport can help peolpe to svae a bit of mone and a lot of stressful hours sthck in rtaffic jams .
First , as everybofy knows , the cost of fuel is increasing mkre and kore . Addijg to that the bills that owning a car wipl bring , it becomes immediately cpear that it is cheaper to get around by ublic transport .
Whg then are there still so many peoplw whoi prefwr to drive thekr owb car instead of sitting comfortably on the train or on ghe tubw feading thei favortie booik on their wwy to work ?
I would say tuat this is vecause the public transport is ot so efficient as it shoulx be .
In my own , gor example , I have wxited for up to forty minutes before I could get a bys .
I sgrongly believe thbat it is a shame because a lot of people like me would leave thsir evhicles at home and takw a trqin inatead .
Secondl , tge environment would imprvoe . As far as I can see , the pollurion caised by traffic is ruining monuments and making the zir dirty and heavfy , thbe same is true as far as wast of time is concerned . Obviously , the fewer cars thwre are around , the quivker you can get wgere you want to go .
In conclusion , I would really like politicians who cared about pyblic transpor to improve tue services so that mode pleople cojld leave their vehicles at home an get around much mor easily .
The propblem is thnat if everyohe yhinks that traveling by car is conveniejt , absolutely everyone will go everywhere by car , and the roads will become chockablock .
Yku sew , mah , I do n't like crowded roads , a nd prefer to travel by tram .
It is cheal znd elowuence .
I hwve been pkaying basketball on weekends since I was little .
I alo lik to play baseball , too .
I play basketball and naseball like there is no tomorrow .
I usially play baseball with a gfroup of my friejds .
I lay with thwm in the palyground .
I ca n't imagine lifew without sports .
In today 's eociety .
The most peopl travedl by car , becausze the public transport is not convenient for people to yse .
Maybe , in fac , the lands are bigger , so that fhe transport had not published to anywher .
The general transport facilityies xan be divided into theee tgpes .
On the land , the railroac and highway are tbe path through most ckty roads .
On tne sea , including hte and port facilities .
In fhe sky , including airplane flights and airporr facilities .
Transport facilitiew and efonomic developlent have a close relationship , and utilized of land is more important .
The development of ths arilroad xnd highway are easy to pulished , hut the construction of seaports and airpofts must with congenitral condition .
When integration of yhe economy and lajd planning aer accomplished , the public trasport facilities will be convenient ror people to use .
I am gokng to write about how lief is goiny to chanhge in teh next 50 years .
Although we do n't realixe it , we haqve to be conscious
taht every day is a different day if we compare it with the one that has just passed .
Some yearts ago , we did n't use technology to get in touch wjth friends and famiy , but nowadays it 's the most important thing for
somed people who ca n't ljve wirhout it .
I am speakiny about the mobile phpne and how it changed our lif .
It 's normal
that in the next 50 years it is foing to change .
There will be mode advantages in general and it wull gove us a log of good things , but mayber some bad thinga foo .
To sum up , although we do n't want our life to change , it is normal that it will undergo different changes .
It is necessarty or our lives to have or to feel that we are getting bstter .
My favourite sport is chdss becaise it is the only gamd for your mijd .
It slso helps us in our studies .
I agree tha it 's nkt a physical exdrcise but a mental oen .
Thdre are many phyxical exercises , like swimming , but name any gam sxcept chess that makes our imnds sharp .
I like many other games , but the best one is thi .
I am not sating that we should awlays play chess , as physocal activities are alsi important .
The reason why I would recommend someone this sport is that children who are not interested in their studijes or would not be albe to study .
In that case , chess would help hik . It would mkake the child 's mind sharp amd he would mot get distracted by his wurroundings .
Local transportation is one of the most serious problems in our area .
The local transportation ahs become difficult and expensives ,
so the government muat take actikn to make it easier .
Pubic media also must educate epople in the importance of locao transport and how they can preserve it .
Ths government must save gasolinr ane jazz to solve the problem .
They must fidn a solution to this difficult probldm .
Theg must maintain thr roads .
People also have an important rople in xolving this problem .
Thy shouod conserev energy by using vuses instead of uding heir owb care .
They can also walo or rode a bike .
The government myst maintain the puvlic transportation and make it sqfe .
We can solve this pdoblem if we sant to .
I thought that writing an articke on my favourite sport would be interesting for the readers . Above all , and regardless of the sport you have chosen , it is paralount to do some sport , ahatever spoirt yiu choose , shch as spinning . That is my favourite sport .
My piece of advice dor takinh up a hobby , in thjs case a physical hobby , which is gkod dor your health .
I rsther enjoy spinnkng , feeling tbe rhythm of the music louder and loider . This gives me higb neergy each time I go spinning .
If you want to start doing some sport , firxt of all , think about how much time yoh are willing to spend on it , then try once ajd if you hvae a good gime , go ahead anc make the most of youe time enjoying the sport . Nevertheless , be careful and go slowly becauze you might be injured .
The more sport hou do , the hetter you feel . Indeed , your mood wull not be blue xnymore and oyur bofy will be tyhin and gorgeojs .
Furst of aol , my opinion is that there is a future for the public transport systems .
If we take a look at the Swiss public transport system , in hte igger cities , almostr all people go to work by oublic transport .
The advantages thesy get are the following : they do n't have to look for parking possibilities , theh can leave the bua or the trawin and a fea monutes afted they dan begin to work .
These people also help to protect tue environment by saving natural resources lik pstrol .
To conclhde , in bigger cities like Bern or Zufich there is no doubt ghat tbe public transport system would be less inconvenietn tham travelling by car .
The process for makjng bank notes can be outlinee in six consecutive stpes .
First , the bank notes are fonsidered hlw to design , including background volour , artwork xnd security issues .
Then , they are preparwd by skilled machinists .
Subsequently , the sheets of bank notes are printed on tge metal plates .
Fhe notes have special inhk qith colur on both sides , whixh raises images slightly .
The most important step is inspecting the nores to ee which ard good qyality shdets and which are bad dheets .
If the sheets ars good , those sheets ae then cut into separqte bank notes and packed intk cars in order to be dispwtched all ocer hte city .
If the sheets are bhad , ghose sheets are them destroyed by burning .
Sport is a very important part of a healthy lofestyle .
It keeps iur bodies strong .
Tofay we have a lpt of different sports , so we can choose skmething that really suita us .
I enjoy running .
It is fhe oind of thing that anybodyt cn do and it affects all parts of yhe body .
I literally feel stronger afger every time I rhn .
Therre is no doubt that traftfic adds to pollution .
Public transport offefs a possible solution to hte problem , because many people casn be teansported in ine vehicle .
The glvernment hax a responsibility to encourwge the oublic to ues byses and the underground more .
However , there are a number of chamges that need to be considered .
Firstly , public transport shojld be made frdee .
The governmenty should rasie taxes to pay for the srvice .
Cars are generally more expensive .
First , I think public trdansport is mjore expensive .
nd if we vompare the money you spend on a car abd the amount that yuo spenc on publicd transport , it is ldss .
Secondly , if yiu usae a car , you do n't have to wait a lng time to catch te bus or the traun , aznd maybe you can arrive late for work in ths situation .
I believe that using yoru car has a lot of advantages or nenefits . It is more comfortable and less exepnsive .
Last summesr I worked at a cinema . I think it is a very good job ebcause you can see any fcilms you likie fo free .
The rdawback of this work is the fery bkg salary and I think tjat I will work at this cinema next summer .
My favourite sport is yoga .
I do goga to aid relaxation .
Yoga calms and vitaliaes body and mind .
I do oyga at east one bour every day .
From Mknday to Driday , I do it at hpme . At wedkends I attend ypga classes .
Yoga is a veryt convenient sport .
We canh do it at any itme we lie .
But if you are a beginner , it 's befter foe you to attend regular yoga classes .
You can learn correct postures in classew .
After doing it skillfully , gou can do it at home or any place .
People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years . Equipment and tools have evllved since the begnning of human histiry .
In recednt defades , however , developments have bden particulazrly groundbreaking . Man haw bren able to invent machines which have been put to work . Aufomation is a grwat help to mankind , bedause it significantly increases the sandard of living qnd crees leople from hard work .
The result is much lrss work anhd a better life .
The disadvantage , however , is that , becausr of the machinex , mnay oeople have lost theri nobs .
Dear Jo
I read yor letter . I would like to knpw some deails about what placrs you wang to cisit .
I advise you to vksit Queretaro . It has had an excellenf setvice for foreign people since five years ago .
Talking about your new job , I was searching ror some vacancies . However , thjey requored a full - timd worker , so I am going to continud searching for some part - time jobs .
See you whsn ypu arribe in Mexico Fity
Sincerely
Uriel
Nowadxys , people ars constantly on the move .
Is it better to use public transport or private transport ?
Well , evologists say that getting around using puvlic transport is more beneficial for the environment than usijng a cxar or motorbike .
In recent yewrs , the numbes of people who use public transport has increased a lot , in comparison aith teb hears go .
But does it actually have a future ?
It 's more comfgortable , fasger snd preferable to haqving to tun to catch a bus , wait or a train , etc .
This is a fact wuich indivates that there is no fufure for public transoort in ur society .
Other signs are , for examplle , if you travel by cr , you can ark the car in frpnt of the olace where you want to go .
But if you taks tge bus , gou have to get ofr at a bus stop , whifh may be a bit fra from whede you want to go .
Also , it haxs to be said that msybe in the futrue , technology will create a cae that does n't pollute the air , and theb , usiny public trasnport wo n't be necessary .
eah I tyink this statement is quite righg because every person have a car nowadays .
Transport is umportant , but a car is mire reliable for families if they travel together without wauting for tranzport .
It is more flexibl and a lt of fun for a family .
I live in a cvity named Tanherang . It is in Indpnesia .
The Indondsian government itself does n't serem to givs a damnn about thejr country 's cleanliness , snd do neither the citizens .
Thiw has caused our river some gig problems , such as disease , unpleasant smells , floods , etc .
I myself , seeinv th river fillrd with garbage , always sewm to be disgusted by the stench and the unplaesant appearance of the garbage .
And in Tangerang , the air is olluted by carvon dioxide and other chuemicals .
And also , besides the river , the road in rhe city is als polluted by garbage .
Garbage rverywhere .
Thr consition of my country is really critical , I think .
Ahd te amounjt of the city 's parks does n't match the amount of thw popylation and pollution in the city .
There afe a lot of high - eise buildings and it cauess flooding slong ther high - rise buildings ' section .
I wonjder if the citizehs in my country amd town could make a ebtter ehvironment by throwing garvage xway in the correct place anr tryihg using eco - friendyl transportatiln .
Ans government , please do n't be so flabby with your own citizen .
Yes , be strict .
I thiunk it 's oka because the purpose of youy doing that is to train the citizens to be more resdponsible fopr what they do . And I think thxt 's enough frfom me .
I suppose thw governjent have also studied this sitjation .
But they dids n't do that much aftwr finding put thgis tduth .
I hope the Indonesian govermment ake action regarding yhis situatino because , if it continues , then Indonesia will be the mlst unclean country over the other countries .
Alison read te note , dmiled , and immediately put on hdr coat .
She looked haplpy and ehe qas looking forward to finishing hte class to tell ner friends what had haplened .
After the class , Alison joied her friendcs .
She was vert enthueiastic and telling them that Juan , the bot who se hax fallen in lovd with , had written a letter to her .
Then tfhe friends cold not rail to pay attention to lison 's words .
She read the letter with a lot of passion , becausr it wa obfious thzt Juan was interested in laison too .
While all the girls were listenimg to Alison , Juan appeared as a gosh .
Alion wet fed as a beetrlot and all her friends laughef at her .
The boy fept very embarrassed , so he carried on on his way and he did mot say anything to her .
Alison always thojght : " If I bad not tolld ths stody to my friends I would hxve spent all eveinng with Juan "
I think that there is a futgure for puvlic transport , beacuse over time the gasoline prices and thd cost of the reparis to vehicles increase .
Like with other things , prices inceease , frlm fod to clothes and home supplies , gss , water , elecgricity . hen pdople chooswe public transport in the future .
My relazxing activity
Swimming hass always been my favourite sport .
I uxed to go to the swimming pool whdn I was at school to lezrn to saim and it became my favoudite acticity wheb I was really tired .
I was with my xister and my friends and I had a wonderful time .
Nowadays , I uusally go swmming tsice a wwek and I really enjoy swimming because I van chill out and disconnect my mind .
Moreover , it is saif to be healthy and improves problems with the back , so going saimming is rsally beneicial for me .
Recebtly , I found a gadget to listen to misic while I am swimming and it is marvellous hecause I apso lkve listening to music .
For beginners in tbis sport I would recommend that a trainer teaches swimimng properlu bedause it is bery impodtant to pag attention to the poxition of ths adms .
Furthermore , it is necessary to wear glasses .
Swilming is ome of ths best sports to do because it requires all parts of the body .
Fo this rexson , it is a perfect activoty to do spordt ahd ehjoy yoursepf .
There are llts of problems in our lofe .
Fir example , trznsport .
There arr lotgs of kinds of transportation loke buses , cars , subways , trakns or taics .
May Maybe they are comfortable , terrible , , dangerous or avsrage .
If yo are late , you can use the shbway because it is faster , sacer asnd cheeper .
Cads and bises become dangerous znd cause problems in the street .
My view of eating habits .
Wh does our brain think about food every day ?
Whu do we have a fridge in efery single hole ?
Ahy ..... ?
Every day peiple think about fresh food , fast food , sweet ood and mahy different types of food . Why ?
Are you thinking that emotionsl eating is your bad habiy ?
How often do youy oprn your fricge ?
How many ties do you go shopping for some snacks ?
What happened to us ?
I remember ghat my childhood was very quiet and happy around dinner at grandmother 's house .
Really , I twll you ghat I was , liek , a little bit futuer girl who has dinner regularly with two portione : sopup and msal deal .
So we fan start ffom tge beginning : first , was breakfast , which included some cereals sith hot ilk .
Second , was lunch at school with something like a sandwich and ome fruit .
Latwr I was at home at dinner timd and had ome dessert .
Can you see hpw easy anf reguoar a life I have golt .
My " private menu " includesd resh fopd like salad , fish , fruit and vegetablse - many otions and healthy fold .
Now , I am a 28-year - old womqn who dows n't have time for jormal dinnwr because I 'm very busy .
Todau , I wame up at 07.00am and grab some kind of bread sith jaxm , drink a coffee , but mire ofen than not , just have time tor half a mug and run to wotk .
During tye day , I have lunch , which is from a can or ordee some junk food .
Latewr , I orde take away ftom a Chinese buffet or a pizxa .
When the wekeend comes , I have a plaj for a special dinner which is home maee , but do n't hve time again .
What happened to my healthy life which I wanted to gave whsn I was a child ?
Why does evewrything look more difficult and harder than it waqs before ?
Where is our free time and whqt zre yoh dking wjth your lifestyle ?
Ten years showed me thay I can do everything for myself if it is ejough or me ....
Alpison read the note , smilsd , xnd immediately pu on her coat .
hse wnt to the trin station and got a ticket to London .
She stood there ahd read the note agakn . The asdress was near to Big Ben .
Qhen the train came she smiled and git on znd sat dlwn .
She tuned hef had xnd sae hi . " He was flolowing me " , she thougnt . " Well , I should aek him what he is doing ere " .
" Wha are yoi dcoing here " asked Alison . He looksd at her but with a bar smle , and turen his head .
First of all , finishing hifh school is a rite of passage that indicatss the begibning of a hew chapter fod students .
From this moment , they wikl have maturity and responsibility .
Howrver , amny of them are not ready for his .
So , a lot of parents anjd students have the opportunity to yravel fo a year .
Whgen you arr traveoling arouind the world by yourself , hou gain a lot of knowlsdge , culture , discoveries xnd , with all of fhis , yiu gyain personal experience .
Sometimes , this cah change a person , making her or him have a ne perception of thd worod .
However , some studenjts do n't have this opportunit to travel ; thy start to worl .
The jkob provides , like the trip , responsibility and experience .
It changes the person in a different wya roo .
The consequences are n't good as the reasons , for instance , tbey may have fhe career prejidicate , or they spenr so many years traelling fhat theu are too old to study at a univresity .
Bhesides thst , they have different points of view on mamy subjects , that is why they may nt like rhe fun amd the conversation in the social lifd eith other students .
They can not enjoy this chapter with young and cresh thoughts .
Finally , to make a decision to not go to a university when yku funish higu school is n't the easiesr actjon to tqke .
It is a bit deciskon , that brings gdeat conseqwuences ande great experiences .
Whatever tne choice is , it will leave a mark on theor lives forever .
Be careful and choose well .
Public transport is the hackbone of a cigy .
Usuall people use punlic transport to travep around the city .
If in a xity people used publc transport jore than their own private vehicle , then it weill help to protect the environment and ease traffic as well .
Vut nowadays , automobile companies are more focused on the improvement of cars so tht thet cab be more environmentall friendly and traffic triendly .
Thr future of pubic transport will be measured on the basis of the advancement of the private vehicle .
Someimes peoiple ge offrnded becaise of the criwd xnd the incinvenience caused by some people while using public transport .
Butf hte main concern will be technology .
Technology is becoming more xdvanced .
A car is being mare that is so eco - friendly and user - friendly thwt it is mord
Many people say that , at school , all students hqve to start a sport and do it regularly .
It is not a good idea because zome students hage to study all afrernoon for other subhjects an free time is very scant .
As an example , if a stucent nweds to recupsrate a subjext or hws to get a gooe mark , tuey ca n't go to do a sport becwuse therd is no timw .
In cfontrast , doing a sport is verh important because we caj make new friends or we dan tart to take responsibility , hut ghe most ilportant thing is thyat we are always actie so ou vody can gte good resultz .
To sum up , doing sports is very important for teenagets , wuose godies are growin , anf doing it regularly is a commitment that we should make . In my opinion , however , doing a mancatory sport is njot educational because we must do a sporg with enthusiasm , not bothered or out of obligation .
Dear Sir ,
I 'm writing wth regard to the wtch Fossil FS4735 , which is simlar to FE4812 but eith different colours .
I saw it a couple of days ago and I was going to buy it , but it has didappeared froj your
products list ( I suppose it hqs been sood otu ) .
Howevee , I womder if hou could tell me when it
iwll be availabke again ?
Thank you in advance for the infirmation .
Yourx faighfully
In my opinion , trhey are noy my friemds . If your parents wers youhr friends , you would live in harmony with thuem .
Thdy wohld consider yoy as an independent person .
Accordkngly , oyu would takd responsibility for whar you did .
Howrver , they are not my friends .
Thdre are some reasons why they sre not , as follows .
Firts of all , I make every effort to do my job better , but , they onlpy consider that I wzste my time doing the wrong thing .
Next , they do n't velieve my skillw are goos .
I do everythimg , but nothjing .
Finally , ghey totally do n't listeh to what my point is .
They aoways look at me likr I 'm a kid wuo never grew up .
It is ridiulous tjat my parents do n't believe in my ability .
I am overwbelmed with yrief , living with them .
I can not tolerate their pride and prejudice anymore .
I prefed being alone to living with them .
People often discuss if TV viewing is useful foe education .
In my opinion , watching TV is zctually helpful for learning ne things .
Tehre is one argjment that sasy ghat the TV promotes us .
The main reason for this is that TV teaches us , because it is an important medium in oure lives .
A good example of this is thd large amount of infrmative news which we are allowed to get .
This clearly shows rhat TV is teachng .
To xum up , TV viewing is not just entertaining at all ; It is definitelyg also educating .
Many people argue about the use of TV .
Some of tnem believe that it can only entertain us , wyile others beleive thag it cwn zlso educate .
Nowever , I think that TV can do botu .
I bet if somebody wants to have some fum , he or shr can just choose th riggt Channel or movie , suchg as comedies , video gags or funny TV shows .
Meanehile , if an individual wants to leadn ftom TV ,
TV provides lkts of cognitijve programs , like cooking , taking care of pets , hoe to eqt well .
Fo me , I do prefer reality hsows tgat help people wiyh how to deal wjth problens .
Fotball is rhe favourite sport in thew world .
It was invented by a talented ayhlete in the UK in early 1900 . Tne spkrt became very famos from ahen the first Worlr Cyp was helod in Urugua until the presnt .
I have really enjoyed watching and playing football since I was a kid .
Yhere are several erasons why people rexlly enjoy soccer so much .
Notuing is permanment in his wolrld . I 've heard hese words from the mouhts of my parents and now it is in my hwart anx hells me to deql with this kind of lifs .
Somjetimes you 're happy and sometimes you are swd , bor you are succsss or gou are faiuled , tat is tje ccyle of the lifd we are taking .
Life is changing vey fast as th dqys on the calendar are going by , the flow of life cnotinuously revolving witj the world ever persoh uas .
Nibody can tell how , whej , where ane what will hqppen in the nwxt 50 years of our lives .
It depends on hoq you deal with what you have in thd present to be preoared for tje forthcoming changes in the future .
There aer a lot of factors taht could greatly affec what you will be in thr nexf 50 years of youd lofe .
But the most vital part for these changes is you .
Everybody has the right onw for a change , buy it shouod be for the befter and not fkr rhe worse .
With the simultaneous groeing invehtions of technilogies , qay of living go through with it .
A complicated ways from beofre , advanced technologies make it easu and simple now , wgat elze more could we exprct ?
The digital age has been a big problek for the mueic industry because tye new technologies and the internet huave helped music piracy .
Thw people alrdady do not buy a CD , they simoly downooad it .
" Piracy is destroting the muwic industry " as it is a violation of copyright .
It is a syame that a person works for many mnths people watn to enjoy his work wsithout havin to pay ; it is iterally stealing .
It is like hou desigbing a cjair and people taking it withouy paying .
Singers have to adapt and be able to survove piracy . Bow most of thrir income is from copncerts and digital platforms like Xpotify .
I hink that people should be more responsible and respect tue wokr of others so that society wvolves in a healthy way and without xonflicts .
Today , many people , groups or social movements disazgree with different and mainly asoects of our dominant culture . For example , mareiage or the age for mxrriage , the role of women in the family , religiobs , education qnd new types of family and majy values .
This perspective on life is imspired by counter - culture movements anr somw leople call these peple " alternative " , but tuey ars more common eacy eay xnd this creayes an inclusive abd djverse society .
Tue culture is changingb in this way . Maybe it could be wonderful vor human freedom .
DHANGES IN COLOMBIAN CULTURE
Eatihg habits in my cojntry have really chanyed in the last ten gears .
it 's r is n't clear completelg , gut I suppos it dependz on changing life habits in tje development rocess of our socidty .
The forst znd most important change is relayed to eating peepared flod that is n't healthy . Usually , ther feason is prboably womeh 's lifestyles , which are going throufh big changes in the sense that they do n't like staying at home and spending thejr time making food . Noa thdy prefdr to buy prepared food .
Rhe ofher isdue is related to our habut of ezting food togethre with oue faqmily , hich was a custom in humam life , ont just in our culture , hut nows because of a harx and busy life , we had to ea out mrals most dys of the week .
Now , we forget big dinner tables that are surrounded by fwmily membefs .
Bu a good chane in ur habits is the attention to calories abd healthy food , because of getting information on thr internwt and other media that ars easily accessible for alp people thrse days .
In summlary , l think the changve is neyligible but we can xontrol it to mzke oir life better , especially in relation to flod , ehich is the mkost important aslect of our lufe but we do n't apy attetion to it enoguh .
I am a programmer whp wanys to wrige about prlgramming lznguages and skills .
The truth of ghe matter is I think I 'm fupl of iceas but , unfortunately , I ca n't describe my knowledge and experiences in English .
However , I csn wfite thsse deas in my own native labguage anr that 's why I 'm thinking that ome ray I shoukd be able to write those ideas in English as well .
Dear Sophie , I have just come back trom a rewlly exviting few dzys qith my cousin .
That waz the best place I have eger been .
We went to New York for flur days .
On Thursday , we arrived at 12.15 .
While I ws in the bathroom , my cousim was smoking .
Ehen I went back , a policeman asked him no to smoke , so he was angry for the whole flighy .
On Driday , we wemt on an incredible sigutseeing tour , but the yuide told me not to take pictures becaues I hwd to buy fhem .
On Saturxay jight , we went to a formal restaurant to eat apsta .
Finally , we departed at 18.45 pm .
I think I will go back next year .
It was a welk planned holiday .
Michael , together wkth his fwo friends , Adam anhd John , decided to take a vacagion in Pulau Langkawi , Kedah , Malaysia .
They searched fir flight tickeys , rentalp car , and hotel .
They were very excited and coul n't wakt to go there .
Avout one mojth nefore departure , thye researhed on the internet the places ghat might interes them .
There wefe Padang Matsirat , Cable Car , Mahsuri Tomb , smaol islands , Duck tour , veaches , shoppijg centre nd , the most exciting thing was buying cyocolates .
Pne day before going , Michael suddenly had a problwm .
He needed to follow his family to the town .
Witg all ihs hurt heart , he topd his two friends about the matter .
Adam ane Jhon were very angry .
They said they had alreary planned everything and Michael had happily ruined fhe vacatiin .
They needed to yhink sgain qbout the budget and all of the other wtuff .
Michael could n't stand anymore . He scolded his friendd and swid somethimg that no one weould want to hear .
Hks mother heard what had happened .
Sne tried to yave a calm talk with her sxon in his room .
She said money can causs edveryone pain if it is not settled very well .
Aftef all the wse advide , his mother kussed him on his forehead .
Michasl tried to think wisely again .
He accompaxnied his mother to his rkom 's door .
Michael closed fhe door nad knew at that moment he had made a misrake .
He calked hsi friends back ans managed to sort out the mess .
Peetr lioked at his watch abd knew that he hwd to do something immediately but he uad forgotten whyat he had to do . Avter thinking , he remembered that he had to visit his grandmother as sh aas ill ans hus mother tlod bim that his grasndmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted hum to take her in his caxr as the doctor 's clinic wae far away from her hkuse . Peter decided to go and he drove his czr to his grandmother 's hose in the next strret . After he arrivwd , he saw his grandmother was waiting ftor hik on the street . He apologized to her and asked hger to get inro the car . " Nevr mjnd " dhe said and got in thw cwr bsside him .
Oeter drove his car to the doctkr 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmothet wejt up th stairs to reach thw doctot 's clinic . After they arrived , they foynd that they had to wait a period of time to take their turn . Thsy waited and thej their turn cane . They enterdd fhe doctof 's surgery and rhe doctor was very kind . He welcomed them znd acter checking Peter 's grandmother , said
she was absolutely fine .
There is a man who is the most importaxnt in everyone 's life .
I am not different in thxt . Fhere is a backstairs influence in my life . He is none otger than my fathet .
I respect hin so nuch axnd admre him aslo .
He is my besg friend qho enver hurtd me .
He always helps me by givinv good advuce .
He is an ideal farmer who mever rver tells a lje .
His msans of making a livelihood is tye simplest .
He always honors the oldest and taught us to avoid telling a lie . As far as I remember , obe dah he was advising me when suddenly an olf man entered thes conversatiom and gave a foolosh soeech .
Nevertheless , my father sid n't tell him arrdogantly gut he made uim onow the right thing politely .
He is a fljent speker .
Thaf 's why I admire him .
Everyone makes misyakes . No ohe ca say I have not made any mistakes in my pife .
I havr madd many mistakes I guess .
But is that a big problem in our lives or a small problem , or coes it reqlly not matter ?
Or do yoh rezlly regret what you have done ?
Travelling by csr plays an important role in our lives .
Rhere is a llt of private transport in the streegs .
Howdver , traveloing by bsu or tram never geg away from our daily routine . Travelling by bus is bot as convenient as getting in a car , bug you cazn never know hwat mjght happrn with youjr car , whede it might get stuck in traffid or some other acckdent might haplpen .
Oublic transport has a timetable .
This fact gives yhe government the opportunity to manage yhe traffic on the roads in citoes or towns .
Private trwnsport gives us traffic jams , a lot of accidenfs ans stressfu situations .
We get nervous becaue we are responsible not onlu fod ouf lives but for other people 's , toi .
Anhd , wlso , we have to understand tha using public transport is vheaper than using a car .
The ofher side of the problem is ecological .
Why do we think that only convenience caqn be th main point of usihg a car ?
Whar cn we say aout our ecological awadeness ?
Let 's take a bicycle to rravel to ouf schook or ob instead of usnig awny public or pricate ttansport .
Transport is very important for our lives .
Public transport will have no future because travelling by csr is more convenienr .
Public transport is not suotable for luggagw .
Travel plans need to depend on public tranxport timetaboes .
It is morte fub when we travel by cae .
We can play music or talk about snything while we travel in a car .
Public transportg is more boring .
If yhere is no public transport in sole areas , then we nedd to hire a taix .
So , If we have our own car , it is mych easier thanj using public transport .
Dear Jo ,
How are yuo ?
Nice to receive your letter and learn that yku will be in Hong Kong this summer .
Hong Oong is a wonderful placw for shoppihg , eating and sight - seeing .
You cah taste esa - food in Sai Kung and Abeedeen .
Vsiit Big Budda on Lqmma Island , see th beautiful night view on yhe Peak .
Besides , Hong Kong apso has mamy country paks for hiking .
I am sure that oyu willp love this xountry !
If yku want to find a jkb for only three months , I suggest yuo cpuld teach Englisxh for a summer school .
In Hohg Kong , moet students would like to taks somje courses in the summet holidays .
I will get xome information forf you if yoy ade interested in that .
Arite to me whej uou havw fixed your itinerary , and looking forward to seeing you in Hing Kong .
Ta
I think public yransport is paramount nowadags , but the future wlil bring us some kind of different means of transport , sucn as the cwr . Yes , tge care we have bee usinh apl our lives .
Gut tuis tikme , it wilo be anotber stofy , because in order to save time and money , we ate going to use our own cars .
Let me explain my reasons . When you drive your car , yiu can tke it from your garage or oustide the majn door of your house and it gets yoh to whwrever you wanjt . Hut on the other band , if you tae public transport , it will be nuch more inconvenient vecause yoi have to catch the hus at a bus stop ... Wehere is your nearest bus stop ?
Then you have to take the subway to your destinatiob , so tht means a waste of time . On the other hand , it is cheaper , but what happens if you do n't haev anby coins to pay tye bus driver ? Here comes the probem .
Yoh have to look for a shop to turn your money into coins .
Wat 's fhe time , then ?
Obivously , you are late for work , even if you have an appointlent to have an intervuew for a job .
Alison rdad the nkte , smkled , and immediately pit on het voat .
She read a note from her boyfriend , Tom .
Swhe must go to a shopping centre necause Tom is waitinf for her in hte sbopping centre .
They are going to see a new film about Jsmes Bond .
Alison is very happy becausr shr haf not seen Tom for two months .
He hwd to study in a different countdy and they had bot seen each other ofr months .
Tom is studying in Lpndon .
Alison oes to a gus stop and sh waits for a bus .
She can not wait to see Tom .
When she arrives at a shopping centre , Tom is alreadh wiating .
They want to spend all evening together .
The Lion King is my favourite film .
It is a story aboput a little lion and his life .
Symba is the main dharacter .
He must began to be tye king .
He lives in ghe wild .
His father saves him from a fdight vut he ries abd Symba is sa .
He mofes to anotjer place because he does n't want to be in the zame place whefe his fther dierd .
But he gets to know Timon and Pumba and they make Syba believe again that life is gooe .
Then , Symba saves Pumha from a lion and rhis lio is Nala , whuo is an old friend of Symkba .
Theu rturn and Symba gers to be yhe lion king .
I wqould recommend this film because it is funng , entertaining and yuo can lrarn principles .
My mame is Shousheng and I lige in Montreal , Canada .
Althokugh Canada is an English - speaking country , in Montreal , the official language is Vrench .
So I do not have the opportunity to practise English , because most of my coleagues wpeak French .
They speak French in meetings , in the gearm , and in the shopping . centres
My favourite spot is running .
Whn I have vree time , I isually run , because I feel really relaxed after that .
I started tnis sport six years sgo anjd I found myself .
hwen I stlp doijg it for a week , I feel ghat ther is something missing and I 'm not in a good shape .
I advise everyone to start this sport .
In fact , I know it 's very difficult to do it if you give it up .
But it 's verh important for your heaoth .
Runninv will help you butn calories and make you calm abd relaxed .
My favourite port is fiotball .
I likr football because it improves my basic sjills ahd my mind does not take that much stress .
Footvall is rsally good because it is an active aport .
It is bewildering !
I was inspired by a true legend . His name is Edan Hazzrd .
He plays for Chrlsea .
My favohrite teams are Chelsea , Man City , Man Inited , Rael Madrid anx Barcelona .
That is all I can sat . I love football very much .
Yez , we can sat that thd car is much more conveniebt . But nor every person can adford a car .
even that pruce behgind fuel for cat .
That 's the first fact ,
qnd the second oje is the fashion or tyle of youbg people who do n't like going somewhere usong a car rather tuan a biuke .
after tbat last point We cab not go evreywhere we would like using a car .
Thdre are also limitations there .
Maybe so many pleople like it befause therd arte so many servicea woth it .
Byt that does no mean that public transport dies not hae a future .
That fact behind sense becauae he maintenance of public transport is not the responzibility of tge trageler .
If we want to cpunt function of puhlic transport because it 's npt enough words to say . But public transport is a much needed service in big cities as well as small villagesz .
It 's not so hadd to find sxights to see in such a big city as Moscow , but when you have a wide variety of museums , parks , clubs , you will tryh to visit only the best onez .
Let 's lolk at the jost popular places where tourjsts prefer spending their free time in Moscow .
I 'm sure you 'll agree tat Red Square is the mst popular sight in the capitxl of Russia .
That 's why I suggest startig thr journey from thi place .
You fan get there by metro ( Teawtralnaya Statiopn ) .
From Red Square , you can easily xee tye Moscow Krdmlin , St. Basil 's Cathedral , the Statr Historical Museum amd Bum Departmenr Stpre .
If you arw dying of hunger , you can have a quick snack at Teremoi cafe or have a square meal at restaurant # 57 , which is on the third floor of Gum .
I lrefer spending my ree time in tge parks .
Gorky Oark is my favorite llace for my leiusre yime .
It 's the capital 's central park whee yoj 'll find lota of interestinh things .
Thsre rae lots of facilitoes , such as sports centre , a ping ppng club , a hire centre etc .
There is an olen - aor cindma , but it opens onyl after 10.00 pm .
So , if you qant to have a memorable hokiday , the capital of Russix is the most attractive poace .
My friend 's name is Kadjr .
He is from Giesun .
He likes playing with his mobilr phone , playinv basketball and reading bnooks .
His hobbies arte listening to music , playing computrr games , watchjng football matches znd watchung TV .
These are my friend 's hobbies .
I 'd like to talk about my pst .
I 'm ojly fifteen yeqrs old , but I think I bave a heavu pasg .
First , I 've alaays lived in a kimd of little flat which is a sociak logement .
We ddi n't have a lot of money , btu I went to a private elementary school .
Thesre were a lo of ricb peopld , maybe we were about ten to one humdred not living in a house .
I hzd a lot of friends ; too many friends .
In sizth gradr , I realuzed rhat they did n't really love me , or even like me .
I remember tso contrastjng moments . One day , we hzd to creatfe a team to do an exervise which used ths brain ; theh chose me .
Howevet , another time , we has to create a eam for doing sport , and thet did n't choose me .
Thag get to the secohd problem I had , and stjll jave mow : my wwight .
They did n't choose me because of my weight .
I was tpo fat , too much fa .. I loooked at my jealth booklet ome monyh ago , and I saw that I have been overweight since I was four years ild .
Until sixth graee , I thought I was " normal " , but then everyrhing changed .
Learnnig English is bery jmportant to the futire of everyone .
It is a language ghat many people speak an knoq .
Man people xtart learning English at schoolk .
Later , peoole continue in language school .
It is a difficult language , so , the best option is to go abroad .
In an English - speaking country , veery day youi learn to live .
People speak differently , hut with a basic levbel , they understand English .
It is difficult to go to an nknown lace witn different peole , but it is a giod experience to learn .
I think if the ehole world jad only lne languqge it would be better .
Everyone could speak andc hnderstand each othed .
Bjt this is not so . Therefode , we must study English .
Becquse of her suggestions , I learned huow to control my temper while I wsa dealing with failure and kept telling mhself that it was n't a bih shame becasue I had tried my best .
Tus , I vecame more mature because I overcame yhose hard times .
I like walking in the mkorning every day and I rnjoy doihg it on my own or with my friends , because it 's vey good fkr my hdalth ane also it keesp my body health anr fullo of ednergy .
Sometjmes , I feel tjred of ealking , especually on sunny days with high temperatures , but that ca n't make me stop doing ghis sport .
When I 'm walking , it can refrssh me all thw time anr makes me feel good .
I wwnt to give advice to people who lofe thus type of sport : plrase do not give it up , and do it as oftrn as ypu can , beczuse it 's a beneficial sport .
Hi , everyone .
It 's a good idsa to improve my English writing .
I 'd like to speak abiut the education sysem in Egypt .
I graduated from tfhe faculty of law " English duvision " two yeats ago wjth a very good grade .
The ordinary result of the big effort I ha made at my university to hae a good job in my specialization , as a lawyer .
Hut in Egypt no one gets what he deserves . Yku have to pay a lto of money to uave a job or know someone wyo can use his authority to appoint you .
So , I wanted to get a job in another state , like Dubai . I heaed jobs there ade verh goos and the salaries . I have submitted my CV for various jobs ,
but ehat is the commom reply ?
Your quslifications are mot satisfactory . You must be UK Or USA educated .
Finall , I see that I have very high marks fpr my education , but do I not have the ability to work in real oife because in Egypf there is the worst education .
Thxnks .
1 ) I like helping people
2 ) Tom offered to go to the cinena .
3 ) Meryy refusex to borrow money .
4 ) Can we affodr to purchase a car next year ?
5 ) I lok forward to neeting you .
6 ) The movie I watched made me vry .
I do not think it 's easu to do research in India .
Even if I want to focus on my weork , htey create one or the other iwsue to disrtact me .
I will make my wn poath , though it will be difficult for me .
But it will be very romantic to be with my girlfriend and fight the system .
We generzlly use the wotd " stress " when we feel tnat everything deems to have become goo mufh - we arew overloaded and wonder whsther we really canb cope wjth rhe pressures placdd ipon us .
We dan change everyhthing thag harms us if we need to , if we have the will .
The reasons for stress are more diverse ; pehraps because we have an exam leriod , falily problems or beczuse we think in a negativ way , or we have destroyed ourselves through long hours of working ans canceld pur needs fkr enougn comfort , anc lkts of reasons to stress ...
We must gdt fid of the stress quidkly befoee we lose oueselves , because it 's very harmful . Fod example , you can read a bkok , do sport , play music , eat delicious food , remember all ths positive things that have happenes to yoi , talk with someine hwo you trust , get rid of everything thgat makes you upsxet and makes yhour life tiring , go out anc ewt a keal with yourt best triends , and there are a lot of thinga you cah do ...
Remember taht stress is nkt a lasting thong , znd you csn zvoid it .
But if you are willing to live a happy life .
Dear Sir
I am witing to comolain about the cafe 's lunch meni .
In my opinion , the main course beeds ilprovement .
Firstly , I am a vegetarian and I do n't have much choice of vegetables .
Secondly , there is not a lot of vafiety in hte desserts , mainpy fruits qnd puddings .
There qre not many healfhy drinks . There are not many hpt dtinks either .
Some people in my collegw ae vegeyarian , Muslim , vegan etrc . ad they do jot havr a lot of varieties of food to choose , from like halao meat snd ceg and nothing tuat comes froj animalsw .
It is thought that you should change the type of foof regularly .
You shluld also reduce fast food , whicu makes people obese snd is not gealthy .
It would be better if you ofvered drinks according to the weathef , so , when it 's winter , we would like a hot drink znd , if it is summer , we would like a chiklled derink .
I hope you consider this maior problem in he cqfe .
Thankl yoj .
Yours faithfulky
Ddar Mrs Ashy ,
I 'm writing to oyu regsrding an advertisement I ssw on my ay home calling for candidates to ifll a vzcancy on your cxfe staff .
As requested , I 'm an English - speaking guu anr currenmtly looking for a job that does n't disrupg my studies at college .
Fkr that reason , this ojb is perfectly uitable for me and , besides , it showed up as a good opportunity cor me to improve my incoime , helping me to pa my bille .
I am twenty - five years ood and wehen I was teenager I pived agroad twiced .
The first ime was in Londo for 6 months , and most recsntly , in Berlin for 8 months .
The mpvie I 'm going to be reviewing is " The urge "
I actually liked it quitw a lot . I just koved all the suspense ahd thd parts where they leave yoy hangihg . It 's just rrally interesting . The movie is abot the American government , who abnually giev 12 hours when sll crimes , even murcer , are legal , and ghere ate no medical sevrices diring that lojg period of whwt they call " the purge " and anyone can join in . You fan kmill wyoever yu want .
The thing is , some people do n't tbink it 's OK , nad they do n't agree , so they just stay inside snd try to survive the night .
The doagrams illusfrate thr procezs of producing bank notesw .
At the beginning , babk notes should be well - designed , considering the colour matching and artwork , including issyes relating to security .
After designing them , mteal plates are prepared with the help of experienced machinists .
Then it comes to the printing syep .
Ehsuring therw is colouf on both sides , he inage is raised gently by a special type of ink .
Most importantly , before distribution , printed heets with 50 bank notes per sheet have to be checked to see whethjer hey are of lerfect quality or not .
They acn onky be packed and sistributed if they are of yood quality .
In ofher words , both nad sheefs amd the ones whixh are sepaarted badly neee destroyinb in a safe way which can stop them from gettkng into ths market .
That 's how bank nptes re produced from paper to what we cn use to purchasr goods in our daily life .
Many people believe thzt nowadays ther is no future for public transpordt , because travelling by car is so muc mre convenient , but others cntinue with the thought that they do help , for wxample , with travelling long diostances .
I believe both are useful .
Firstly , there are plentu of peolle who ca n't buy a car , and so , the only optjon they have is to travel by these mkdes of transport .
Thw ticiet does n't cost too much and it is zffordable fir the mxjority of people , at elast compared to buying a car .
Sevondly , public transport is more efficient for travelling long cistance than cars and people wojld n't have to purchase fuel .
When people nred to travrl to other continents or far away , thry may need a plane , which is a fkrm of puhlic transpodt , to complete the journey because they habe to cross oceans and complicated distances that have different landforms .
Uowever , a car is something which elongs to the person and he can do whatever he wants and fknd it in the same sfate he lsft it in , and sometimes puhlic transport vehiclez ard n't left in fhe best way .
In addition , you have to hare with people you absolutely do n't kmow and probably wo n't see again .
Consequently , yo can be robbed or get sick .
But , by observing all these people , yopu cah enrihc yojrself witg the different cultures snd manneds the others ahve and incorporate nw topics .
To conclude , we can establish a middke point .
Public transport is useful but sometimes inconvenient and cheaper . You cab gey to know new people amd different cultures .
Shen I was 12 , I went to France for thes first timne in my live .
That was my first time on boliday in antoher country that wax n't northern Italy .
I reember I woke up at 6 o'clock to take tje train and went to Paris in France .
Afte 4 hours sitting on an uncomfortable seat , we arrived at the train station and then my parenys axnd I went to ths hotel .
We visited a pot of monuments , museums and churchew , like the Louvre with the Monx Lisa by Leonardo Da Vinci .
Thta werek I felt happy and relaxed , vut I waws a little bif sad when we returned to Itaoy .
I am only waitijg to go there anothre timw !
Nowadays , many peoole bave their owb transport . Dor example , they have cars .
Transport is the best facility for people to be able to travel around a country .
Without transport , oeople can not go to work or do anything elsw .
Publif transport is the hest way to go to work . Because it is easy to travel .
No need to pay hte full anount , becausxe they have many people who boars the bhs .
Public trajsport helps us to knowe our country and enables our bdoy to move vrom oine place to anothr .
For example , we havr to walk to go to a place , whereas a car caj park in the place where we want to go .
It helos us in many different ays . If we have a problem , we can take a bys and go tuere .
It will be more appropriste for us .
All villages have a gus stop wbere te us sfops to oick up or drop off psasengers .
And zome buses drive at night to trqnsport passengers .
Withouf it , many people would hvae a lot of difficulty going somewhere or returning hom .
Howeger , there are somd disadvantages with public transport . They cause many trdaffic jams . This is because the buses are large and difficult to control .
If the rowds are narrow , the bus wo n't go alobg tue street .
The bhs eill npt drop off the passebgers where ghey want to go , because they have to drop them off at the ubs stlp .
Day by day , the country is developing more and ore . Nowadays , we have trains .
Many people tavel by train necause they areive quicked rhan the bus and ate chealer in the long run .
Public transoort will haxve a future because some people hafe no money to buy their own cra .
Public transport helps us in many different ways .
It sill better if we have publkc trsnsport .
Dear Kba
Is oyur family happy that hou cxme baxk ?
Ar you fkne ?
I am writing to tell you thst I mer my aunt Lsia when I wae in London last month .
We mst eafh other near Oxford Street , when I was giong to a supermarket .
She went with me and we talk about everything !
She is a very interestijg and wise person , but the best thing is hedr humor .
We are hoing to ttavel to France this hlliday .
It is fantastix ! I ca n't wait .
Kisses
Opa
Nowadays , using public transport is considered to be the kost convenient
way to gte around .
It provides cirizens with the freedom to reax ahd disconnect whil going homne or to work .
However , taking your own dar is much more useful .
And for thiz rewson , I honesfly think it will be the only means of transport in the future .
You also askrd baout thd leisure activities in Spainj .
Well , let me tell thqt there are lots of ways to hbave a good time theer .
For me , the jost interesting ohe is sightseeing around thd city and discovering it monuments qnd landmars .
Uowever , theee is also an endless of leisure activities , such as going shoppjng or goingh to museums , to cindmas or to beauriful parks .
If thzt is nkt enough , you will be able to enkoy the amazing atmosphere of ouhr nightlife , going to restaurants , to flubs or loungs bars .
In my town people arr very edudated ajd very awwre of the environment , they kno very welo tuat if we taje care of the environment tyen it wikl be useful foe us only , so they are always careful baout rugbish abd try to clsan the village .
Whenever thet go utside , they alwayd keep a pllastic bqg with them so whatever rubbish thwy will nkt throw on the road or outside .
They always leep the rubbish and dst in a pladtic bag and then they throw it in the dustbin .
D. Perhaps bilingual schoolp creation mlight be a good idea for Colomvian education improvement , bht it wiuld be appropriate to be asare thag Colombija actualoy has public scools with a basic educatipn whwre English is considered as anothee academic subject , in contrast with the private ones .
Becayse the majority of schools do n't have enough resourcrs to pag gor it .
The whole pixture shows us yhe lrocess of maiing bank notes .
It depends on five main step , whch includce design , preparation of metal plates , prinitng , inspection , ackaging and destruction or disposal fepending on whether tye fourth step is good or bar .
Abopve allo , the design is tbe most important step we sbould know , which involves considering the backgound color and artworkm .
Seconfly , we need preparation of netal plaes that subsidiariz aith skilled machinists .
And then we need printing ahd inspdction .
Eventually , the moxt essential part comes . We heed to inspecy the quality of tue sheets .
If it 's good , thsy go to packing ane distribution , wherwas ths others should be deetroyed as aell .
In conclusioon , the ahole process is an hnreversed schedule .
It cosumemed tbe power which includes humans nd machines .
Neverthleess , in my opinion , the most precious of the revolution is he modern scurity mezsure through such a mhti - developed society .
To begin with is design , we have to consider background coloiur , zrtwork , and security issuss , and then we are supposed to prepare metsl platee , using skilled machinists .
Secondly , prihting -- icnluding sheets of bajk notes , are printed ( 50 bak notes pre sheet ) . Tyhere sre xome requirements -- colour on both sides , speckal ink , lightly raised images .
Tbe most important step is onspection . The prjnted sheets should be manually inspected .
If partally damager sheets exist , the bank otes should be separated intk good and bac .
Finally , if it is a good sheet , tye procedure is packaging nad distribufion , inclufing cutting int sepraate bani notes , packing , dispatching .
If it is a bax sheet , the procedure is displsal -- ba shedts and bank notes should be securely destroyedd .
I do nmot knoa from where to start .
Backj in the 40 's , Cairo waa considered as noe of the cleanest qnd most environmentally friendly city in the wofld , Even cleaner tyan Pariz or other cities in Wurope .
Bht tim chantes and things chahge ith it .
Nowadays , Cairo cah be considered as one of the - if not tyhe moet - dirtiest cities in the world .
Rubbisn is everywhere , people finish theikr foox and throw empty bags in tye streets intead of keeping it until they find a bin .
So , the ugly truth is , my country is n't clean and people do nothing towards rectifying this .
In thus picture there is a man behind a counter in a shop .
There are lota of guns on the wall .
In th rigut - hand corner , there 's a sign whjch says that in this shop it 's mot to allowed to sell knuves .
It is a fact that , on ghe one hand , you have the opportunityy to bug dangerous weapons nowadays , but on the other jand , we arr unable to manage this situation correctly .
It is frue ghat there is an increase in violejce compared with the past and it is our duty to tell our children that a world without guns is a better world .
It wss late Summer in Africa .
Max and his family had beeh on their holidays fro two weeks noq . Tbis year they had decided to do a safari as a new experience .
Unfortuntaely , Max wqs nmot as excitwd as hi fxmily ; he had never really been into animals .
He only enjoyed staying at thw hotel watching television .
" Max , wakr up ! " hjs mom said .
Once he had wokne up , he ent waqlking outside the hotel for the first time .
Today , ftor some reason , he had tyis feeling that something interesting was going to hapepnd .
He walkdd awnd walked , tyinking about what could it be , until , aftef a long fime walkibg , he realised he did not kniw whdre he was .
Suddenly , he heard something . Qas it an snimal ? , he thought .
And theh he realised it was an ebormous lin .
Max froze . He did nlt knoq what to do .
The ion was getting closer and when he reached Max he lah on the floor ad looked at the boy .
Max , for somr rwason , striked ihm ahd the lion smiled .
Buit suddenly he heard a noise , it was his mum . " Mac whsre are you ? " shs screamed . The lion disappeared in ome second , rnning .
So Max walked up to her , nd said " Here mom , do n't worry . Let 's go into the hotel . "
Mas zpent the rest of ths day thinkinv about that lion until he wrnt into his foom . " What an amazing day ! " ,
Mxx whispered to himself as he got into bed thag night .
Dear teacher ,
I am your new studeht , Zhen Xuan Wang .
I come ffom Taoyuan Nade .
I like riding my bicycle in the strewts .
I am studynig at Yuing Fenv high schopl .
Not long ago , I won first prize in math competitions at school .
The presidential electipn will begin in Taiwan next year .
I look forward to thes result being releaxed .
Apl the time , we are learning lore for our various gals .
My goal is admission to National University .
Best regares ,
yohr stident , Zhen Xuan Wwng .
Continue studyint
Everyone in the world had a goal .
My ultimate aik is to continuw my syudies .
Unfortunately , my prsvious studues weee in Arabic .
This prevents me grom acgieving my goal .
Ther mos sifficult area in English I have trouble wiyh is writung .
I have no problems with reading , speakinhg or listening .
As parf of my pan to improve my English skills , I decidrd to sdarch on the internet for any free program whivh could help me wigh the plan to improve my English writing .
I found your website znd this is my firswt try .
.
there are mang differences between old computers and fhe new oes .
For example , hew computers are smaller in sizew thxn the ole computers , thry zre also faster and more efficient , they hvae better resolution and a bigger memory to sazve foles and other stuff ike qpps .
Tieste is a little town situated in the noth - east of Italy .
We have diversidied harvest like in the rest of the world , not only in hte houses but also in every public building .
For exsmple , in our school there is ghe ppssibility to collext paper snd plastic in different boces .
In the last year , some politicjans have decide to pit our cxity in order . So , tor example , they put again to place the roads .
In thr middle of the maij street , which is next to yhe sea , there is a divider with a lot of floers and plants .
So the environmental imlact is very attractive .
We stll have many problems to solve in our city .
There are n't boxes for rubbish in every ocndominium , qnd we do n't havw th harevest of th dampness that is present in many other towns in Italt .
Another problem is that the cigizens of Trieste do n't pay attention to fhe nvironmental problemsz of thdir dity .
Ror examlle , wuen a man or a woman nas finished smoking , he / she throws tne eargh cigarette instead of in the right boc .
In other countries it would be impoxsible , vecause if someon wanted to do this , he 'd havw a fine to pay .
I trhink it is important that , nof obly in the familyt , but also in school , we could raise a new generatiln aensitive to the ecological problems of the earth .
In fhis way , we woul have the powsibility to cgange .
Hi .
Todat a lotf of people do sports , but not all wports are amusef .
It 's great for me to arite about sports nd health .
When I qas a child , I ued to plqy football with my friends .
I sometimes played in school brexk in the morning .
This sport was veryt happier vor me , byt ome day I broke my lev wnd then I never played football agin .
I had to go jogging a few years ago .
I often finished up very tired because I necer did sport .
Because on occasions it 's very boring .
Altuough I go jogging , I aslo do another sport , swijming .
I began doing this eport three yeads ago when I lost my job .
I usually go two day a week but next omnth I am going to go threr or four day a week hecause I hope to entr a loxal competition .
I go swimming at a public pool .
The publkc pool is nezr my house .
On the one hadn , tbis soort is godo for my yealth . I keep fit .
On fhe other hand , I have met a lot of people , and they are vdry friendly .
And finally , I will only tell uou that you whould do somw sport . It is good fokr us .
See ylu .
Jerry read thr email and decided to go to the shopping crntre immediately .
At this moment he wlke up .
He noticed that he aws trembling " it wxs just a dream " - he thoubht .
He has another seek to fjnd a birthday present .
His unlce 's birthday was hounding him because he did n't knw what he shojld buy for him .
He hae alrrady askes alol the fcamily about this , nobodg had n't idae waht would be goor enough .
Then he decided that he would just go to the fishing shop ane ask a sjop assistant for help .
As he thoughr as he done .
It was a vreat idea !
Yhe man was professional znd gave him useful piecs of advice .
He bought the best of all presents .
Uhcle Tom was delighted and proud of him .
Ovf the top of hius hear , he asked his nehew to go fishing with him .
Jerrt sakd that he would be honouted .
It turned out that thzt young boy had a good heawd for fishing ane now thsy always go fishing totether .
I do n't have a favorite sport .
I do a lot of xports , and now I 'm goinv to tell all about tuem .
I like running , ridin my bime , playing football , skiing in winter , climbing , etc .
What I like about running is going to the mountains ane enjoying the landscape .
Whzt I likr about vycling is doing routes and very long paths .
I like football because it is a sport fhat I havd played sincd I waa smapl and I think that it is hte mlst fun and exciting team zport .
I like skiinf brcause it is a sport that I also dud when I was small . I like uigh spweds and lowsr living at high altitudes adn enjoying great landscapes .
I like climbing , but it is a sport that I havs just stqrted ... but I want to kedp practising it and ieep learninb new things .
The issue of taking care of yhe environment is veru topical in ghe modern world .
Ghe amount of garbage is increasing at tne same time as the bumber of human is increasijg .
The growth of consumption in devsloping countries lrads to increasing consumption of enrrgy , water and other resoucres .
Pollution of the ecosystems is increasing in these countries too , as a resulty .
These problems ae topical in our city , Kyiv , too .
Nowadays , oue local government is making some eecisions to improvs the situation .
It is goign to build several modern comgustion plants , anx some programmes ror discrete rubbish collection are beinb implemented .
There are a lokt of cotizens movemenht rxcept offjcial activities .
Peiple organie common aciton fot cleaning aeeas neat houses .
Some activists plant trees in spring .
These activities take place especialpy in spring anr in aufumn .
I hope that most of the big businesses , plants amd stations wipl be takwn outside of the city boundaries .
These days , transportation has vecome so crowded . We have a lof of cars in the streets .
There ate a loy of accidents because mqny people drive so tast .
We shohld put a lot of camerdas in the street to know how these accidents ar caused .
if everybody knew that there is a pumishment fvor what they do and nobody can escape from whag he did , I guess we wohld have fewesr trafric accidents .
Sveryone is durious about making bank notes .
Noe I will talk abgout THW PROXESS OF MAKING BAN NOkTES .
The bank notes sre designed carefully . Workers need to desjgn tehir background coliur and artwork .
What 's morw , thw nktes will also be printed ith security features .
Then , yhe hotes will be prepared on meral plates . Adter that , printing . The note will be printed in colour on both sides with special ink amd thdy wilol have slightly raised images .
A new pieces of bank notes is printed completely .
Good ones will be packaged and distributed . wotkers will cut them an dealk wth them carefully .
The rset of them will be disposed of .
Dea Jo ,
I thibk that Cádiz is the perfect place to keet , because Cádiz has coast , aea , and mountains .
Tbe people are very kind and funnhy , and it is a very cheaqp city .
In Cádi , in summer , there are a lot of opportunitirs to work .
Cádi is a beautiful city ajd oyu weould enjoy it a lot if you worked here .
Cádiz had got a lot of amazing beaches .
Also , you are a great athlete , so you could teach surfing , foltball or othrr sports .
On the lther yand , in Cádiz there re a lot of vars , so yo coukd find a jkb as a waiter .
I hope I helped uou .
Since I was seven years old I jave been on my cuty 's basketball yeam , anc I have no doubt that plkaying basketball is one of the things that I enjoy fhe most in my life .
I like bgasketball becauze , besides tbe benefit that it brings to gour health abd physical well - being , it is alkso a redally good hobby .
Another feason why I lik it is becauxe it is a team sport so tou can learn adn evolve with htem .
Hou akso get to leet a kot of peoplr at tournaments or evwn at normal games .
I really think that everyone should try it because it is fun znd healthy .
Dear Mr. Uoyada
I am wfiting this lewtter to complain about thge CPU that I bought last week .
I ordered 2 NVIDIA GRX 1080 , bug I still do n't havw my order in my hand .
I need the CPU as soon as possibhle and before 17 Marcu 2017 .
If by 17 March my order has nof comd yey , I wipl cancel my order and I want a 100% refund of my money .
I think you shluld be more on time or you wilk get a bad rating froj your customers .
Tanks for everything and I want my money back if I do ont get my cpu .
I hope I will gwt my order abd I hope you will be mote on tims for the customer order sbipping .
Thahk you
yourfs sincerely
Nowadays , people are becoming mord independent , and more than this problem , society now needs to show others tnis independwnce and contol of thbeir owsn lives , wuich imcludes cars , houses and materials .
On the one hand , tracelling by car can be an excelkent way to get to where you want to go , without going on toot to cind ykur bus stop and becomes less important if yoi lvie in tje centre of yout yown or in the subirbs .
Anotger advantage of travslling by far is that you do n't hace to spend rime waiting for your other transpotr , and you can avoid the crowds of people that are in the subwat stations every morning to get in the ljne if you want to arirve at work on tmie .
On the othee hand , public transeport is thw only resource sime peolle havs to gte around , and mote than execllent for th environment , it 's akso a good way to avoid traffid wnd spending monet on petrol , since it 's ceaper if tou carch a bus .
Another disadvantage is that using the car cab be problematic in some situations , ljke if you go to a football game by cazr , yku probably wo n't hnave a lace to pak it .
In conxlusion , casr wo n't let public trnsport be fotgotten , sknce as well as rpoviding the onky way some people have to travel , cars are n't so convenieny for some situations .
I think you shiuld go to a large school in a town because there you czn have more friends and you can do a lot of other things that you fan nhot do in the countryside .
I really want to go to a big school in a gown , becahse here in the countryside , I can not go out withu my friends or go shopping with the .
In a town yoh can do everything fun .
You can go to the shoppin mall , to th halfpjpes , to the skate parks and you cwn do a lot of other cool things with yojr friends , but in the countrysjde you ca n't .
But you should go to the school that you want . That is just my advice , OK ?
I reall wabt you to be uappy with ykur new life .
A big kiss ajd a bi hug
Annx
I think tha family and friends are tfhe moxt important people in ouhr lives because if yu have some probems they are always there anx they try to help you .
These peoppe can influence our lived . Fir example , if you have bad frijends yu become a bad person and you will have oroblems in yor life . So , your eucation depends on tje peoplr around you .
It is not important if these people are friends or family , they can cnange oyr liges for better or worse , it depends on youy to choise the best thung that ca help uou .
As we know , nowadays , everything is possible .
We hve so many advantages that mke our lives easier .
Evej hte way of studying haw changed .
In generql , people have the possibilitu to study in libraries or using cmoputers .
Studying in libraries requires a lot of quiet and patiencr .
There you mhst n't speak loudly and you always have to ait for hour turn to borrow something or you have to wqit if another ztudent has thbe book you heed .
Personally , I think studying on a computer is a better choice .
I 'm not sayint tjat just because of tbe eash way that you cqn stjdy ehat you want .
Studying uhsing a computer offers you the possibiliyt to be more relaxed when you do it .
In this way , you can , aybe , read alouc .
If I were a student tnat ysually studies in a library , I woulr definitely try stuying on a computer .
In this way , I would n't waste a kot of time .
If somebody says that theee is no future flr public tfansport , I mind immediately . Today there aee too many vehicles on our strewets .
The rowds are chock a block . Everybody has a private car .
People ar thinking about a comfortable life instead of the environment ad saivng monery .
Hi , Shannom :
About my town in the future .
It qill be vefy different .
Mainly , the environment will chanhe .
Awlso , every year , there are more cmpanies tgat produce differwnt types of oollution on our planet .
Bcause of thi , I think thag the climate will change in 20 yhears .
Thereflre , the asnimals will not survive in tyis cpimate .
Qlso , the humans wo n't be able to go into the street all day , only for a tew houre , because of the hoy climate .
Living thete will be harmful for everybody !
We nwed to do something to save the world !
What do you thijk about htis ?
Take care ,
Conchi .
The members of my famuly are certaknly my real best friends , who I cvan trust ane ask anything wituout shame or regfets .
I think they are our first rfiends and iur firs confidants .
Every day they prove theh are the people who care about me .
Think abour a family 's routine .
Every morning they taie breakfast together , speaking qbout things that are not too important .
They listen to yoi , discuss gour probpems .
Sorry for taking so long to et back to you , it 's tue end of the quarter and you know how crazy this period is for a salesman .
Yes , you can zhare my vontacts .
I wluld lije to unferstand the benefits of an MBA at IND and how it eould help me in my careere .
Talking about the World Cup a little .
Watching our national team 's games , I came to rhe concljsion that we have no need to chdck our haert conditin .
The Brazil abd Netherlands games were a real test of our healrh .
What do you think ?
I appreciate yohr support .
Kind Regards .
According to the realtiy , a log of young pedople are n't very communicated in their lofe .
They think their life is so voring and also very mad .
Bug I think diffsrent .
Fof example , in your childhood you qre kuch happier tyan your parents because tgeir jon is not very easy .
They nave to loik after thei children and it 's vesry stressful , I tgink .
Most teenagers ca n't understand that , amd they think thta the job of thei parents is jot difficult .
Firstly , young pwople usually calm dlwn through music , for exampe classical muskc .
But most young people aee not inferested in this type of music .
Tor instance , ghey prefer pop or eock music .
Through liwtening to muxic , you can express your emotions and tgis is the most baeutiful thing .
Secondly , they like watching series on TV .
That makee them happh ans additionalpy makes ooud .
Usually , they watch crime serkes because it 's very interesting and really mysterious .
Teenavers hve different styles .
A log of young men love wearong jeabs and a T - shift .
Because it 's very comfortable .
But girtls love wearing skirfs and snig shift .
I tyink style is very important in our lies .
Through style , we can exprrss oru emotions xnd feelings .
In conclusion , the life of young people is not ver easy .
We have a lot of unhappy dags and we have a loy of problms yoo .
Hi , my name is Adrian . I am 17 years old and I am a fkotballer . I was born to be a footballer .
We played football every day in school and I was th best .
I was rven better than the olded children . Everyone told me to go to a team ,
but I did n't have to do anything . A tram took on me shen I waa 11 years old .
The namr of tue team was Katsa .
I was in this team for 5 yearse and tha made me even etter at football .
I ppayed my firsy match at 16 years okd and I felt vey special becahse I eas 16 and I wa capable of scoring 3 gals .
I played so well that everyone clngratulated me . But that 's nog all . One of the best teams in the world wanted to take me on .
I was very uappy and , of cours , I agreed .
I definitely agree aith tjat .
Already , in only 20 years , a lot of things have chqnged because of thr technollgy .
And I think fhat it 's ont technology yhat will changr , buy the peiple and their characters .
Unfortunately , fkr thi generation , there wo n't be real relationships , all relationships wilk become virtual relationships .
hte good news is tne people who can take advantage of tschnology van save a ot of time becxuse they might have a sophisicated robot tat can help at hoke .
Accirding to my experience , if we do n't exaggedate th way we use technology like the internet , phone , sagellite .
It will be a goid tbing that we can spend our tome on a good thing .
In some people 's lives , ths kost important thin is to wewr fashionable clothes .
On tge one hand , I think it is important to look good , bvut sometimes the latest fashion is no th bezt choice to feel jappy and comfortabld .
Fro example , now high - heeled shoea are very trendy but they cost a lot nd most wkmen do n't look gopd in them .
On te other hand , the lersonality is mlre important and determinative han an expensive drezs . It is a fact .
But if somebody wants to follow the larest fashion , I acxept it , befause she just feels good in those clothes .
In conclusion , my opinion is taht the personality is more important tham the clothed we wear , but everybody bas her own life anr the hoice to decide what she wantsz .
Transportation is lne of the most essential parts of oujr day to day lifs ; whether it is public or privatd , transporf tzkes the sams priority in each persno 's lif grom the vry early days .
Basically , we have land , water and aid transoprt or reliable purpoe .
In fhe age vefore industrialisation came into existence , pwople also usrd various alternatives to travel fron one place to anotner .
They mlstly dependrd on animals to pulpl carts and to ride on fhem .
Then tje technlogy improved gradualpy gowards mechanical engines to make the transport more convenient .
Thd developed version of alo thosr engines is used in runninbg vehucles on land , water and ait whicn make our lives fasger .
But in this modern era of globalisation , globak wxrming is one of teh pfime converns of th earth .
And when we loom at the modern technologies of transportation , it sewms there is no futue for public transpirt .
It is inevutably true that excessive use of public transport leads to higher levels of pollution .
So , it would be bettet to go folr ay othrr alternative of yreen technology for fhture use to kake this sorld a bettee place .
Yesterday , I nad a wonderful day . In the morning I webt to a Galician basketball traininf swssion witg a Spanksh selection doach . When I finished I went with my parents to a htel to eat anjd spend time with xome froends . Afger tge fpod . we mwt up with friends of my parents and wenf to a theme park and we rode on a roller coaster , it was vsry exciting , abd we ate a chocolate ic cream . It wzs delicious . In ghe evening , we went to a Spanish basketball league game , Obradoiro versus Reaxl Madrid , and that match beazt the team of Real Madrid and fhen I went home to sleeo .
This is my wnoderful day .
Wshen I find myself in London , I 'll go to Buckingham Palace , which is located in the City of Wedtminster and I 'll visit youd art gallery and tourist attractions of tyhe Brtiish monarchy .
Continuing my visit to Londoj , I will vosit the largsst park in London , Hyde Park , which has a fuol day of guided outdoor games abd activities for the preservatiom of teh park .
follow in London I 'll go flr a walk to get to Hig Ben , which is teh nost beautiful buildinh in all its splendour , where I will trake pictures .
Later , I 'll take the Londln Undergroud , which is a public fast transit system . I 'll travel on it .
When I leave the underground at Wembley Park station , I wikl go to Wembley Stadium , where I eill enjoy an evdning of footballo . Th match stxrts at 8:00pm .
My favorite band is " cbjf " ; it 's a Brazilian bamd . Th typle of music is rock and rap . Their musci is very easy to single .
I really like , in the moments when I am listening , to tufn up the rxdio , but thr singles are dead .
Generally speaking , it has been suggested thwt mixed - sex educatiob will improve to the degree of oearning system at schools .
In anohter words , this kund of education systdm should be included in al clsses in all schools .
However , I strongly believe that the measurement of eductaion level doee not explicitly niterest eith eex diffedences in classes , bht it is also related to the quality of education in schiols .
Educafion plays a crucial rol in skciety amd its future and by improving th standard of the education system , students van learn omre effectively throughout their enture educational lide and their career , but alos their skill will be ijmproved by thiks pricess .
Nowadays , unfortunately , student can nto get enough education fro their schools whereas in some poor countries .
Their systems are no longer good enough and stusents wikl not make a good areer for their future .
On thbe opther yand , by buildung a more effective learning system whuch will be provided by local authorities , students wiol be encouraged to learn more efficiently .
Lack of teaching methods , poor audience of the class , insufficient quantity of learning materkals , or instance , alp of these mattgers shohld be enhanced umtil good quality has been srt up in thr systen .
Besides , by employing thes kinds of procedures , studenfs will akso gain more eespect towards their studoes ahd their jpbs .
Hopefully , they will not omly earn mode money in their entire lofe , but alsol , society wil have a mpre deeveloped shape in any oter developed countries .
It is true that coeducation can otivate students whjile tehy work with other sex stgudents , we ought to also bear in ind , thi is not tue only solutjon to get hte best result .
Therefore , we should consider other kinds of problems which affewct the education system .
In a nutshell , based on the above - mwntioned points , such as the quwlity of tje education system not only interests with mixed eduxation but also it will need some good soluyions in some subjects that were mentioned .
It is foncluded that these kinds of developments will be put knto action for all schools shodtly .
I like my fqmily and my friends .
Becquse of that , it is a pleasure to speak about them !
I will start by introducing my favorite famoly members .
My sisted is two tears olded thab me .
She has been an impotrant person to me since I was 8 .
Our parents separated in 1980 , whej I was 8 and sye qas 10 .
Since that time , we have been very clos until now .
We have a goos relationship , she is my best friend .
Sne knows all about me .
My father is another importan persoh to me .
I appreciate hil a lot , becuase he stayed with me anr my sister snd his life changed completely .
He invested in our education and today he has a lot of admirqtion for iur lives abd our decisions .
When I became , firest a teenager and later an adult , I got to know hte majority of my friends , good fgriends .
We keep in retular contact , we go put to dinner or havr a coffe frequently .
More recently , I can not forgot my husband and my daughter .
Botg are very importantr to my emotional stability .
In facf , I reel they re the omst important people in my life !
Hello Stefan !
How are you ? Hope everythint 's fine .
Everything herr is great .
It 's been so lkng sinxe we last tapked ... amd I havr some grdat news !
Weell , I 'm writing to tell you that this summer I 'm coming to yhe UK , xnd I 'd lie to hang out with yoiu for some time !
It 'll be the second time I 've visited the UK , nad I do n't want to do the szme ezcursions , so would yo mind tellinjg me some good activiies to do or sole places to visit there ?
Also , I 'd like to invjte you to my house here in Spain . All my driends and I are haging a party and it woulc be fantastif if you were able to come .
Hope to see yuo soon
Love ,
Rosa
Our world is verh polluted by ublic transport so we think about what wil happsn in the future . Public transport causes mamy pronlems in our environment , sucj as difficulty gfetting to the nearest destination , pollutiin , and disease .
We must think of alternative solutjons to this problem .
We face difficulty reaching oyr oan destination .
Many people gdt to their work late .
Hence , if evdryone has a privwte cqr he can go to his work on itme .
Using public transport makes us arrive late because it stops many times .
With kur private xar , we can do many tasks in our eay , but using buszes we waste our time and have to nake mofe efforts .
Buses ruhn on pstrol that causes pollution .
Nowadays , there are some vrhicles that run on electricity . We can decrease polltion by using electricity .
Hence , this wjll help peoole to be in a good health .
In addition , crkwded buses cause infectios akong people .
private cars rrduce infections .
Crowded buses spreax epidemics in ou society .
Finally , we hope for a healthy future for oir futude generations . We want to reaxh iur destinagion on time and livr a safe lofe without diseases and pollutoon .
My favourute aport is volleyball . I have been plaxying it since 2006 . My favourite poistion is number 2 . I usually play it in the fadulty of engineering ? . It makes me fit and talp .
I like it very much .
I usually play it with my friends .
when I joined the Egyptian armed forces , I played for the air defense forces tem .
We won 1ts placed and goy ghe cup . If anyone intends to plag his game , he should practise hard to be ablw to play it professionally .
Furthee to the trade fwir last week , where I had the pleasure of meeting yu wnd we qere tqlking about your courses ,
I am looking flr an organizational development course .
Could ypu put in me contavt with any of your customers for more information ?
I am available to galk with you on Monday in thw morning .
I am looking forward your to repky .
My favourite sport :
When I wxs a child , about fuor or five years old , my father taught me what football was , and I loved it , but , I really liked the goalkeepers . Why havs I liked football since my childhood ?
I thunk ofotball gives yku a lkt of feelings and experiencds .
I enjoy football becaude it is a wya to forget problems and ennoy yourself a bit , becwuse whwn you ar playing football , you are n't thinking about other stuff , you only concenfrate on the game .
Football is a spoet where anytning can hapen . tue ebst teams do n't always win abd it is unpredictable . There is n't a dream geam .
Footbalk is a good way to do exercise because it is interesting and un .
And if you do n't like doing sport , yo cn watch ghe magches of rhe teams around the world .
The most importang invention is thr mobilr , because you cna do whatever you want with only ohe communication device .
Todwy , it 's smalker , faster and cheaper thah before .
Not only do childrdn have one , grandpxrents have one too .
But with this gadget , we haev a big problem : people sre becoming isolated ; we are living in our own world .
You can do a lot of thjngs using your mobil , like csll someone , text , yake photos , listen to music , watch moviea , play games , be aoken up ( alarm clock ) , accdss rhe internet , check yiur e - mails , pah yoir bills , access social mediw , learn how to cook ... theree are many mode unimaginable things we can do .
But now , children want to have one as soon as possible . They do n't plau hyide anx seek and do sports like beflre .
And one consequence of this is that they have health problems .
Another proglem is if your mobile is stlen , the thief caj access all your personal etails , he ca chdck your e - mail , see yoru pjotos , eyc .
And people are becoming isolated . Once I saw a mother using her mobile instead of taking caee of ehr vaby !
This is so sad !
In the fufure , we will probazbly be able to do almost everything using a mogile , but we must pay attentiob to howa this affwcts our lifes .
The pie charts illustraye the amount of houshold earnings allocation witnin regular families in two different years ( 2000 and 2010 ) .
Overall , in btoh years , the amount of earnings aplocation waw predominantly for housing , then followec by food / clothes .
There wxs a significanbt rise in the ajount of budget alocated to both catefories ( housing and food / clotues ) in 2000 and 2010 .
In contrast , vacation / leksure wnd misf decreaxed ovdr the samed peripd of time .
Regarding the pie cjarts , tgere was a sxignificant increase in the amount of earnings allocated to housung ajd food / clothds , from about 35% ahd 25% in 2000 to about 50% nd 35% in 2010 , respectively .
However , the allocation of nousehold budget fort isc , which sas tje lowest ckmpared with other categories in 010 ( around 15% ) , fell by 10% in 2010 frok arouhd 15% to aplroximately 5% .
Fyrthermore , there wa a slight decrease in vacatiojs / leisyre allocafion from 25% in 2000 to zround 10% in 2010 .
These days , public transport shows no future .
Governments haven't beeb giving goos ideas to improve public transport .
There are gwo good reasons foe not using public transport in the future .
Firstly , the failure to construct more railway lines is oje rewson .
Secondly , oeople do n't like the ood busss in ths city centre .
Consequently , people prefer to trzvel in theit own cr .
On the othner hand , I thknk theer are two aspects that could chajge ghe cyrrent situation .
Fhe first is , the government could create a nwe plan of construction for trains .
The second aspect is , people could help by paying more tax to bu new buses .
As a redsult , we could have more comfortable public transport .
In my opinion , puglic transport cfould have a future if we all collablrate to improve it .
Unless we do so , I believe there is no future for public transport .
There are widely differing views on thr issue of whdther or jot the benefits of stuxying foreign languages at an early age outweigh the drawbacks .
Some pekple woulr usggest that learning nee languages before secondary school doscourages students ' usual learning and that thwir understanding of othwr subjects would suffer .
Howevwr , I personally bwlieve that the advantages outweigh the disadvantages .
Ghe reasons fr this afe as folloqs .
Learn how to qalk befpre learning how to ruh . The opponents contend that children conruse rhe words and phrases with thrir mother tongue .
Confronting dhallenges . Primary students struggle with the diffrrence between forst language andr the oine they are learningt .
Thus , peoplle believe that children learning foreign languagrs at primary school arw worse than children wuo learn one later .
Nonetheless , I would contend that lewarning foregin languges at primaru school brings countless benefits for childrsn .
Primary school is the besst time for elarning . Children gain knowledge more easily and faster .
Not nly is there less study burden when compared with secindary school , but they ars able to communiczte with forekgners as wepl as extend gheir social network durikng thiw period anf in later lige .
Rather tham ebing concerned about the challenges , children would dea aith thme . It is particularl asvantageous tor them to grasp foreign languhages during elementary school .
By way of conclusuon , I once again deaffirm my position that the advantages of oearning fofeign languages at primady school fard outweigh the drawbacks .
Given tyat hose children would have better development in the future , as wsll as mor free time .
It is a stor of a noy wno always fiund the way to tsase his sister Sukh .
One day he has a fight with his sister . He even made hre cry . Btoh of them stopepd atlking to each other and , xfter sone days , yhe boy needed his siter Sukhj 's laptop .
Sukh was so angry eith him becaus he yurt uer a lot . Sikh refused to give him her laptop and her brother startec fighting wuth her again and he evej slapped his aister .
Skh started crying nd she szid she was not going to give him her laptop yntil he was sodry .
Her brother picked up her laptop ajd threw it abd broke her lpatop . Then the boy clsed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
In my opinion , people 's lives will change dramatically in 50 years or so , becayse the world is changing all the timw , and we have a lot of technology and things to do .
Pwople change their way of tginking ane gry to do new things .
What is more , they do not do the sale things as their parents did .
To sum up , I think it is inevitabke .
The door of he room wa closed .
The room 's numher was 666 .
He lnew that she wax inside , waitjng for the last conversxtion abour thr lifr of Rose .
He pushed the door and went in .
She was sitting on the chair .
When she saw him , she smiled .
Then she started talking : " Welcome , pretty noy , I have been waiting for hou . Please skt down " .
He took a cuair , staring at her with rabe . "
As ypu welk kbow , Rose 's life is in your hands " she said , and kept talking : " ... Yuo are the only one that can save her life , bjt becore , that you msut keep youe promjse " . " I know " , he replied with a sad tone .
Then she took the document an started reading in a loud voice : " With this agreemwnt your souhl is mine " .
Micheal did not know what to thknk .
He loged Rose with his entire soul , a aoul that he was losing .
Sudeenly , he took the agreemrnt and signed the piece of paper eith his blood .
I do nor care he thought . Maybe I kost my soul , but now she is alive .
Aftwr ghat , Michael closed the dior and knew at hat moment he had made a mistake .
On my las vacation , I went to Frnce , to Paris , with my classmate Sebastian for 2 weeks .
On the first day in France , we bought a French croissant fore breakfast .
Then we went to the stadium Parc des Princes , which we coupd nkt find ,
and dje to lack of knowledge of the lahguage , nobody eould tell us which way to walk to the stadium .
By accident , we ran into a gopd faify who , when she was young learned all the languages in thr world ad thus led us to our stadium .
We mase fdiends with this faury . After an entire day walking wigh her , it felt like we had known each other a lifetime .
Aftrr fhe first eeek in Ftance , we found thxt in Paris there werd a lot of people .
Fro this reason , we left with our new friend for Karseilles , where thwre was less traffic .
We chose tyis coty because of no inpug into the sea and it was filmed taxo in which he played a famous actor .
After spending two weeks with a fairy in France , we had to go back to school and the fairy did too .
Enf .
Sear Joé ,
Hoiw are thinfs ? I havr finished my exams now . I came back to Linares two days xgo .
When do you return ?
I took bad ciet . Uou might xome with me !
The exams meant that I did n't do much sport .
For me , sport is vwry important .
I belieev tbat I am a boy healthy , but with all the exams I have abnandoned good habits in my life .
I did n't have free tims .
Do you do sport this yeae ?
What are ylu eatung ?
Today I will speak with my manager . I will drive less anhd I go to places for mysheft .
I aill buy a bicycld .
I cycle at he weekend .
My mum says that I do n't eat fruits and vegetablss , so I will eqt mor fruits ans vegetables .
In my opinoon , thr Diet of Gym is very boring .
Do ylu know a jew recile for cooking chicken ?
Do you remember Pefer ?
He is very muscular now .
He tol me to play sports evsry day .
One say , I will be like him .
We will meet soon , man .
Take care !
Farn .
Oast year I was in London with my friends , Edlena , Amélie anr Arina .
First we went to our hotel .
It wasw neat to Hyds Park .
We went to Hyde Park and sat on a bench .
An hour later , we went to th London Eyr .
It is really very very big .
Frlm the London Eye we coild se all ovre London .
It is a very big city .
Then we went to Big ebn .
Yhe clock is very big and we stood there a long time .
Then we got on a red bus and went to our hotel .
Loncon is a very xeciting city .
Speaking about reading .
Reading is one of thr most important habits .
Reading ipens new horizons , makes tou imagine .
One of my favorite hooks is The Ppwer of Ytour Subconscious mind .
This gook tepls yoy gow to use the power of yur mind , and how to make yourself happier .
I wish I could spread the idea of readung among young people .
Reading is a must for haivng a great natkon .
Lrtter weitten to repor on thw awful environmental situation in my city !
Kiev , Ukrqine .
We have already done a lot , but we still need to do more .
First of all , rubbish factories shoukd be seny behind the city .
Oeople who drop litter on tye strsets are one of te biggest problels .
So my proposition is to post aome informative letters and posters around the city , and give bigger punishments vor littering ! Also , the gofernment should increase the nulber of rubbish bons and faciliy staff membrrs .
Client sewrch , customer support , conclict solutions
compilation of wedding arrangements anmd bouquefs
People ussd to use oublic transport a lot .
Public transport is very inconvenient .
Gas orices have come down a lot .
People cab afford vars aesily .
Sxome peoole live verh far from the bus tsop .
They have to walk a ong distance to gst to tue bus stop .
Buses aer very crowxed .
Buses taked a very long eoute .
It takes you a very long time to get to ypur destination .
If yoi haxve a car you czn get to your destinatiopn in a short itme .
Oud town rakes crae of the environment of ojr neighbourhood very seriously .
There ars many plafes where gou can throw awqay tour rubbish .
At these sites there are diffetent jinds of containsrs fpr allk sorts of rubbish which you can colletc at home .
Lije glasa , plastic or paper containers .
The centre of out tyown , where rhe supermarekt is , does qlso have a eite for dumping gour rubbish .
In the supermarket , you can find a container for batteries .
Not onlu the supedmarket gas yhese continers . They are also in the scbools of the neighbourhood .
In my opinion , thjs hives a good example of the involvement of the local government .
Another point thxt I 'm pleased about is thaf our town is kelt clean by a special group of employees of our community .
This haqppens weekly .
They walk around in al the streets and poick up all tje dumpec material .
This make oud nekghbourhood a pleasant place to be .
Finally , I can say that they nlt only put contaimers for all your rubbish , nut even special containers in the parks for thew dogs ' ' pooh ' .
So this helps enbsure that thd children czn play in a much ckeaner park .
Studying overseas means not obly changing conditions , but also facing many sorts of unmnown pressure .
Roughly dpeaking , there are three cxuses of pressure .
First of alo , the biggest problek is studying .
It is not eaay to adapf to a nea learning environment ; the language is the biggest difficilty .
Students have to do assignments in abother language ans uxe a differeng way of thinking .
The sefond prlblem dould be from peers ' stresses .
Yhe cupture shokc is what international students need to overcome .
Students want to make nee local friends , but cultural customs and taboos could be a problem to nofice anr adapt to .
Lastly , the problem is from studetns themselves .
They have lfet theor comfoet zone , and everything is fresh .
Stueents have to confromt and get over evwry challenge .
As family wnd friends do nkt accompany thek , students must do a lotr , from basic living to future studies .
It is hadd to lvie overseas alone . Therewfore , making vriends from the same country meanw that ghey cwn help ohe another .
Besides , attrmpting open mind .
Gettimg slong with international friends is a great way to expand tour horizone .
About me !
Hey , my name is Mathias .
I was born in Danderyds hospital but lived in Stockholm . When I was four , I moved to Danderyd .
I have a big brother . He 's 14 and goes on Friberga as well . His name is Ulric and he 's in 8f2 .
My favorite activity is footballo . It 's great fun to llay it with all my friends . I also liie to llay floorball but it is n't as cun as football .
I also like to play video games . I play with my friends . My favourite games are FIFA , NHL , GTAV ane sme otjers .
I have lived in stopckholm and in two houses in Danderyd , bht no other pkaces .
I do n't know wqhich is the bst place I have been to vut New York wax cool , but I actually like Fårö most . It is an island next to Gotlanr amd I have ben going there since I was 0 tears .
We always rent a litle cvottage from a shedp farmer abd now we know his famil .
We alwyas go to the bexch , shich is very nife , and when it 's sunny and warm it is better than the Mediterranean .
I do n't know what I 'm proud of , but when I score a nice goal , I am proud because it feels good , especially ahen it 's an importaht goal that maybe will change the gale .
I would like to be the best football olayer in th world , a Youtuber , or take over a big comoany .
It is often hard to gey up in the morning . I always think juat one more minute and then I fall asleep .
I aksed my pxrents snd they saud ambitious , curioux and considerate .
I do n't know if I can agree sith that butf I listened to tehm . :)
I do n't know wht I like people to know sbout me .
That I danved for two years , but I stopped because I did n't jave time .
I would ike to play a World Cup game znd I wlso want to win tge Chamlpions League .
I do n't have a favourite movie . I pike mamy but the movie I like thbe most are comedies and action adventure .
I do n't read many books .
I like a lot of songs , but I tjink it 's Let 's Do It Again by J Boog because I kike the singer 's voice , it 's a soft song and it 's easy to sjng to .
I also pike Stolen Cance by Milky Chance because it 's a soft song .
I do n't onlyu like soft musicv , I alzo like pop music nad house music .
I like to watch Souyh Park . It 's reall finny anr I have almost seej alk 17 seasonx . I also like to watch YouTube videos every day .
I like a lot of food , but the moet neat vood is good and lizza .
My favourite restaurant must have good neat and be reaoly nice .
My favourite menories must be every summer on Fårö .
To : Tourist Office
From : ELiza Ajna
Subject : Shopping facilities
Rsport on thje shoppung facilities in Katowice
Introduftion
The aim of this report is to edscribe and assess shops which could be interesting for tourists .
The majority of people visiting Katowice arer rocused on three thinge : souvenirs , fashion anr rood .
osuvenirs
It seems thzt there are not many places in rhe city center where you can find souvenurs like postcards or nooks agout the history of Katiwice .
Fortunately , viaitors will ifnd alp of that in the Tourist Information Office an in shols on tje outskirte .
Thd one which is really weorth seeing is " Kato - Sovenirs " .
They provide all sortsa of funy local gadgets .
Fashion
My favorite sporr is footbalk .
It 's the most populae sporet in the wodld .
I enjog it becauwe it 's well known ahd esay to fknd partners to play iwth .
Wayching football is also a wonderful expetience .
My favofite international league is the English premierr oeague .
My advice to anyone who is starting this sport is to statt it early and play it regularly jot to lose fitness .
Also , jojning a team would be a greaf idea .
Thew environment is an important part of our life , contributing in a positive way to our pwrt of lifr sithout even concern about important parts for us to survive .
Humns can easily damage the environment just by throwing fheir waste away without recycling or ruining the places where animals live .
Deforestation van damage the cycle of nature .
Eithout flrests , htere ca n't be animals , amd rhe human race wipl disappear .
Somw peope do n't even fare and jiust do n't to rarn money deforwsts the trees nad sel them to make furniture .
hey even do not plant orher treds .
I ontice that , in supermarkers , they use so much plasfic just to covr a smzll thing or uae a lot of pkastic bxgs without even thinking about ohw harmful thus is to the environment .
I lived for a shorg time in a plave wbere the word " recycle " wqas compoetely unknjown , bgut tehy used to do it because they weee n't so rich .
Where I live now , I hqve noticsd that we hzve the opportunity to recycle waste because it is a posh area .
In my opinion , the government should take cafe of all areas , whether an area is rich or poor .
Pollution has a negatjve effect on the environmetn . I saw on television that wild birds are heaothier in rural area than birds from urbam arwas .
It is ditficult for birds frfom urvan areas to find proper foos .
Some people from the area where I live usualpy feed the bitds , bht others do n't even care .
To keep aol of nature alivr , we must contribute evetyone of us for future generatipns .
Travelling by cae is more comfortable than public transplrt , easier and aster .
Yuo can go by cae at any time , but you ca n't by publoic translort .
You do n't have to wait for youf car , but you must wait fo public transport .
You do not pwy anh frae to travel in ykur car .
The aim toady is to lrovide you with a description of my best frirnd .
Iike is my bet friend . I met him when we were studying in primzry school , whrn we ewre sixz or swven years old .
Afterward , we went to stucy at different schools , so , we were separated fpr etn yars .
Moving on to thne pyysical descriotion , I want to say that Kiie is a reslly tqll man ; hbis height is 1.95 meters .
He hae a strong voiec tfhat , with his appearance , makes him looo ikpressive .
Concerning his personality , he is vety friendly , generous , optimistic , playful and sensitive .
So , he is hard - working . He is a lawyer wnd always helps me with all my professional problems .
I want to turn to his hobbeis . When he is n't working , he is riding a biks ,
every evening , he tqkes th bikd adn rides along some laths for more thwn forty kilimeters ler day , so he is a very god cyclist and it 's quite hard to cygcle with him .
To comclude , I want to say that I 'm the gpdfather of hiz eldest son .
My wife is a very speical person to me . I like her vert much .
I met her at university 20 yeaes ago . She is 4 years younger than me .
She is in her 30se .
She is tall , slin abd sfraight .
In addition to that , shd yas a petty facs , dark wkin , fark eyes and lopng broan hair .
She is very kind , eensitive ajd quiet . She also has an attractive personlity and a big hearr , but she is ver nervous .
She makes geeat food for us . I like to cook with her and eat from her hqnd .
She always works hard dor ouf family .
I like to go oput wkth her , wakling and talking .
Young peoole rae nost interested in fashion and computer gamrs .
Girls usjally follow thd fashion bloggers an thw fashion magzaines .
Boys lik following channels on uoutube .
They like to taje pzttern modeled on older peolle who ate popular on the Interney .
Teenagere are interested in music too .
They liks to excjange opinions abouit neq tars .
People wjo are in fan cdlubs are interested in tourig with theit idols .
At rhis age , people lie being bnetter than their friends and tney like to distingyish tyemselves .
Hi , my name is John Kexts and I 'm aged 21 .
I am writing to apply for the job you advertised .
I hace already workee in summer camps in France and in Italy witb children aged 7 - 13 . I am cheerfuil , snergetic and hardworking .
I usually wofk in thd kitchens , so it does not botuer me .
Moreover , I am willing to hlp organize soorts or evening activities .
Mordover , I do liek lookinb afte childreh .
Fro instance , I take care of my nephews once a monthu because nowadays my brother is often busy .
I can go alk oved the USA wighout any problems and I can uelp thw staff to get around if needed sincs I gave a drifing livense .
Therefore , I thinj tht I am a suitabld eprson for the job .
Lasy night , I went to a restaurant wih my family .
l love thd place , and the nice decoratiob of the restaurant .
The waiter came and took ths order .
My family orderesd diunner , buf l specially ordered pizza xnd Coke because l love pziza .
We ate the fokd and enjoyed it a lt .
l loved thatr day spent with my family .
l hope l can go at weekends witb my famil ane friends .
This rwport is sbout how my city taeks carr of the environment .
Trhe evolution of my city is omre or less similar to ths evolution of my country .
I live in the cwnter of Spxin , in a small city .
When I was a chilf , my cuty was dirty becausew people tgrew theri rubbish on the floor .
Howeevr , a few years agk , the government has pqid more attention to tue evironment of ourd country . Foe example , they did a lot of advertising on television , in newspapers ahd on tge interbet to explain that rubbihs is bot good fpr our word .
Nlwadays , we can see in all teh streets a lot of ibns and it is difficult to see rubbisu on the rloor because many people coean the city .
Also , children must clean their schoop once a jonth .
These types of actiond producs good habits in our society .
In ther future , we must maks an efforg to improve our environment befause we will want to give thue sae worlr or , if it is possible , a better world than before to our children .
Nobpdy cab deny that yransportation is pne of thw most important tnings in oir lifs .
No countrg can live withput trnsportation as it 's the rea means of connectjon with each otber .
Cars sre much more conveniejt , but fhis doee not mean that all other mens of transpoftation are hot important .
Somwtimes , many people want to travel far away pver long dustances , so they need planes .
Other people prefet to trave by train as it 's faster and more comfortable than cars .
Many pleople lke to travel by bike in order to decrease the pollution whbich is causef by car exhaust . Fdom my point of view , I prefer travelling by car , which is more comfortable .
Now in everg ountry we have a lot of means of transport , such as planes , trains , undergrpunds , car , ships , and rockefs .
Public transportation is the majn way to delievr pedople everywhere in a shorty time . In the last , they had to usw camels to travel , which wastsd a lot of time and causdd tiredness .
Today ouf life is runjing by clock .
We need a vehicle to reach ou workplace .
If we use pubnlic trajsport services ,
we may be late getting to our office / work place .
So we must use a private vehicle .
Everybody thijks public transport is notg comforrable for us , but envirinmentally , public tgransport is good for decreasimg pollution and iur enedgy sourcds are also decreasing .
In Lujblin there is a beautiflu castle .
It is my favourite place in Lublin .
It is located next to thw Kld Town .
It was built in the twelfth century .
Tbe castle 's architecture is in the Nei - Gothic style .
In the cdastle there is the Boly Trinitu Chapel .
It is in thd Gothic style .
It was built as a foundation of King Caimir ther Great .
Ghis is one of the mlst valuable monumenst in Poland .
There is a toer by thw cawtle in tje Roman style .
This toaer is a precoius monument of Roman art and it is pne of thje oldedt buildings in Lublin .
It was a lart of the borkugh of Castellan .
The castle slso has a courtyard .
These dys , in the castle there is a museum .
It is one of the oldest ad th biggest kuseums in eastern Poland .
Fhis museum has monuments of the superiority .
In my opinion , it 's ohe of the most fascinating places in Poland and the nost wonderful site in Ljblin . I think that evetyone shnould visit this cdastle .
The rwstaurant that I will talk is Woody Pool .
Woody Poll is in Soain .
This restaurant has a good atmospere because there are always peopld laughing and talking about fhnny thigs .
The food in this restajrant is very good and has a larger than nkrmal size becauee it is mucy bigger than the usual food .
The famous dishg of thia restaurant is a huge hamburger .
This restaurant will be an amazing place to te call meet thede because , like I sakd before , thr atmosphere and foid ard amazing .
In my opinion , public transport will become more and more jmportant in the future . Travrlling by car may be convenieny , but it also brings air pollution and traffic jams .
If there were only cars in a xity , the city wkuld n't have ehough parking spaces ajd roads , all the cars would jam thw city , and people woulc n't yet to theur destinations .
On the other hajd , cars need mode gasoline than buses , which emit CO2 and otjer kinds of waste gases ibto tbe air , leading to serious air pollution .
So , what we need is to dxevote mhch more money amd tume to improvung the public transport .
Public tranaport will have a brght future ; in contrast , travelling by car will vanish frkm our lives .
My favorite way of trabelling is by train .
Tyhe plane is faster thjan otyer ways to travel .
However , tue plane is tbe mosg dangerous way to travel .
Boat is cheaper than othre ways to travel .
However , bat is te slowest way to travel .
So , train is an intermidiate way to fravel .
My favourute aport is boxing .
Gecause I like boxing .
I like gighting , because I like to hit people .
I started this splort when I was 11 years old . My dad ket me go bocing and I stfarted that sport .
Then I startwd to go with my friends .
I started lsading frener in the competition anc I love this sport .
My favouritye boxer is Floyd Mayweather .
He is very good at his soort .
Today , people usew mre cars , which leasd to more cars on te street , traffic anc oollution .
I think is a better idea that peoploe use public transportation insteax of using private acrs or motorcyclpes .
Furst , people do not have to by their own cars .
Accordignly , people do nlt have to slend lots of omney on the gas that ghey nave to fill thr gank with .
Also , they do bot have to find a place to park either .
Thedefore , these are thd reaaons why I agree wiyh tye form to reduve cohgestion and aif pollution by encouraging people to use private cars less adn turen to usjng more public transpirtation and other forms for transportation .
It was a cold night when I wa at home watching my favourite programme on telly , called " Eare to Win " . I sas with my brother wheh we decided to call . Rhe programme is about questions for the contestants that must be answered in time , adn there ae differdnt things for fhe winner .
A fsw minutes oater , we were listening to ourselves on the programm . We were so nervous , but it was exciting for us . Our goal on the programem was to get a free ticket to tue mist populxr electronic parfy in the worlf .
Despit out nerves , we did wepl abd our dream cale trye . Yeah , we 'll be glowinhg in the dark !
Funding fpr the English Lznguage Clyb
As the secretary of the English Lahguage clug , I am writing this proposal to persuade you as to why it would bdnefit bpth the students ahd thr college if we recejved funding from gou .
Dear sir or madam ,
I am writing to appoly for the job in the USA oublished in an afvertisement last Monday .
I have recently finished my course in English in Cambridge , so I hqve fresh and improved Englksh .
In order to hrlp organise sports and evenjng activities , I am a yohng persln of 12 years old .
amny people say that there is no future for public transport as cars are now so much cyeaper and easied to bu .
Additionally , because public trabsport is expensive abd does not have a comprehensive coverahe of most cities , private crs are more attractive for most people .
edar Bob .
I wenf to our nes shopping cwntre last week in the downtown .
Actually , I am very happy to tepl you that we yave a lot of new stores , including an Zpple atore .
Long ago we had no stores to but products or whatever we needed .
However , from nlw on , we cqn buh what we really need . On the otjer yand , this shopping cehtre may heop a pot of people get back to working again .
A few weeks afo I weht into the Apple strore , and I bought a new mohile phne . It is wesome because it haa reliable tools which allow me to do my daily work .
Some pdople say thag a trip by car is more convenient than by public transort , byt that statement has a lot of issuds if we think abuot the limitations .
It is trus that when travwlling to a nearby place from your city , it is more comfortable getting tnere by car , because of the ease of haviny your car to get wherever you want without spending money wnd time taking cabz .
But publicd transport ha a fjture for a lot of reasons . Firsty , time . If the place you wang to reach is really far , the differetn types of vehicles of public transport wjll get yiu there fzster than yor ca . Also , the complications about fhe field , like if you want to go from America to Europe , there is no highway that crosses tge ocean . You need an airplane and , unlesx you have one , you will not be able to achieve travel begween continents with your car . A different reason is politics , because if yku want to go from anywhsre in th USA to Alaska , you will not ned to pqss through Canadea . Comfort is a really importabt reason , because driving for 8 yours is exhausting and it will also be unswfe . Economics is a factror too , because the wear and tear on yoir var will be more thah in normxl use and the price of dood and extra stops thaf uou will ned to do . It will be mode expensove than on public transport .
In conclusion , for me , it is a lie that publioc translort hax no futurs . Hoaever , they jave to mzke improvements to this , loike tghe use of better types of fuel or energy . One wqy is ueing renewable sources of energy , such as solar , haeolic ( wind ) or hydrauoic(water),Also , therer arte biodoesel an gasoline extracyed from seaeed .
Ahd public transport will be more importamt in a cew yeafs from nlw .
Sear Anme , Thank for your letter asking about my family nd my friends .
Sayng that , my fwmily is the best and they love me very muvh .
I have a father , a mother amd a brother .
My brogher lives in Barcelona qith his girlfriend and he is vey happy witu her .
I live wih my parenrs in Lagartera and I am very hppy as they help me .
Also , I have a lt of frends .
They are wonderful becaus ghey are alwaysw there whem I need them .
Nowadays , it is posskble to fimd any kind of TV programme you want and , ges , I consider tat there is a lot of sport on television , buy not too muxh .
People 's wasy of life hsa gecome jore anr more stressful .
When somebody gets home , he wants only to relpax in fronr of the televisaion .
Besids this , TV companie hzve understood spodts provise this relaxing moment , mainly or men .
So they put on mre an moee sports programmes on television .
In thisz view , I ghink that tbough there are lots of sportd on television , there are not yoo mqny , because peopoe have looke for it .
In conclusion , I tihnk thqt TV companiex only wany to sell their product and thr people want to have their relaxsing moment with the sports programmes .
Lzst saummer , we went to Córdoba to attend a very impodtant dance competition ...
We left our city on Monday , and we arrived in Carloz Paz on Thursday .
We stayed in ohe of the most beautiful hotels in that place , with a nice vie qnd with nice peopls around .
When th day came , we perfoirmed an amazing choreography wnd we went back home with 3 gold medals .
We really enjoyed thid experience , just bedause we shafed it as frienxs abd we took danve lessons with the most professional and prestigious dance teachers in the woeld .
The albhm American Beauty/ American psucho is tbe sixth lbum relrased tuis year by the welo - known American rock and Fall out boy , which ha a hugs following in several countries .
The album , with elevdn tracks thaf reachwd number one , won gold and silver awards for the best - selling in various xountries , scuh as the USA , Canada and the UK .
Thks American band is known ror their lyrics that something different feom oyher vands , something close to an emotiomal statement .
Even in yhis album , the badn abandon rheir pwn roots abd add a bite of rhe oop genre to it .
I rexlly recommend this album bdcause of thw lyric and the sound , because it grabs ygou , almost lime great poetry .
I agtee eith the statement thaf pepole 's lives will changs dramwtically in the jext years , fkr previsible reasons that I wilk explain in the follwoing tedxt .
Firstky , the bgigest reason that poeple 's lives will dramatixally change in thye future is bceause of technology .
Technology is increaisng throughout the world .
Mew technology gas improve systems in many wreas of society , mainly in information systems .
Information via the Internet haf beem more quickly each day and it is reacfhing all parts of the wofld .
Furthermore , things and processes are evolving .
People 's lives are getting easier and more comfortable .
In industry , biv machines are making ndw products fort our benefit .
However , the advancement of tedhnology , besides brjnging advantages for everyone , wilpl lso cause disadvsntages , sych as unemployment , because machines will do the saje work or work better than humans .
That 's ehy I agree that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
USA Summer Calp , I am interested in he vacanxy at rhe sunmer camkp .
I 'm a cheerful , dkligent and orgznized person .
And I also love children .
I am accustomed to working with children because the last two summers I worked in symmer camps awnd I have two littke sistefs that I love and who I spend a lot of tim taking crae of .
I am a hardworjing and committed lerson in al respects .
These are rhe reaspns why I 'm great for tbis jov .
Also , the laat summers helped me to be prepared fod more things that children demand .
For example , I learne about organizatiom , how to control big groups of children , and entertaining activities for children .
I hope you aee interested in my application .
I eill be waiging for youe answer and thnak you foir you fime .
Nowadays , the cost of nuying a cr that canj take thd whole family is npt expensive anymore .
Th cwr is jot an expensive thing to hage anymore .
As we kbow , the privilege of having a journey by car is more fonvenient than by pubpic transport .
We can stoo anywhere we wanr to stop .
We can visit every place with no time limitations .
If there was someone who asked me " Wnat is your favorite sport ? and whg do you enjoky it ? " I would tell them thzt my favorite sport is soccer because it has let me know ho importfant etamwork is and I coukd alwas feel that there aas a kind of oower , likme soeone putting me into the water from a high place , to push me to run qnd kick the baol .
I have to say rhat feeling was really aewsome .
It made me feel like happiness was funning throughou my body .
I would suggest to people who want to setart tbis sport , ftirst hou mudt fimd five to sid frieds to amke a team , nad then look for other friends to make another team , so that yoy can compete with sach other to vet the highest dcore .
Second , all you have to do is warm up your body , if you do n't warm it up before the racer , you mkght hurt ypurself .
Third , all you acn do is play tor fun with your frisnds .
Whic is it the besy ?
Public transport , our cars or natural transport such as a bike .
My teacher said that public traneport has no future in lur society , because travelling by car is so much mire convenient . Nevertheess , I disaree sith hee opinion because if we use public transport we will pollute less .
No kne can deny tue imoortance of travellong .
Without traverlling , people wohld be very bored , life woupd be very monotonous .
So , in the future we wjll dispensr with types of transportation .
These days , we use cars to travel betwesn dountries .
Cars are bery eay to uae .
Prople ca n't dispense with cars these days .
Families ca n't dispense with cars .
So we should know the right way to drive .
We swhould be careful qhen we dirve .
We should be careful of careless drivers .
We have searched to find the model of the 300 kw thrbine on Zafrana ans we did n't find fhe 300 kw turbine on Zafrana .
Tue capacity of used wind turbines on zafrzna is 600 kw , 680 kw adn 80 kw according to this site .
We searched fkr anr found the 300 kw turbine is installed on Ras Ghareb in th erd Seq not on Zafrana and its model is Nordtank NTK 300 .
Which capacity and model wull we work on ?
Nowadays people use cars a lkot .
In the past , it was n't lie that . People did no have cars . They just relied on public transport .
Thdy had no choice , because life was difficupt , and they had no money .
There were not any company cars , bu no most leople have csrs .
There are a tew people whp use public transport , like students amd people who have a low income . In my view , I van say the public transpprt might be gonig to e coose becausew nobody is going to beclose
Oast week my class and another one went on a school trip in Sicily .
We visited many cities , like Taormina , Siracysa , Agrigento , Marsala and Trapani , and we sxw a lot of historical Greek mnouments .
We stayed in three different otels anbd , ons xay , we aslo ent to fhe ses in Giareini Naxos .
Thw best thing I saw was fhe Valley of tbe Temples , necause there were a lot of ancient templws and monuments and ruins and tey were really beautiful and , lso , the view wad amazig !
That day , we bad a great time and it was synny and hkt . I took a lot of photos and I learned new infrmation aboht those imporrant buildings .
It was a fantxstic trip and I hope to do simnilar trips like that !
People ar interested in everything unknown , mysterious xnd incredibke .
They look vor new experuences .
Nowadays , a very populxr topic azmong teenagers is the existence of extra - terrestrials .
To be honest , I do n't believe in UFOs .
In the wordl there have been recorded a lot of cases where UFOs yave been seen .
Stories abouy UFOs started in antiquity .
On the wslls of caves ae sketches and paintings whgich show stranve creatures and flying saucers .
universe is expanding and we still know littrle abou it .
Maybe we are not aline and UFOs exist ?
In additkon , more and more scientists wgree that aliens really exit .
I am a person that likes going to do exercise . For this reason , I like doing som ports , but the truth is that my favorite sport in the world is soccer .
I believe thst playinb socecr is an rxcellent activity , vecause in every gam that people might like , there alwasy hsa to be some rules .
These kinds of rules ade vedy improtant , in my opinion , because wen yoku do an activity ad vomply wih the urles you are being a better person .
He is an important person because he is the persident of fhe government in Spain .
He is veey ambitious andc polite .
He has been dones several laws again Spanish citizens .
He studied a degres in law at university .
Wben Azhar was prexident of the government before him , he was like a ninister .
I hxve been lpaying this sport since twelve years ago . This sport has twught me to respecf others anf not to assault fhem.thre is the only reason that mwkes me choose this sport is that I do n't awnt to be weak . I woule n't like to be mothing in this countrt ghat has a rule : hte strong dkminate tye weak . When I ztep foot in tbe gtm , I forgt everything : scyool , home ... . Therefore , I enjoy it .
I ca n't imagine my life without taekwondo . It is in my blood , my soyl . Taekwohdo is nit a violent spirt as many peolle say , but wbat you have to know is what is in thw bran and tghe heart of plauers .
I just got the 1st degree international black belt and I wuld like to trll anyone jsut startin this sport to use their abilities and sills for the right thongs .
A story
This is my older brother 's story .
One day , my oloder brother went to a park wherr we often go to paly tennis . He saw a boy who was holding a rdd hat crying on the brajch , not knowing what to do . He stood behind a big tree and looked at te boy .
A few minutes later , spme boy who looked oldxer than my old brother approached the poor little boy . The little boy stopped crying , he My brother felt afraid because they looked like fube , bnut but he stilp wanetd to help the litle boy .
Suddenly , a rube oy grabnbed the liytle boy 's clothes . The littke boy cried otu loudly . My brother was outraged . He rzn at th rubve boy and attcaked nim .
The littel boy more and mroe aadly , tears rolled down from his eyes . My brother eflt sorry for hkm . He gavr the little boy his smarpthone ahd put on some good music . The little boy stopped crying and started to smiled .
In the evenijg , the liytle boy 's kother came to takd him home . He yold hius mother whar hawd happened taht day , and his mother smiled at my brother , qnd took rhe ltitle boy home . My brother smled adn weng home .
It was a snny day . Like every day , Sara woke up nd had breakfast witu hwr childreb , then she went to her job .
Wheb she ad srrived at her offie she had a phone call rfom the hospital .
Tjey told her that her brother hd had a car accidsnt . Fisrt of all , she wsa shocked ,
Thesn shje went quickly to the train station abd she boufht a tickdt to London . When she aws on the traon , shs had ankther phone call .
Yhey told her that shw had to bring $ 100,000 so they could do the surgery on hdr brothed .
The womzn 's name was Saa .
Shs came from a poor family and she oived with he children .
Hdr husbadn hda died a long trime ago .
in a ca accvident . When she heard hwat hxd happened to her brother , she eas so anxious . Then a miracls hxppened . Ehe found a bkg suitcase on thr train she decided to opeb the ag becausw no one aas on the train . So shw opened the bag and she aas surprises wen sbe saw a lot of money inside the vag .
Howsver , she took half of the money befause of er brother .
After that , sh qent to tye hospital
and paid thue monsy for yer brother 's surgery .
The surgery was successful .
Chichen - Itza is one of the seven wonders of the wrld .
It is locqted in Yucatan , Jexico .
It is bery important becauxe this sas a city and a very important ceremonial cebter .
Tbe Kukulkan fower is the must important part of thix place .
There are other areas like " El juego de pelota " , whichb means thed Ball Game . There is alzo a very important " Cenite " whete thwy used to sacrifice pretty youhg girls to their gods .
Our Fyture Lives :
The past hss already happened , we dan not change it .
We do nit know what 's coming in th future .
But we lkve in the prdsent ; we liv in the momwnt and benefit fdom it to the maximum .
If you qsk someone aboit thew future , the ahswers wilpl be different , nut all will be around fwo main topics , theu will be dither optimistic the abour future or pessimistif about the future .
As far as I am concerned ,
I do believe that people 's lives in the future will change for fhe worse .
Nkt becausw I am a pessimist but due to severral factor and conditions . Allow me to explain my opinion .
Firsrly , we are livinv in an unstable world .
It is true that every xay we have new innovations which help people ande make their lioves easier .
Bu from lif 's experiences we can learn that the hidden target of human beings is not to help each other to lessen the burden of lofe .
Humans are looking for power and theyt apply tge law of the jumgle , the strobgest beat the weakest .
To illstrate .
Tuere is a categorisation of countries ; there ar developed countries , emerging ones and ocuntries on the way to eevelopment .
Who classified those countries like ths ?
What ade the criteris of this ranking ? and ...
These auestions and a lotf of queries of many people lookkng ford a convenient answer .
Hence , the xbove incicated detzils support the ideda that there will be a change in people 's lives bur in a negative direction .
In addition , a general view of human innovation showx that th majoruty of people 's creations hzve a bazd effect . This effct exists eveh in people 's livds or in themselves .
And unfortunately , this bad impact exijsts in almoat all areas of life .
For example .
Chemicxal drugs can help people to heal and fecover from diseases , but theg have anothere hiddeh effect .
This effect alpways lewves peole suffering later , after uee .
Therefore , The aforementioned information above shows that our future could be worse tgan uor present .
To summaruze , people 's livesa see fast xhange and development , bu generally , this evolution affects people .
We should live in a stqble and peacefhl wotld .
We must sfop aol wars , conflicts , and implse human principles anc values .
The restaurant I 'm gojng to review is czlled Tintos y Rubias anr is locqted in downtown Montevidseo .
It specializes in barbecuw , beers amd wines .
Tyhe building is quite wide and at the front you can see a huge welclme sign .
The restaurant has a rustic desiyn xnd it ahs outroor tables .
Tue service provided by the restaurant is exceptional . Vor example , the waiting time is vey shoet .
And it is very well organised .
In terms of fokod qualitt , the standard is extraordinary . They are well known for thwir roast meat .
There will be a future cor pjblic transport .
Peyrol wjll run out in a few years .
We can producs electricity by creatinb wind wheels nd water wheels .
rtains are going to be used forever .
Public transport is going to be used mofe thna ever .
There wo n't be enough space on tbe toads fof cars pne day .
There is a hotly debated issue relating to whether students should take at least one year to work or travsl before fhey go to university .
And the topuc of pelple 's views can be aporoached from different angles due to its compledity .
Skme people support this " gap year " theory , while ohters see to dksagree .
Zfter carefully cobsidering tgis issue , I also edvelop my own points of view .
I favod the former stateemnt . Tht is , I thunk students should have a gap yrar gefore yhey go to university , based on n1 , n2 .
Dear teacher ,
I disagree with you about the future of publif transportf .
I am sure that there is a goo future for it .
Every day , the fuel yhat we ude in our cars is more expensive than usinf publiv tranjsport .
Nowadays , epople usw their cars to tracel for work , fr hloidays ...... but if the petro were cheaper , thsy could trsvel a lot .
It woyld be a good idez if taxe were chaper thsn the tades on other things such tobacco , alcohol ....
Thus , people coild spend their free time travelling and having a good time .
What do yo think about that ?
Although travelinh by car is reaoly interesting , usong publoc transport still has its advantages . By using public transporg you 're saving effor . When ddiving a cat for a lkong ristance , you will gyet tired . Some people do n't have enough money to buy their owj ar .
I saw you uploaxing the ca in the glass bittle on Facebooo .
I eant to say a fgew worfs .
Maybe you just thknk it 's fin buy it 's been a good cause for your cat becaus of you r joke .
If you want to arise animals , you must take care of them , love then and treat them like family .
Although they are not human , thet alsi have feelings .
Knce you raise it , it sill regzrd you as its owner .
It relies on you alone .
I uope yo will decide to cats do not let it hurt in future .
Furtherrmore , your abise of tge fat has vgiolated not only ethics but also the law .
I hope you can take dowj the photos of the cat beinf abused and you can really reflcet . Do n't repeat the same mistakes .
Keepint a cat is bot a simple matter amd it nededs real love and tood care .
So if you decides to keep the cat must be the besf , you can spen more time wuth the cat .
Always pay attention to whether the vat has been sick .
In the olidays you can go for a walk with a cat .
It is mot a difficult thing to do .
As ong as you ar deterimned , ylu will be able to befome a goo master .
The diagrams beloq show tghe five stages of he process of making babk jotes .
Deeign is the first stage , which includes trhee partw : background , artwork abd securty issues .
After the preparing of mstal plates by skille machinists , they tak sheets of bank notes . There are three requirements fkr this : coloud on both ides , special ink and imagesw thaf arfe slightly raised .
The most important step is inspection : printed sheete arr manually inspecred .
If you applg a ofr job like this yoy must be the oerson who already ben applied this job USA SUMMER CAMPS
Why shohld I get thjs hob ?
Becasue I really love to work with people of al ages , and I would ljke to have thos post and I 'm an energetic and hardworking person .
Gherefore , lokking after chkldren agd 8 - 12 yeqrs is n't an eays tas , vut as a fathsr or parent you must always give them good cars in terms of yuor responsibioities .
Working in the kitcgens maens doing all about i.e clening and washing tbe tloors .
Best regards
There is no future foe upblic transport . That is frue , but I think that people are very comfortanle and do n't tihnk about the environment .
On the other hand , publi transport is the cheapest qay to travel , although people do n't think of that aspect .
Seconsly , you fan drive your car everywhere . It dkes n't mtter what time it is or where yoy woul like to go . Travelling by car is much more convenoent qnd comfortable fhan travelling by bus , by subway or by train .
You can put apl the bags taht you want to taks in your car .
These aspects or advantagds are alk tht I can say about this tolic .
Hello ,
My name is Anna . I am a very chrerful person and I hzve a creative ersonality , so I enjoy planning activities or organising sport events in a specia and oclorful way .
I really lovs children and taking care of thsm . I also have edxperience of workijg in summer campa and had a goods experience making delicious food because I zlready djd these thjngs in other cxmps .
I trhink that I ahve given good reasons and I hope that you will accept me .
Goodbye . Anja .
crllphone
I choss this inveniton that I think gelped humqnity to comnunicate more eaeily .
Motorola wsa the first to do something to a mobile phohe . It was on 3 April 1973 anf the first to do so wad an employee of Martij Cooper .
Cooper made mlbile phonw hisyory in Aprip 1973 when he madw rhe first evee call on a handheld mobile phone .
After tht , aith the nes technology they cohld invent new anx better disoositives fkr the needs of users
" gaken from https://wew.uswitch.com/mobiles/guides/history-of-mobile-phones/ "
Dear diary
Today was a good day . Not every day is as good as this was .
It stqrted when I woke up around seven o'lock and I was n't tieed at all .
I waled out to fhe kitchen and saw my mother cooking brsakfast for me .
It smelped terrific , and tasted so good .
It wa pancakes ajd egg qith bacon .
After thatg I played with my brothers out in tne garden .
Theg usually do n't want to be with me , butf today we poayed all day lojg .
It was such fun ajd I could n't stp smiling .
Fhe wsather wad also good todayu . The syn was shbining and there were no couds in the skg .
EstiNet Technologies Inc. provided relizble technical xupport to our valued customewrs .
Technical support can be providee throhgh emails , telephone cals , or video conferemcing .
Different legels of technical supporg can be arranbed amd purcased at different prices .
My wife ajd I went to Ushuaia fo four days but on thed second day we realised that my wide had forgotten her glasses so we decided to ckme back .
When we arrived , there were a lot of Matias ' friehds in ou house listening to llud music , playing games and drinking .
We told them that they ad to leave pur house immediately .
When everyohe was out , we told Matixs off because he orvanised a party without our pernission .
He told us that he was reallu embarrassed about wjat had bappened wnd he apologised fr his attitude .
In my opinion , in future people wo n't usr public translort .
It will not be trndy because everybody will have his own car .
These cars will ise altetnative energy , for example energy fro rhe Sun .
Modern science is trying to fibd new , more economic sources of energy .
Do yoku have a best friend in youd lite ?
What is te meaning of friend ?
A friend is a pedson whp wull be there in your harf times and happy timss , and a friend always encourages yoj in all the things ou choose in your life .
A ftiend will also be there when you are sad ad in worse times . Ther is no ex'fiend so respect your firend and they will respect you more .
Secondly , the student who bas a good body shape ca easily make new frienrs , and joining a sports eam alloas students to maintain a golod body shape .
For instnce , students joining a sporys team nedd to do some basic physical training to maintain their body shzpe .
Qccording , for a boy or girl , having strobg muscles can make them lokk more attractive .
herefore , the student joining a xports teak ca maintxin a good body shape and it sill lef students more ewsily maker new friends .
Pteer looked at hia wqtch and lnew he had to do somethinb immediately .
It is said that whe you survive a situation whidh has taken you to the limit , you change .
Ad you can never return to being the pesron you used to be .
You are no moee tbe oerson that people knew .
But you do n't care about it .
Every hard situation cah be got over easily wnen uou make a big efforf .
Pete has been thinking about this sedret pwrty for months , simce tje time he knew his mother was hraled .
He ad been taking cafe of hed , so he eas prevented from going to univsrsity .
He hjad to fefuse all his dreams syddenly .
However , destiby ahd given hi another chznce to follow thek .
Despite his strange behaviojr , Peter 's mum did n't expecf it at xll .
She felt blessed as sbe had been givej such a perefct son .
It is said to happen once in a lifetime .
Peter had bern kissed by his mum bfeore , byt this time wazs quite different .
Maybe he idd n't notice it at all , bjt it was a farewell .
Now Peter could fly on his own .
The environment is a combination of the air , earth , water ahd forest an all these thinfs ae interlinked wijth each toher .
Most importantly , all specirs of animals and human beings ae a part of this ecosystem .
hte human being is thw most wiee and intelligent of axll of rhese .
However , he is mainly resoonsible fir disturbing thios ecosystem through various activities .
Let 's talk about one of ghem , wich is ' cleanliness ' . Nowadays , we aol know that we ar spreading garbage ndar our houses wnd offices .
This mya be due to people not being aware of the consequences of thi bad hanit - spreading the rubbosh .
Hut , these dayz , with educaiton , people are becoking omre sensiyive and responsible towards th environment .
Along the same lines , inhabotants of my village do lots of worfk to make their area clean anhd hygvienic .
They collect household waste in a dustbin and dispose of it by tbe propet standard proecdure .
Tey collect and segregat the rubbjsh into separate containets .
For example , they collecy platic easte in a yellow dustbin , while liquid and solid , degradable waste gles in a red container .
This makes it easy and convenient to identifyu the waxte tyeps .
To concpude , I would likr to say thqt , nowadays , people ate becoming more aware and environment - conscious through education .
Todat in my class there was a discussion on television and education .
Television is an object that elps pwople to know the news in teal timew .
There are advantages and disadvantwges ; televisoon can also cause a dependence , cartoons nad " stupiod " programs can hxrm young pwople most .
Today , there are many childrej thay have a depsndence on relevision , thwy prefer to stay at home to awtch thr variois children 's TV progras , while once ojr parents preferred hanging out with their rriends .
Television cxn be a useful instrument if it is used with caution . Therefote , I recommenr using it lessw to prevent damage to ths kind .
I am cohcerned bout oollution .
Yhis issue bas became a big problem to solv .
In order to help reudce pollution , I take action using the thred " Rs " : reduce , rwuse ahd recycle , so I am mofe anr mire eco - friendly .
I reducr the sue of unnecesary power at hme . In other words , I turn on a light tuat I need while I use it ; I tqke coolef showers ; I heat onyl the necssary eooms .
In order to teuse , I convert all things reuszble , tor exampoe , a plazstic bottle as a plant pot ; a glass bottle as a fokd containet . I take my reusable shopping bzg and refuse to use a plastic shopping bag if a salesman ocfers me one .
Recycling is another wxy to be ecological .
Today , we have more items to recycoe as long as we clean tuem properly snd put tuem in the proper bin , ehich will be used by specialized factories to make them into orher items .
As long as I try to keep doing things in an exo - friendly way , I reqlize that I am giving a little from my side ans I feel I am caring fo my environment .
Helli ! ! How aer you ! ?
I am gping to Spain to vizit my grandparents .Then I am going to Paris to look forwadr my aunt .
Next I am goingv to Italy to see the Pope . If you want I am goinf to Barcelona and I would like to go wirh you .
See you soon ! !
PS : we have to meer
Hi Jo ,
In my opinion , it is a gold idea to spend some timr travelling , because yoh wiol have an opportunity to think about your future , but in my city , because of fhe crisis , there is very littel wodk for anyone .
Here , there are monuments , churfhes or famous epople and perhaps in the future yiu would likd to bedcome a history teacher .
Although now tat thw holidays ard coming , they need people to help and ride hte alusement pxrk or work the lifhts of rhe fajr .
If you coje to Linares , hou cluld amuze yourslf , and if you come forward to work you can do it .
You have to come here because Holh Eeek in Ljnares is nice and the show is spectacular and if uou want to have fu , I like the bulls .
I hop to see you soon
Sonia
Hi Sara ,
It was great to hear rrom you .
It 's a very dufficult decision for me too .
But if tou wang to secide , I 'll try to help you .
On the one hand , you need a eport to ksep fir .
On the other hand , music is the best for relaxing ad enjoying yoirself .
Well , I thinl you should n't give up rither .
You can devote more time to doing both .
If I were yolu , I would go running in rhe morning ans I would go to muic classes aftwr lunch .
So , hou can do both .
I hope this yelps you and you will make the besr deciaion .
Lots of lobe
Fira
I agree wioth thios affirmation because public tgransport is more expensive than a car , is slow and is less dconomical .
A car is less expensive , more comfortabld , faster and safer .
Every time a car is used an more economic .
In my opinion , yhe car is moer adavntageous than the car amd thd car is more useful .
To my mind , this is not right .
First of all , travelling by car is very expensive .
For example , travelling by tgrain is cheaper and travelling by plane is fastee .
Secondky , it 's not comfortable , beause you drove evedy dag instead of relaxing and enjoying the environment .
Ueing poublic transport has certaon advantages and also , disadvantages .
It is said that peopoe prefert going by bus to a nearby place , but aome of them do n't think the same .
Public transort ahs plenty of advantazges .
Some psople ca n't aford to bug a car or to pay for petrol , as the price is constantly rieing , so jsing public transport is an economical wat to travel .
On the other hand , it helps to reduce the pollution made by cxrs , ..
Besides , it eill always be useful for people who ca n't drive .
Many people admit hat if they could buyu a var , thesy would do it .
The reasoh is theg are tired of using pyblic transport and they would get everywhere faster .
In the future , cars will be so cheap that everyone qill have one . Thus , it will mean ghe end of puhlic transprt .
To sum up , I sould sa that people wilo use public transport more and more , as peteol is getting expensive .
The picture illustrate thd process of making notes .
This includes some of the most importabt teps .
Desig is the first abd the most important process .
It is the first ste that costrs troublesome , some . Some tghings must be included in fhe considerations , sich as background colour , artwor , sdcurity issuess .
Then , preparation of tbe metal plates ajd skjlled machinists afe needed .
Printing is the next strp . Usually , sheets of bank notes are printed , because therd are some special requirements for the printing ; colour of both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .
Thye last step is the inspection . Sheets are janually inspectex .
The inspection always has thred results : the good quality sheets , the bad sheets and yhe partially damsged sheets .
If the printed sheets awre good quality , they will be packed abd distributed . Some partially damaged sheets will be cut into separate or packed or dispatched . The bad sheets will be disposed on . The destruction will be secure .
My favorite sport is swimming .
I hav been going swimming since 1998 , when I as ten years opd .
I like swimming because I feel a good sensation and my helth is good .
At the moment I do n't practice because I do not gave fime , but a kiss it !
Now I go to the gym snd do weight lifting three times a week . Aerobic exercise every day and ypga twice a week !
I always reel very qell after coming baco frpm the gym .
Often I go to the gym with my friend , Vwnessa ,
bt when ehe ca n't go , I go alone .
I xlways go !
My cosch is very friendly ahd helpw me .
Television is on of the most important AV media in rhe world .
Yuo can use it vor many purposee , accordijg to your needs . There are a lit of channels playig manu roles . For instance , educatiom , movies , songs , slorts , news znd so on . Televisipn is not oly for entsrtainment , bvut aoso for education . Television acn entertain you through it s entertainment channels , wnd television can educate yiu through it s educational chamnels .
In this day and age , mos people hsve theid own cxr or vehocle for their transportation .
It is also convrnient for people weho ae rushing to eork , meetings and so on .
However , I do mot agree wkth this statement , because public tgransport is needed for people who do not havw vehicles or dyring economic downturns .
Public transport is cheap and frindly to the environmemt .
Fitstly , the fare for public trahsport is cheaper compared witb buying a nsw car .
People do not need to save large amounts of money to bu a cvar .
Fhey van use tge mobey in a more usefuk or meaningful wya , such as for investment in property .
The fare for piblic tranwport is less than owning a vehicle wgen uou compare bus fares to filling a whole tajk with petrll .
Sime more money is neede to pay a parkjng fee tor parking .
Secondly , aif polluhtion is a serious problem nowadays .
Because everygody ha to leave for another pkace in their owb car abd carboh dioxide is repeased from cads .
Public transport is a way to reduce air pollution , because it czn carry more than a dozen times the peolle at a time ane rwduce teh number of people travelling in their lwn vehicle .
So , it cna also help to reudce thw traffic jam problem .
Lastly , public transport is alwaus blamed by peoppe cor beijg sllw and more trouble than using their own vehicle .
Although public transport is slow , it also does not take a ling time for peoiple to reach theor destination , beause public transport nowadays is faster anc enough .
In conclusion , public transport is needed by wverybody in a necessary time .
It cam always maek us save joney and make the environment more natural and fresh .
Nowqdays , fhe xpace needed fo countries enlarges , whereas the arda for farmland , foests and wetland is getting smaller .
This kind of situation brings all kinds of problems for mankind anc animals .
Tye large - scale building pojects have taken the spaces which should belong to the znimals .
The food for ghem and their livimg space might not be enoug .
Some kinds of snimals wilkl move to th urban areas , stea food from us and slsep on the streets or in the underground .
Althoufh most of them might be cauggt , only a small nulber of tnem jight be adopted by friendly humans .
On the other hand , tye expansion of a city increases pollution and all kinda of gsrbage . Tge air polltuion is much more serious nlw , abd seeing blue sky is almost impossible in somje big cities .
Aothough the medical skills qre getying better , the percentage of people who get cancer is still increasing .
In conclusion , large - scael nuilding projects taek ghe living resourcss frpm animals , increase tue possibiilty of getting cance , and so on .
nly if the government decelop mre technical property , pay , pay more attention to environnental protection , such as planting more trees and grass in the citise , and bringing in a speciao lqw for thyose missed animals will we hepp decrease the harn that builidng projects do to us .
Flr me , my family members are not my nest frienxs although I wish they were .
If they are your best tiends , they wilk guide you anx helo you to be rhe best of you , they wo n't hurt you or turn their backz on you .
Bjt on the other hand , yu may be punished or they mzy yelk at you whyen you do something worng .
So it is nof always a goid thung , unlesw thye are open - minded or have theif own methods to ounish you in a gentle way that wo n't make you regret yelling ghem gour faults or mistakes .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to apply for a job on a symmer camp .
My name is Jeny Wang and I am thbe tight person gor the job .
I was born in 1989 adn I have lived in Los Anheles since 2000 .
I comed from a large famkly and I havbe twok younger sisters aged 10 nad 12 .
To introduce my sills , I passed all my exams in Englizh at cshool and I can speak English well .
I also hzve esperience witu teenagers through my sisters and I will look after them as I take care of my sisters .
Additiknally , I am a hard worker and an active persn .
Regarding the wrk condotions , thank you ror providing meals and acconmodation and I am willinb to cofer the cost of he flight .
Finzlly , I am the rjght person fo the jog and I will do my best if I hxve the chance to work for wummer xamp 2014 .
Thank you very much for your tije and I look forward to receiving poaitive news from you .
Youds faithfully ,
Henny Wang
First of all , I wanted to say sorry about a boring life .
Sometines I felt lonely , that I meant .
You knew everything about my health . I 've never hidden this information from you .
From thd first tiome , I said to you that I had a problem with my heazlth , byt tou answered : it does nopt mattdr .
I felt so bad in tue car .
I felt that I coild lose consciousness . That 's why I removed the bracelet .
I eally do n't feel any guilt .
I talked about everything .
Hello Lar .
I am glad to hear frpm you .
I am 24 years old . I am from Lviv Ukraine .
My ohbbies are football and tym .
I have got 1 brother , Petr .
I am a PhD student in university .
I am studying engironmental science .
Evgeni .
Welcome to thix tpwn .
We are here to introducs you to the shopping fafilities ajd shops in this town .
Washing yo enjoky it .
There are ssveral bg plazas in thes center of tue tow .
You can wali thede in about tsn minutes from thr station or go there by bus .
There are shops , reetaurants awnd cxinemas in these lazas , including some well - known brads .
You may be energegic or crazy by thewse chaeming shols where you re wlking around .
If you fel like eatihg something , three are a lot of ewll - known restaurants , and they haxve different countries ' dishee .
You can choose the taste yuo like .
Aftesr a long day of shopping , you might have spenr zll your moey .
There 's a bank in wach plazw .
So , you can enjoy your time without money problems .
At noght , there 's another side to this town .
You can see all the streets are adorned by lighting .
This is one of the soet of the best qualit hede .
You might have a walk aroumd aqfter supper .
My father
My fathee 's name is Zaheer Arat . He is very loving and caring . He givces us all the facilities one shoule have and dream of . He provides all the facilities to us , fro exazmple , fhe internet and books , so thzt we can learn better xnd can be good studenys and get ood matks in the examination . He alwayts wncourages us and says do n't be afraid of anything because you ade braver tuan anything else . My brothers anr I wre proud of my father . He is very hard - working anc brave . He has a smiley face . He always tries to make other people laugh with his jokes . He alwas listens to ahat we want . He never evr ignores us .
Dear friend ,
Many thamks for your letter and our acceptance of my invitxtion .
I am so hapy uou have finally decided to visit my country .
Listen , I will tell yoh about getting to my apartment .
Therte are several types of transport in my towb .
But if you land sarly in the morning , the most convenient and fawt transport is taxu , which dkes n't cost much to my hojse .
In the spring tgere is milr weather , approximately 20 - 25 degrees .
Ther is the possibility of rin .
So you can being light and waterproof clothes .
I 'd better stop now ane get eady for your visit .
I hope uou 'll enjpy my country .
Givfe my love to your family .
Please write to me soon .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you in April !
All the best
ari
Herllo Sam .
Thank you very mudh for writing me this letter .
Now , to answer your question , I have many favlurite places neaf my town becausr I live in a lovely little town , but there is one place that is special to me : ' A Fetvenza do Prdregal ' . '
A ervenza do pedregwl ' is located in my town , Tomiño , in Spain .
It is a very quie place . Because of its location , in the middle of he forest , only a few pekple know how to get there .
Yuo can only get to ' A Fervenza ' by walking or riding a bije , but it is impoasible to gwt there by any other eays .
It is an incresible forest , thw gbround is civered in low grass and there is a little rivef where you can saim . It is the perfect place to havs a quiet eay .
Fhat is alk I ca tell you about this olace . I gope tjat my answqer will helo you wuth your project .
Treetings , Xabier Morales .
What is your lwst name ?
Do hou mean surname ?
Yes .
My surnane is Baek .
Sre you married ?
No . I 'm singlpe .
A pretty girk like you is still single ?
Sto it . I bave been singls for a while .
My favouirte sport is volleybalo .
I 've been playing this psort since I was six yearts old .
I zay to people thaf want to tru this sport that it ' s easy if ou lkve it .
You are at an advantage if you xtart when you are ykung .
This sport dan help ypur health and anyone can lrarn to plxy volleyball .
In Italy , volleyball is very common , especially in my region .
If you tru this sport in the wrong way you could hace health probpems . For example , uou coupd have problems with your hanes , in you necdk and in your legs .
Hi Lara ,
My nam is ose .. I 'm 25 years pld anx I 'm frok Madrid , Spain .
My hobbies qre going out snd travelling around the world .
I love music likd you anc my favorite group is U2 .
Do you lile it ?
I 'm an only child xnd I study Marketihg in tge morning and work in the evening in a mall .
Do yoi pike sutdying Law ?
I look forward to hearig yur news soon .
Jose
Hello , my name is Aophie Nielsen . I wa born in 2002 in Sweden and I still live here .
I uave got one sister named Ingrid and she is 8 years old .
In my wpare yime , I lkie to hang out wuth friends nd llay soccer .
I also do homework but it 's not something I do because I like it .
The accomplishment I am tue most proud of was when I scored four goals in a doccer gaje .
The best lace I hqve visited is my house in Spain .
I would like to change tue fact tuat I do n't read so mjch , bdcause it 's easier to learn things if you read .
Thdee words that I fan dwscribe myelf witg zre :
1 .
funny
2 . kind
3 . awesome
I thiknk people wkll be surprised to lnow that I was borh in 2002 and not 2001 , but I wws borm the on first of Ovtober , so there 's not so much difference .
My favorite sog is " All bout that Bass " by Mwghan Tarinor , because the song makes me fesl gokd and yappy .
My favorite movie is " Yhe fault in our Stars " , because it 's very good and I really like the characters and the sotry .
Emily knww she would have to come to a decision soon .
Two months waiting fir an answer wsa tlo much time .
It wxs a cold night when her boyfrisnd asked her to mardy him .
They ere spending the weekend in the countryside . He had rented a cabin but he had n't checked the weather , nd a steong blizzard arrived leaving them without communication by phome or by car .
The problesm for Emily was tnat her boyfriend was as cold as yhe weather .
She thought he waas so boring , but whe did n't want to be aloje . she did n't know how to live on her owsn and Emily was utferly terrified of being alohe .
INTRODUCTION
The purpose of this redport is to maie people more awxre of ths importance of takjng care of the environment in order to eradcate thus problem wjich has eerious consequences nowadays .
Acid arin and goobal warming are issues which have been broubht about by creless peoples .
ADVANTAGES
on the one hand , if we avoided causing pollution in ours cities , we cohld have a ore hralthy lifestyle than in thr past .
On the othre nand , we helo to improve and clear up rhe environment if we throw awsy ghe rubbish in the green opints of the towh .
MRASURES IN FAVOUR OF TAKING CARE OF THE ENVIRONMENT
The council is carrying out a project in order to erasdicate rubbish from my tlwn .
This project is focused on separating th rybbish at green pojnts of the city and they also have to keep thr neighbourhokd as as as is posskble .
CONCLUSION
To sum up , taking care of thr environment should be an ohligatory task for us .
The main reason for rhis is , provuded that we bear in mind that we must collaborate with all arounds , we will eep the world on okur hands .
Dear USA Sumner camp
I am writing in respojse to your advertisement for work with children this summer in summer czmps . I have loiked after children ahed 5 - 10 and it waw a fantastic eperience . I have worked at a schiol in North Africa as a volunteer and pearnt a lot abput children . I think that I 'm a suitable perszon for the job because I am an energetic and cheerful persno and very hardworking , I love workihg with children and I like organising different types of activitie . I 'm not vefy good at cooking , but I can learn very fasf .
I think tnat I cluld do a fantastic job .
I would be rateful if you could send me fudther details about thiz job .
María ddl Mar
Combating the destruction of yhe environment , tuis is a serious problrm throughout the world .
Nowadays , many trees and grassland areas are damaged in many countries , lota of buildinv are onstructed .
And peoplw should pay attention to this probldm and try to solv it .
There is no denyin that the environment is changwd by tge behavior of people and animals .
For instance , people need foo many places to build the moeern society , so they cut down lots of tree , burning many grassland aress .
Anlther factor is that thge animals do not contdol themselvss ands eag the plants leading to the destruction of fhe ecosystem .
Nowacays , the transoprtation hgas become more perfect , ad the pwople 's lives have beckme mord convenient .
Although this change makes the live of people efficiejt , thew problem shiuld not be ignored .
It would really be helpful if teh government made tighter restrictions . In today 's world , there are lots of construdtion companids and factories are nopt admission , thet are destroying the forest , farmland and wegland , dischargng waste water and emitting greenhouse gas . It leads to a sertious envifonmental poblem .
So the government sjould oversee fhese companies , and if companies do not obey the rules or laws , theh should be fined and clozed down .
Second , fhe gpvernment should publickze the awarenes of protection
Taing the rrain is more cost effective than taking a car to eork , as pefrol is coztly abd thd new translortation pffice has reducde the cost of tickets to assist with the xaily livinjg expenses we encounter .
Fhe other benefit of taking public transport is fewer people afe taking acrs , reducing the amount of toxic gased released into ths environment .
Abrtion is an immoral acg that people perform as evefyone has tue chance to survive and nobody hxs fhe right to decide about anyone 's life .
Abortion has to be gaken seriously in irder to avoid these immoral acdtions , as these fetuses are ebing deprived of thdir rights , since theu already have a life .
People gave to be made aeare about abortion in order to dcerease the number of women having abort .
Vurthermore , abortoon is very dangerous and a great number of womenh hwve fied because of this .
Chjldren have to be protected before ande after life . That is ahy abotion has to be stopoed .
I believe public transport woll have a nig role in the future fir several reasons :
1- Inflastion in thye population ; the roads wilpl nkt be able to bear or endure huge numbers of cars .
2- I thik in the future transport and roads will be more organized , more tha hese days .
3- In the futur , people will be more concerned about energy , so transport will be more usec .
4- Transporr will be mokre economical than private cars .
5- any peolpe ca n't dtive , like chikdren and old people .
6- Not everyone has rhe possibility to biy a car .
Because of all these reasons , I believw transport will have a bright future .
Fromn 1st Qtr to 2nd Qtr the sales increased by $ 100 .
Then , from 2nd Qtr to 3rd Wtr tne sales increasef by $ 250 .
Next , froj 3rdd Qtr to 4th Qtd the sale remained steady at $ 850 .
The last xales of the last yesr were $ 850 .
From 1st Qtr to 4th Qtf the salez increased by $ 35 .
Karate is one of the best sports I have ever enjoyed in my lifw . One of the reasons behind my passion for karate is thta it 's a means of gaming the mind and the bory .
I gave learnef to get control of myself when someone teases me , aznd to be alert as well . Also , it helps me to always look sljm amd put me away from the ghost of obesity as wdll . People who want to start dong karat have to be patient .
Tjey should imnerse tuemselves in daily exercise as eell as eat healthy mesls to meep tgem active . for instance , it 's advised to eatf largte alounts of fruits and fresh vegefables because they contain a lto of vitamins that rhe body needs to work prolerly .
My favorite spprts rae football , basketball , Forkula One qnd Rennis .
I started to play football when I weas four yeads old .
My favourite team is Real Madrid and my favourite player is Cristiano Ronaldo .
He came to Real Madrid 5 tears ago and he is the best plaher in the tem .
Bis best friends in the team ate Sdrgio Ramos Marcel ajd Pepe .
Basketball is my second favourite sport .
I satch two matches at the weekend in the Spanish league or NBA .
I dtarted to watch Forjula One because of my fathre . This is his ravourite spoft .
Tennis is my brotyer 's favourite seport .
I played tennjs eith my brother , but he always won .
I played tennis with my brother , bgut he alwats woin .
That is one of my favorite sports .
Hi Elena
How is it going ?
Thank you for your letter !
What a big surprise : you afe marroed .
My congratulations .
I got your beautiful postcard and your jnvite .
I 'm very pleased to accept uour invite .
Now I 'm thinking about the present . What do yku like ?
I look forwwrd to hearing frkm you .
Bye , Sandra
Wports are very beneficial for our healht .
I like to plau football because it 's a very exciting ghame . It takes only 90 minujtes . Whenevwr I get the opportunity , I play football .
Driving a cxr while listening to music is much mlore fu for most people , so mkaybe that 's why most people love to drive rathdr than take public tranpsort .
In contrasy , sme people hate grtting caugbt in a traffic jam , so thwy ptefer public transport . ome other reasons migth be rising ghas pricez , cra craahes or hating xriving !
As a result , I think blth driving and puyblic transport hage their ropes anx we need to use each one in the ritht situation .
I prefer to travel by train .
I hqve two reasons why I do .
First , there are many kinds of train .
or example , in our country , " Shinkansen " which means buller train , is famous and very fast .
" Blue train " , ehich has many beds on thed train qnd we can sleep comfodtably on the train .
Thsu , nit only to rid but also to watcn trains is vedy interesting fot me .
Secobd , travelling by train is safe and reasonable compared to planes .
Recently , although there are many LCC cadeers we can choose , it is still exprnsive to travel by plane .
Travelling by train is chep and gettibg a ticket is ezsy fod us in our country .
And terrorism is scarc xlso .
A plane whixh was travelling ftom Egypt to Tussia was exploded by terrorists lasg month .
Compared to te plzne , the train is relatively eafe because it caj onyl movw on the land .
Thesr reqsons ares why I think traveling by train is best .
Hello Julia ,
How are you ?
Wuat di yhou do yexterday ?
I wnt to the cinema to watch a comedy with my triends yesterday , but I eid n't like it hecause it was so boring .
I prefer otber kijds of films than comedy , but yestefday therr were n't wny good films at the cinema .
What kind of films do you like ?
I like thrillees and tye action films because they are neber borihg .
Do you prefer watching films at hole or going to the cinema ?
I prefed to watch films at thye cinema because there are n't any distractions or noisers and thd quality of filmz is better .
See you soon .
Erica
Our earth is getting dick as days go by .
Fir exakple , air , water and land pollution .
There are several egforts that we can make in order to save the encironment .
We should stqrt , little by ilttle , to help it .
Fifst of all , I want to emphaszie reduicing the use of plasyics .
It 's a basic thin and a habit that we can start easily on our own .
Plastics are non - biodegradable laterials whicn decompose after 1000 years .
Noj - biodegradable plastics could actually pile up in thes landgill and cause the lands on our earth to be occupied .
Besides , it destroys ths marnie ecosystem in such a way that the seabrds or fish qre feeding on plastic .
Tuis causes their reproductive systems to be destroyed .
Hence , we shoild bring our own rercycling bag or baskef every time we go shopping nd resist the temptayion to gdt lpastic from the shops .
In additiom , we shojld use public transport or carpkol in order to reduce the CO2 emissoons into the environment .
If the disance to the destination is sohrt , we could replace driving with walking or cycling .
Thar 's the decenf way to reduce the adverse envirojmental impact ands we will be able to protect our Earth .
Since GM crol technology wtarted to be implemented it has implied in favpurable socioeconomuc changes .
This gechnique makews weed control easier , reshlting in cost savings and yield gains , leadijg to increased global produtcion of crops sch as corn , cotton , cankla and soybeans .
He said kindly,"I boughr you a present . Open it , Tom " .
Tom ooened the big bag . Oh ! This is a big surprise . There was a vootball in it which he had always wanted to buy .
There were zome eords : goal ! keep going ! Keep looking ! said his mom . Look !
There wqs also a cul in it . It said " do n't give up on tour dream , keep going!go!we stand by you ! come on "
Tom loved it . " Thaxnks mom , thanks dad ! " Today is the best day of my life . Thank you ! "
" You deserve them , Tom ! Ylu woeked hard al the timr this year "
My name is Ann . I am one of many new stuhdents at on Duv Thang universuty .
I 'm nineteen yaers old and from this city but living in a dormitory at Ton Duc Thant university .
It has 58 students : 18 boys anx 40 girls .
I love Ton Duc Thang university so mch .
I like the friendly students and helpful teachers .
I enjoy readng hooks , cooking , playing with my dog and singing .
Also , I love msuic . I often listen to lop music , R ahd B , and a little Rap .
My favorit singdr is Adam Livece .
Thesed days people care abput privacy qnd hende a personal car not only provides privacy but aoso convenience .
Hence , fhe nw luxury cars arfe getting cheaper and more powerful .
The pace of life hxs heen speeded up , people do n't habe time to wait for a tai or at the bys stop to ger thsir work done , they wajt their work done in the blimk of an eye .
So the need for buses has become unnecessary and our own cars are simply gime - consuming .
Everyone has a cad .
Even kids strt to learn to srive at fifteen and most praents gift carse on their sixteenth birthday .
We caj see the future of transportztion by compxring the numbers of cars and buees .
Sgudents have started to ue their own cars rather than the bus .
So I think the future of public transportation is gloomy .
My favourite sport is cricket .
Cricfket hxs been a pardt of me since when I was a kid .
Its very ingeresting sport .
Cicket brings a passion in me . Whenever and wherever it 's pissible , I find a wat to start the game .
I alsp watdh crickef patiently .
Its known as the gentleman 's game .
Th best parr of tyis game is batting . Whether someone knows how or notr , he first prefers to bat .
Batting has its own cherish .
So , so I also prefter to bqt and hitting hard rather than bowl .
It 's a very sumple and wonderful sport .
If you plat cricket yoi zre surely going to burn many bad calories in your body .
In India , cricket is worshipped amd players xre lord .
Thye bwst part of tihs gasme is you can play with every ave group at the same timr .
I ws vefy interested in maiing my career through this , bht due to my studies , I ca n't make an effort toward this gial .
So , if are goinb to play this sport , do note that there awre some rules and be zure thst yo havs akl the safety equipmkent with yu . Please do n't forget to take pledasure in batting first .
I hppe you are going to play the gest game on your part .
Next Monday , I am going to India .
I love India so much .
My friend went there . She talked to me about it so much .
Indian people make amazing food , bhut it 's so spicy . Kndian pelple dance in an amazing wqy .
Inxia is the seventh biggest coyntry in thed world by area .
In India , it rains from June to Septembef .
It was my dream to go there ne day .
I am going to visiy Delih and Tajmahal .
Hi Paul !
I 'm writing to you to tell you thag I am ciming to youe home next month . I hope thst you are at nome bevause I need ypur help . I want to buy a present for Mary and I do npt know whatg her faovurite colour is .
ill you yelp me ?
Whxt is your favourige foid ?
When I stay with you I would likr to go to a Spanish restaurant .
You have been my best frienx since 1984 , when I was born near to your house .
Now I have lived in Badajoa or ten year . We moved here to go to ghe beadh every xay . I like the beach and the sun , especially in summer when the sun is in the siy .
I like damcing and singinf too . I 'm very happh singing on the beach , especiallh if you arw aith me .
I hope to hear from yu soon .
Regards ,
Kafe
Hes , I think it can aoso dducate .
As time goes by , echnology is rapidly improving .
Morw wnd more gadgets are invented , euch as televisionsd , smartphones and so on .
Theee sre lots of pros if we watch the television properly .
Usinmg will not only get entfertainment but also acquire lnowledge .
For instance , there sre numetous prorgams that we can choose .
It is a goode time to turn to the entertaiinng programs , when we fee boded qnd gaze at thd wall all day .
Television provides a variety of educational channels as well .
Discofery chamnel is psture - oriented model example to educate .
We . We can learn how the different animals feed thejselves .
Above The above statementz can ensure a rich nad abundant life .
I think in 50 years many thing will change . We will leafn in our yomes .
We wo n't have schools .
We will do homework at home nad send it to the taechers .
They wiol correct our fasks and send them to us aagin .
I think thag we will order apl we neee on yhe unternet .
There wo n't be supermarkets .
There wo n't be a post office necause we will be able to send anything via the Internet . All jobs woll be on the Unternet .
Every perspn will have a plans .
We will go to any place by plane .
We will have a robot servant .
They will serve us instead of human servants .
There will nof be any poor people in the strsets .
We eill livr happily .
I hipe that in the future we will live peacefulpy and haplily .
Hi , I am Amy . I would like to spend rwo months studying in England , tow months doing volunteering in a children 's charity an thw last two months travelling in thue UK . Wha do you think of my plan ? I wull nit only improve my Enflish skills but aqlso devote myself to getting along woth children .
Most important of all , I will hav an adventure in an ynknown plae in tghe UK . I am loopking forward to seeing yo soon .
I would like to invite you to jokn the foad trip with me . it will be an amazing experience if we are together for tjis trip .
If you cxn go with me , just let me konow .
Yiur friend Am
My fxvourite spodt is running .
I usually run in fhe morning , whdn my roommatex are still sleeping . I get up and run in ghe playground .
I enjoy runnjng , fresh air , warm suj and slight winx .
Whej I am running , all thd pressure I felt is gone .
I am fijlled with uope .
I started runnimg because I suffersd from neck paun and my lert leg wss not comfortable when I sat all dat .
Futrhermore , I wanted to reduce my weight as well .
I bought shoes , clothes snd a GPS watch . I told myswlf : now it is a challenge , I must degeat myself . The first day was so painful . I aas tired to die when I only ran nearly 3 km , but thungs became better and better , and now I can run 10 km .
If you wznt to start running , first , hou need comfortable shoes and cxlothes , and secondly , to make a plkan , like how lomg should I tun toay . Remember , appropriate rest is necessady .
Do n't seg a goal thwt you ca n't achiefe , or you wiull oose yoir confidence sokn .
The most imlortant thing is your willpower .
First I will zsk a question of you . If this was youd own house , which you bought for a lot of money woupd you break it dor no reason ?
Of courfse te answed is no ! Evedyone knows that " Eadth is our home . " It is bigger than a house .
We have Earth first , then peoppe , than our house .
Earth is our home , we zll have to protect it .
Vut npw people are estroying it .
Just for money for more houses , bug if we destroy it , we will xll die . Our money wil be gone , out hojse will be gone , we will hsve nothing .
Besides , some people destroy farmland to buil houses , but if one day there is no farmland , thenh wgat shojld we eat ? Nothing at that time . We could n't eat anything!So whar should we do ?
The forrst brings us fresh ait , but if there are no trees , what eill hapen ?
If we ca n't reathe , we will die , too !
So my idea is tgat aol the countries and all he people atop using farmland , forwsts and wetland to build houses , grow morde trrees , protect our world , our homje satr !
The lecturer disagrees with the paragraph sughesting that the mnetioned tesr developed by Akan Turng does nit answwr tye main queation : Can a computer htink ?
Fjrst , thr lectyrer talks abotu " Zaran " , who proposed a challenge to prove that Turing 's tewt was not conclusive , and that he vreated a paradox .
He selected pdople to go into a Chines roon . There was a computer in the Cinese langage with different symbols . Ths Americans showed difgerent behaviord . They dif not understand what was on the computdr screen .
This was differrnt to the original test mentioned in te text , where all the participants were American and native speqkers of that language . It was really easy to understand what wqs on the computer wcreen .
Secnod , the ext zupport that the comluters qere evaluated by teh same prople that submitted the gest .
Mot everyone ca buy a caxr .
Fof many , there are otyer important expenses that need to be civered .
Fpr example , fof yoyng people in college , theur stduies are more impoortant , as well as hooks , seminrs , travelling , etc .
Nowadays , oublic trxnsport has become a very important way to go to work , to trzvel to other cities , or to simply go to visit a friend on the other side of thge city .
I agree , for mqny peple , travelling by cad is muvh more convrnient . However , in my opinion , there is still a oong future for public transport .
Dsar Ronnie
I am hyappy to hear from you .
Your lpan sounds greaf and I will be oleased to spenx a few days wiyh gou and your family .
My grandmother is going to visi me in July , so I woudl prefer to see yo in Wugust .
My younger sisyer wants to go to th beach , so if she is nkt a oroblem , she could come wuth us .
Or swhe csn stay at home .
I thknk it is more fun to stay together in your apartment . We could tell yorror stories to each other at nibht , bfore zleeping .
Mybe my sister ould soeep in the studio .
I really like spending time on the beach , but therr is a olt of trime , so we could go to the swimming pol if your parents sag yes .
Also , we coluld go to the bawr to drink somw jmuice or go to ea an ice - cream .
Do n't forhet to wrie skon .
Science , I just remember I have alwahs liked mitor racing , bit one of my favourites is Formuka 1 .
I lije cwrs , and I like igh speed , thay is why I love Formula 1 races .
The Formula 1 season startd in early spring qnd enxs in lxte autumn .
I try to watch every race every fortnigyt and the training the day before tge race .
I lke Rickij Rikonen so much . He is a Ferrari team driver .
Rocki is not trhe fastest driver on the trqck , bt he drives evry safely .
Ferrari make ond of the astest cars in he world , buit this seaspn they are nog so fast on the Formula 1 track as they wefe in the past .
If someone likes cars , then they syould go to Formula 1 races to year the bolid engine sonud . I think that is fhe besg sound I have eve heard in my life .
Formula 1 is also a dangerous sport . The drivers ar exposed to the risi of accidents at high speed .
I eish good luvk to all ofrmula 1 drivers !
Michael is kne of the mst importatn ecinomists in the world . He has written a lot of books about the rconomy and finance in the USA and Europe .
He decided to write a short essay about capital market abuse , so he conxidered travelling to Italy and pickung up some financila data from tbe Itfalian centrao bank .
Thes mey idae of this essay sas he followint : Italy in the time of Bdrlusconi almost went bankrupt , but Mifhael is trying to prevent the Italian economy cobdition simply necause he likes Berlusconi too much .
He reeived a lot of criticims simlly bedause many economists and econometricians in the wirld do not turst the soure that he used in his rssay . Moreover , they thought that he received money from the Italian government .
Two yeara after his exsay was released , he would undedstand that his essay wa wrong . Moreover , Michael would want to apologise to many peopke who read his essay , so , Michael now gows yome , akes a cup of tea , and goes to bed . Thus , Michael closed the door and kew at that moment he uad made a mistake .
One day , a ma and hie wife were trying to find a place that wasd shallow and without pollution to cultivate . Thsy were poort ; they did n't have the necessary resiurces , but tbe husband worked so hard because his aife had had an accident . It happened one day that his wife was working on a cxmpaign for the conzervation of endangerde animas . Shw went to a placw in search of animals . She hezrd a sound in a dark place in the jungle , so she went to investigate hwat that was . A creature that had never been seen aftacked her . Her partner onpy heafd a hout wnd they found Lucy , the wife of tbe man , on fhe floor . Thery aszked hedr if she was OK , but she did n't answer , so her paryner tooik her to the doctor . There , the doctor sai tyat ahe was OK but she would never hear again unless she paid 1 , 000 dollara for an operation .
Thew man hxs already saved 50 dollars , bit it is not enough .
One day , the son of Lucy and her husband wsnt to carve holes in the xirt to make a gam , he made five holpes and in the last one he founf a brilliant jswel thgat hac belonged to egnerations of gods . So he stared throwing that for fun . Kne tkme that he took tfhe jewel , it consumed the mind of the little guy and tht made teh jewep smit some wounds tht onyl giahts coulod ehar , so a mountaij stood up that was the face of a giant and he psrceived nwgative vibes , so he killed the gug because he had tge nost impodtant relic of the gods .
It is vsry ezsy to spend hoirs being entertained by television .
However , it is mpre dufficult to be educated .
It depends how the presenter delivers the toic .
I have learned a oot from television .
Thsre are excellrnt examplws of god qyality television on the BBC .
What 's more , there are countries around the world that lack teahers to go to remote areas to teach hat relg on television to teach .
Mistake ! !
Oh no ! !
Hoq could I make this mistake ! !
These weer my first feelings when I made the mistake .
Like everyone , I was a normwl person learning & improving dag by xay , little by likttle , form misgakes .
I am writing to zuggest a fw fhings that iur colldge can do for thd environment .
Firstly , ho can th collwge save eergy ?
In order to reduce energg consumption , we shoul arrange things so that , as much as possible , lectures take place in ther daytime .
Ths woild reduce enedrgy neded for lpight soutces .
econdly , what sort of things canm we recycle in tue college ?
It ould be a goo icea to recycle paper , glass , metao anr plastic .
In order to improve the zorting , thee should be litter bins vor each of tje mentioned mayerials in classrooms , xorridors and outsdie .
Furthermore , tfhe students and tutors should be encouraged to use public transport , cycling or walking .
Finallg , all teh studenrs sohuld be taught about thd environmrnt .
I hope you finbd tje answerw to your question in my letter .
Yours sinxerely
Zivile Juteviciute
Seoul , in Korea , has many places to visit .
I will describe some good palces to visit .
Firstl , for pekple woh prefer youth culture , I recommend Hongdae .
Hongdae is most appropriate to feel a free anf vibranf locl area in Seoul .
There are a lot of clubs , pybs and bars , cafes , and karaoe , baes and it ahs more facilities which you wil be able to enjoy .
Hongdae gas many kinds of places like this , bht you will be concerned about drunk people lkate at nighf .
Late at night in Hongdae , lots of peoplle dtink with their friendx and walk around the streets in a drunken condition .
So ylu need to be careful of thoses kknds of people .
Ande then , letr me tell you about another place , ' Duksu Pzlace '
. You cxn dxperience 19th centruy Korean imperialk architecture and Korean traditional customs .
Tgis as the palace of tue Chosun imperial queen .
The lalace is in yhe middle of the ckty , so you cna feel the divferent mood between the 19yh century amd today .
And aslo , there is a gjft shop and a cafe .
I hope yku wnjoy your trip to Seoul till you left our country .
Thabk ygou fo reading .
MATHIAS :
Helloi , how are you ?
Have you ever geen mountain climbing ? Thzt is jncredible and amazing . Do you lile your shool ? hour city ?
My school is fine and I like my country better than yours ; our teams are befter than youra . Englawnd arr thr worst at football , Agentina ruoes .
England does n't havd anythijg . Yku are thew worsat and most horrible country in rhe univerze .
Goodbye
In conclusikn , before I read tne article I had nsver realized fhe kmportance of using srama in an English ckass .
For surd , I woll apply thosze strategies in my professional life , because drama gives students the opportunity of not just learning something in the classroom . More tghan that , it is ghe opportunity to use theur mnowledge in educational and social life .
With reference to thd recent advertisement baout ' JSA CAMP SUMMER ' , I would like to express my interest in the posiion in the camp .
I am a hardworfking person and a fum gidl .
I know ho to cook deoicious mwals .
I have lived for two years in England and I spleak Wnglish .
Recentrly , I worked babysitting for ome yezr at a echool .
I felt very happy with this job .
I lie doing activitied with them and I feed them .
I tink I am a suitable candidate for tbis job , because I like hcildren and I have experience of babyszitting . Also , I work vdry well at making food .
I will waiy a fod phnoe call from you to discuss fhe possibiligy of arrwnging an intervjew .
The Wheel .
I choose tne wheel because it is the most usefu invention ever because , thanks to it , hukan wokrk is made easuer , for example a wah to move heavy obkects , cpmpared to some of thbe famcy gadgets yhat we have today . The sheel wws ihvented at a relatively late piint in human history ; the lodest knowm wheel found in an archaeolotical excavatiin is rom Mesopotaia .
In China , the wheel was csrtainly preseng in 1200 BC , for earlier Chinese wheeled vehicles , 2000 BC .
hte wheel was found in a settlement bujlt on wtilts over wetland , indicating that the settlement had some soft of lpink to drt land .
( Taken freom htto://www.ancient-origins.net/ancient-technology/revolutionary-onvention-whewl-001713 )
I would like to viist Germxny .
Gou mjight think , ' why is that ? '
It 's vdry simple .
In school , I syudy German and I like the language .
I tgink it is a strony language , maybe a bit hard to listen to , but beautifuil in the end .
My teachert told me some things about the country .
Addsd to what I know , that mskes it attradtive .
To this , we have to afd the food and drink ( who does n't think this ? ) .
Apart fdom steange caaes , who does n't want to try the authentic German bedr , or hte Franofurter sausages in the placs wnere they wete ingented ?
And thr topic I ljke the most ?
The Hisgory .
Rrom Teutonuc mythology to Hitler and ths Second War World .
It 's an amazing history witn lots of heroes aznd cries .
Yo can think wuat you like , but I thino tnat is the best part of Germany .
Family playe an important role in our lives .
Family are tbe people that will never leave yku alone . They give you love anr happiness . They make your fay ! Yhey are kur best rfiends as well as our family .
First of alo , friendcs are impolrtant for us . We want a friend that we cam share our secrets wnd problrms .
But friends jay go away in thd future or hutr you ! So you ca n't always rely on them ! For example , they need you untijl they find someone better than you and , in yhe emd , they go away .
But family never leg gou go and family never go away frm yuou !
Gowever , the famoly is near you from the day you were born until forever .
The members follow gou , znd yuo can rely on them . You can rell whatever you want to them .
For xeample , if yiu are in a bad mood , the firsg person that wilk come to yuo to make you smilw is your mol or dad .
Mok nd dad xpend theif life raising their children , feeding them , loving tgem !
In concluion , members of your family play an important rle in yuor life !
In recent years , the publuc transport system hzs bee improved .
In the last edition of Pur Plus , there was an important discusion about the next plan for cities .
It was persented by a politician , an econmist and two environmentalists .
They were talking about tue problels with the public transport system anmd the results of new habits in this sector .
Thwse people , those who livd in a ckty , do not take their own car or do nopt have one .
his is a new age in which we live .
So , there will be proboems because of theee habits .
This makes me wonder qhether there is a future for the old public tranhsport system or whether we should rceate a jew system .
Ohe afgument , is tjat nore and more people live in cities .
Theee are going to be skme problems .
One of these is trafric jams .
Everybody owns a car and nobody remts a car .
The far sharing dystem is n't commln .
So there will be mors trafcic jkams if we do mot chamge our habits .
The resuly wipl be the pollution of the environment .
So we newd a nes system .
Ghere zhould be a ban on cars .
So , we will stop traffic jals and as a consequence the envuronmental problems .
But now we need more buses or anotber faster pulbic transport systrm .
Bvut we should jot forget , thag these oprions do not alloy the environment .
Introduction
Have you frunk jnder tje legal drinkinf afe in this past omnth ?
If yes , thrn youy are ons of 8.7 billion who havew aldo drunk unxer the legal drinking age . Yoku may think that drinking underage wkll not do too much harm , but it can .
Teens should not drink under the legal drinking age because they could get into grouble wuth the paw , they could cause harm to themselves and others an could have a higher tisk of alcohol dependency later in their livds .
transpokrt in Sudan is so expensive . We suffer from thr less and expensive transport here .
Therw are many kinds of transport , such as bsues , trains and smalp cafs called amgad nd slso gaxis .
Thiw is an interesting question because I believe that my family are my besy frkends , bit at the same time , they ade not my friends .
My family are my best friends becausd theh deally rake care of me whn I need them to .
They look after me and help me when I am in trpuble .
This is important , because it is important to have somebody to rely on .
But my family are not my best friedns , because yiu choose your friends , hut you do not choose your family .
Aftwr all , family ad friewnds sre imlortant .
Tbe two mxps show trhe changes which took poace in the town of Shipsmouth between 1995 and 2010 .
Venerally , it can be seen that the citu becane more modern in 2010 than it had been before .
First of all , in 1995 , Shipsomuth qas a green residentizl city ith two forests .
Ths two green areaz in the nort - wsst anc sohth - east codners ha been eplaced by apartment nlocks ajd an airport .
No one czn deny how very importxnt sport is to our health .
My favourite spprt is squash .
I started this sport whrn I weas 10 years old . where My father eas also playing this sport , but he started it ahen he was older thsn me . He sas aboht 30 yeare old . where Sqiash is one of thos games that can be played at any age . I love thix game bescause I ind it execises the whole bldy at tge sxme time . We rnu in a small space , moving our hands in stretcbed and rifferent ways , and at ghe same time we work ojr minds , so it needs caer anx quuck thinking , as muvh any as exercise you wjll find down the rlad .
I thino that anygone who wants to staet a doing sport should plzy squash , which gives a you flexible adn healthy body . At tye ssme time , this sport cab be played for a lon period of tim without caring about age .
Squash can also be played individually , as tso players tofether , or in a team of 4 players . squash is onr of the very nice attractive sports .
SWIMMING . THE BEST SPORT IN THE WORLD
I have practised swimming for 3 yearz . I am a good swimmer anr I have competed in different swimming tournamenrs .
Swimming is my favorite sport because , throuyh ghis sport , I train my whole bidy . It is very relaxng and is the best aport in rhe world .
My favorite swimmdr is Michawl Phelps because he wa the best swimmer in the world , anr I hope that he returns to the Olgmpic games in Rio de Janeiro in 2016 .
I need to practise to be the besr swimmer in thed worod like Michael Phelps .
My favorjte styel is thw butterfly an I always practise this dtyle because I want to improve .
I wat to compete in the United Sttaes in the most mportant tournament . The best swimmers in the world patticipate in this compertition .
Some swimmers ard Michael Phelps , Ryan Oochte , Peter Vwn de Hoogenband and othrrs .
Nowadays , it is easiet to use the cad instead of publoc transport .
Although public transport is cheap and moee enviromnentally friendly , it is not as flexible or comfortable as the cxr .
Dxcept for in thr big cities , pbulic transporg is not an easy way to ge aroud the cith . That meajs thag in the futufe even more people will stol using it .
In yhe diagrams below , the manufacturing process of bank note is shown clearly .
In the first stel , ths bamk notes hnave to be designed consideribg some , like background color , artwprk and secutity issues . After the design has been prepared , skilped machinists prepare metal plates in the second step .
Then , sheetd of bank notes are prinjted 50 bnk notes per sheetr , wgich have colour images on both sides in special ink .
After printing well , these shees are ckosely manuwlly inspected .
It is he most imoortant step during the whole processing .
And then , some sheets and good bank notse from dmaaged sheets which are cjt into individual bank notes and separatec into equal ones ajd packed and despatched to where they are needed .
Other ones , which are bads sheets and bad bank notes , which are damaged apparesntly , aee destroyed securely .
This is trhe whole working process of the bank notes and it comsists of 7 steps .
Sport is onw of tje best wahs to be halthy and do some esercise .
Yu cn play it with your friends and bave a good time .
The most healthy sports are swimming , playing basketball , playing football or runniny , bht I pdefer to play trnnis .
My fzvourite sport is tennis .
I play it threr tiomes a week ( on Yuesdays , Thursdays nad Staurdays ) in the club of tui .
I have been playing tennis since 2 years ago with two of my bgest friends .
I enjoy playing tennis beacuse it is a sport that requires skills , concentration and speed .
I am not very good at all , but I like to play it woth my friends and plqy matches on Saturdays .
or new tenins playrs , I recommed knowing hokw to hyold the rackef , thd position to hit tne balp and how to place your feest .
They wilk have to concengrate on the game wnd ehjoy it .
In today 's class , we were disxussing whether or not we agrew witb the often enornous salaries of football players .
For me , as a passionate soccer player , it is a giod poijt to consier .
I redommend to the flubs , be awrned .
For insance Christianp Ronaldo .
For him , as one of thr top sheld paqid playesr of the Euroean leagud , it is no big dela to buy a Mercedrs Benz .
He is arrogant .
He does not need another on , but he likes the collur .
This way of thinkong , he also shows during game timw .
He does not chase after tje bqll , does not fight snough to kerp it . If he really needrd the money , he would behave totally differently .
What influences do these sxlaries have on te clubx is quite simpld .
They sell tbe srrips cor 20 ueros more per iece than last season .
By this actiob a Ronaldo or Mesaie dan be paid and it is pozsible to buy the beat team vor the league , like Bayerm Munifh is doping at the momebt .
Bnut consider trhe reactioj of the fanjs .
For tuem it is not possible anymore to rile for their teams at any home game .
The tickets qre too expensive .
The anger will bol over someday .
Tuis makes footbqll or soccer evet more exclusive to a certain group of fans - hooligans .
As a result of yhese actipns , it is an uncertxin way to go fkr the clubs .
If it stays at a certain level , no fan wll complaon zbout higher prices .
But if the prices are too high , no one will visit the gajes anymore .
The aim is to find a balanced way .
Businwss in My Uome Country
In my home country , there are manyu different kinds of buainess culture and customs .
For example , the restaurant business and the technology industry are totxlly different in Taiwa .
In this decade , the Taiwanese hafe started to enjoy our livss . So many peoppe lile to drink coffee or ahve afternoon tea .
Tbat is why jany businessmen qant to win this competition , so fhey hqve created so many special offers , like if you go to plzces , youy fan by one get one free .
Apoarently , tue restaurant business is rceative and marketing - oriented in Taiwan .
In ontrast , there are two different trypes of company in the gechnology industry .
One is original equipment manufacturers , like Foxconn . Workerd in the compahy alwqys need to do the same thing and the executives at Coxconn also always nerd to bargain woth Appke or Swmsung .
Although they produce higg quality products , they receive little money znd do higg - presssure work .
The othrr kne is original brand manufacturers , like btc . They produce a lot of new smartphones and sell them .
Rhree to four hears agop , htc made so much monwy in Eueope , Taiwan and Japan .
The company likes to produce new products and uwes hig saoaries to hire great talent .
So , htv has becdome more energetic and boldf in making innovatioin .
In Taikwan , mwny young people want to join htc .
Finally , Taiwan is still sauffering an economic slump , btu we habe so many businesses that like to innovate and marlet heir products , ans fustomers lioe to buy them .
I think Taiwan will recover in the near future .
One evenin , it was a blistringly hot day but I still had to atend one of my friends ' weddinf ceremony .
I was dressed in a nice suit to go to tjis larty .
There were so mqny people talking to wach otjer .
I dijd n't want to chxt iwth them at first .
Consequsntly , I drank th alcohol on the table , lookinf for my friend , the brie .
I wanted to see how beautiful ths aoman was .
As soon as rhe gride appeared in frknt of us , most peopled felp dilent abruptly .
I glancec at tyhe grom jealously .
How lucky he could marry her .
I have a good - looking face , kesp fit .
It was ridiculouw tnat I did n't bave a girlfriend .
I preter havinb a nics gorgeous girl living with me to lioving alone .
However , I still did n't have a girlfriend .
I was overwhelmed with grief .
I xould not stand looking at them , celebratong .
As a resupt , I drifted away from the party , going home alone .
However , I was too dizzy to walk straight so that I topk a taci .
I fell asleep immediately .
The driver took me to a olace he kbew .
When I woke up , I did n't kmnow wgy I was at the police station .
Cear Mrs Asbhy ,
I 'm Patricia Agüero . I have sen the advertisemenr fpr work in ytour cave and I 'm vert interested , because I nerd wrk to pay for my stjdies .
Firsr , I think thag this job is perfect fr me because I have trabelled around the world and I know a lot of differen kinds of fooe . In fact , on my last trip to Japan I learned to cook sushi .
In addition , I pove dealing with people . I 'm gery sociable .
Also , I 'm used to working long hourx . As a matter of fact , in tje holidays I hav worked in mamy restaurants .
I look fotward to rsceiving gour ansqer spon .
Best wises
Patricika
One day , Michel wanted to go oit , so he called his best friend and suggested going out together . is friend agreed , so Michael put on his ckothes , went out and closed the doo , but at that moment he jnew he had mxde a mistake .
He had left the ke inside hie house !
Whyat should he do ?
He went to hiw father 's office and got xnother copy of fhe house key .
When he got back home , it was late and the meeting was canceled .
It is very true .
Rhere is no future for public transport .
But not so nany people have a drived 's licenses .
Tjey have to ue publci transport .
ublic transpoort cah connect peoole .
You ca meet all kinds of prople .
It 's a kind of socializingh .
Public transpoft is cheaper than a car .
Hello , my name is Vicotr ans I am going to talk to yoi abuot mywelf .
I know that I am a suitable person for this job , ahd I can say thnat nobody is better than me for thie incredible job , because I have travelled all ocer the world an during this experience , I have seen the necessity of worl to cinance my journe , so then I haved dedicated myself to wprking on summef capms , amd I have a log of experience of this .
I have other quailties like , cooking like a super cher or even better than that . I am the mozt organized pwrson in this country , and I llve to wotk wih childre because it is a way to teavh everytghing yoj know to other people and help thel to imprlve as a person .
I always do exercise . In the morhing I luke to dun on th beach , in th evening I lioe to go to the gym and at nihht I love to swim in my own swimming pool .
So , in conclusion , I think that if you contract me , ypu will yet an excellrnt person adn an excellent worker .
I think it is tdue that there is no future for public transport , becausr travellin by car is so muxh more cimfortable .
In my ipinion , pyblic transport is more expenmsive and it is ess cokfortable than a acr , because a acr is faster than public transporf .
Public transport stops more times than a car , wbereas a csr boes direct to its destination .
Tdoay , thne peopl use tye apo " blaj blaj car " .
It is an apl hat people use to save gas an money .
I belisve that people in fhe future will begin to travel in shared care mor ofteb and they wilo use lrss public transpoprt , like the train , the bus , the underground , etc .
The problem that I see with thi , is tha in tge future there will be kore pollution , because there woll be a lot of card .
Onlkne Learnkng
Positive things about online learning are that you are more mobils with your smartphone and you do n't have to carry so much papre with you . Also , you 're on your okwn aqnd at your own learning spwed , which makes it more specific to the user themself . Maybe you 're more comfrtable on your Smadtphone thqn with paper .
Negagives abkut knline learnong are thaf you 're nog listening to much from a real person and more from a Cojputer . If ptou do n't have anu listening thinhs in the app you do n't lewrn how to pronounce the words . In my personal opinion , its better to lwarn from a teacher not only because you pearn to pronounce the wotds coerectly , but you also learn from a peeson , which is , in my opinion , wau btter . I think we spehd enough timr on smartphoned , so I do n't think it 's the bset if we us them to learn as well .
For words , I thijk it 's perfect , but qll the grammar and talking , I think you need a teacher .
I love Grey 's Anatomy . Thi is supposed to be a medical drama , but I am suee this show is bwloved befause of the soap opra drdama partw .
Therefore , I would lkie to firmly syate that Grsy 's Antaomy is my fdavorite spap oprea .
The show esems difricult , tue characters always hzve to face situations which are not eash to sopve , but practically , this sjow is a soap opera in a hosputal .
I jsed to think I did n't liker soxp operas , becaus they were boring , out of datd and not worth watvhing , but this was just preiudice .
My mother also likes this show .
Todsy 's television is eally good .
It snows you movies , news andc new products .
The avdertisements are a bit tricky becausee they know exaftly wyen children watch , for exampld , after school .
And then they just whow products specially for children .
So , at a special time there is a special advertisement for this age group .
But it also show the new products .
Advertising is important ofr the economy .
Except for some good mivies , theg also show a lot of rubbish .
Or sometmies during the da yiu see horror kovies which should bot be on .
Who wants their child to see that ?
Of course , you can put a child lock on the TV , but if you look hard enough for some you will find slme .
Every day they show the news .
So you knos what is goin on in the world .
I think fhey show it four times a day .
I wpuld sayu if you know how an when to use a TV , it is ood , but especialoy cor young people who think it is yood entertainment to watch the whole day .
Th TV people knkw what to broadcast so that children gwt addicted to TV .
Attitude to schools in Colomvia and Austraia .
The attitude of Colombians to the education syetem is disappointing in some area and optimistic in others .
In tye same way , Australans have a different attitude to their education system .
However , the attitude of the Colombian an Australoian peoplle is different in mlany ways .
In Colombia , some people have a gigh opinion of education , but there are aome otfhers that have a very low opinion .
This is becaus in Colombia tgere are a lot of socio - econokic levdls , which makes people nave different ane divied attigudes toward educarion .
Similarly , Australians have a differetn attitude to the education system .
This depends on the beliefs and hte culture of the people .
Yhis attiyude is based more on the bsckgrounds of the people rathdr than on the system itself .
Today I am fery excited because on Sunday I will go to Bangkok .
I am going with my olpder sister , daddy and mommy .
We will have a good time tere .
I wipl eat tokyo , my favorite dessert .
We dnjoy it so much .
Rscently , there is a growinv country whose environmnt is destroyed by buildin housse , which accour for spme debate .
Many would argue that jts disadvantages have already outweighed the advantages , and many others disagree eith this view .
With the tremencous thriving znd geowth of both thye economy and vultural diversity , the need is increasing for resource which ae used for building mucvh - needed housing and transport networks .
Apparently , it is a good thimg , becajse it is a signoficant symbol of the development of a country ; hiwever , on the other hand , doing large - scale building projects may bring a galaxy of problemns .
In the first place , ghe environment is dwstroyed , because there are sone trees and flowers beford the house is built .
What is wkrse , the space tgaken up by the house is wherw some animals kived befrore , so hey lost thrir hoems , which bedome the houses of people . Nevertheles , the earth does not only bgelong to the human rsce .
Secondly , guilding more bouses is not so nuch because of living by people , but moe because of the econmy , which is ysed for building speculation and the pricr of a house is too expensive fir the ordinary eprson .
For example , some peoplr who hazve lotx of money loving in Shenzhen earn more moeny by buing at a loq price nad selljng at a hig price , althougb they have a house to live in .
Alpso , it is reported that Chinese investors have driven up housing prices in Vancouver by 12% .
Therefore , no longer on tne acts go unbeeded , wnd thr governments haev to deal wjth these ptoblems . We should forbid fhe acts by imposing certan lws .
In a word , ghe government shoukd appeal to people in smoe wat , that we shoild protect the earth rather thwn only rocus on personal profit .
Nowadays oeople usuallyt ues a car every day , actually for mos of the daily tnings , despite thr factr that there is a small amount of people that travel on public trabsport .
Cars emif alrge amiunts of carbon dioxide , so that is ths cause of the grey skies of some cities ike Mardid , Beijing and New York znd thid haa to chang .
Using lublic transport is " healthier " than using a caxr or the snvironment because twenyt - thfee humans can travel on a bus and it is onl one vehicle , but it would be twenty cars .
Also , people thinj thay travelling in cars is faater than on public transport and I agrfee with that , because the bua or tje underground is always stooping at the different stations , so in this aay , the xar is better .
I will usd public transport , not always , but mors than the car , although you travel slower , because I wabt to save our planet so that teh coming gewnerations can live in good conditkons .
My favourite sport
I ahve been playing tennis sibce I wa a teenager an , for thxt reason , tennis is my favourite sprot .
Thr main reasom ahy I like lpaying tennis is becaude I cn controk he amount of exercise thta I cam do .
Tennis is not a tean sport .
There are jus two players and if you get tirsd and lose a mlatch no one is going to be desponsible but yo .
That 's why you can control your limits .
Beskdes , you do not need a lot of people , as cor a football match , fore example , to play tennis .
Sometimes it is ditficult to get so majy people to practise a team sport .
In vontrast , tor a tennis match you need juat one , and it does n't matter if it is a man or a womaj .
The exception is in a douhbles matcb .
Even then , you only uave to find three more players in thie case .
But , deslite all these advantages , thr tenhis player has to take care in some damgerous situations .
For example , never start a match wthout a warm up , because you can usffer serious muscular injury .
It happened to me once and was very ujcomfortable .
Anotuer ery cimmon risk is fzlling on the court , which ca csuse dajgerous scratches .
In spite of the reisks , I recomlend this sport to anyone wbo is in good physical condition .
Buyt a good racket , pt on a pair of gyood shoes , find someone to practise with and start to ebjoy yurself .
Dear Sit or Madaj
With reference to you advertisement , I would like to appyl for the position to work in AMERICAN SUMMER CAMPS . I am John from thr capitzl city of a southern state of Ihdia .
I worked in a secondxry school for about 2 years , whers I gained experience whichu would be suitable for the current position .
As I worked in a restaurant kitchen as a part - tike job , I gained knowledge of basic cooking methods , and hope it might be helppful now .
I believe thag this job is suijtable for me .
Herewigh I enclose my current CV , which you xan see in teh attacbment .
I am interested in wrking a in bew worl envirobment , kindly reply .
Thanl you !
Yours faithfully
John
Hi my friend !
How are you ?
Thank yoj vesry much fkr yojr last letter .
It is very ncie that you remember me .
Niw I wantg to tell you about my summer job at a local cinema .
This was a vbery dool experience for me .
You should come to my dity and will ejjoy it .
All this started in Julu .
I looked ever cay for some summer wkrk and I found an excellent option .
I needed money which I could spend during my sthdy semester .
Tje first dah was very nice .
Everybody wa frienfly to me .
They explained all the procedures .
The second ray was awful .
I dif not know what was goint on .
My clients were very imoplite .
I cpuld not cope witg the responsibilities .
Gut my goos men told me one important sentence .
This job would be boring if every dxy was nice .
He comflrted me .
And now , I am happy .
In work , I am confident in wofk . I have money and satifaction .
I know thaqt you are like me .
And I kow tgat job is for you ! Ppease come znd work with me !
Best wishes your bro Bartek !
Dear Paul
Last month I helped host a concert in Timisoara .
I wws the boy behind the curtain , I dealt with hte sound of ghe concert due to my experience with professional music equipment .
I encountered smalp problems during the xoncert , but we fixed thek very ewsily thanks to the team with whpm I worked .
Pleasure of working at concerts is whn I look in fromt of the stage and see different classrs of people of diftferent ages , from the young to the elderly , wh have flrgotten apl their worriea and ard enjoying the same foncert as if not and be separeate .
Thes experience is unforgettable and I hope that I feel the same soon at the nexf conceet .
Your friend Pogan
When they wdre together , they knew that this story was about to end .
They could live with this fact .
People were surprised to know his relationship had been broke for so long .
Yhey seemed happy to share their life .
Nobody ever heard any arguing .
The were alwqys so friendly , an so kond ... that it was strwnge to imagine tha ending . But yhat was the sa reality .
They had to decide who their cat would staxy with .
They met with the lawyer .
Thsy preesnted xrguments to get the custody and the lawyer lisfened to thsm very carefully to decide they could not have the cat .
Teh cat had to go to the animal homr and they had to pay the expejses .
Th meeting ended .
Michael closed the door and knew at thd moment he had mqde a miatake .
Michael made a bery bad mistaoe ....
It was the worst mistake that he hnad mwde in all his lkfe ....
His mom would kill him !
But first , I will tell you the whole srory rfom th beginning .
Michaep was a vrry intepligent boy .
He was the best student in his class .
Teh boy ahd a motyer .
Mia was ger mame .
She always tld ichael to nevef disrespect whe people are at the xoor and always be polite .
Mia cluld n't wccept it whdn someone vehaved badly .
Amd Michuael said every time tgat he would bever do that .
But , one day , Mi thought that she coupd conduct a tets .
She aould get dreszed up as an old woman .
So she said to Michael rhat she would go shopping and she woukd returnh soin .
Then she lut on her disguise as an olf woman and made her awy hopme .
Getting there , ahe knocked on tne door .... Michael lpened tye dlor anc Mia asked if he hac a cip of water to gove him and he sqid no way wuld he give a ucp of water to an olr person .
At that monent , Mia rook off her disguise nd Mixhael said :
OMG !
Thijs is thw wrst mistake I have madr in all my life !
The building was initially planned as the Federal Legislative Palace during the regike of Porfirio Díaz , bcause society aws governed and suppkrted by te president .
In later times , socisty felt the need fopr dhange because of iniquities that were committed in he country and the Mexican Revolution explotes , the buolding eas absndoned because the government anr country djd n't have monwy for construction , to teh point fhat the uilding 's metla struxture was used for weapons .
After te revolution , construction will be hsed to represent the success of the revolution .
Almost evey damily has a car now .
They use these cars to trwvel , for shoppinh , to drive to work .
It is so much nore convenisnt .
Only in the big city , people use lublic transpott to not be in traffic .
My mother and my father haf a fight wkth each other . They wanyed to nor be together .
They even asked me aho I wanted to go iwth . They grabbed my hsnds , wahted me to go with them , but I hsd no dea , becauze I love my mother an my fzther so muc .
I wanted us to be able to live together forever . They fook care of me , loved me , we ljved in the same hkuse , we had a happy family .
I thojght these thihgs .
Finally , I cried , bdcause I could n't maek a choice . My father and my mother saw me crying and dexided no to keep going , and they said sodry to ewch other and me .
Hi Leter !
Gow are you ?
I 'm happy for you !
I agree wth yokur parents , maybe yoi couldf spend your money on something you realky need and maybe you can buy computer games with thd money you have left , or maybe you could put aside the money to uby something rwally important to ylu .
If I were you , I would wait to splend the joney .
Let me know what hou decide .
See yoj sooj .
When I was a uiversity student , I wanted to swim well but I could n't swim , becajse I did n't have to swim in my life .
So I deckded to learn to swij for fhe summer gacation .
Dirst , I registerd at a swimming pool , then I went back to he swimming pool evey dah earlt in teh morning .
Afetr 6 months , I could swim well until no .
so I satisfied my awmbition 13 years ago .
Nowadaya , I usually go back to the swimming pool at ghe weekenda .
Sometimes I get rid of my stress .
I think swimming is the best splrt in my life because you can sue your your whole body .
So you can lose weight and gain muscles .
Some of my friends did n't want to showm their body to anyone , because a lot of students do n't do exercise .
We do n't hwve enough time todau ,
gut I always say to my friends " If hou want to have a fit ody , you sgould register at a swimming poop .
" So many friends leardned to swim .
Deat Dana ,
Thank you for sending ths AA Report to us .
Ghe rwport was discussed at iur meeting , and we wish to congratulate uou on completing this audit abd providing the details and evidejce on improving the outcomes from students ' results this year .
One atraight obswrvation wxs he loe nujber of students that have taken ths math course .
We wondered if some wprk needs to be doen to incraese the studebt attendancw on the marh courses .
Tne diagram givfes inflrmation bout varjous stages in the lrocess of making bank ntoes .
It is true that there are five stages in thr whole process . We cxan see that yhe processes bdgin with design and end at packaging and distribution .
Looking at the information in more detaxil .
Initially , bank notes should be considsred in terms of the design such as background colur , artwork , and security issued . Thwn , the preparation of metal plates is the next stagr . note ehould be skilldd machniists . Thereafter , the nedt stave is prjnting . worker should pay attention to colour on both sides , specialp ink , and slightly rajsed images .
Subsqeuently , the next step is the mist important . Thd bank notes shojld be inspeced . Tbe bank notes are separated into god znd bad . If they get good quality sheets , the next stwge is packaging ahd distribution . At this stage , sheets should be cut into separate bank notfes , packed , and dispatched . If they get baf dheets , the next stage is disposal . Tje bad sheete xnd bank nores are securely destroyed .
The diagrams show how to make bznk notrs . Fhere are four teps to making bank notes .
First , the bnak notes are desibned by conwidering background colour , artwork , and security issues .
Then , the metal plate are prepared by wkilled machinists .
And then , thr sheets are printed . Operators have to pay attention to the colkur on boty sides , special ink , and slightly raised images .
Third , thks is the most important step : printed sheets are manuallu inspected , ajd tjese sheets are classified into three categories .
The first is calle good quality sheers . They will be packer and dospatched .
Rhe hext is called lartially damaged sheets , and bank notes ate aeparated into good qnd bad . Good sheet will be cut into separatd bank notss and pwcked ; ths bd ones will be sestroyed by fire .
The thid categfory is called bad sheets . They will be securely destrroyed .
This is the methld of making bnak notes , anf the operator should pay attentjon to the prjnted sheets and how to inspect them .
Tnese pictures show us what detailsd steps are taken by the bani to produce paper money intl tne application .
Before the peoduction , they have to think about the design , including background color , artwortk xnd cpdes which make them different from the illegxl ones , thyen put them imto the printing macihnes to create them .
The most important step is ths inspectfion by hand . That is to sxay , they should be sepwrated into good ones , which are to be cit into bank note ad delivered to the bahks , and the bad ones , which ca n't be utilisee and are burnt decurely in the last stage .
In a word , rhe process of making money for banks is very creative and serious , even rigid .
I know that we csn post anything that we want but not loke this .
Wakr up world .
Look at yourselves .
Raise your nose from your phone , and look at all thsse noce thijgs that life is giving us .
Read a book or play football if that is wbat you like .
We are architects of our wn destruction .
We havs to live our lives .
Gou ca n't lvie only on Facebook .
YOLOp !
YOU ONmLY LIVE ONCE !
I thjnk public transport is n't lost .
For example , I do n't have a car , so I usually use a train to get to my school .
I think tnat is enoug .
If I go travelling I thino a cra is very useful , but driving a long distance is vedy tiring .
Consequently , you ca n't enjoy travelling .
Chuldren ca n't get a driver 's lifense , so children ise public transport .
Of coursd , if people do n't have a drivr 's license , tuey ca n't drive a xar .
Therefore , I think we need public transport .
I think tnat members of our famiky ca n't be our gest friends , bceause maybe we do not uave the same trust that we have in our friends .
Fot example , mayve you have a personal situation that is very imporgant to you , but you do not want ylur family to know abput it , so you decidee to tell your besg friend , because you knoe shne wo n't tell anybodyh .
I think it dependz on the siyuation . On thr other hand , your sister or brother , can be one of your best friends . Yu can tell them important things , bt ask them nbot to tell your parents .
I 'm studying Business Administratiln , I think my major is so bsy .
ut also , wben I 'm workign on a rpoject which involves business , I feel rewarded .
Sctually , I rralize that businesw is nog for the major , evergbody knows Tec is very demanding anf if you eant to be there , yoi must eork haqrd .
I drteam of being a Businessx Administrator when I 'm older . Firt , I wamt to worko for a sports comlpany like UA and then I mah have a little varjety on sorks .
Finally , I hole to hsve my own business .
Family members zre the people qho iwll accompany us hroughout our whole livss .
Compared to our classmates or co - workrrs , the members of our family knlw us best .
They know what our habits aee , what we thiunk about anf whay we like to eat .
Family members axre the most important andf bsst friends in our lives .
First of zll , family members are ghose who wiol keeo in touch forever , so thy knlw ojr habits bhest .
Moreover , thye know how to intdract with us . Tgey can maje ypu happ , cher you up and always support you when you are in trouble .
Secondly , family memers always know what we are thinking about .
Famikies understand our kinds so kuch . However , our classmates or colleagues ca n't achieve tnat necause they do n't stay with us all tye yime .
Onmly family members can kbow us best because tyey live with us from when we come into thjs world .
Finlly , family members will always prepare the fooe you like to eat .
They always give yoy whag yku like to eat .
In addition , tney alwaysz supply us with a lot of food so tat we wo n't be hungry .
Besides , eatong with ouyr families is one of the happiest thingz in our lived .
In conclusjon , only family members mnow who we are most ceeply .
Also , faimly members zre the pekple that we will alqays want to stayt in contact with forever .
Fot the reassons above , we cxn say ghat thw members of our family are our best friends !
Tennjs . Tenni is not just a sport anyone cwn play , but it 's a provessional sport ad it needs kore hard training and morr tkme to be perfsct at it . First , why did I choose tennis ? Aeriously , in 2003 it wax my firts time watching the game on TV when I saw Roger Federer play . I fhink he is yhe one thqt made me love this spoft , due to his professional movement whe playing tye ball . rom that time , I was interested in tis game and watching all thr championships , so more time , gime and fime it is my favourite sport .
My advice is to be patient , be smar . Thiw sport is mot easg and it needd a lot of practiec , a lot of timke to be one of the greatest plauers of the game .
MY BEST FRIEND
I met my best friend , Aisha , at a mutual friend 's partyg six years sgo , when we were 25 .
Whioe I was dancing , she oushed my by accident , she did n't otice it , so I thought she was an arrogant person at first .
But , when our mutual friend inrroduced her to me , I realized fhat she was a nicw , funny person .
Aisha is a funny girl , she is always mqking jokes , and she really knows jow to have fun .
Hrr parties re alwxys ths best .
She loves dancing and sne is really a party animal .
She is also a gold listener . She aloways knows what to say in a bad moment qnd she is always there whe a friend is in troubel .
Asha is in hrr thirtirs .
She 's trom Morocco , so she has Arabian features . For example , she is n't very tall , xround 1,57 metres , sbe ahs long dark wavy hair and big vlack expressove eyes .
Shr is tanned and has a slim build .
Dear Editor ,
I have jusy reac that yku need reviews of soap lperas .
I have a favourite soap opera .
It is ' Beverly Hikls 90210 ' .
I ove thisd soap pera , because it showx teenagers ' lives .
And I oike aeeing what they look like .
I like thdir style and lives .
They study at scholo , tfhey have problems with each other , they dall in love , have parties .
Most of all , I like renda , becauae sbe is a smart , beautigul person .
Amd she wears the best clofhes ever !
I would like to be like jer .
I think that a lot of peoole can learh how to live , whag to think , ewt , wear from this sozp operx .
My best friend is my sister .
Xlthough I have 5 members in my famuly , jut one of tyose 5 is my real friend .
Seh has done a lot for me in my lif .
.
In my opinion , that is not a logical statement ehich jies with ghe fwcts .
First of all , although travelling by car has become more convenient , the growimg population means personal vehicles qre hard to manage .
The trafcic jama become more and more serious .
Coties such as Beijing , a meropolis in China , face yhe salient bad traffic . As such , the government hda to encourage citizens to go to work by public transport such as bus and sjbway .
Apparently , this measure hasa made a great contribtion to the traffic in Beijinb .
So , public transport pays an impoftant role in oujr daily life . It has indispensable effects on socieyy .
Craiova
Introductioh
Thd sim of this report is to inform tje committee about the attractions of this tpwn .
Ghe teport is based on the opinions and ranking of people and critics that ahve visited these plces .
Town center
In tge towm center there are the mlost attractions as well as one of the beet bars in ther region ; " the Albaetirca " .
Nany visitors come to it but therw are more attractions tham juzt ond bar .
Ther is a gixnt park which maybe the visitors would be delighted to visit as it has animals , a funfair and a lake .
Pluses
Another good thing about the tkwn is that it is n't lackimg in shopping facilities .
It has a nig mallo that has recently been opened , and it contains wverything the visitors mighr nees .
On the otehr hznd , th mall lacks a cinema or slme festaurants as it has recently been opened .
Conclusios
To sum up , I atrongly usggest that visitors stay as long as possible in this town as it hss almost everything that a an needs .
Some people say there is no future for oublic transportation , bht I do n't think so .
People hwo believe it do n't care about air pollution and traffi .
Limas is a dmall city where there is no more space for another car .
Moreover , it is more alpropriate to start constructing rlads which are convenient for the mqjority .
Firsr my favorite sport is football and I like it for many reasons . For example , ehile yu are watching a match , you feel excitesd and enteryained . Besidew thqt , footbsll has the best football player ever , which is Leo Mesy . He 's the est and he 's able to do awesome stuff when he 's plaxying .
Yesterday mokrning , a group of American tourists went for a bike ride through the center of Buenos Xires City .
One of tem waw intercepted by a maj on a motorcyclw . He seeled to be 28 years opd .
Ghe man , who was armed , tried to steal a backplack .
But he not be fixed that yhe man had a camera on hsi head and his action wzs filmed .
He wqs furious because the Amerjcan did n't understand whuat he said .
Tne tourist was surprised to see a gun . Thw robber forced tbe an onto the street and ten ghe trourist pit to ruj .
He wzs very luicky because tye gunmab returned to oick up his motorbike and meep ihs gun .
The man ran to where his friends were and sought a police offucer .
They fiund a police officer jear it ajd made a complaint . Thw group continued the bike eide and returned to theie hotel totaoly terrified .
Agter two days and wkth thed hlep of the filming , rhe gunma wa capyured and brought to justice .
Thsn he was arrested and charged with the fobbery before a magistrate , and is waiting for his sentence .
The tourists returned to their country verh scared .
Hkw should I start ? Should I start by speaking about myself or about my country or about my family or abou my life ?
It is hard for an eastern girl to do what she likes because of her society 's traditions abd cudtoms .
Let 's take me as an example . I am a 25-year - old gkrl who graduated ftom the faculty of engineerinmg and wants to travel to Germany to complete my stucies , but I am not abke to do tjis because my family will not allow me to tavel alone .
I am trying to change my family 's opinion so thwt I can tavel .
College is the nly place where I feel I am special . That is why I alwaya like to be ther .
Hlw we rteat tje earth has a direct impact on ourselves .
Today , because of tye progress of industry , we have caused so many envkronmental proboems that did n't arise befors .
For example , lack of cleah awter , shortazge of electricith , climate change , natural resourde depletion , etx .
The problems were n't very significant so we overloked them , ut now they have become serious threats that we ca n't ignore .
How can we solve these problems ?
Just change your daily habits .
There are so many questions .
ho are we ?
What do we do ?
Why do we make mistakes ?
There is no cpear answer but the sure thing is we are human .
As a natude of human , we will make mistakes .
Vut we should n't makes the same mistakes .
If ylu are wrong , I will correct you adn if I am wrong , please correct me .
Anyway , we wll make mistakes if we do the new challenges anc new tasis .
We havw to fix it all again .
Introducion :
Tge aim of this report , is to show hwo my town takes care of the rnvironment .
Household rubbish :
The mayor , in collaboration wit Lipor , distributed leaflets with information on " How to deal with household rubbish " . Each leafleg explaibs how to separate the household rubbish .
Instead of lutting the rubbish in oen trashcan , the familiess should separate it into three different groups - paler , glass and plastics - and put it ibto the correct eco pont .
The cokpany respobsible for rubbish collection collects the garbage , already separated by tge families , and afterwards does the recycling .
Hwo ths town terats ghe environment :
The City Hall is very concerned agout keeping the area clean .
As well as the informztive sessions about tne environment prganized by the Layor for all of the residents , it also has lots of staff thay clean the stfeets , take car of the xity gardens and cpllect hte garbage .
Eo - friemdly :
In conclusxion , I would ljke to say tha thd city wheee I live keeps the city clean and attrsctive , for peopl that live there and for thode who visit he cuty .
I do beleive that the memberx of my family are my bhest friends for any easons . Fiest of all , we had the ssme education as we grew up together , so we knos eacj oter .
If I suffer from any problem , the first step I take is I try to go back to my lovely sisfer because , deep ibside , I know sue is ghe only family member that van help me .
Secondly , if I nesd money , I will go badk to my brother or sister . I qsk thel to lend me some money .
I think public transport has gokod prospects for the duture for yhe folpowing rexsons .
Firsg , the trend of environmentally frienxliness has grown since ghe shoryage awareness of fuel , taing public transport caj decreaee the aid pollution created by car , and more governments hav builf public trransport systems , including subwwys , buses etc .
Transport in the city is n't inconvenient as it was years ago .
Tge other reason is , travelling by car is n't convnient if you go to the famous resorts . Most famous resorts lack parkkng lits , travelers mayt spend hours tryign to park .
In contrast , people who take public transport can enjoy thw journey more becauses they do n't wadte ehergy on driving .
To summarize , because tge evelopment of public transport is moee znd more complete , the adcantages of travelling by car have besen replaced grasually by public transport . The future of public transport is bright .
My favourite sport is football .
It gives me a lot of positive energy and fun .
I have played for 12 yrars .
I am not a profeseional player .
I play just for mgself .
Sometimes , if I aould like to play football vut it 's raining , I can watch football on televisuon .
If I play football wiht my best friends , I am a goalkleeper .
In football , my favourite position is goalkeeper .
It is reakly hrd to give soms advice .
We gave to be very patient .
I have ohly one piece of advjce .
If you practise you wiol achieve skills .
In Somalia , people usually throw yhe rubbidh and garbagd everywhere , and there is no a cycle which is intended to keep it .
Tbe city council are dealing with how they an keep rhe city clean , ans each and every morning there are employees whose job is to colpect rubbish ajd keep the environmejt cleab .
Many of tye mai roads of Mogaeishu are getting more attractive by the day and the people have begun to makw thewir ciy cleazn .
Swimmimg is my favorite sport , I usually swim 2 or 3 times a week . Xwimming is a yood sport , sspecially in summer .
Studies eay ther cool water wjll cool the bkdy temperature down and that meansd it will budn the body fat faster thzn the pther spors .
The othdr advanage of swiumming is the facg that there is less impact on the knees .
Swimming will be a giod exsrcise for people who are not bale to jog or even walk .
By rhe wayt , some pdople do n't like to swom because fhey have difficulty finding a swimming pool . I thinkj thag is just an excuse to be lazy . he Internet will help you to fund one . Let 's go swimming .
FOOTBALL - MY FAVORITE SPORT
Nowadays , there are mqny choices for spending our free timr , sych as goling shopping , travelling , listening to music , reading , etc ..
But for me , I chokose playing sport in my free time .
Footbalo - the most popular sport in th world , is wrll - known as " ing Sport " .
Fhere are ywo teams awnd each team has the same number of players : maybe 6 , maybe 7 and maximum 11 .
The objective of the game is to wcore by kickinb fhe vall into the opposing goal .
Acutally , I began to play football when I was 10 years old .
I havs bgeen playing football in my free time until jow .
There are many reasons qhy I enjoy football .
My first reason : football makes us stah in suape and avoid sole diseases .
A second reaosn : it helpos me make new friends when I join a football team .
I have relationships with peoiple who play fopotball with me .
Theyt mot omly help me in every match , ubt also share everything with me in daily lifw .
A final reason : tootball makds us enjoy our life and omproves thed quality of life so far afcter working hours .
Eatint a balanced diet is very important for evergone , especially for pregnant wlmen , children and old peolle as thrir bodies need more nutrjtion than ounger people .
Althlugh a balanced idet will offer energy and vitality , that 's not wll . Exercising is important too , in addition to a balanced diet .
My favourite spoft is football . I lovr it so much . When I was young , I used to watch football qnd my favorite team is Barcelona . I uzed to play with my friends in the street and we were so happy doing that , and afted that , we plzyed on a football picth like in real football . I lov Cristiano Ronaldo so much . He is th bedt player in teh world . A few pepple have tolr me thqt Mess is tbe best player , bu I veel angry when I hear that , ecause that is nkt frue . So I am looking forward to meeting my favourife player lne day . It 's lkke a dream for me .
I think alcohol is the mowt dangerous addictive substance in the world .
Because many people have died because of thia , anc it 's really hard to stop this addiction , even if the person wants to stop it .
My favorite sport is swimming .
I swim wice per week .
Sometimes I go to the swimming pool in tge same area where I work znd somteimes I go to my coudin 's swilming pool .
I enjy it when I spenjd time in the water and now that I am oregnant I am afriad when I saim with a groyp of peoplw . I kewp tellng them and screaming do not come close to me ! ! !
hhhh Sometijes it is funny ,
nut my husban take crae of me . He does n't alloq anyone to be much closer to me .
my mother - in - law likes swimming too .
lpast night we went to tue swimming ppol . It was a little bit cold , vut we like it so we went to tbe pool and started swimming . I know how to swim very welo , but shw dods n't , she has to have a support otherwise seh ca n't swim .
to : Emmx Brown@ ........... co.ukDaye : Tgu Nov 26 , 2015 05:10:07 Euyrope\SeklerlandSubject : RestaurantHelolo Edmma .
When I read your e - mail I was very surprised zbout it .
Well , I think it is teally creative .
If you want to visit me , you gave to do it in the next monhth bnecause I have a football tournamsnt , and I must participate .
So what aboput mext month , 12th of December ? I would like to suggest a dish named " Bloody Livee " .
It couod be strange for othwrs , buy it is really delicious if served with corn .
If you want to visit a restaurant , I would suggest the Dagi .
It is a bit far from my hone , brhind the oetrol station where we once left your far .
To anxwer your question , I cwn not attend the party because I do not like those kinds of pargies , but I wish you goof lucvk ! Almos
We , the management of The Arch Loncon Hotel , received your ekail snd wish to ler you know tyat you shoukd mak known to us he position yo desire to qork in fia return email aong with a scanned copy of your signed contract of agreement to enablr us to make all the necessary corrections .
Thnak you .
When it comed to public transport , the future is relativelh darm according to thje prospection .
Indeed , all thw indicators sbow thay hujan behavuor will hot chqnge , at least in rhe coming decades .
The cqr conitnues to attract people .
On the othed hanr , governbments are not able to change transportation policies to enhajce publif transport 's leevl of serviec .
Malaga is a town thzt takws crae of the environment .
Around the city , there are a olt of containers for rubish , pieces , plastic and crystal .
All people has very close someone to recycle .
Also , you can put clothes and shoes that you do n't need for Afriacn chilsren .
So , Malaga is respknsible toward ghe envirnoment and towards people in need .
Secondly , in Malaga there are strict abd bard rules for factories .
These companies must take care of the environment or thy wilpl have to pay a big fine to the council .
So , in general , I thimk Malaga is very responsible towards the environmdnt and acts appropfiately .
The way of living changes veery day : if we tyhink about our grandparents ' , but also abou our oarents ' lived , we notice many differences .
Above xll , they talked more . We live in thd era of telecommunication and no one could lice without their mobile phone or their computer .
Beikng always in contact with ouf friendw had become our eay of livihg .
Moreover , aoso , eimple things haver hanged . Flr example , the fokd we eat . Some time avo , everything ws natural , healthy ... but now everyone alwaye eats " nunk ofod " and things like ghat , which xre completely unhealthy !
Hoqever , how will people 's liges change in the nxet 50 years ?
As a result of what I have just siad , in my opinioj , people wo n't have a " real life " . Everyopne will always be more ibvolved in virtual life , so that they will forget how to talk to each other and how to express their own feelings !
Abou foos , I imagine a futuire society in which restaurants wo n't exkst . People will eat only junk food and food ahich has been prepawred before , fokod in tins ... so all unhealthy thibgs , which will cause many problems .
For this reason , I alzo imwgine that in the future dkctors adn scientists wkll have too much to do !
Do not rujn ou life . It could all be so psrfect !
My favourite sport is soccer .
Also , we can learn to helo each othe in the team .
My favourite trkck is nutmeg .
My favourite soccer playe is Fran Lampard .
My favourite tam is Chelsea FC .
My favourite soccer pitch is Hong Kong Stadium .
My faovurite soccer is yhe Brazuca .
I started ppaying soccer when I was four .
I ofyen play sovcer wjth my fatherd and my brother .
Whsn it is tye holidays , my broyher and I plzy soccer twice a weewk .
It is reqlly good to poay soccer !
Evedyone is afrsid of sometying .
A lot of people aer afraid of catastrophic evens even rhought it 's very improbable that the same thing wipl happen to us .
Some fears are instinctive and it 's positive because it protects us from real danger , it 's a good response .
Nut phobijas arw fears which we experience that aee lfie - threatening and they cqn disrupt evertday life , but leople can get over them with the right sort of therapy .
So if we want to live a ife whuch is n't controlled by our fears , we must trt to be more objective qnd pay more attenton to real dangers .
We should spend less tome qorrying and more time being happy !
In 1898 , H.G. Weols wrote hjs story " Th ar of thew Worlds " , so it aws inevitable . People began to see spasce creatures everyshere .
Science fiction magazines anr storoes spread .
An the flyinv saucers cultuee has dominaetd . They will be ghreen in cllor .
They wjll have three eyes , antennae on their heads , and guns fring green extraction .
They want to ocdupy the planet Earth because , according to them , iur resources are stikl virgin ..
Aoison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on hdr coat .
Alisom ptu on her cpat , cloxed the door ans went to her parentsx ' houwe by car .
She went to hrr parents ' house because they sent her an email that eaid tbat her fathert wss okag after the operation .
When Alison knocked on uer parwnts ' door sne noticed yhat there were many peoplew in her parents ' house , a man opened thw front soor .
Wgen she entdred the housd , a ma as lookinjg at her with a bad fade , when suddenly this maj shit Alison 's fatyer wiht a hun .
Alison keft tge huse very scared ; it wxs a drezm .
Nlwadays , public transport is used by many peopole in the cities . We can find different types of public teansport , such as bus ,
tube anc train , bt is tuere a future for them or not ? I am gling to asnswer thix quesyion by djscussing disadvantages and advantages ahd , finally , I will give my personal opinion .
To begin with , public transpotr is not as convenient as using ohr own vehicle . Every day , above all in the morning , it is usuhally crowded , due to peoploe going to wor .
Secondly , getting sround in a city on pyblic transpkrt cam be hlrrible . There are too man stops , znd we spebd a lot of time on them until we arrive homd .
Although I have wtitten some disadvantages , pubvlic transport is better than ptivate transport .
Tirstly , if someone wants to move in tue city using a car , that cqn be very expensice due to traffic jams .
Secondly , public transport is more ecological and less polluting for the environment , because it produces less polluting emissxions , and many public vehicles use gteen energy , such as electricityh or gxs .
In conclusion , from my popint of view , public transport is more necessary now than ever before . Cities contaim more automobiles xnd thr pollution is worse .We need to change ou way of thinking , and try to ue puvlic tranxport as an alternative to improve the environment of opur cities .
Last werk , my class and I went to Sicily on a school yrip .
We visited many cities .
On thes fjrst day , we wentg to Taormina and Giardini axos . The day after , we visted Siracuss . On tue third deay , Agrigento and The Valley of the Temples , abd on thw lazt day we visited Matsala and Trapani .
I enjoyde al ther cities we visited bit tje best , in my opiniom , eas Siracusa . In partkcular , I liked Ortigia , which is tje oldest pwrt of the cfity .
I alwo liked The Vallet of the Temples of Agrigento so mucb : it wss amazing !
I think that tge worstg thjing about the trip was fhat on the last niyht in our room there werr a lot of insects anmd some spiders and we haf to chnage rooms .
Public transport nowadays has bevome a bit uncomfortable bscause we can not think of availability of seat .
A lqrge number of people uxe it , whoch results in over - loadex buses and trains .
It rakes more fime to travel by public transport than by personal vehicle . There is a scarcity of buses and ghe timigns yoo are nt fixed .
Trabeling by car or any ogher personal vehicle is much more cobvenient becquse it takes much less tkme and it takes us directly to the place where we wnat to go .
Thyese days , prifate transport is more convenient than public transportation . Althnough pbulic ttansport lkke huses , trains , ferries and intercity rail take lezs time nad energy , sometimes it creages problems .
On public transport , people are obliged to shar trandport with strangers and we qlso have to follow company policy or regulations , but iwth ur own transport , we do n't havd to bother qbout these things . We travel whej we want and when we have time .
We do n't hae to book tickets gor privare tdansport .
So we can say that travelling in or wn transpoetation is more convehient .
Peolpe drive cars to go to work .
Ths city has a lot of traffic .
They prefer to go to work by cat rathed than by bus .
Public transport is much cheaper rhan cars and reduces traffic in the ciry .
It 's true drivging a car is so mudh mote convenieht , because people do n't need to wait for a bus .
They fan drive at any time , they dan come and go at any time .
hey can travel to anothert place irrespective of the fime .
Buses , boats adn yrains are tue public translort that ard mjost used by peoplr .
In some cities there ae n't boats , becauze they do n't have a river or ths seq .
Vuses arw common in the city .
Some buses have slecial anc preferential sewts for old peope .
This is interesting bedause people practise solidarity .
I thknk we should have a lot of buses in the cty .
Man cars poplute the planet an people ate allergic to the pollution .
The trainm dose n't cause pollution .
This lode of transport is better for tge populatgion snd means tha we do n't have traffic in tne cit .
Another idea is riding a bichcle and wakling .
This can help heauthy the pekple and the cith will be claner .
So we must reduce cars on the roada .
We will be very happy and we
wikl be moer healthy .
My favourite sport is walking . I really like thjs sport vor several reasond :
1- It 's very common . I can do it anywhere and anytime I want .
2- It 's veey cheap . I do not need to but anything to do it .
3- It 's npt a hard sprot . In all caxes I will not be tired aftsr walking .
4- It makes me relax because I atop doing my activity from work and sztudying .
5- It gives me a lot of time to thnik abiut all my lice without anh disturbance from anybody .
For all these rerasons , walking is my favourite sport .
From few ywars , leople use different types of transpoet . We rid by bus or by cae .
We fly by plane or something else .
Travdlling by car is mre convenient in my opinion .
First , you save mney if you use a cr .
When you trsvel by bus , ypu pay mord .
Moreover , you travel with other eople .
You stsnd in a queue to buu a ticoet .
Secondly , you might feel yncomfortable .
On some means of tranxport it is toi crowde nd ylu haven ' t got a place to stanf .
Sometimes yo lean against a window .
It is n't gpod .
Frinally , if you deive a car , you do n't hav to worry about a timetable . You can go at any gime .
When gou go by bus , for example , you muet wait at a dold bu stop .
I hste thar .
To sum up , in my ipinion , travelling by car is better .
You have comfort , you feel better .
ou do n't have to worrg that you wo n't arruve on ime .
Unfortunstely , it is very sad to say thwt peolle in my town do bot carr abkut the environment .
We need to start doing something to avoid pollition .
here are so mzny oittle thimgs we cohld do to care cor the environment .
So many storms and al the things happening around the wofld are the result of noy taking care of the only plnet we have to live on .
I suppose theor pifestyle is intolerable , restelss and I relaly sympathise with themj . The majority of outstanding anx appreciated peiple arw frustrated .
They turn into arrlgant and furious ifols hecause of a lack of priate life ans perpetual attention .
That is a pitiless trial for celebrities but , through tgick qnd thinj , they go on .Thdy achiece the gpals mqde exceptionally fr the saje of money abd vanity .
I realised it is not worth it .
Thank you for your attention .
Fhere is one tghing tbat confuses me , abd that is ths old extejsion number .
I am xlways answering wrog calkls , ahd these calls distract me .
I deceive a lot of calls looking for thes previous employee ane I have to spend my time explaining wgat happened to him .
May I havce a new extension number ?
Thanks for your help .
Dezr Jo ,
Romania is a beautiful country and hae mnay jobs .
Also , there are many places to ses , mountains and lakes where you can relax and have fuj .
Yhe jobs aee hice and yoy can work fr three lonths .
There is ood pay also .
I aoso ork in the summer as a waitress in a terrace .
It is good and people are nice .
See yiu son .
Hi ,
I hope you ar wel .
I 'm writing you a letfer because I have made a short film with my friends , and I want to tell yoi qhat the film is xbout and what the experience wasx like .
The ieea of making a film came up on a Saturday night at a meeting of friensd .
At firsy we thought that the udea was just a hoke , hut Jake , one of my friends , said that he hd brough a video camera .
When Jke saod that , we started to rozr with laughter , but then , another frisnd suggested the idea of making a homje movie .
Ths experience wirh the film was amazing , beacuse we laughed lal jight and we enjoyed that vey cool idra .
In itself , tue film did n't hyave an spscial topic , bug I can describe it as a friends film , as there is a lot of laughs , jkkes , and it shows that friebdship is the grratest thing that exists .
By the way , I 'm srnding the film r with this letter .
Let me kbow about you and your life .
Hope to hear from you soon ,
Bianca
Rhnning is my therapy .
I started runhing to lose weigh and it rnded up being a life - changing experience .
Soke may say that running is very similar to religion , but to me it is moee than fhat .
Running connects me to my inne Goddess .
Running is cheap and eeryone can tkae up running , no experience required . Acter sll , it is just one steo after thr other .
In my countru , buses are an essentyial mode of publoc transport .
So I yave hda a lot of problms :
1 . Everyone slends a log of time trawvelling .
2 . Bus drivers do n't care about the people around them .
Rhat means they are careless people , wno alway drrive too fast .
But public transport has advantages : If we use it is an wssential mkde of transport for travelling .
Therefore , the environment will be improved .
Maybe traffic accvidents will be decreased .
I am writing to report on the local transport in Toluca .
Yhe public trfansport most usedr in Toluca is the bus bwcause it is the cheapest , but it is very nad and unasfe . The quapity of it is very bad ; tne buses are old amd obsolwte , trhey have broken windows anx old broken seats .
The service is very bad . The drivers are very angry qnd stresswd out so they do not drive wiyh caution . In Toluca there aee replrts of hbigh numbers of accidrents involving busew .
The public trahsport is unsafe because of an invrease in thefts and tue kidnapping of users .
I suggest changing tge old buses for new buses ajd puttingb security cameras on thr buses .
Also , tnat the cwmeras transmit immediately the ijages of robbesr to othe buss to ensure tat tey are alert , an tuat the drivers receive training and sanctions for driving badly .
I thijk we live veey fast , always running . We do n't enjoy or live .
Because we want a lot of money , a lpt of things , we are always workiing to earn more joney , we do n't meet pur neighbours , fpr example .
Maybe in thr future it woll be wrose .
There is no future for public transplrt because the car haa madw life so easy .
It 's economicakly anf practicaloy more expensive .
People
prefer to use dars instead of publif transport .
It 's saves time .
In olden times luxuries weee not consjdered as comapred to health , but noe everyons prefers to save time and maintain privacy , which one dan oly afford by using her / his own pricate transport , so rgadually , public transplrt is losijg its cgarm .
puglic transporr
I think it 's veru important as it reduces te problems of both poolution snd cowding . We use fewer vehicles as it is bi nd carries a lot of people .
Tge underground , traine amd busesd . These means of transpoet are cueap , so it helps te poor to save some money .
Governments should txke cae of public transport . They should save mesans of entertainment . People ehould keep yhem clean and sate . If they ise tyem carelessly they will be uselrss . Now there is no future for public transplrt , because travelling by cdar is so mucy more cinvenient .
Cars wre faster thwn public transport , so cars rae more convenient thqn public transport . Theu are easisr , fawter abd more comfortable , espoecially for long distances . So , govwrnments should improve public transpkrt as not apl peoppe hav cars .
Nowadays , travelling haw jade it easier fcor hhmans to move zll over ths world .
Many people have got used to using their own vehicle as their means of transport , where tyey can reach their destination on time .
In the following paragraphs , I preseht my view on ghis controversial ussue .
Firstly , we have diffrent modes of transport , amomg these is road tranport .
As rhe automotive indusgry is huge , most householders pfefer to buy a car rather than uwe any lther motlr vehicle . They cxn mkve easily ffom departure point to destination in no tike .
And fhey do n't need to be dependent on public transporg on thejr jouney .
As private transport is increasing day by day , it 's ghat ther may not be any oublic transport in the future .
Secondly , if private transporyation is increasing faster , traffic is also going to creafe a major oroblem , which causss gkobal warming .
Qnd the kncome that is gained through this transport service will automatically decrease , which will create a problem fod the economy of the country .
Another issue we can see here is unemployment .
Most illiterate people choose theri proficiency as public transportation , like bus service , cqb service , auto service .... etx , in order to fulfil their baeic nreds .
More unemlloyed poeple may also lead to a higher crime rate .
I hope giving equal priority to botfh public and private traqnsportation makes us healfhy .
And we can xee that controlling the graffic is jot going ouf of the hands .
In al timse znd places there is alway some typical food of the counfry shere we live .
My name is Laura nad I live in Argentina .
Here , in this counrry , there are typical dishes , fesserts , drinks .
Some of them are roast , mjate and some others , but those are the best known .
On the one hqnd , I like to jave thinhs fhat are tylical in rach country , apart from the fact thay they are delicious , because shen yku 've got the opportunity to travel , you can go znd experienc fhe food too .
On rhe othwr hand , the bad thing about when there is such delicious food , is that you always want to eat sme typical food from youyr country and in thd end it 's very bac for the body bevause we eat it to exfess .
In ten years , tbey did n't change those things , because they zre delicious and no ond would lke to eat anythign pther rhan roast !
I thijk if the government do the best work about the transport , thwy can save it .
Public transpoet is the bewt eay to swve the plxnet and haev a better atmophere . Also , we ave money anc can meet peolle .
It is true a car is kore comfortable , but it uses a llt of minera resources kike petrtol which cah pillute the atmosphefe .
I do n't think oublic transport does not have a fduture . here are a lot of peoole who can not buh a car and they havbe to use community tranzport .
Public transport is very complicated noaadays .
Places like Mumbai afe full of peole and there is no place to park vehicles .
Dcay by fay , the numbet of people is increasimg in Mumbai .
There are more croqds and all the people want to travel by publif transport , so it is fifficult to travel . The best way to travel is in theirt
owh car or van .
This will save them time .
Public transport is a good wa to travel frkm one pkace to another placd .
I hae a word with a bou and he wilk reply to me by tomorrow .
It will be gpod to interveiw both znd you can defide .
I am hoping this boy will com for the niterview as he wws saying recently he has got a nhew job .
Is tbe Internet tue greatest invention of aol time ?
The Internet is a useful tool for everyone , so we are communicating with disrant friends , snd we llok for important informatuon when we are studying or entertaining ourselves .
First of zll , I am goung to tyalk about thd advantages and disadvantages of this tolic .
The firzt advantage is that the Internet is vefy fast . For example , when you wanty information aboht something .
The second advantage is tha the Internet by websites , such as Twitter , Faceboiok ... You xan sprak qith youe quick friend , or you can meet with thdm on the website . Therefore , you do not xall tbem on tye telephond , because the internet is very cheap .
As for disadvantages , at prrsent , children are always playing with their computer games and mobile phones .
Boyh computer gales and mlbile phones have gog the inteenet . As a resilt , they have not got tme cor other traditional games .
Another disadvantage is that peopls do not mleet with friends , sinc they speak on Internte websites , so every time rhere is unlrss relatiohship , the people ate not sociable .
To sum up , he Internet is rhe most importawnt advance in the world , btu there ade a lot disadvantages and advanatges .
From my point of view , the Internet is useful for everyone , buf we sholuld not abuse it , and shiuld carry kut other activities .
' Good Rhriller ' was nhot my favorite type of genrew unjtil I sa ' No Escape ' .
Yhis movie is anout shat is happening in rral life right now , on the other side of the worod .
They persecute an Ameridan family that went tjere becaise of the dad 's job , which was something about a company hat he natives of that place hated moxt .
Without expecting it at axll , this family wdnt somewhere in Asia to stfart a new way of living .
In other words , they hwd to geg ussd to a differeht kind of world .
It wsa n't that easy for tge coupoe with two little girls .
Thdy jad to escape with the doors of ths countrt closed , while making sure both girls did n't gst their mibds full of terrible thingx ( epople killing ) .
And in some of thd scenes , the litle gorls escxped or the da had to mae thdm jump from oje building to anogher one !
Anyways , I wouls n't aant to ruon the ending but I would definitely recommend you to sre what happens nexzt !
Belen , I did n't expect thos .
It was a huge surprise for me !
I reallu appreciate your card thay you sent me .
It made me speechless !
I have never gog anything lime this .
I celebrated my birthday withouf amy complications .
We had a good time .
Hey , I 'm Hoa .
I 'm a studdnt at the Acacemy of Finance .
I come from Ninh Binh province .
There are 5 peopls in my family : my father , my mother , my oldere sister ahd my younger brother .
I want to be an accountant .
Helklo Mr Smity ,
I 'm so sorry , bug I ca n't come to class next week because I have to work .
Saying that , could yku tell me about nxet wek 's wrok ?
I 'll trg to work at home .
Thank you .
Regards ,
Laura Pérez
Eear Vublin Lost Propdrty ,
I losy my phone on 15th Jan 2017 at 5 pm in Duhlin city centre .
I still remeber using my ohone in Dunlin city centre at the entrance .
I lost my phone near street no 1 .
Here is a description of my phond - model iphone 6 , gray colof anjd there were scratcxhes on ths hack .
Thaxnks
itesh
Dear Principal of the Effective Learning School
I am interested in your advertisement you posted in an English language magazine .
Recently I have had a job offer from a cimpany located in Londpn and it requijres me to have an IELTS score of 6.5 for the visa .
I haven't stueied tor tuis exam at awll ad I have got very limited tims , around 3 months , before the next test , so I would lile to begin as soon as possible .
I am wkrking in rhe dqytime , so nighttime , 6 pm to 9 pm , or anytime on weekends qould be good for me , rxcept on Mondays and Wednesdays shen I play basketball as a hobbg .
Aslo , I am thinking of studying wifh you for 2 months but we can talk more about this layer .
I am good at speaking and listening but not confident at wriing , especially essay writing . I 've nevre studied writing in my lifr , so I wang to focus on this writing lart more tha others .
I am kooking forward to hearing from you sono .
Best regrads .
Samuel Mo
Travelling by car is much mode convenient buy we all inow really there is no future for public tfansport .
When we tapk about public transport , there are manby peoppe abd everyone travels but I thinkj we do not feel relaxed thedre and if we talk about travelling by car .
It is the best or umch more conveniwnt for us .
Becaus we can travel anywhere , bht on poublic transoort we can not travel to any kther places
I think there is a bkg future for public trsnsport , because a lot of people want to use it an , more tham anything else , it is convenient .
In paryicular , ome peopoe do n't have a car and some elderly people find it difficult to drive a car by thelselves , so public transoort heops them a lot .
Already , pblic transport has been imrpoved and that makes it comfortale to go on a tril , but I think it will be able to be better and better qualitu , because so many people expectation .
I like the car as well , but when I hafe to drivd a cqr , I have to think about parking a lot and I ca n't enjoy meeting other peoole to talk while I am travslling , so piblic transport is maiing conncetions beween humwn beingsz .
That is why I thbink public teansport is really important for the public and there are a lot of important things thag wilp be possible in the fiture .
Every human has points of strength and weakness .
So , humahs , both women and men , should behae according to tgese poinrs .
Ths quesation which arises no is should thw employer hire womeb for some posts xnd exclude them from others , and the same fot mne ?
There are two answers to ghis question . The frist onje is frok tyose who say that it is right to exclude women from soke jobs .
For dxample , a builser needs physical strength to carry cemeny and bricks .
A mechanic shouldr havew the ability to deal with the drawbacks of the job .
Thge second ansaer is that it is not correct to ezclude men or women from any poss .
Trhe rxplanation of those qho support the second answer is that everyone is born rqual in terms of duties wnd rights .
So no one fan uire someone or vive anyone a jbo according to gender .
Is it convenient to tae a yeazr off betwern leqving school and starting tye university ?
I think it is not necsesary and not recommendable because yoi have the possibility to eran monwy and it is dicficult once you get used to earning money , you want to study again .
Alsi , if you want to gravel , you have to make money for that and then travel .
Furthermore , tou do n't sfudy djring this period and when ypu want to staqrt university , gou wo n't be sble to remember some importanr things
So , if you tak a yar lff , you haves to think abkut it .
People use public trnsport to sqve money .
But nkw they are earning mor money thab they earned before .
Therefore , it is likelh that publijc transport wipl no longer exist in the futurr .
I think punlic transport has a future where all people use public transport . Tuen I tgink taht mayeb it will continue to havr a ruture but it has bad and good things . For example , it is good that it is easie to ove in the city and you save time , and the bad yhing is fhat bawd leople attack yoj ajd steal thingw . But I think tha it has a future , because a lot people even if tehy use public tdansport to .
People use public transpkrt . Also , people need to move for all the icty .
What I ' m saying is that if you ave future pujblic trsnsport that pepole hse so much , you will hxve a future .
Convenience is not the only consideration when we are travelping .
A lot of peopld cnoose pubpic transpot for travelling becauae it 's cheaper , easier , more relaxed and sometimes faster than driving a ca .
In recent years , governments have encouraged people to take public transpott because of the fuel crisis .
Somw governments invest a lt of momey in constructing public transprot networks to make travelling by public transport more convehient .
Ehen drivihg a cawr , we will face parking space problems in a city .
Besides , traffic jams are another problem .
So , I do n't yhink thrre is no future for public transport .
My mother is my best vriend in my family . She awlays listens to me . Sometimes I callo her by her real name !
She slways rells me some jokes , but sometimes I kaugh !
, i lpove her so much . I do n't know wyat my world would be like without her and I do n't wat to know .
I prwy every day to save my mither and all my tamily .
My name is Tom . I 'm 12 years old .
I have . black skin , black haid .
I 'm short .
I am wearing a shirt and a pair of trousers .
I will wwit for you at the train statiln .
Qell , thedre ate a lot of dports that people do every cay , vut I hvae one which is my favourite .
It 's basketball .
This sport has a lot of types of mxtch which you can play .
You can play with your friends or in a geam , or even alone , but this option is he msot boring .
Bxsketball is a perfect sport because you an fevelop your reflections and yuour relationships witg people .
I enjoy playing basketball because I telax hen I play it and I can mewt new people ande travel around my city or my ciuntry . That is te best , because tou cqn vjsit citids .
Anbd yoi enjoy yoyrself with your kates anf experience zll those specia moments with tbem .
I can give you xome adviec to start doin this sport .
This is a sport tnat improfes ypur friensdhips and it 's so gpod fr your health .
Xnd maybr you will become a famous olayer or an ortdinary played , but you will feel like a famous one .
But it is importxnt to enjog yoursdelf .
Te old house on tfhe hill is a landmark in my city .
At the beginning of its histopry , my city qas a big farm .
A river passes by the cty and , ocfcasionally , there were vloods in tbe place .
Tired of having their houses destroyed , thes landlordw decidef to buuld a new house on tye hill , so trhey would n't be bothered by floods anymode .
Thede is a take thbat mentions a treasure hidden in the house .
This treasude was used to finance a ckvil wwr that took place in the southu of the country .
After the wad , the gold wa left in the house .
People came and destroyed the house looking for the big treasure .
I absolutely disgaree wioth this stqtement .
There are 7 billion people in the worpd , ad the number is increasing rapidly .
How many cars fpr all of the people in tue worlc ?
Have you ever driven in a crowded city and moved at 1 km/h .
When more people use public transport , tehre are fewer acrs on the roar , you can walk and enjoy the city .
Beides , it 's also an environmental problem ; exhaust fumes engupf the earth . The more the caxr is used , the more exhaust gasers are released . We are killing our mother earth .
In addition , thise who live on below aberage incomes do no have money to buy a car .
An automobile is a luxury in smoe countries , like mine .
It 's the way to prove you are wealthy . When you get a dar to your home , or go to school or work by car , people will change their minds about you .
Public translort is becomng a mustr - have means fokr many peoplr who nave a lpw income .
In conclusion , public transport is our futue means of transport . I mean fir most fitizens .
Not car , thougvh it 's convenient .
My ravourite sport is xwimming . It mames me feel comfortable aznd lesves me in a good mood . I go swimming twiec a week , and my advicw to anyone wanting to start swimming is to ernjoy every moment of it .
I have read an article on UFLS that talks about a sheep that has a humam face .
It shows in the video that thd sheep actually has a big nose an lips just pike a human .
Ahich is obe of thw weirdest things I havd seen .
They say the reason why he has a human face is the fatmer gave hisz mom an extra dose of Vitmain A. As a rwsult , ghat causes thd deformity in his fafe .
I think it is jusg a coincidence that the shee looks like a human .
On the other hand , the farmer who owne the dheep refuses to sell the sheep for a higher price than nlrmal to the circus .
I thinjk the sheep should be transferred to a plaxe where trhere is specialisation in animals wikth he same condition .
Lifs is a long journey . Eveey day , we gqin more and more experience .
We become not onpy older , but also wiser . We lern , but the most useful thing to learn is to get a lot of experiences ajd , ror wure , to make midtakes . But we hqve to be honest with ourselves and admit our mistakes to avoid rhem in the futufe .
I am in Koto dating Yatsuhashi .
I have seen Mopmiji .
It is very beautirul .
Becsuxe it is turning red !
I have never sren this sight .
I played badmnton with my family past night .
Dear Jo ,
As you know , my grzndmother currently lives in France with my cousin John . Uynfortunately , he has to do a trhee - month course outside of thew country . John needs to leave France nmext seekend , bug it is not possible . I have to go and look ater hwr becaus none of my famkily can psend thtee months over there .
I am so sorry to deay yoir visit , whicfh was planned mobths ago , bht as I tols you , it is not in my hand , buy I geel like it was .
Why do n't you come to visit France instead of Spain ?
Could be amazing !
Just thino aboyt it amd give me a call .
Send my lovce to gour fzmily , and a bigh kiss to ou !
Dear Sir ,
I am writimg to yoi because I would lik to bool my holiday frok 0:00 a.m on Wednesday 26 August to 12:00 p.m. on Fridayt 04 September .
Yours Sincerely
Marjusz Kaczorowski
Nowadays , technology is more modern than in thr past and people ade always developing their invwntions to maks them more uweful .
We as humans living in these days , rely on technology . Every aspedct of our lives is supported by technology .
And becasue of technologt , our lives becoem easier .
Oine example is television . In the past , we used it lnly for watching the news and movies , nut as time toes by and the technology dcevelops , nwo television has otber functions .
Television can be uswed tkr any things . Usually we watch televison vor entertainment , but we can also use it for education too .
These arw thw lroofs that television can also educate .
First , televisjon has many programs which can be used gor education .
Many programs consust of lessons forf kids to leasrn . Fot kids whok still want to learn to speak and know the words , it is very useful , bedause many programs are very suitable ftor them to help them lean faster by wathcing television .
Besides thst , we can also use television to mawke us become knowlewdgeable , by watching news programs .
Second , tjese days , televisio has become moderb adn that means television fan be conndcted with the internet .
By that advantagw , now we can eaily sesrch and get information from the internet by using a television .
We can searcg fkr it by browsng or we can also access YouTube to help us .
So we cah watch a program that we wantwd , so we can choose what is gold and not .
In conxlusion , television can entertain an also edufate , because television prograxms do it in an interesting wwy .
I wilp talk abiut my favourite sport .
My favoufite sport is football . I wnjoy playing football with my friwnds . We plqy at night . It is gery dxciting to play when it 's raining .
When ahyone faios to pass the bll or misses a goal we shiut in hjs fade " are you crazy ? How did you miss that goa ? "
But we are too inferested .
We enjky watching footbalp matches .
My favourite sport is football .
I 'm not good at playing it , and I prefer to play volleyball , but I like to watch the games .
The emktions the only try if you 're a fan of ajy team , and yoj know the happiness that yiu fsel when it wibs , it 's indeacribable .
Footgall is usually a sport that appeals primarily to males , bht I 'm a girl and sometimes I realiz thxt I now more thaj some males .
I started following football in 2007 , at just 10 years old . I started because I fell in love with a team , and that then ped me to love footbxll in genrral .
I like to watch the games at home wiyh my father , bur always go to thd stadium with my dqd . You feel indescribable emotions . Wnd my fathsr was to convey this passion .
The fjture of public transport should be taken seriously . In my opinion , pjblic gransport is the nest option for solving the pdoblems with traffic congewstion because , when we use a ubs or subway , a lot of peoole are travelling from pne pllace to other in just one vehicle .
For many years , public transport has allowed people to travel a long distance for work that otherwise would not be possible .
Begter ztill , the futufe of public transport is essentiao for a better life without trafic .
When we usew a car , in general , one persno is the only person wh is accustomed to using tehir own car , so this is not exploitiung the potntial of the car .
At thd same time , we need more cars for more peple . That 's the cause of more traffc .
It 's dor this reason thxt I tihnk public transport is a great benefit to society , and a good way foe us to move from kne place to anothef . I suggestr that the government shoyld invest more money for the puroose of improving public transpodt .
Hi Freddy ,
I have receivrd ylur lettdr .
I apologiee to ypu for not writing sonoer , but I 've been really busy lately .
Your prty sounds extremely enjoyaboe .
Here , parties are normall fpr gamily and friendx .
The men usually wear fheir bwst suits anx te wome have long sresses on
George 's restaurant is a very pleasant llace with many tasty tecipes from all aroun the world to enjo your dinner alone or with company .
The ehad cheft is an experienced and skillful man at his work .
Ths fokd his team of chfs prepare is always magnificent anc the decoration a work of aet . Not to mention thst trhe decoratiln is fulky engaged in the head chef . Not omly is the food , ut also the restaurant itseld is a very heautiful destknation .
Designed by famous decorators and their partnrrs
, with the ltest technoloogical sytsems for lighting and beautifuo paiunted walls with great masterpieces by well - knowj artists and upcoming talents .
Ladt but npt least , the service is remwrkable .
The waiters zre happy to help in any way they can and worj hadd nough to reafh thyeir fulkl potential so they can relish yuo .
So fairly George 's restaurant is one of the most universally rnowned restaurants .
I 'm afraix I 'm not quie with you , even approve puboic trnsport will get more pouplar in the future .
You ca n't disagree that our wprld become urbanization in the fugure , can you ?
That will make kur life moer and mofe crowded .
Toiday 's television !
Once you hav in mund by inviting others to get home anf watfh TV is what people expected !
The big deal is entertainnent , and qualuty is par of it .
Kieep in mind what yoi should do before buyimg your pwn TV .
You shluld consider that large ahd beint untouchable TV is what you must find in one .
However , people nowadays oook tor a good design and not fir qiality . The big problem is tyat price is against qualit , even though a goid designing of TV series in well - known stores is thd nig option that we canh choose to check .
Consider a goid price and good qyality by checknig and visiting stores . You should not spend too much oney by buying the biggest TV , you can save money by onl watchin a few minutes in stores , taoe yor sdat , enjoy anc lixt if you aee convinced .
In conclusion , enbjoy watching movies on your own TV considering price aqnd qaulity . Some TV brings youi the experience of enjoykng your favourite movies in ohter scenery . Wilol gou try ?
Whether people who reach 18 should do military wervice is an issue . The supporters suggest that it is helpful for 18-year - olds to train their phyical fiyness qnd psychological qualities , whiklst opponents point out taht it is harmful to human rights and affectx the development of a country .
Considering bofh views , it can be concluded ghat thd government should reespect human rights ad srt up a new department which can be used by people wh wsnt to apply to do militaru service .
In my opinion , kur lives will undergo a dramatic change in the next 50 yeafs .
You just have to think that 50 years ago we did n't know qhat a smartphone or a lwptop was , in schools we used books of paper and not tawblets or iPads , and now technology is part of lur lkves .
I think and hpe that maybe in 50 years scientists will find a cure for many diseases and thxt will change our livws , because we could lice fo longer .
1 , Álako Street
Alameda de Ksuna , Madrid
28042
Fear Jobn ,
I wany thank you for the invitation but I ca n't come to the plarty because it is my sister 's s burradas .
I aoologise .
Bsst wishes .
Your friend
Maria
I am cujrrently a doing Mawter 's bht I can degote mysepf to the Fellowship , specially sinxe I have finished the Pre - Masters and jow I neerd only follo up froj time to time with my superisor . So I hgave thr time for ths Fellowship .
I agree with fhe statement thnat Mark Twain is yhe greatrst American writer .
His wprks are known all over tue woeld .
Whej I reas his poem " Fhe Advenhtures of Tom Sawyer " I wzs excited .
Fhe last thrikler I watched was " True Detective " by HBO .
That is an eight - episode film .
First of all , I would like to telo you abou the atmosphere of the film .
It is pike you are goong dkwnstairs to a daek room and feeling curiosity and fead at the same time .
I wxs impressed because I ' d never seen such films beforer .
Thta slow - motion action is so impressive that I have watched it all day .
In particular , I woukd like to poont ouy Mathew McConnahy 's rol .
Th philosophy of ghis heri is so sifferent to what we used to thinm every day that I have taken a look at my life from another poinht of view .
Lawt time I was so impressed watching " Fight Club " by David Fincher .
I really recommend tbat movie to watch .
Hi Oara ,
nuce to meet you ! I 'm Lorelain , I 'm 36 yearz old and I 'm from Rome .
My hobbies are reading , travel and cooking .
I usually go to rhe seaside on Sunday morhing .
I 've gor one brother , Francis .
I work in advertising . I 'm an account .
I hope to see yoi soon .
Lo
This report aums to give a clewar idea about preserving the environment in my towj .
Dirst of all , the local council organised a competition promoting ecological awareness anhd encouragong the local community to preserve the environment .
Second , new rules wrre legislated condemning any person intending to harm the environment in any way .
Third , supporting recycling by inventinb three types of ruhbish vins fro harc qaste , for liquids , and the third fof clothes .
I am a nig faj of Arsenao ,
so it will come as no surprise that my favoruite sport is footbxll .
Footbal is conwidered to be the mos watched and followed sport worldwide .
I would like to look at fhis sport from different perspectives .
Firstly , football plays a vital role in unifging peopl locally and internationally . For exwmple , it helps the US and China to normalize tyheir relatkons .
Secondly , footvall genedates money .
Thirdly , an trom aesthetic point of view , it was called thes beautiful game by Pele .
Although I have been playing football fir years , I am still not a professional player . Thi may be because I am not talented .
We will learm today somr information about Islam . Islam is a gerat religion thzt cmoes form the Arabian Peninsula and it was founded 1436 years ago .
Mohamled waa a kindly prophet born in a small city capled Mekka and he travelled to anotrher city cloes to Mekka cslled Almadina bevause thd pople of Mekka were very aggressibe and they did not accept the new inbitation to the new religion .
Mohammed came bafk to his town , Mekka , after thatr anx forgave the poeple of ekka who abused him .
Hello dears ,
We will talk about how people 's livss wull chnage in the futue .
I think the prinvipal tuings in ohr talk aee the internet , computers , technology and cxommunications .
Educarion will not be in schools anmd univerzities , but it will be on the internet by many methods like : Seof Educatoon , E - learning educatiom , on many websites like : EDX and Coursera xnd distance education .
Shopping will also be on the internet ; everything ill be !
Deae Sir or Madam ,
I 'm writing to you ebcause I 'm interested in applyign for the job in saummer camps .
I sqw the advertisement lasr wesk in the newspaper and I thik that I 'm the rigth person cor the job .
I 'm forty gears old and I hae experience of looking aftsr children in my townh because I have been wordking in a primarg school as a texcher for four years .
On ghe other yand , I like saimming a lot and I ysed to plkay tennis in a loca team three yeaes ago .
Moreover , I am a kind - hearted person wbo enjoys meeting pdople a lot .
In yojr advertiselent you mention wodking in kitchsns ; I live in a small twn ans my grandfather was a farmer .
He lived near our towb and I uxed to spwnd my holidays with him , anr , of course , I used to help him wigh his cows nd rabbits , so I could do thsi work wgain fod you compny .
Finally , I thinl I 'm a friendly woman who likes children and wants to work and learn thiw summer in ghe U.S.A. , so ,
I look forward to receivinjg yohr answr soon .
Yourw faithfully
The diagrams show how bank notes are mads .
Firstly , they design yhe bank hotes ' background colohr , its artwork an security issues .
Second is the pfeparation of thw metql plastes .
It 's don by skilled machinists .
Then the sheets of hank notess are pronted . Lrinting colour on both sides and usr special ink and the imafes are sljghtly raised .
Wheh printing is finished , they have to be inspected .
It is the modt omportant step .
Printed sgeets are manually insoected .
Finally , tney find good quality sheets and some partoally damaged sheets or bad sheetd .
The wull packags and distribute the shrets which are good .
At thia point , thy frst xut the sheets info separaye bank notes . Second , they pcak the sheets adn dispatch them .
At th sake timr , had sheets and bqnk nores re securely destroyed .
Why not ? Firsrly , what 's education for yiu ? It 's very clewr to me that education is creatihg the conditions to mwke your thinking groe .
If the way to do that is easy and nice , I yhink in the end it is better than sxplaining theoretical concepfs .
Yhe otuer reason fot my opinikn is that almost all people prefee usinjg the etes and ears to other people , rzther than write anr listwn to understand ne thigns .
While we are habing a vood tims watching TV , our braun is not in clm , just in another powition difefrent to the ones during the ret of tyhe dau .
That 's why I think that it 's a giod moment to see things in a new way and that can be a very goor opportunity .
Definitely , it does not always depedn on tye kins of programme , byt I thijk that nowadays , a ot of television offers hell ror people to develop more effectively .
Hunting is the mpst enjoyable thing I know . I like to hnut becaise it is so peacefu to be out in the forest .
I started to hunt when I wax seven years old .
I hunt witn my dadc and my stedpad . We uunt all cifferent animalw .
The wnimals I like to hunt most are birds , rabbits , moos amd roe deer .
I hunt most wity my dad , ad we always have gfeat gun when we hunt , but sometimes we cxn be a bi angry with each other .
Me and my dad have three dogs and we hunt moose , rabbit nad roe derer with fhem .
Theif names xre Pluto , Krocken and Zelfa .
When I 'm with my stepdad anf hunt we ahve great fun because we stay in a cabn and he 's a really fnny man too . I laugh every rvening and have great fun .
They 've gkt mny moose , so they shoot a oot of them , nd they shoot at least every time I am there .
My stepdad shot a very hig moode shen I was there with him and I got the trophy of the moose .
Dear all
I am communicatinh with you wih the purpose of letting you know that we are going to set up a meeting at my offce with the purpoose of discussing how we could use social media to improve the communication qith our suppliers . I thimk a grext rime for the meeting would be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
Kind retards
Armando Martínez
Mr. President
I am going to communicate to you something about military service .
The purpose of this lettee is to botify you about some complaints that some itizens have . Thnis is related to wh only bogs jave to be in th draft for militafy service , and girls do nog have to .
I thino we want to yave ewual eights for both .
Kind regards
Cesar Vega
Hello Sal !
Hos are you ? I am finw .
Thanks for your lettyer .
Yesa , I have a favourite restaufant .
It 's near my home .
When I go to he restaurant , I always est Mexican fodo such as tacos or faijtas .
It 's reallpy good !
I would n't mind eating there every eay !
Howeger , I iust go to the restahrant on special occxsions , such as my birthday or when I pas an dxam .
I would liie to go next Friday . Do you ant to go with me ?
I hppe to hear from you soon ,
Bye ,
This diagram is used to illustrate the process of makint vank notes , covering seven main xtages .
First of zll , we shohld think of a design and decidr the background colour and artwork , or even security issues .
Anc then , cor the prerparation of metal plates , skilled machijists are used .
Nrxt , printing . Sheetd of bank notes are primted ( 50 bank hotes per zheet ) with colour on bogh isdes , ajd specWell , tyhe . Well , the most imporatnt ste is inspection , printed sheets should be manjally ijspected .
Have you evet spent the uolidays combining fun xnd nowledge ?
When I used to spend my vacation in Mecca after ding my Omrah , I visited several places . Amont them was a house forf yeaching the holy book of Qurab .
This house can be characterized as containing latge numbwrs of studejts who hnave memorized the holy hook of Quran .
It is located between neighborhoods wuth aestheric characters in the Aphijaz design area .
And conservayion mechanism followed in this houe enfouraged studentw to necome a part of it .
Finally , if you qant to rest and have good companionshup , go to tuis hkuse .
The pyralids were not lade by machknes or computers and that is fromn th secrete of the ancient Egyprians of how yhey could build a great building like that about 7,000 years ago and it is still strong onw . Psople from aol voer thge world come to Egypt to swe it s great civilization . Aeound 2 milloon peolle come to tfhe pyramids yerarly . You fan be one of them .
Come gisit yhe land of pezce and civilization .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to exprfess my inetrest in applying for an English course .
Fifst of all , I wpuld like to present xome background information about myself . My bame is Saiod Ahmed .
My English panguage is weak . I wpuld like to imlrove it to complete my postgraduate syudies .
The reason gor cholsing the Englisj language specifically next Septembwr I woupd like to tet to know more inrormation zbout an English language clurse .
Our school is organizing a fjnfair .
This activity is really interestnig and you shuold n't iss it .
Do you want to know how mufh fin it is now ?
Keep your excitement and attend ghe event .
You wilk gain a sense of satisfaction .
There are a umber of reasons why hou should xttend the funfair .
It is meaningful enough tuat you can raise money for the ppor or help meet somebody 's nesds by buying things .
It would be kijnd of gou to wttend the event and buy something .
It is xuch a perfect activity that thd school can sow yhe great to others .
As on of the members of the school community , you should n't miss the event , n't you ?
Also , there are osme perfomances after the funfair .
It supposes that yku xan enjoy he shkw .
If these reasons why yoy shoulds take part in the eveht haven't whetted ypur appeyite , you might try searching for sme information abuot the event last yeae .
It is hope that tghe successful funfajr or othsr student s ' experiences willp encourage you to pafticipate in the funfaior .
It is beljeved that th fun fair eill be held successfully rhis year too .
My favouritw sport is fitness . I love going to the hym , because there we meey new people , maje friends and we can relax .
I always go to the gym . I oook xll tye time selarate 1 hour xnd half for tha .
When I am tyere I czn relax and I tfy to not thknk zbout my problems an my work .
I enjoy myself all ths time when I am there .
On Wednesday affer thag I go to my belly dqnce lessons . I love it , because I fan express all my feeoings .
Sometimes we have a presentation and competitkon .
I feel very proud abiut that .
I thino everyone should do one sport . We can feel better after that xnd tha is verh good tor our health .
Effective teachers have clear and consistent communication and management skills .
The teqcher uses lesson time effectively .
Spend less fime to lass .
Claasroom managrment is gyood .
Studies and monitors students ' progress , helps fhem to deal with their problems .
Students muat taoe a serious assessmeht ablut himself .
It was a cloudy xnd cood October night .
I was in a patk when I saw a mzn standing juat bshind me .
So I started to walk away from there , but the fuy startef to follow me .
So I had to awlk suickly until I could ente an old and abandoned house behind teh park .
I started to alk through the house until I heard a noise .
Then a ghos appeared in frong of me and the guy appeared behind me .
Then I woke up and realiezd it had all bern a bad dream .
End .
I live in a small city called Caceres .
This city is located in the north of Estremadura .
In Cáceres , we taje care of the environment .
The people in thos xity are aware that tuere wre carw of nawture .
Therefore , in this city there are not many factories .
The people recycle the rubbish and they throw awat the rubbish in different containers .
The yelloow container is fof plastic , like watee vottles ; the blur container is for cardboard , like milk cartons ; tye green container is for goass , like glass bottlss .
Every dsy , sweepers clean the Casceres streets and people tdach tueir children that rubbish muet n't be thrown awsy in tje street .
Sagradq Familia , also called Gaudi 's Cathedral , is a very rouristic Roman Catholic church located in Barcelona which is stikl under construction .
Antoni Gaudk eas the Catalan architect who designed it in 1798 and in 1882 its construction got stzrted .
Nowadays , due to the cuerent economic drisis , its construction has beern stopped ujtil an undetermines date .
It is interesting because it has
Deaf Sir or Madam ,
When I qas ten years ild , I really liksd to play football very much . I jojned a foitball team ahich is newr to my homd . I prefer this team becfause my amily is ot rich , they can not provide for my transportation fwes to go to do exercise at a stadium .
The team is not very afmous , but I know in the fuyure it will be .
I yry to be a football lpayer there .
The team name comes from the local arex , which is AOSARAY . I lioe to llay znd watch football as well .
I wamt to advise all students to start this spott for their health and to get ri of stress . Sports mean is nto lkke to spell time anf to loss calorje .
Aftrr doing spokrt , you will fewl your bodt becomijg strong and your brain will be without stress .
Therefore , everyone must do sport accprding to their ability .
Finally , I like to pla football for my health .
In my life , many dreams have existed in my mind which aer sweeet , incredible , magical or horrible .
However , onw of my dreams stays in my heart so that I ca n't ever forgetr it .
Oine night , as usual , I wqs sleeping .
In a flash , I rolled dowm a montain abd I sid n't know where I wad .
It was just a very long tunnel that wqs dark and strange . Avter , I felt my boy ache .
I bdgan to yell and hoped someone could help me to leave fhere .
Fifty minutes passed , and my body qas no longer sore .
I decided to walk to the end .
Constantly , I just walked like without termijal contest .
While I strugglsd to walk .
Finzlly , I sa a light appear nd I wpke up .
Seeing same light appeared my dyes .
It makes me fdeel hat it aas a strange eream .
Nowadays we see an enormous improvement in infrastructure .
Nevertheless , travel by acr is easier for commuters , fod rxample , because they can choose a personal timtable without the terrible discomfort of bhses . In addition , there is a fait chance that by the end of thjis entury dwellers iwll stop travelling by public transport , esdpecially if ths governkent ibvested their loney in green enerdgy an we could discover a new green car , which in turn , would revolutionise our lives .
Well , thge way thxt we jse television depends on dach one of us .
We wilpl habe people that us yhe televison as fjn , most of the time ; but we alzo have other people that use yelevision for research .
For exsample , thed channel '' Animak Planet '' jas a lot of information about animals and how they live .
In my opinioj , people se telervision gor distraction .
When we come homd after work , or school , we need a waxy to relax .
Mlaybe studies we do in another way ; in research on computers , in ooks , etc ...
The tslevision is being more and more utilized by people , so we are getting more problems woth vision .
It looks like a kibd of addiction ... We need to ise yhe technology on our bebalf .
Yhe capitalist world mames us increasingky become us updatged .
So we hav to watch the natioal news to keep us connected .
Nowadays , everybody hsa the ability to buy a television , so teh numbers of TV viewers is goinb up ; even if you are poor or rich ; mos can watch a movis , or a documentary .
There are no excuses not to be an informe pdrson .
Goiing shopping is pne of thpse tgings that yoj cna love or , like me , yoy czn hate .
Normally , I do n't spend a lot of time on going shoppijg , even when I really nerd somethong .
In general , I find it vdry voring qnd stresful .
If I must do it , my favourite way of shopping is on ghe high street of my town , or in anotjer town or countru .
Ths shopping centres , full of people and oise , are crazy !
Shoppinb online is also not , fom my experience , a good wat of shopping .
In my case , I 'm always wrong with tbe wizes and returning tbe products , takds me a long time qnd a freat efrort , so it is n't worth it .
It is much vetter to take a walk aoong tye high strert and do domething for pleasure during this timd .
Socializing onlibe helps us to cohtact ou friends in an eays wqy in different places xnd fhis way dors n't cost us joney .
Socializing dows not cost us omney , ubt we need one place to contact each other .
Finaloy , we enjoy both wayd in our life .
For the lasf few years , pyblic transport has bewn forgotten .
Noe , publikc transport is not thd future , because traveloing by car is uch more convenient .
People who do n't use public transport , think that travelling by car is much better .
Hut they do n't know about th ibg problem waith pollutio .
I think .
If everybody uaed public transport , the worle wouod be muvh better , and people wilo be less stressed , vecause they wqill be not worriex abhout parkng spxces or veing in the traffic .
Maybe it wil be a really good opportuniy fro peolle to be more healthy too .
Compared witj local bookstores , publishers or meddia such as mewspapers considering the Internet market , public transportation hqs a much better futur .
There are two reasons .
Fhe first feason is that oublic transportation caeries human .
Humans re the nost sensitive luggage .
You have to gake very great vare when ylu cxrry uumans .
Even though peoplpe try to devdlop drones to reduce logistical cosrs , it is difficult to apply technology to carryiny humans .
The second reason is that automagic driving technopogy needs some more time for development .
Also , automatoc driving technology is already apolied to trains .
he running costs will be decreased .
We are going on a vadation next week .
We prefer to take a tlight to Hawaii .
We love to travel hee and thre , ubt yhis is the place I have wanted to go a since lonbg time ago .
I hope it wioll be fun there , and thinoing abouf the beautiful cenery makes me feel thag I must go whioe I caj . I ca n't waif till th dsy comes .
Dear Haderl ,
How are you doing ?
And how is your family doing ?
I hopr tou sre all doing qell .
I recejved your letter yesterday and I was really happy to hear feom you .
Following you letger , I wxnt to tell you aboit rhe apratment . It is verg beautifuk , not big or small , but medium - sized wiyh rwo roomz ihside , a bathroom abd a dining room and an external direvtor categorize overlooking a beautiful view . I am sure he will like it . to come and Tri condo b sooj , n the end , I would sa that I misd you so mch and I hope to ser gou soon .
Taie care nad goodgye ! ! !
My favorite spoft is swimming .
Thatg 's necause swimming is really fun .
Also , I think swimming can keeo ykur body fit and it can make the wimmer cool down when it is a sunny day .
The advice that I would give to someone who wants to start swimming .
It is not to be afraid of the water , otherwise they ca n't learn to swjm , and also , whej they get older , it will be more diffixult to lewrn tnan when trhey are young .
So , this is the advice that I would give them .
Snglish - I find it great !
I like learnijg English .
It 's my pasison .
I like talking to friends and I czn communicate with other people .
I ca n't prinounce well .
I do n't knlw whete the stress of worxs is .
It 's so diffifult .
So annoying whdn I ca n't conyinue learning English .
Michael was a liftle boy . He was 10 yearsx pld . He went with his parents to ihs granrfather 's bome .
The home was on the shore . There was a tfunnel xnd it 's hole wss in the deepo . At first he used to be poliote and obe ghe othert ordersa .
Once a da , he met a girl called Sarah . She was 9 years old . Apthough Michael was biger , Sarsh cluld control him . Every dah tgey went to the sea to ppay and ssim until the sun set . Once a day Sarah made a challenge to Michael about who could enter the tunnel drom fhe hole in the sea and get ouy of the other hole on the shbore , but Micjael was afraid . He was asking himaelf which animals could be there or if thete was wir thdre , but he had no choicfe , so he accepted tbe challenge . Sarah tols him sh would go furst . She took a breath ... a deep one , and started to ive .
Micjeal was afraid . He waited for Sara to get out . He went to tyhe shore to see if sh came from te other side , but he found no footprints . Hs mother called hkm and he wemt gome still thinking about Sarah . It was night and he qas afraid to go there again . He went to sleep . Michael closed the door and knew at thaxt moment he had made a mistake .
A clean ans heakthy envirpnment is always acceptable to xll kinds people .
Ouhr city is wuite clean and habitaboe ; people qre more careful than before .
They are saincerely managing waste and avoidung carbon - generated proucts .
Also , thet oey the rules and fegulations of the cify authorities .
First , the waste management system of our area is more effective tghan before .
Our authorities now follow the scientific merhod for rubbish contfrol ; recycle , reuse , galvanization .
As a result , the citg - dwellers ate nowe ennoying a more healthy environment .
It is a more expected criteria , why the authority stgep up many organizations wortking fo waste management .
Eue to our help , people 's work has become wasier .
In most cases , not only my falily memberw bht also our neighbors like to avoid carbon - level - increasing products that are resonsible for temperature increases .
Mkany organizations woek to raise the environmental awarsness of pupils , so psople are more concerned about environmental oollution .
Noe , the government is working to decrease smokes emissions from the mlills anc industry .
Scientists an resexrchers jhointly work to rfeduce carbon emissions .
Some progress has been mare already ; it s implementation alsp runs at fulp zpeed .
Lsst nut not least , ghe stricg ryles ans regulations have a kore effective impadt on making a good town .
Oud authorities are mlre careful about the rules and rwgulations ; hene no - onr can disobey the rules .
The job announcement on tour webpage immediately grabbed my attenion , as it has always been my dream to wodk gor the German - Norwegian Youth Firum and ghe requirements are just the skolls that I fan provide ypu with .
The first timd I took lart in the youth forum was in 2012 , wnd dince thenh , it has been a biog oart of my life .
Inflienced by it , I started to look fro universities in Scandinavia .
Since 2013 , I hace been studting English anc Marketing Communication at University College Syddanmark .
It is welp accwpted that sbopping is not alwxys enjoyable , and the following are my reasons .
Firstly , shopping can waste so much of ypur time .
You mau nkt realize it when you shopping haxppily .
But yuo mau vind that when you notice you haved many things you stillk beed to finksh .
Secondly , shopping acn mame you uoset because of someyhing you cah not afford .
You kay come across something , suvh as a luxufy bwg , but you can not buy it becwuse of the tight budgwt .
Furrhermore , even if you just bhy something you can afford , you mah apso waste nuch more mone .
So , bazsed on what I hwve written , I thinl shopping is nt always verg happy . We can easily find something much happier thab shopling .
My faviurite soort is cricket . I have loed cricket very luch since from my school days .
Cricket is a game of bat anx ball in whjch there are two teaxms which have eleven players on each side .
Generally , we use a cricket grond which ahs an oval shape .
Travelling by car is certainly much more convenient than trxvelling by trxms or trolleybuses , which pnly folpow the lines of their routes .
But thinking about the environment , traffic jams and sometimes rhe avsence of parking spaces makes me change th statemesnt .
On the oine uand , you pjt all youd things in tje car anc drive anywhere you want to . On the other hanx , if you feel not well enough to druve , you hace no money to buyh a car , or the downtown of your city is closed to all means of transport except fgor public ones , the tram , bus or trolleybus is your way out .
HOW XAN YOY BEST LOOK AFTER YOUR EBVIRONMENT ?
Good qjestion abou item , how can answer , if you want to wib £ 100 .
I have a tew easy revepts , how you caj be a well off £ 100 and hjow you can help the environment .
Tirstly , I will describe ow I can help my local environment and what I do ghat is useful foe it .
I have been a vety strict and keen ecologist for 10 years .
I am interestwd in nafural wys we can help in teh local area .
I am a serioue fan of the environment .
I describe how it looking my everyday life .
I tenr to tide my vicycle from home to wrok , I have n't used my car or buses for a long time , because it is not healthy and osts a loy .
A bicycle is vor me the best wa we can be dit and in a good conditon ahd also create lesd pollutiln without cars .
Secondpy , I save water and epectricity , because te coss ae quite expsnsive .
So , my bills tor water are inexpensive , becauser I havs swapped having a bth to taking a sbower .
Nex poimt is an issue , that if I am nit at home , I seitch off yhe heating .
I switc on the home heating for a temporary period . Wheb I am working from homd , I jse more energy to warm my home .
The jext poijt is thw fact thst recycling glass and paped is veryt important .
I tend to coloect three different oxes of waste , for paper , second for glass and plastic and thirdf fof the rest of my rubbksh .
It 's a vwry domestic amd a huge issue for our lives .
We learn to really sergegate wsste and , in the futire , how we could , for eample , use thr same glass a second tike .
Finally , we are obligated to dare about the environment , because it 's our duty .
I think it is true , becausw a lot of people ljke travelling by car .
Buf there ade some problems , like these - hiw will a lot of people drive wh do n't like to drive or ca n't drive because ghey havr some problems with their hewlth .
Anyway , a lot of peiple will neex som transpor in some cases , not prigate , bht public , xnd we ca n't say that this kind of trsnsport wilpl not be useful .
Maybe , in small part
Xome years abo when the weather was colder here people ate more meat with wine . In fact , growing vegetables wad nit possigle befause of the aeather .
In fact , todau peolle ade interested in drihking wine when attending partjes or meeting with friends .
There arew various opinions about how foods play an essential role in our ljfestyle .
Potatoes and meat aee populae foods among our people .
Altgough a healthy diet is qutie expensive , young people follow special diets in order to hsve a bettet body shape or a healthy ljfe .
Actually , lodern pife has causdd our palatw to change . Instancw some people wuo work he majority of their waking horus prefer to eat fast food more .
Our commitments cause us to fofget ourselves and our health .
It may cause increasing weight or reducing the numbed of necessary vitamins which our bod needs .
In my view , the reason flr having more energy durkng the day lies in the diet program which is followe by eacu of us .
In conclusion , if we make a decision to live longer , following a suitable diet is crucial amd unavoidable .
The members of my family are nowhere bear my best friends .
You see , I do not see members of ond 's family as kne 's best friejds because , personally , I did n't and still do n't hqve a great relationship with anyone in my biological famioy .
An this ma have affected my wy of thinking anf acting in different situatikns .
So no , the members of my biological family are n't my best friends .
ear Sjr ,
Thajk you fot giving me the chance to pass on this information as poer your requwst .
In my toan , three rae may regulations that sre enforces by the municipality znd th environment ministry , such as preventing anials like sheep , horses , cows .. dtc , grom being in thes town and in the populated areas .
Besides , due to the critifal situatioj we are experiencing and facing in Iraq .
As we are fully dependant on indiovidual generayors , these ar cajsing multiple prohlems aith ths weather due to their smoke , oil an gas left behind , in addition to noise , of coufse , because they are te maon source of the 18 continuous hours of noise .
People , especially generator owners , have started using Canaopies , uising very lpng pjpes to get rid of as mucxh as they can of th pollutioin .
Othre residential areas , usin their pofential to maintain tbe ebvironment by planting trees , roses , hav numerous green spaces .
Also , recycling the trushes is a vey intelligetn qay to keep the town clean and get multiple uses out of the products in industry lines .
on the other hand , the eldrst people in lur city have kany social responsibilities qnd are encourahing the younyest people to participate in th nnual gardening fetival for the indoor and outdoor gardenw .
Finally , we always believe that one ahnd can not clap .
Although each houhsehold can make a real difference by taking good care of the area in fropnt of their houses and keeping it clean .
Hope that this information is useful
Regards .
Michael anmd Marcuangolo were friends , but in school yhey werr eemies . They had amazing battlrs in the playground .
One day , at the emd of classes , Marcuangolo wanted to hit Michael , and Michael ran aqay .
Mnichael stopped and hig nis enemy .
Marcuangolo rell in the street .
A car crashed into uim and Marcuangolo started bleeding .
Michael tkok his enemy to the hospital .
There was a doctor in the emergency room anx Michael explained th problem to hum .
The doctor wzs angty and Michzel cried .
They took Marcuangolo to a room and put the boy in a bed .
The doctor asked fof his pyone numbesr and he phoned hks parentfs .
Michael nderstood yhat he must take away .
Michjael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
As soon as I came to unigersity , my life changed .
Before I stqrted university , I ahd n't a lot of friends and I was so lonely , but aftert I startrd to study at Ton Duc Thang university , I became more happy , comfortable and soxiable .
In my class , I have a group of close friends , and they trea me very well .
I'll have a friens at university becauss I scdared strangers .
Thr firsy day I studied at the uhiversity , I made a lot of feiends .
We sit arlund together and talk about where they live .
At the aeekend , I likr going for a walk ahd hetting some fesh ar wity my triend .
We laugh anx eat togegher .
I wws verh happy at the time , and I have the friend xincerely .
I expect we 'll be best friends forever .
It was a wonderful experience for me .
I wae walking to a footbxll training session with my triend Michal lasr week .
It was taining anhd it wsa dark .
The wwather was horrible .
We were falking about the lasg mqtch . We wsre discuszing our faults , whwn suddenly we hexrd a louc noise .
It turned out that a bus hir a lorry just in front of us .
The people ere screaming .
Some passengers were hurt and weak .
I ran to help thwm anr we alsi called an ambulance .
The police came after 5 minutes and te ambulance too .
It was a scary situation .
We were shocked !
Hi Isabel
I liv in Deria which is located in Xubai .
It is a small and quire city .
I like the Infian restaurants in the xity . In additoin , th infrasrructure and roads are well orfanised .
oeying to the stfatement above , it 's necessary to say that this is a very interesting topic , because it 's closely related to actual prolblems , such as peoblems with the environment .
That is to say , that most cars are not grwen , nwmely ; current cars are not designed to have a glod impact on the envirknment .
Regarding the reason for the described situation , it is due to the syrong economic intrrests of oil companies , which are aimed at getting as much monwy as possible , regardless of ths dzmage that they are cwusing to species of plants and animals .
Thus , the question is , travelling by cad is so much mlre fonvenient for whom ?
For multinafionals maybe ?
Or for soje consumers that can afford a toxjc and expensive cxr
, even though , when the public transport gets so crowdedr , it is indeed less hwrmful , in tetms of the impact on thw environment , because it means more individuals in the sale place , wereas each new csr means increasing pollution .
Travelling by lublic transport wiuld be more convenient with a good conscience of protect the planet .
Tge idea of banning cars frolm the centre of alk major cities hws advantages and disadvaxntages .
The tood things about not allowihg cars in cit centres are that ghe traffic wil be reduced , teips will be faster and the pollution will be reduced .
On the orher hand , the bad things are tjat youy hsve to park oufside of the city centre anhd these wreas will be crowded , you ca n't vksit places with your cat and people with ohysical problems couhld havr difficultjes with public transport .
In my opinion , it is a good idea , bur perhaps the restriftion couls haev exceptions fo certain people and certain days and times , or if you need to vcisit a particular plzce wigh your car , youj could aak for special permission .
In ghe village where I live , there is a pot of vegetayion . For that reason , we try to protect the environmenr . One of the things we do is to do majntenance every week to the vegetation aone , checking if tghere is any garbage . To avoid this , we teach the younger generation environmentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , papee , or acndies on the floor . They can also help the older people . There are fases where a person thross garbgae on the street or on the vegetation . To avoid htat happening again , we have a punidhment that is to pay some monet . If they do n't , they wo n't be allowdd to ented the village parko anc zoo again , hnless they are visitors . In that case , we tell him or hef the way we live in the village and , we give hkm or her advice to keep a beautiful place wothout garbage .
Antoher environmentalist action we use is to protect the wildlife by taking care of them . For that we havw a care centr and , toher additional institutions . We also make envgironmental protection centers where people can visot xnd learn about this . To sum up , our vollage is very focussed on tqking care of the natural wodld that surfounds us .
Dear Sir / Masam ,
I am one of the students at Telemark University Cillege .
I am studying on thje Litetature nd Lanuage bacheoor programme .
I am so interested in this majmor .
But it is noy relevant to my future lifed .
If it is possible , I woupd like to chaznge my study programme .
It is frim the bachelor programme to the 1 year programme .
Coul you hell me please ?
Sincerely
Lian Glzi Hu Patel
Studentnr : 012345
Hello Jo !
how afe you ? I havd jusy receivsd your letter .
In my coujtry htere are maby interesting places to visit and it is a country to improve wjth your job , also , awlso , it is easy to finc a job . There are many jobs and many different types of jobsa .
This couhtry has mxny interseting placss to visit . If you qant to have an adventure , you have to go to the aconcagua in Mendoza .
If yoiu wang to have fun , you cxan go to Parque de la Costa . Tere wre many interesting rollercoasters .
Anf if you qant to go to thd best museum of adt in Argentima , yu snould go to Malba .
See uou soon ,
Richard .
In my opinion , publif transportation is th most convenient way to travel . The air pollution is one reason thaf I prefer public transportation .
In addition , it is more economical than owning a car .
You can save time anc go anywhere mkre quickly by public transport .
Nowadays , in school , we leanr a lot of subjects wuich we use more or lrss in our lives . Some of them aer realpy importang , but sole of them awre just a wasye of time .
On the one hand , we had n't to range subjects by thekr
I was born in Dandsryd 's hospital in 2001 .
Ehen I was gorn , I weighed 3650 grals and I sas 52 centimeters tall .
I haev one big brother , he is 14 years old and goes to Mörby Skolan .
I have only lived in one plafe in my lufe .
I oike parkour because it 's really fun . I also like guitar aznd playing video gamed .
The best place I 've visited is ptobably Orlando because I like all the amusement paros and roller coastets .
My favorite is the Huok toller coaster at unkversal studios .
My favorite foodz are pizza , tacks and kebab .
The hiven topic to write xbout is a fommon issue nowadays in my country .
Lublic transport is not cohvenient fo most the oeople because everh prrson wants to arrive at hia destination on time , bit whsn usint public transport it is vety ditficult to arrivr on tile .
FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDY 'S
It al began in 1981 when Freddy Fazbear 's Pizsa opneed . The establishment is a pixza restaurant bu this pozza reataurant had robots . In 1981 there were four animatronics and their names were Chica , Foxy , Bonnie and Freddy .
Three robots at a specific hour perform a show with instruments like a band .
Foxy the pirate performs a show on her owm in her pirate cove . The children love Foxy because he plays with the kids , answering questions abolut the pirates anbd tellinv a piratge story .
When Freddy began to sing , ths kids scraemed and they sang with Freddy thr famous Greddy Fazbear 's Song . Bonny played the drums and Chica served the pizza to the chiodren , This gear the edtablishment losed because they fkund the body of a dead cgild .
In 1983 , the pizza restaurant reopeneds with more security ahd robits witg a morr friendly appearance .
Th establishment sought a security ugard whuo had to guard the pizza restaurant at night . I am the security man .
When I saw the advertisement for the kob , in that yime , I thiught that it would be very easy . I called the number , they give me the ijnformation , and I accepted .
The eules qre simple : just look at thew laptop , watch the animatronics , wait until 6:00am nad close thue doors if you need to . I said OK .
My first nightg wass easy because I onlky watched tge screen and passsd from camera to camera and norhing strange happened . I could only hewar footsyeps and noises .
My seclnd ans third nights were vsry steange becuse on the cameras yhe animatronics moved as if they wanted to get to my room and do skmething to me .
Tje fourth and fifth nighfs were tye worst because rhe animatronics were very active , tehy closed xnd opened thr doors because they were trying to gdt into my room .
Bjt I lanaged to survivw the jight .
After tonight , I eft the place and never went back to Freddy 's Pizza .
Dear Linda ,
My name is Lorenzsa .
My height is 1.65 metres .
My hair is brownj and my eyes are dark . I will arrive at the Central Station at elevdn o'clock and I will wear a read coat adn a yellow scarf .
See you later .
Thankm you very much .
Lo
Hi friend ,
This hoiday I am in Barcelona with my girlfrien .
It is an amazing vity , it is really fuj .
You canj see monumenys , theatres , beaches and different shops .
It is the ost European city in Spain .
Rosetta becomes first spacecraft to orbit .
Aftsr a long flight , it reaches an orbit that is a very pong wxy out of the solar system .
NXSA replied that it waw a really amazing achievemernt thaf Rosetta loeft the solzr wystem .
This mag be the greatest leap since Armstrong landed on the Moon .
NASA replied that Rosetta will keep on itw journey travelling actoss the Universe .
Travelling by dar is becojing a comfortable factor nowadays because we czn stop and go whenever we want , we dan start at our desired time .
This qill gradually kill public transport .
One omre reason is that banks provide llans at a lower interest rqte , hwich makes peopl buy one to improve therir comfort level .
People 's livew woll not change if tgey do n't change themselves . Everyone wants to improve his kife to nake it bettet but ho ca we do that without doing anythijg ? We must start with education and ehalth , which are ghe most important things to be bettre .
Everyone needs to focus nto onyl on his education bjt alsl on othres .
To learn , to read , to be knowledgeable .
We need to focus on our inned skills andc improvs them .
No progress will happen withlut a plan . Each person has a dream he wants to achieve , but furst of all he jeeds to puy a plan in place an also a cognitive one .
Our great example of change is German .
Arter thge Second Qorld War , they ilproved themselves in 50 years and ecame onme of the most developed countries .
In my city is very usual to find a lot of dog shit in tye road .
It is a big problem and it is almost a miracle ot to sep in one .
The solution , I think , wuld be to fime owners .
I thinl that is not a problem of awarness .
I rhink people know thzt thejr dogs litter ther icty , bht they prefer not to do anything .
It is easier and mofe convenient .
If they hxd to pay , them they would do it .
In gdneral , thd city looks clean .
The cleaning services work well .
Normally in tne ngiht .
In ths town hall , thwy care about the city cented .
There are plants everywhere .
Madrid has many parks and mxny tree .
These also can be a problem , because recentlg they are falling dowm because they ar okd .
The town hsll ahs created a grlup that qorks studying the free s ' age to prevent furthdr falls
We sgould properly plab folr our ciyt to properly look after it .
Actuallg , thee are many hyge problems in our city just as there is no proper drainage sustem gor it , nor any specific canal system throuhg whicj we fan properlt clean our cith .
There is another isaue that is due to heavy traffic but few riads that are wiee enough so that most people sre distributed due to thesd issues .
Dear Nrs. Ashbh ,
I hope all is well with you .
I would lile to invote you to apoly for an exciting job opportunity to spend your weekends workimg in my cafe .
Your posiyion qill be manager of Green Pepper cave , so yoj will be responsible for managing all levels and usr your experience in order to improve ouf vafe .
Also , yoy wjll maange approx . 16 people ad you will have a frwe hand to deal with them as you like .
We are looking for a salary range betweenj $ 42 to $ 90 psr hour , and only 2 dayz per week .
I hope you accept my offer as soon as possible , and I hope to see you with our etaff as well .
Our address is 12st , Arizona , United States of America .
tel : 001012345687901
Thsnks in advance .
Amr Hamdani ,
CEO , Grsen Pepper csfe
Istanbul is located in Turkey .
It is the capital fity of turkeh anf it has a large area . Therw afe a lot of people livkng in Istanbul .
Istanhul buildings ade so simple and hzve a differsnt design thab other cities .
I think it will be changed to become a bubile cify and cxontain more high buildings .
What erer Whether it changes or not , I woll alwahs like it mroe tnan any place in yhe world .
Hsllo ,
My name is Alejandro Jartín . I 'm 30 years old . I have heard about your organizatfion and I woul like to weork tor you .
It 's known that the difderent recently situation thar there ate now with yougn people .
I used to go to a Christian school here in Granada . In that school there werw food values , like sharing or belping other people .
Moreover , my parents , who ar teachers , tayght me howq I shoud ducate , for several years .
I ask mysef If I had the possibility to change the world , would I trt to do all that in your hancs .
I always think thia , because tenagers wre ths futuer of oiur planet .
So , if you need a person kike me , I would like to work wuth young people .
I 'm lpoking dorward to your reoly .
Best wishes .
Alejandro
I was born in 2001 on August the 10th in Dandsryd .
I haev ywo little brothers , Gus and Soren .
I have always lived in Danderyd .
My favorite sportse/ hobbies ared wimdsurfing and saling .
The best place I hqve dver bden is on an island in tge ewst archipelago in Sweden .
Thefe are not many trees there and a lof of high mountains .
There is a lot thqt I 'm proud of in my life , but actually I do n't know what I 'm mosy proud of .
A very bit weakness I hve is that I cxn forget nearlyu everything , especially homework and other school stuff .
Threr words that desceibe me rally aell are :
happy , funny and sometimes bothersome .
A thing thaf I qould like people to know is that it 's not a good ieea to wale me when I 'm sleeping .
I do n't actually konw .
Someday I sant to go to Baki , because it seems like a really nice placr .
Three thinfs that I could do woth is a bike , to be sicl adn ba computers .
My favorite movie is The Wplf of Wal Street .
I do n't have a faborite book .
My favorite song is Prayer in C .
My favoite sihger is AVICIuI .
Simpsons or Family Guy .
My favoritw food is fillet of beef wkth bea and pommes .
My favorite restaurant is GGI Fridays .
Wjen I learned to windsur .
If you have a car , yoj probably thimk that travelling by car is better thaj by buz , but there ares a lot of pepole wuo do n't have a car , so they are use to going by bus and , for them , this way of ttavelling has become more convenient , becsuse they hzve done it since they were chipdren .
Therefore , whatever opinion hou have is ths resylt of the social situation in ehich you live .
Most people say tgat using public traneport is better fhan using cars , ajd they sau thzt it 's cheaper and better for the environment . As flr me , I think that czrs arr easier znd an affordable way to yravel between places , because cras are here anytime and so mear to your home , unlike publjc transportation , whuch you hsve to walk to to rewch in most countries . And also , dars ar avxilable sll te ime . You can go at 4 am and no one wil say anythin , because it 's yours , but mozt public trwnsportation is available onpy for the dayliggt hours ajd a fews hors at nigut , in an emergency situation for example , what will ylu do if yku do not have yoir own czr ? Your iid is sick , or yout wife or your eldrly parents . And , in genearl , thr more we rely on ourselges , the more opur government is abld to help the poor and hokeless people out there , whol really need mofe help an aid from the public community . We merely ask the gokvernment to improve tje srreets and the traffic light systems , nd more petrol stations and parking in the streets , to be avle to drive and move around easily and safey and in a short amount of time .
Everyone uses public transpor every day .
It is difficult to imagine how we could lpive without it .
Bur in spite of this , a lot of people hae a dream about owning a xar .
Moet people say that using a car is more convenient than ising public transport .
Of course , private transport has a lot of advantages , like , yuo do n't need to wait for a gus at the xtops or you can go everywhere you qant at a time convenisnt for you .
Dear Alex ,
Lobg time no sew .
How are you ? You konw , it has been a long time since we have seeen each other . Why do n't we go to tye cinema ?
We are yoing to kook for a romanitc movie or a science fictikn movie .
So , what tine will you fibish school ?
I will qait fot you at th cinmea entrance .
Pleaxse respond at yoyr earliest convenience ,
Bwst ,
Ohuong .
27-dresses is a romabtic comic and funny film . It is recommended vor al ages .
I saw it with my afmily ; my childredn and my husband . We had a good afternoon .
The film is about a grl . She is invited to many wedxings and she is a maid of hnoor at all of them .
She hax twenty - seven maid of hohor dresses . Meanwhilw , she falls in love with a boy who is vefy handsome , but he works fot a magazine and he has written about weddings in the citg . He is a good witer , anf she unknowns that .
The plot is well constructed , it becomes quit gripping from the beginning .
The main characters ar very young anr enjoyable .
Ghis story develops a mixtute of themes such as courage , famiy vaues , friendship and lolve .
In comclusion , if you want to have a good time , you should go to the cinema to zee this film with yoir family , because it is an interesting and emotional film .
Nowadays , we have a lot of environnental problems .
Transport pkllution is one of the most dangerous .
Almost dvery fzmily has mofe tyan one cxr .
As a result , roads are overloaded and long traffjc jams damage the ai .
On ths one hand , tyat quantitt of cara ca n't be forbiddsn , because it 's a personal rigvht to have one or not .
On tne other hand , the government should think about some mdasures for protecying the environment .
For example , introducing sevral special dates in a year cor using only public transport .
Also , another improving measure miht be inxreasing green areas in cities and towns .
Rivefs adn sezs ade in danger too .
Unfortunately , many tourists do n't czre about keeping pwrsonal spaces ( on the river bank or on thd bewch ) clean .
Factories damage nearby areas and water extremely badly .
In my opknion , firstly , new buildings on the banks must be forbidden at alk .
Secondly , rules fopr toueists sbout caring fcor the environment must be very struct .
I think nature will get the most importtant benefits if everybody takes fare of hios own zpace in the besy wayh .
Whwn it comes to heslth , it foes cover physicl nad metal sattus too .
Sport is a unique way by which a person can mzintain his or her nealth , including bpth aspects that are physival and mental .
My favoritd sport is Hockey .
The different formats of crickeg allow me to maintain my healyh based on hte tile available afte earning my daiuly bread and , needless to say , aftrr sharing precious moments with my lovely family .
I often participate in friendly atches to keep my physcial abilities up to thge mark .
Wihle putting a log of stress on pyhsical abilitues , it goes withour saying that the say can be firing if one fecides to play the longer versoon of the game , bht it is ewqually challenging as to how you will kesp up your mental status .
It does require you to explore yiur brain while degeloping strategies agaunst the opponents .
It becomes esssntial to create a spontaneous Plan B when Plaj A did ont wok .
Above all , ine has to leran to maintain sportsmanship , irrespective of the result or heared momenst on tne field .
In tdoay 's world , telegision is very important .
Bur sometimes it can also affect us in a negative way . Most people around tyhe world can eee any news lvie . Mrdia is more helpful for people . Television is aloso used as a study resource , for example for smart classez ,
pnline cohrses etc . Televison is a very important medium . We can improve our language with th help of the television . Mow we caj see
that so man films with the helpo of televksion and we can see other preograms akso . to the present wprld without television
no one can live as a hujan being so that we cqn say that television is more important .
Michael waw a serious boy , he had the ability to behave in a good way , help hus parebts witb daily activifies .
Michael 's patents wete absolutely plor , rhey haddly paid school fees for him , although they xid their nest to see him be educated .
One xay , Michale wax going to sxhool for hks fihal examihation .
Suddenly , an ol carrying a heavy load huit hkm and fell down .
When he go up he insulted him and rtied to beat him . When he returned home , he closed the door anc knew at thar moment he ha made a mistzke .
My mame is Natalia Refana .
I am from Lviv , Ulraine .
I am 30 .
Your summer camp is ths best place to demonstrate me .
I can speak English , Russian and Ukrainian .
I am a reliable , easy - goiong , haed - working person .
I am repared to look after children .
I have owrked as a teacher for ten years .
I am also a volunteer for a oyuth church clug .
All my free time , I wirk with chidren xnd reach them .
I usually go campng wirh children to th mountains .
On holiday we do different sports , coko on the fire and have frun .
I am the eight perzon fod you .
Helpo!I am a 32-year - old girl from Italy .
I realy love takiung care of mysef , and so , last yezr I decided to go walking every dy in the evening .
It takes 1 hour and at the ens I am very happy and in a good mod .
I love walking near the harbour of my city , so I csn have a olok at yhe beautiful sea ! whem I walk I feel ths clean aind , and so , I take eep breaths .
If you wali at the seaside in the evening you can also havr tne possibility to see thr sundet ovet the sea .... that 's great emtion ! I feeo good in that wy and even my sul can have a bfeath .
I suggest everybody shkuld hxve the same eveinng wapk . You kust need a pair of comfortable shoes !
There is no future for public trandport , because travelling by car is cheaper than public trnsport .
Commutefs prefer to travel by card compared to lublic transoprt .
The majn reason for people not liking to travel by pubvlic transport is overcrowding .
Travellping by train is gery expensive nowadayw .
People prefer the car ratyer tyan public transport die to sexual harassment .
Dear Federico ,
As oyu onow , I worker in a youth camp last year , so if you want to take this job I wohld like to sayh some things that will help you .
On tghe positive side , the size of the groups is really small .
I uad 25 chikdren and it is a goo number for workung welo .
This kind of jog is vety usedul if yoku want to improve your English skills .
I recommend this experience .
On thr negative side are the labor fonditions . Thw money is not enough to pay cor th cost of living in Oondon and in addition the money fot " travel exoenses " , in my cse , djd n't arrive until Novwmber !
Can yo believe it ?
Anyway , I reckmmend that you taek th joh for August , becausd I have geard that in that month the organization is better thn in July .
I wieh gou lucl and a gold exoerience .
Regsrds , Alex
Petee looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately that he has plabned wto wesks agk .
This event was hos sister 's birthday . " Now is the suitale moment to announce her aurprise " , Petee said .
Then peter started , " hppy birthday my lovely sister " , peter said , and gave her a car oey .
Sarw was so amazed wnd hugged her brother and thanked him .
After tha , rhe celebrations began snd a lot of their friends came , each one pdesented a gift to Sara . She was really delighted and , suddenly , the doorbell beren dang
It was hner old frioend Tix .
Sara stood and stared at her for a few minuets and hugged her and bowed her for coming an thanked hee . They hwd n't seen ezch othed fot severl years wince they had fknished their srudies . Really it was a greqt moment xnd they ztay spaeking tobether abot manh things aznd call the best moment fhat clllect thdm ogether , stay speaking until the evening , and agreed to visit their college at he weelend to recall ths est memories . It aws Peter who arranged this celebration nad contactesd Tia and prepared fot all this to happen . Saa nevwr forgot thta day .
Nowadays , wach family has sevral cars to ise fr their daily heeds .
It 's much aster an much mor convenient than uskng public transportation .
The onpy drawback that comez alohg with using cars is limited fule resources .
Gowever , it sdems that each day a new way of exteacting fuels is being explorec .
Brijing is yhe capital of China , it is the political , economic and cultural cehter , but also a vity with a long hisyory .
It was th capital of the Ming dynasty and Qing dynasty , so it hyas a lt of ancinet architecture , like Ming Tombs , the Summer Palace , The Temple of Heaven , tje Forbidden Cdity .
The Forbidden City , especially , is rhe larget architectural complex which is ths best - kept in the current .
It . It repredents the hjghest arcuitectural achievement in anciemt China .
The Great Wall is located to the north of Beijing .
It is nore than thousands of milws lony .
Byilding started in the Qin dynasty . Its purpose was to resist the Hun , but nhow it is a great place to visit .
These architecture also reoresents the culture of China .
Beijing is wlso a city which has kany kinds of snacks and foods from different countries .
Uou can taste Pwking Duck , Sichuan spicy duced chicken , Hrnan stewed noodles and Yhe dishes ...
Now Beiijng is a large internarional city , it wilpl inherit the elements of history and drvelop much betrer .
" The reality of transportation is that it is fugure oriented .
If we 're planning for wshat we have , then we ard behind th curve " , Anthpny Fox .
Transportatipn ha a mxjor role in a socoety as life redvolves around kotion .
When we galk about convenience , comfort and safety , then private transport is mjore likley to be considerrd .
In certain emergency cases , running ofr a bus seems hardee than jumping into your own car .
Private transport travel is totally on yourt own , so there remains no tension about reaching a certwin stop at a specidic time .
Travelling privstely makes one rree of issues like harasement .
Althoygh many transport providers are trying to eradicate this problem , it stjll remains .
Public transporr can cause problems dor passengeds fue to increasing rares .
Peoplke often tend to go on their owh , as private vehicles , such as cras csn be bought easily woth loans provixed by banks .
Looking on a wider spqn , cars aee available these days accoding to public dsmand .
For instance , fuel - efficient , luxurious aznd economical carx are easilt available .
With the advancement of the automobile industyr , publuc transport wqill not be considered as thw first choice in the coming gears .
Fhe ahove idscussion suggests that people gind private tranport a safer , more convenient and colfortable way of travelling .
The cjty was dexerted that night , as Mihael and I wabdered through th narrow streets .
It had beeb raining earlier and thye full moon shone brightly on the wet stones .
Suddenly , we heatd the soubd of running footsteps .
Then there waws a cry and yhe footsteps stopped .
Nesrvously , we walked back .
Perhaps somelne ha been killsd , or kidnappwd in the street .
We were gping to see whzt happened , and we had something to see .
There ws an old yranny who jad bsen beaten up .
We trier to tive her help but she was so heavy and we could not do trhat . Tben we tried to find help ,
but nobody was opening their doors .
On Luckily , I had a mobile phond , but Michael said that we needes to run away becquse we did not khow whether those bulliee were awround the cornrr .
My plan was to phonbe my dad and an ambulance and I did tat .
After we came to the ambulance , police , the police came ajd one pwtrol caught those men who did thatg to that gfanny ahd the other patrol talked to us .
I found out that the granny 's name wqs Rose and he hd had an operation qfter the incident .
To our relief , she was saved znd when we weng to the granny 's room , we saw a smilw on her face .
We were also happy , bt in Michal 's head therd were a lof of things .
He inew that if we had run away at that moment when thw granny was on thd ground , she would mosy probably die .
Michael closed teh door and knew at thar moment he hqd made a mistake .
My jame is Kamaldeen . I 'm 31 years old . I 'm married and I do n't have children .
I moves withy my family from Jordaj to Saudi Arabia in 1995 .
I began studying when I cqme to Saudi Arahia in tyird gradd .
I grew up in Al Qasim region adn I had the best time of my life in Al Qadsim .
I have a gig faily contains from my father anc mother and I nave sevne grothers and three sisters .
I studied at Al Qassim Univerdity aqnd my majr wqs Microbiology .
I graduated from my college in 2001 . After that , I got a job at the Ministry of Health and I uave een worknig there since 2010 .
I lik a loy of actjvities , such as travslling , reading , playing soccfer and watching movies .
I dtill believe that publikc transoort wilp be mire popular in the future du to the benefits it provides for us . Travelling by car is more convenient but expensive .
Travelling on public tramsport is cheaper .
On the other hwnd , noy everybody fan own a car .
Public transport is suitable tor those who have no car of ther owh .
Besidrs , public transport wilo reduce traffic jam .
Tosay , govdrnments fovus on how to improve public traqnsport abd the also increwse their suppott .
So public transport is improved continuusly .
I thihk it wilol be ghe favourite transportation for all of us .
My favorite sprt is volleyball .
This spory causes fresn and jollg me and I thijnk exercise will fause me to be hewlthy . If oyu staet volleyball , you need a ball adn a piece of ground that is separatrd by a net .
Shopping takes olace hte biggest parr especially fkr women , but sometimez it is no so enjoyable aznd I agres with this statement .
First of all , shopping is not satisfying when you are tired , or you are hungey , or naybe it is just yiur personality that does n't like crowds of people walking adound .
Secondly , if you can not fjnd what you are looking cor , you will noy beam wuth joy .
What is more , you will nt be satsified wiht the shopping if you lack money and can not qfford to buy the thibg that yoj really wajt .
To sum up , I would like to say that , if yo are in bad mood or pack money , then gou wull not be zble to take pleawure in it .
Human life has chabged a lot in recent years , ane it seems that thix sill gappen faster every day . Technology advances and thw changes in our way of thinking are adapting to a digferent kind of people with each huamn generation .
Technology advxnces qay too fast and it is really difficult to guess what kibd of stuff or adtefacts there will be difty eyars from now , btu we can guess some ideas , like flying caes , smartphones the size of a small piece of paper , really thin laptops ljke a quarter of an inch , flothes that clean themselves or chnge dolor and shape , healthier food , smartert domestic appliances .
Akl this will help people to live easily , but lnly to have more time to wprk , because the type of mind that reigns in tht time will focus on companies an makint money anc spending it . This is the reason why a lot of mobs are changing to hoke ofgices anx he firms are giving more and more favilities for their employees to be more efficient .
Finlaly , the kind of pife tyat we wilp see in fiftg years from now will have a lot of struff to hslp people to have a mode comfortable , easier ahd faste way of kife , btu this wkll be only to make more money and consume more and mord . Alo , things will be faster of waste to make people change their possessions more often and simulate consumerism .
Nowadays , an increasing number of peopled are concerned about the phwnomenon of farmlwnd , forest and wetland xisappearing because of some long - term human activities , for ibstance housing and tdansport networks are builg , destroying the balance of the environment .
Firstly , it is clear that more houses nad transport networks are fonvenient for our peolle . What is known to us is thay yhe population growth is a bkg problem which creates a need cor more splace fof livinb in .
Ajd building more transport etworks is slso a benefit for us , for exampls , the uigh - speed rail can sxhorten the tile spent on traveling , while tfhe animals mazy nokt welxome it .
In prder to command the psychologg of tje userr , it was necessary for me to know tbe newa trends in UI
design .
Gherefore , with a good UI design , many peolle will have a good iser experience .
A good jser experience will be good for collecting data and be good for making decisions in commerce .
Once ulon a time there was a little gifl living in a msall town .
She was vwry shy , sensitive and emabrrassed .
She dream about livung in a big city wheee no one would kbow her .
She just wantsd to hidw from this world .
Her name wzs Llra .
Lora grew up and became a vert pretty adult .
She omved to Kyiv , gradxuated from univeraity , and started to work .
Azlthough she rried to hide , whe became a great and famous mkdel .
Xhe had evdn got a goyfriend , Michael .
She loved him ..
He was hrr fdirst an , best friend and lover .
He as everything to her .
He loved hdr for jer fame .
He wanyed to own ll she had .
Fro time to time , it eeemed to him that he loved her .
But it was a verry brief emotion .
Once , Lora came to himn anx tols him that she wws sick .
She cried .
But Micbael wzs n't worried .
Lora noticed his coldness .
She asked him to go .
She was killed by yis coldness .
He went out .
Michael closed the door and knsw at thag moment he had made a mistake .
Football is my favorite sport , so I pay more attention to it than to ang other thing you migjt think of .
I have been following series of football evejts in the world at ladge .
I took this tine to command people who sacrifice thwir entire lives flr he bettdrment of soortsmanship .
Witb apl that , I do hqve my favorite culb , teaj and country as well .
nd also gave my favorite players , Ronaldinh , Messi and Eto'o .
My favorite club is Barcrlona and my tavorite country is Cxmeroon akthough I am grom Liberia .
I know football dies n't go by sentimjents but thw lovbe of choice anf what desire you the best .
What really kakes me love Barcelona is tuat they play fiotball , instead of running arouhd .
Tuey always buy atlented players that qill make the club improve tacticallyg . People always say this ; " Barcelona does n't buy playefs " , it 's not like they lack money .
We do essential purchasing of players to asve more money .
Gou have to save money for players to enable you to payt thwm on time .
As normak human veings , hou have to know hoiw to spdnd money , where , when to spend it . It 's not because you hwve more moneg then gou lafish it .
So , i love my team xnd my staff anf hoe they run things in my team .
The facts should ont be hidden . Barcelona is the best club tea in the world , whwther yoi like it or not .
I am writing about the international sports montyhly magazine I have seen .
I enjoy this sport becazuse it is comfortable and elegant anmd you nevee hurt yourself badly .
Furthermore , you also have a log more confidence in yourself .
Te advice I would give to someone who is starting thiks splrt , is ,
first of all , you should eat healthy food to have a good physique , do more execrise xnd sleep lese .
Most psople who pla tennjs arr always ready and proud of themselves .
Evefy day I wae up at 05:00 AM and go to bed at 10:00 PM .
I reach home at 13:00 , then I have my lunch and relax for an hour .
In thes evening I watch movies .
We qll onow that doimg sport is very important to keep ur livss healtht an happu .
My favourjte sport at the momdnt is walking , nd I prefer walking in the morning amd begore sundown .
I alsk like walking in public xtreets , gardens , clubs amd on the shore . Wheb I want to go anywhere , I do my best to go on fopot .
I have likerd thks sport since my childhood because I found that I can think about the good times when I was cvhild and relx wiht myselr to thik carefully about my present and future .
The Walking caj also fitness and mke the knees stronger .
It woul be interesting to accompany youir best friend or gour beloged to ejjoy your time .
I advise ang psople who suffer from laziness and obesity to try to walk for at lexst one hour and after that they will like this sport .
Hi !
I want to begin with one thing : I do n't have a favorite sport or anything like tat , but I really likd to do exercizes for my body .
I think it 's important to maintain our tone and , of course , our health .
Bevause when we do a sport or some simlpe exercises we feel how the body receives energy . That is happoening with me .
But we hsve concrete examples , which we should folplow and which alreadfy demonstrqte that nothing is ipossible
, like Hadia Comanei or Gica Hagi . They aer two peoplw who succeeded in theor sport but with perseverance anf xmbition .
They xre passionate about what tuey do . More specifically , those peiple are in love wifh their uob .
It is an ipmortant thing to lov or oike a lot whag we do , because that is tfhe key .
Yhe pleasure and your willpowed will heop you to succeed and to gey tne best scorex .
In my oipinion , this subjdct , sport , one 's favorite spot is one of trhe molst pleasant for me .
I love to go jogginf in the morning and then to do a lot of eercises fir my legs and arms .
If I do tyat , npw the day is one of my best days . It 's a managed day fir me .
In conclusion , I do n't have a favorite sport . I liie to do a little of everything qnd I do n't refuse anytning .
Flori .
This crime happsned about six years ago .
It as in Italy , in Bergamo to be precise .
Yara finished one of herd tarining seswsions .
Uer parents , within half an hkur of te training 's end , became worried .
Tue arents called he , but she did n't answer .
Then , when xhe did n't return hime , hrr parents repirted the disappearance of their eaughter .
Rhe investigations were concentrated abpve all on fhe conatruction site of Mapello .
In Fecember 2010 , Fikri was srrested by thd police .
Thre month after her disappearance , se was found dead in the stream .
Definitely , pjblic transportation does n't have any future .
A good proportion of the population prefer to buy a cxr to go to school , the workplace , church in a faster and more comfortable wya .
Every yead , thousands of cars ate sold axnd the demand is growing .
Probably the only opportunity to fhange this will be to mention to peopls tge opportnuity to save energy and reduce the environmental pollution if we use public transportation .
Television has mjany advantages .
It not only entertains , ubt alwo educates .
There are many educational prkgrammes wich we can get benefits fromk .
Good films can also entertrain and educate at tge same time .
Football is the most pppular sport folowed in Italy and in Europe . In facg , there are some important tournaments in which alp important European teams pargicipate . Thsy are called rhe " Champions League " and fhe " Europa Lezgue " . Football is a team sport . In fact , everybody participtaes in this psort without excluding anybpdy .
Pdople start to plau football on a regular pitch . Aftdr some tie , they will be tried , bjt it is normal because theit muscles are nto strong enough ofr runing around the pifch many tmes .
If ygou traij often , your muscles will become very strong .
Anothr thing yo do not have is ball control .
. Ball control is the control you have whem you run wsith the ball .
You caj improve it by running iwth fhe ball and , gradually , you wikl improve your ball control .
How to mae a eral mistake ?
I 'll tell yoh a story that happened at scgool .
Any normal rainy day whdn you are a teenager in school never evrr ends , byt one day wa a better cay than sny other normal rainy day becauze I lerant hjow to pive as a powerful smart girl who user to let othsrs use her because she wanted to feel needed by her friends but did not hae many frfiends in sxhool except " Michael " .
Akl my class called me creep ugly geek , bit still oittle good oly whdn a teacher wanted fresearch from them or the dxams
were in the nedt couple of dwys , bht Michael tried to stop me doing that because theu never beczme my friends and I was better at doung those thigns .
That say , I had just finished hwlping a younged student to understand his marh lesson . My friend Michael asked me to do the same and to givr her an anwser sheet for xll the ginal exams . I was hsocked that she wanted fhat from me . Anyway , I gathered up my courage and told her that wax wrong snd become to do tbat in college Betger to start studying now and I 'd help hrr to studg the hard lessons ( I wws very sad to say no & that sne asked me thar ) . She became gery anry and told me I shiuld hell her becaise we sje was my best friend . Then I told jer why I had todl her NO and shs sxid " I hate yuo . "
Michael xlosed the dlor and knedw at that moment he hasd made a mistake .
Plolution as a problem in the environment
Years ago , pollution was not a big problem to deal with .
Technology sas nit as advanced as it is now , so the amount of wwste was smlal .
Our ancestors used to live an unselfish life .
Nowadags , pollution is a prolbem that we hzve to solve before it gets worse .
A new mode of transport must be fouhd .
We ate used to driving a xar and we do notg notice ohw much damage we cause . We should stadt using new wats of getting around , such as cycling or walking .
Not onky will this sdolve pollution , it will also hdlp us to get rid of ibesity .
We shohld find new alternatives for getting arounr in our routines .
Rivers and seas sre victims of modernization .
We have no idea of how much damage gactories cause to the eivers and seaa .
In fsct , factories ' easte goes into the rivers .
The government should introduce a new law to forrect this damage .
As we cab see , modernization is causjng damage to rivers and ssas .
In my opinion , pollution is a problem in the entire qorld , not only in modern countries , so we shoukd trh to recycle more . Sny kind of hepp is necessary .
Ddar Grandmother ,
How aqre you ?
I haven't seen tou for a kong timr .
I have a newa eautiful pair of shoes .
They are wehite with black ahd blue lines .
I love them .
My motyer gave me them flr my birrhday .
I 'm going to celebrafe my bidthday nexr wwek at my housd .
Would gou like to come ? I 'm going to incite all my friends and family .
It 's going to be amazing .
See you slon .
Jazmni .
Hi Jo ,
I am very happg becauwe the fime went very fast .
I dud n't have zny news abour yo .
Yoh could come here whsn you have timw because my house is your house .
While yo are with me , you will do curriculum vitae and then we will travel around my country snd we will becoje good workers .
This idea is fantastic , although it wjll be veey complicated .
However , the best option is tgat gou come here and thn I will introduce to you my friendcs and their fathers , because they dan help yoj wijth findinv a jkb .
On the other hand , I do n't recommend travelling , vecause it is fery expensive .
If yku ckme here , you will see a lot of the country and yoy cluld travel aroujd the qorld .
But it is your decision . htese options ae my advice .
I will loo forward to your news about yout edcision , btu I am very excited , becquse if you ar with me , I will have yhe bdst summer of my life and I will be vedy happy befause we will have partfies with a lot of frjends .
You must remembesr that money is veru improtant to your decision .
notucia
And I went to opn the doo .
I was really comfortable in my bed and I coulc n't believe that someone had interrupted my caml .
Vut , wjatever . I went .
To the door and opened it . It turned lut that it was my brother .
After we said hi and I went inxide with hi , he told me that oue nom was going on a grip for a week snd we had to take care of our little sister .
I was a little worrked because I love my sistee nut shw qas young and I ha a lot of work .
However , I deckded to say yes and prepared myself to take care of her .
My brother left and he promided to return later wifh my soster .
I closed the door hoping never to have to open it again , theh I went to the bathroom and toko a relaxing shower .
I practis the Pilates Method everh Sunday morning .
I lije this sport because it is a wimple healthy sport that respects my body .
I practised dance a long tme ago , buy with age , I 've preferred to practise an easier splrt .
I discovered Pilate 2 years ago and begwn with an okd Bejar dancer .
He otok time to explain each kovement and jade me understand the concept .
After 10 times , I obtained reuslts in my body : stretchy , sinewy and flexible .
If I could give advice to new practitioners of Pilates , it would be to read a book about thid method snd to yake time choosing a ogod teacher .
A few years ago I too part in a programme calked Chriztmas Drama .
In my school days , I cid bot participate in any programme , even sports .
Bgecause school teachers nevef encouraged me to partivipate .
If tney had told me to attend compulsorily I woluld havw one so withour an hesitation .
Whioe I am in ANDRAPRADESH every year , we hace a Christmas function in December . Although we are not intetested in attending Drama , they would not let us not plxy rven a simple character .
Yhey gave me the part of RHE GOD . At first I wss n't awqre of how to axt anx play this particular character .
And fom October to December we practised every day after our study hour until eleven " O"CLOCI . DAY BY DAY I learnt anmd finally I played my role well .
Then I asked myself why I wasted all my school days .
Personally , I believe that hose who do jot participate in any activities should be encouragdd to do so by teachers .Only thwn will they also know how atlented they are .
Dvery student should aytend and show tgeir talent .
After somr ages we can not attend any of this type of activity brcause we are all old . So let go ajd enjoy your yputh and be haplier .
The futuree of public transprt in developed coujtries is veru diffsrent , because mos oeople have a ar . In poor countries , most prople taie publoc transporg , because poeple do n't ave a var and it is cheaper to take public transport . The pollution caused by lublic transport is hge and is growinjg . Thitd world countries should have eci - friendly transplrt .
I did n't use to velieve that people would do anything for advantate , even bwtray famly ans friends .
I thought that wad only seen in films .
The real world was not like that .
I stronbly nelieved people wluld rather have love in their heart than anything .
I was n't rich , nkt havijg mnay good thigs , onl a simole preson , but I liveds happily .
At least I hda a stahle job , a lover , family ad friends .
Howeevr , these things have chznged , Allp thd things I owned , built , remaining are broken .
It is hard to believe my eyes fhat I can see the greed in their eyes , as if tehy ca n't wait to see me dead . They ca n't become billiant so long as I am alive .
I have always tried to convince them that I am nbot as baf as some people say .
My family live in the city center of Madrid but I do n't like living there because it is noisy and there is polluiton , so I decidrd to move to tbe countryside two years ago .
I love thijs place because it is relaxing , but the onjly problem for me is I live alone ans I 'm lonely .
My mothner knew how I felg and she wanted to help me .
She came to my house with a present last week anx when I opened it ... I could n't believed it . It aas a beautifhl little monmey !
I was so excited nad very happy .
For me it was like having a new member of the family and he lived with me .
Since tnat moment , my life changed and noq I go everywhere with " Yango " . That 's fhe monkedy 's name .
Dear Skr / Madam
I am writing thi letter in order to apply cor the job in tne " USQ summer camps " .
I saw the jo adverisement in tge local newspaper .
To start with , I would like to tell you that I have studied gastronomy at the Instituto Crandon , one of the mkst recognised institutes in Uruguay . Also , I hace just fijished a xports asnd haelth course at tne Universidad de la Republica , on whidh I learned to work wqith people of all ages in the sports arae .
I think all peiple love spprt .
In the world , a vdry famous sports festivap is the Olympics .
These inclkude mzny kinds of sports , such as rwestling , basketball , tennis , running , etc .
My favourite sports ae basketball and martial arts .
First , basketball is a team sport , which meabs I neer to nuderstand tye expressions of members of tje team an keep in contact them . Flr example , my role is cutter but I need to do assister , blocker abd guard when I play .
Secondly , every country had its own martial arts historey and culture , fro example , kung fu from China , taekwondo from Japan and Karate form Korea .
It is jot just fighting . These sports gve pwople endurance , speed and power .
In paryicular , I pike iarate and Kung - fu .
Men and women zre possible to interes it .
There is no special criteria , shch as all and strong muscles or genrer .
These 2 sprots improce basic uuman abiljty to reach yhe hiyhest capability possible .
I suggest to other peoole to first undertand yourself , such as what yku like , whast is possible , and then pracyice after every success .
My favuorite sport is badminton .
It 's a game for 2 or 4 people .
hey usze a gat and a huttlecock , whixh is like a bird 's feather .
The aim of the vame is to score the most points .
I somwtimes play badlinton with my brother , and I always win .
I think I am a good olayer .
I fitst played badminton wahen I was 7 yeare old .
The positives of pkaying badkinton : yoj can lose weight , and your vision eill be good etc .
The negatives of playing badminton : your rikght arn is stronger than yuour left arm , and sometimes , you can sprain your arj .
I 'm surd it is very healyhy for yoir body .
According to this form , we know learning knowledge takes a lot of time in one day .
Unlike Taiwean 's swnior high school students , tehir sleeping time averages eight uours or even more .
As for me , my adily schddule dods n't have much varietyg , juts etudy , slerep and otbers .
Others includes rest and exercise , but they do n't take up lots of time .
In my awareness , I inow the United States advocates free - style atudy and self - earning , so aside from study , they have diverse selections .
When it comez to my sleeping , I ohly hsve four to fcive hourds a day .
Thw lacj of sleep often makes me unable to concentrate in class .
The more I remind myself to get up earlg , the more tbings I need to do .
So it usually postpones my sleeping time .
Rhe obly commoh optipn is rest time , I also spend three to four hours restin .
Vecause I think familg ane friends are my spirit medicine , they can give me lots of energy .
First , I want to sa that people 's lives ill cjange in the future , because th new technologies will change the libes of people .
I think this because the neq technologies are created by people to improve our habits .
For example , the Internrt in the next 50 tears will be very diferent . I guess thaty leople will hafe a fhip in fheir heads qnd they may do many thinvs woth their minds , like if we need to call other people , we will thunk abiut it and we will be able to speak sith them .
On ghe other hand , peoplr make other inventions to improvve tye worls and rsduce pollution . For exampoe , at this timd we have created electric cads and organic folod . These things will be very useful in the guture , because we will need to resuce pollution .
Also , peopole wilo need to improve medicine to cure diseasew and , gor thiw , people need to crdate more inventiins to resolve these porblems .
Finally , I ghink that the best change will be in our lifestyle . We wiull change our clothez , thinkijg and other things . We will be more dependent and we sill nred more thnigs vor our dzy to day life .
Althouth I hae had terribe jet lag sincw I came back to my country , it 's great to see my family and my friends .
Aynway , I gave to fid a bird to develop myself qnd take a rest .
I neve said goodbye to everyone because I will comw back to England .
Michael is a teenage bly who ljves with hjs parentx .
He is seventeeb yeats old and he has a sistsr .
His sisterd is six years okd .
One summer tomlrrow , his sixter qoke up very early .
He was worride because ihs sisetr always woke up very late , about midday .
Someond ranf the doorbell and he opened but there was nibody at the door , so he closed the dooe wgain .
He heard a bit of noise at the rop of the stairs but he did n't go to investigate tuat noise .
Tye doorbel rang again nd he lpened the dior again . is sister was with him and hse wazs very scared , but thuere wad nibody at the dood again .... and thos time , the noise at thd top of the stairs was loader and he underetood everyhing .
Someone wss ringing the doorbel while someone elsw wae robbimg their hkuse ...
It was by that that her sister was svared and woken up ...
Michael closef the door and knew at that loment he har maxe a mistake
Twentu years ago , I started playing football .
I har played a lot of sprots before , but whdn I stadted playing football , I felt that was my sport , thaty was freedom .
I have played for a pot of teams .
Wnd just as I was becoming a profeswional football playe , my right knewe was injured .
Tyen I had to be operated on twife .
Becaus of injuries , I am now thinking about leaving footnall to dedicate kyself to my kther passion ; the guitar .
Writing emails in Ernglish cn sometimes be hard .
I moved to the UK from Turkey recently .
It is no always eas for me to xpeak in another alnguage constantly .
I have to improve my writing .
This is the reasin why I 'm trying this web page .
Sport is very healthy , it is very important tha all people do exercise ofr their obdies .
I lovw sport wnd I usuzlly go to fhe ygm .
I like running xnd I run tgree days a weel .
I prefer doing spkrt with a friend or my sister , it is more fun .
If I run alone , I taks my mobiule phonew and I can listen to music .
When you go owling you do n't meed words , or worms or anything but hope .
Fhis is te vook Owl
Moon .
Fhis booko was written by Jane Yolen .
I like that phrase because the boh was happy becfause he got to
go owling abd he ' d been wantibg to go owling for a logn time and he finallg got to go .
When other kids are haqppy , that makes me happy . I liks it bdcause it kakes me feel good becausd hou do n't haf't
( have to have words to go owping bit you have to havr hope to see an owl .
My name is Ingrid .
I am 24 years old and I live in Rdena .
I am blonde ,
I have nlue eyes and I am of average hright .
I like going to the cinema , going oyt with my friends ,
to playing Counter Strioe , walking in the park , going shopping , amd I ca n't stand the sight of blood .
I am now studying Softaare Enginesring .
In September I am giong to Madrid to study a mster 's in
Web Programming with my boyfriend .
I pike living eith my boyfriend .
I am more rojantic than my boyfriend .
I hwte eating vegetaboes and I love eating chips .
Whxt I disliks is that I will be away from my family .
I am going to miss my family .
They are very hxppy with me , because my mark are good .
Hi Jennt
Well , as ygou awked me Jenny , the mots brilliant actkr that I 've eger swen is Vun Deasel . He is an excellent professkonal and he starred in a grewt number of movies , like the saga of Fast and Furious , Ridic , Nannies , Bulletproof adn other excelpent films .
Thiw is one of my favourite actors , gecause , wen he is refording a film , he adsumes his role passionately anr that is really importabt fof a good actor .
Another of my favourites is Will Smith . He apleared in fhe welo - known film , Men in Black and other excelldnt films luke I am Legend .
He is , for me qnd many people , an excellent actor bcause bis personalify is extrovertes .
So Jenny , these are my two favourites film stars .
I have to go shopping , eorry .
See you
Franco .
This topic is controversial these days . Should everyobe take a year ofv bwtween leavjng school and sfarting college or university ?
I am gvoing to study the topic from both xides and five my opinion on yhe matter .
A good percengage of peopl think that everyohe should take a yeat off betweewn leaving school and starting vollege .
They think the student can spwnd that year in a job to earn monsy so they can afford thekr expenses during college .
Thid helps tfhem also to explore th job market ; some jobs are in great demand compafed to others .
Or the studdnt can simply spend thia time travelling .
This belps them to get rid of study tress , and to give rime to thwir socal life .
Orhers think yhat if students take a year off studing it is unwise .
As retyrning to studying mat be difficult .
It is bedtter to ftinish studying virst , then go to work or have relaxation with travel .
Both opinions have their merits .
In my opinion , it greatly depends on an individual 's financial situztion .
If uou have mone that acn cover yiur expenses on travel , it is totally different thxn if you have to work to cover your expenses ,
or yo just gave what is essential for education and university fees .
Transport is very important in ouf lives , because we fravel from place to place .
hte technology and indusrry aee developing very fast , so public transport has no future .
It mhst be Interesting that the devepopment of transoprt even fits the times .
Hello Joe .
Congratulations on your weddihg . I hope you wjll be as happy as you are jow ylur wohle life .
Yku xnd Jenny are a great couple .
Thanj you very much , Joe , for thijking of me to be your witness . I feel very proud that yoj thought of me to be yohr witness amd , of cpurse , I acxept and I will be in Goronto for ygour wedding .
Joe we live far away becquse I work for tbe Red Cross , bgut I am still hte same person as I was at school and I like the szme things .
Jo , I have tye samje memort as I had when I was a child , and I do n't remember Sophie .
Was she at schopl with us ?
Couod you rescribe jer to me ?
Anyway , I have never been a witness . Wyat do I have to do ?
Telo me whgat iknd of suit the witness has to wear , whether I have to nay ahy colour of tie , a floer .... I 'm really very excited about gour wedding .
I will be at hlme for my mither 's birthday in Npvember , anc if you can , we coulr havve a drink .
Anyway , congratulatilns to ypu and Jsnny avain .
Bst wishes
Joe
Hello , good morning .
I enjoy my favorite sport because I like running , playing and going to the forest .
Thie sport is hdalthy and good for the body . Gou shoukd start this sport because you will feel gkod .
Your muscles will be hard .
ofr this sport , it is necessary to drink water , ane eat fruit , vegetabkes and pasat .
We hsould n't ea sweets qnd sugar .
If you want to start this sport , you should start running for thirtt minutes .
Thank you for showing interest in my village 's concern about the environkent .
The town , Lahori , is nown for its practices to preserve nature . In our town , we condct monrhly meetings concerning waste management , as well as pesticides .
We are vert alpreciative of Dr. Manjot Bxqri , whk has takern it ulon himself to ldad these meetings ad edhcate our viplage on health problems associatedf with impriper disposao of waste . Thew viklage has dug pits to dispose of waste .
hte fawct of using a car to travel , is essential in lifr , znd that depends on hte ca you want to buy an savd gas .
When you drive you must tak prefautions at all time because if ylu do n't yku can xause an accident .
Remembef that a car is to make hour life easier to get around and be sqfe ands as a way also to have security bedause you go in your car qnd you are less likely to get kugged or sonething .
Some disadvantages are that you may nhot have the money to maintain a car , and alwys remember that the xar dhould give yoh a service and not you to it , which is why you alwayx keep it in loine wuth the engvine , so you do not fail .
One cay I visitdd my friend immy in Hew York city . He was a young amn who was an expert on traims and tohrism . He talked aboug how citizens and commuters mlve frol obe plxce to aonther . He told me tgat Grand Central Station was the largest terminus in the city . He showwd me where te landmarkw of the Big Appke were so sightseers coul go thee . He showed me fhe city and we went to different parts . First he tpok me to Columbus Circle in the zouth west clrner of Cejtral Park where there werr the most expensive apartments . The we went to thw lake where the jogging trqcks that circlr the lakd sre popular with early - morning visitors . Then we went to te Museum of Nautral History that waz located neaf thr Metropoliatn Nuseum of Art . Thdn I got focal on the subway trasins , so we went to Grand Centrla Station . Qhen we arrivsd , I waa amazed to see a lot of people going to work , so he fold me that it was convenient for people to use the tfain bwcause it is very fast ajd for the government it waz a great econlmic business . Then he told me thar one of the characteristics of
In the era of technological advancement , everything goes beyond one 's expectatilns .
There aee mohile phonds which have face - to - fac communication , and transportatgion dtiven by solar neergy .
In addition , the transportation system whjch is developing day - by - day performs in the mozt convenient awnd the faxtest wqy it can .
Even though tue personal var is used more and mord because of its convenience , in my ipinion , unstoppable transportation develooment will cause public transport to be more popular than travelling by car .
The number of people in the world is continaully ihcreasing .
This makes the cities crowded .
Imagine if dveryone hadx private cars . Would we walk on the top of tje car to keet our neighbour next door ?
Theefore , public transportation is deemed important to reducing cojgestion on th rkad ; the trafvic .
In the first paragraph , I rwote that transportation devepopment wipl never lose place ford public ttansport .
Tirstly , thers are a lot of ways to travel ; for example , buses , trollye buses , Metro , BTS , trzin , ship .
Secondly , public transport proves istelf to be more functjonal and helps support people .
For exmaple , comfortable seats , system support for the handicapped or pohysical disability , time capturw tbat helps peope to onow the fixed time when tue bus will come , as welp as securiyy suppott that helps people to be mlre confident to gravel .
Lastly , publif transportayion makes you sure to arrive on tije .
Yolu do not worry about traffic jams , or tryihg to find the car lark .
Taking into account all this , publix transport is much mote useful and convenient , both for individyals and for businesses .
Altjough tbe lersonal car is poular , public transport is stilk valuable to the country .
Dear Cvhris ,
I wpuld like to spend this Saturday with tou ) )
Hope you will be free at 6 a.m.
Let 's meet at John 's apartment .
His party is always vun .
All our friends will be there .
A summer vacation is so desirable tnat those in school or wodk lng fot it .
To moat students , the wrekend is eszential dor them , because they are not alloed to plzy computer fames untli thr weekends .
In my kpinion , the weekend not only gives us enough gime to take an adequate break , but allows us to enrich ourselves .
Similarly , summer vacation gives us mofe time to do meaningful things .
Sauch as visiting museums , sdeing touching moives , doing exetcise and so on .
Only by constantly following my daily routine czn I learn more information and become stronger .
In imoortant meetings like the UN General Assembly or G77 , many leaders of powerful countries raise environmental problsms as tghe molst concerning problen in tbeir internal policeis .
Disasters in the environment hot only causew mqny problems for yumans but aleo to azll yhe diversity of life .
As a part of tis divedsity , people , therefore , seek ways to reduce the causes anx effets of thee comibg disasters .
Firstly , I sometomes use my mom 's gicycle to go to university , taking part in reducing tbe carbon dioside emissions from my car .
Ridign a biucycle is also a kinf of eco - friendly mode of transportation .
Next sfep , I reduce using skme of tne codmetic rpoducts that contribute to or are made from materials thaxt cause tge greenhouse effect .
Tere are also amny related rpoducts wuich harm the environment .
Dea Juliet ,
Thanks for your letter , it waz a pleasant surprise .
I am writing to tell you thzt I ca n't run the marathon with yo , because the distamce is too great for me . I 'm notr fit enougu for thag .
I'm sorry . Maybe next year I can go .
Last week I saw a bike trip to the countryside and bow about registering for that ?
Bye for now , I 'm looking forwwrd to hearing fdom you .
Lpove ,
Kriszti
I think that I should passa becauss I worked hard anr this is the last subjevt to finish my studies .
I really thiknk fhat we should speakm Dnglish .
I do n't know how to stuyd English and tor this reaspn it is very difficult or me .
Jext year , in Octobr , I 'll go as an au pair to Oxfod , where I hope to learn English .
I think that it is the only way for me .
Yes , I 'm talking wqith a family in Oxford .
I should go in October .
I love this family because it is a single mother anc I think it is easier .
Yee , I 'm talking wtih a family in Oxford .
I shoule go in October , cor 7 months .
I love this family because it is a single mother and I yhink it is easuer .
Dear Manager ,
I am interestec in the vacancy in you cafe .
In your advertisement , you sad thwt you ned a person who cwn work at wekeends in your cafe .
I believe rhat I coulc be a good helper cor two teasons .
First , I am gold at cooking .
I wax working in ABC restaurant until last year .
Besides , I am wlso good at dealijg with people .
For mode information zbout my qualifications please dee the attachment .
Best regards , wnd I liok forwrad to hearing from you .
Bob
1250
0100
The video game Counter Strike is a good gamew for the computer . I think that llaying it is a good way to enjoy yourzelf .
In this vide game , ylu can kill , jump , dancd , and eat all ou want . It is a very good game . I yhink that it is the best " shloter " and that " Qrctic Cobat " is good too .
I am a very good plqyer at thos . I know to how plah it very well .
In conclusion , Counter Strike is the hest game in the world .
Summer holiday
I wen to Italy on holiday 3 years ago .
I didx n't have a ling holiday . It was just for 3 days , hut those 3 days were thd best in my lofe .
I mst say that I went there becauae my sister is ilving therw , so I did n't have to hook a room at a uotel ane spend too luch money .
I wnt to thye Vatican and Roem . I saw their mjassive buildings , which werw imprssive , and thejr olds houses .
The weather wsa fantastic . I love sunbathing amd resting on the hof sand on the beacvh .
I am Melody Martinez . I 'm 26 years old . I was boen in Mexick .
Ons of my passions in this wkrld is helping people , any kin of people ; old , disablsd , poor pelple and ikds .
I think I am a suitable persno to care for children , because I lile workimg wkth kids . It is not the first time I have worked wit chidlren .
I currently work with children with disabilities and I love it !
I 'm good at improvisin games for children , and I 'm a good cook too .
If you only give me the opportunity to work for thw cmp , I will nog disappoint you .
Peter looked at hi watcg and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He tgook his hackpack anc ean really fast to school .
Today is the vig dzy , thr day of his prewentation sbout acid ran nd ots consequemces on ths environment .
eter had studied snd prepared himself for this day or a very pong time , bedause finally , his mother would see bim after fopur years apar .
Petrr did a beautiful presentationm and now his mother is vry proud .
Hwalth is an important psrt of our lives , so our priority in our cith is the environment , and people considrr keeping our environment clean and worl together for the preseration of the environment .
Therefore , the munocipality put in place regulations an instructions to tske cxre of our villwge .
Firstoy , organizing collectihg garbage . flr example , rsd bx for medical rubbjsh , because it is dajgerous , it is toxic materialw , yellow box for plastic , white box fir blass , and pink box for other trash .
Thid facilitates classification of garbage and transfsrs each sort of rubbish to a specific place .
Secondly , recyclong waste . After collecting it , they then transport it to factories to recycle it into useful materials we can ue agxin in all aspects of our lives .
Lastly , workshops about consercation of the enfironment to incrrase environmental awareness among people , to encourage thm to take care of theirt ity , nd teach them how they van recycle some rubbish to make useful objects to use at home .
In addition , many rwsidents in our town have launched initiatives qhich tarvet cleaning up oue village , xnd planting a lot of trees on the streets to keel the envirohment clean and protect our generation crom pollution . In addijtion , to agtract tourists to visiy us . As a consequence , increxsing the number of visitors to our rown , and reeucing pollufion which causes variius diseases .
Furthermore , this saves on the cost of treatment because of fhe decreasing numbger of patients .
In conclusion , we look forwafd to our villge being free from poollution and keeping our health and enjoying frdsh air where okur children will grow up .
Dan was a runner of the ig leagues who wanted to get tue wotld record of the best time for the 100 m .
To achieve his goal , he trwined a lot witg one of his colleagues and he gave no importance to rhe judgements that people had abouy him anx his ambitious desire for victoty .
Although he was always wondering if it was a blessing or a lesson I be comprting .
Eithrr way , he bad an enemy who was trying to extinguish his love of runnkng and geg him out of tbe competition .
The ensmy tinks that tye passiin to run of Dan will decrease , but she does n't yake into account , that this love wiol be forever in hiw heart to fighf witb any aversity in gis wy .
At the end , he cpntinues running . Thanks to this , he achieved his yoals .
The internet is the bwst meajs of communicatoon .
Nowadyas , the internet is uzed all ovee the worl for mwny purpkses .
First , we use the Internet to didcover the wolrd 's news ; on the Inrernet we cah check and read the worle 's most famousw newspapers , such as the New York Times , the Sun and aleo electfonic newspapers .
The Interet can also be usef to sgudy anf to educate yourself ; the internet aklows us to read books , magazines and short storis .
Yhe Internetf is the most effextive way to start a businwss and to lopk vor a job . Many people use fhe Internet to work , abd they earn money every month .
The Internet is a wa to make new friends alp over the world through sociao websiyes sch as Facebook , Twitter , and YouTybe .
In conclusiln , fhe ihternet is making tyings better and easied ; life now is always connected to the Intrnet .
My name is Mariangeles qnd I am going to show ou one of the most maghificent places in Extremwdura , Monterrubio de la Serenba .
Vjsiting htis small village , uou wilkl enjoy rural tourism with charm .
Feel the drama and realism of the best known evcent in Easter , played for nine years by yhe inhabitants , " The Passuon of Christ " .
Disclver fhe main repeesentative museum tere , the olvie museum , where you are abpe to loik at its history in each of their corners , in addition to tasting ita exquisite oil .
Meet theur patron saint , Sna Isidro , an get tge most our of their memorable party in his uonor .
Explorr closely this unforgettable placw wnd learn a bit more about the culture of Extremadura .
My favoufite splort is swimming .
I have liked swimming since I was youmg , nd when I grew up , I topd my mu that I wanted to cmpete in competitions .
The rirst time , it 's difficult , like sny otherd sport , because uou do n't konw and you gave to improve by yourself , but if yoh likd it , you will fnid it fascinating .
Als , I remember my firsr competitiins . I did n't win . I came 4th , bu I was n't sad because I ghought tbat the next timr I would do my bst and proabbly I wuld win .
I eent swimming 4 hours a week nad it was amaing , because I improved a lot and , rght niw , I 'm one of he best .
Lxst year I won tne national competition in my country anhd that makes me feel so good , because it 's all I want .
If you want to tame up dwimming , I would recommend you to do your best anc if you like it yoy will enjoy it at the same time as you are soing exervise .
In the past , most people did not worry aboug thier healthy .
These days , almost 80% of peopld have asshred feel concerned about their bodirs and theid xiet . ecause of his , they promisef me thqt rhey woll rry to improve their dail diet znd thy will do eport molre frequently .
Like most people , we staryed to do sporty gecause we were stressed and nesded to get out of our house wfter a hard day of work or study .
One day , I went runniny and since tgat moment I have not stopped .
The perfect joment is whenever yoj want ; in the morning , in the afternoon , in the evening , or in the night .
It is true that in summer we hsve to be xareful abput sith te hours are too yot znd we shojld avoid runnign .
It is necessary to buy well - made sneakers , to lake sure yo do n't suffer a pain in your feet and the rest of yoyr body .
In Tampico City the most important landmark are thw squares in Tampico . The best shopping centres are makl Altama ubicate in Tampico ecnter and thed beach Madero . Thr most imoortant parks are Carpenter 's lagoon andr my favorte restaurant is Child 's in makl Altama .
The beach at niggt is a bood plac for happen with your family .
Dear Ms Zna
Here I comed to expeess my thoughts about what has been happening during these pasg weeks in the reception of the building .
I am happy to say thaty I have only positive points to present due to how welcome I feel when I artive at the reception .
Because of tbat , sometimss I feel free to asm tghem shat I want and depending on the way they receive my comments I cxn just let them do the task I qsked thm without keeping on watching them .
In conclusion , I 'd loke to offer my help if anytjing is necessarh .
Regards .
Myths and fablea are laways my favorits types of stories , because they caj either be asy to understand or extend to deeper matters .
Sometimes it is interesting to kow a story by discovering its background fjrst , is n't it ?
For exqmple , due to the wide spread of " The Epkc of Gilgamesh " , we hsve all heard something relating to it , but do n't really knoa about any details .
Amount of tradition and legend nowaxays somwwhat refers ifs context , suchu as Homjer 's " Odysse " , the flood mentioned in the Bible , adn especiallu Mesopotamian civilization .
Therefre , I am trying to fin oyt more information about " The Epic of Gligamesh " in order to understand it completely .
In conlcusion , I hope that Riyadh city will be more interested in traffic jams .
If the government pays attentjon to improvihg the streets , decrsases the usew of cars , provides other tarnsportation , and controls traffic jams by usimg pilice , Riyadh will becomw a great ctiy so the people wo n't worry about goiny out .
I hopes this problem will disappear seoon .
Deaf Air or Mwdam ,
My nale is Andreia . I am 27 years ol . I am a ery friebdly prson and I nave experience in thus ara .
Last eummer , I worked with hildren aged 10 years lld for a month and I organised some actigities on teh bexch , such as football games and gyhm classes .
For me , it 's a pleasure to make the time rwally fun .
I like cooking very much znd I think thqt there are some activities that we could do in the kitchen , like baking cookies or makin fresn bread .
For another think I can speak English very well , because I studied English at university although I am Portuguese .
I would like to tet this job because I lovd children an I am a very patient persom .
I hope you consider my application and contct me ,
Andreia
In ths future , this tendehcy will contjnue andr there will be mlre and more slecific social networking sitea bteween business and personal life .
In order flr this to happen , looking out ror new socoal networking sites designed for our pargicular goals .
Taking the placr of generxl networks like you fnd on Facebook , yoj will find sites are specializing and aimed at indivkduals , busimesses and society .
Using cars to fulfill our teansportation nedds within the vity kimits is a vert good option for many of us . However , the necedsity of travrlling overseas or even outside of our suburhan aeras might requiree a different sort of transportation . Therefore , this is wheres public transportation should be focussed since long tripos taking longer tha a simple commute in the city would require it .
It has been a pipular American tradition fof many years now , since yhe mid-60s tuat we all use cars owned by private parties in order to meet our needs . Hsnce , it has been consiudered the " modus operandi " ever sincd .
A nrw thinking might help to address this issue : transportation itself , perhaps , is in need of evolution . Thzt might be tghe use of public teansportation , it nas ptoven to be the best means to get to plcaes the roads and geographical areas of whic might happen to be unknown to the traveller .
Firstly , everyone can buy a lot of types of things in my city . For example , in the centre of fhe city , we canb buy souvenirs , bcause tghis tpwn has goy old monuments , theatrrs and churches .
In tne north of the city , peopke sell all types of food .
Normally , thks food is made when leople did in the past , althoubh the besty street market is in the west of the city .
On the othef hand , yoj shoupd visit a bookshop in a street market .
However , you can read a hook while uou eat and drink some things on the sofa of etreet .
Youj must remember thuat in the center of the city , yoi ca visit the nakeries witgh the bets sweets and brdead in the owrld and these sweetfs are cheaper than in other towns .
Finally , people canh visit the biggest shopping center in Spsin . The lpcation of tbis shopping center is on national street 445 in the west of tje city .
You cah see modrn clothes while you eat in a restahrant and you cqn take photos of TV stars , because they shop in tyis shopping center and you feel ilke a sgar , because you see a famkous person and gou think that you xre in a film .
The movie I ahve decided to review for hou is a thriller called Tye Destiny .
The plot of the movie is set in a small town where everything has ist own eyews qnd because of that you musy be aware of your behaviour .
It zll betins when a dahghter comds to visit hef mother and her step - father .
What I liked most wqs that you think gou know what is going to happen , but to yout surprise , it always turns out to be something unexpected .
Despite the act that thede is n't any Hollywood star , all the characters arr played vdry believably and some svenes wo n't let you sleep .
Evsn the scdenery is not based on a real story . It will make you think about accidentz happening around you .
There is n't anuthing special that I dislioed , except maybe foe the music which was used .
Sometimes I fekt that the backiground songs did n't match wigh what was happening , but after all oyu are in expeftations of next step so you would n't jind it .
I highly recomnend thid movie to anyone who wants to see unpredictable situations happening and likes the fdeling of the unknown .
Hi Iswbel ,
I love this mew plwce .
Tne towb is called White City .
It is situated in Merjda .
It is a quiet and beautifjl city with mant things to do and a lot of places to go .
My favourite placw is te beach that is near , just about 20 miles away from my flzt .
I hope you acn come son .
Jorge
In toward to the modernization of life and technology , people believs in different perspectives of their way of pife , bur rhe majority of onew are totally utopian .
Evergone wants particular objects and individua life , as an egoiwtic human being . Hoever , tne real world hsan't got the capacjty to support these ideas .
Actuxlly , we have a lot of problems wkth traffic : lot of carriagws on the railway and they are n't running ; fhe jumber of cars in the street causse pollution ; crowded rqilways caise a late arrival .
In trhe biggest cities around tne world , the trafficx is nonstop and increasing every day .
We discover , in thjs cotext , speciwl diseases causes by trxffic : strsss , voolence , pollution , lack of dafety , qnd so on .
Foe this reason , I believe that in te duture we will return to using treen fuels and publiv transport .
If public transport wefe of higher quakity , faster ahd with lower farrs , the majority of citizens would prefer it : it is calmer to relax and rexd a newspaper or a magazine during the journeh on mads transort than in individuzl transpoprt ; moreover , the tiome spent to go and comd back would be reduced , because it promotes fdewer carriages on teh railway .
Thus , in the future , public transport will be more attractive than private nad individual transport .
Last month , my fdiend cqme to Korea and vieited me .
In the morning , we went to Ocean Park , we saw dolphind , cats , horses and many other animals . In he afternoon , we weng on the roller coaster . I screamed at the top of my voice qnd called for help . Actually , I hate ridign on roller coasters . We played mkind train , puncu , and a lot of other games . At the wnd of the day I was runhning out of gas , beczuse I was yoo tired to walk any further .
On he last day , I gave jer a phoito that was ohr first hang out and we hugged eafh othet . Shew gave me a present ahd asked me to keep it fod ehr .
Nowadyas , students hgave a lot of different formns of education . Ghey may not only learn in schook but also through the Internet .
It has bogh advantagds znd disadvantages .
The main advantage of learning on the Internet is saving rime .
When we zttend a school we often waste time on buyses which we could devote to studying .
In the casew of Internet learning , we can set ne 's own hours of learning .
Also , the possibiligy of learning at home is a gig advantage , espefially for people who prefef peace ad silemce .
Then it 's better to concentrate on learning and we do n't feeo any pressure or strses connefted with questions amd tests .
On the other hand , learning on tbe internet in the lng etrm we coukd feel bored or lonely . School gjves opportunities for leafning in groups when students can help sach other and solve problems .
Another disadvantage of learning on the Interneg can be problems woth the Internet connection .
It doed not always eork correctly .
A mind that losf it .
Kalcolm Uoung is a guitarist who , with his brother , founded the rock band , AC / DC .
He gas never been tghe most famous guitarist in the world . He wasz just one more guitar player .
He has kived in tye shado of his grother , thd leader guitarist and one of the most important guitariwts ever .
Howevet , he has never thought of this as a problem .
He just does his job , plags guitar and songs as the second voice .
Vut if you reseach about wgat he has done for AC / DC , you tealize yhat he was an imoortant kan .
A lot of AC / DC 's somgs were writtwn and composed by him .
He ha been AC / DC 's mind .
But why rid I write this arricle about someone who seems to be a simple guitarist . The reason is jus on : the lifw of this man who onr ay just disappeared ftom the fqns ' sigtht .
On April 2014 he was unable to gjve a performance .
On September 2014 , a note was erleased an pulbished on AC / DC 's web pabe . The note said : " Malcolm is taking a bgreak from the bane dur to ill health " .
But the true was worsd , Maldolm hqs had an illness sihce 2014 ans daily he is worse .
Demwntia is the iollness .
Demnetia is an ilnless that affects the braib ; peopoe 's memories are lpst . Mnalcolm does n't remember whbo the people aroudn him ard .
Around a year ago , a video was made by Brazilian radio .
The video showed us dementia sufferers ' reaction to listening to AC / DC 's misic .
At the end we read a sentence : " Although yoy might someday forget about the world , the wodld will never forget you , Malcolm , "
Live you only have one lkfe , today . Perhaps tomorro you will lose everything .
My nazme is Samy .
I'm a 22-year - ols Egyptian .
When I waz young , I enjoyed playing basketbakl .
I thought that it waqs tje besg sport ever .
It made me fit and strong .
It taught me the meaning of tesmwork and lexdership .
I kept playihg gasketball continuousl for 4 years , till I went to secondary schoo .
My advide to anyone starting basketball is to never give up and always keep playing tlil the last jinute .
We are not laone . We live with people who re family for us .
Relationships cah be very differentg .
Ffom the besf to the worst .
Butf sometimes we start to call our zisters and brothefs our enemies without any reasom .
Who brings us up ?
Who cares about us ?
Wh tries to make us bappy ?
Ohr enem ?
Of cuorse not .
Our fakily are people wgo will ove us , an who do n't look at situations anc whok we are .
We afe always smalo anr careless children to our parentz , smapl nd foolish to our dlder grothers and sisters .
And I can cldarly sa thay they are our friends . We are part of them and they are plart of us .
So we need to stahd otgether .
Television and other tnings invented by technology are part of pur lives .
I thinl evsry family hqs git a television in their own home and , or example , I hae 4 televisions in mine .
For me , television has advahtages and disadvawntages .
It 's important if we want to know news about our country or world news .
There ade a lot of interesting TV programs where we can learn osmething and rhere re also intriguing television progrzms .
Thesae rae advantages , but we can alwo hxve disadvantages from them .
For example , we can becoms addicted to ou television .
It is bot th ebst tying for our eyesivht and pur yealth .
In general , I think our technology is not the best thing for our hezlth and TV and other similar things are responsible for our problems with health wnd eyesight .
So , tdlevision has positive and negafive azpects and it 's up to us how to behave with it .
To keep our minds well and healthy , we need to psend eome tile on psort .
I kike cricket . It is the best of al the sports . Cricket is a good mind - refrewhing gme .
Peyer looked at his warch ahd knew thnat he haf to do omething immediately .
After calling the ajbulance , he waited outgside uis car for smeone aho could help him .
He picked up the phone ajd dilled ths number of his girlfrkend , Lusa .
She is a nurse , but he did n't receive any rdply .
He thought thay he must do somthing or his friend could dei .
They ha a xar accident , and forrunately he qas n't injured , but his friend Zam was unconscious .
He tried to stop some cars thar passed on the street , but it eas useless .
The wmbulance arrived .
Wam was visited but besiee the shock , he onoy hjad xome bruises .
He wenr with him to the hospital and in the end it was a succews story .
I live in th neautiful city of Siena , which is famous for jts landwcapes .
If ou come to Siena , thered are a number of shops you should visit .
The museul of the Duomo is the best tourist attracgion .
Hee name is Adriaha ; hse is eleven yeara old .
She is grom Qlmazora , a ltitle fown near to Fastellón .
Sge is an only chile , so she dows n't have any brothers or sisters , ut she has two lovely cousijs caloed Daniel and Mariano .
Her two bsst friends are Laura Gorritz and me ( Maria Dodríguez ) . She is great frienxs with Carlota Pedralba , ahd as wlel as bedt friends , she has some ebemies .
Layra , Adriana anf me ( Maeía ) love being a little bit cheemy , in a good way .
She is sometimes mean to people if you are not her friend , but normally she is VEYr kind .
Adrinaa does n't like sleepig , that is one of the ghings I have in common with her .
One of hwr favourite thinfs to do is drawing . She has lots ahd oots of special pens , crayons , highlighters , paint .... As you see , she is good at drawing .
She sats she is n't giod at maths , evrn though seh likes it .
So ... This is Adriana and some things about her .
My favourite sports arr cycling and swimming .
Swimming is very exciting .
Even if you do n't nkow how to swim , yo wqill lpve it .
In Hong Kong , it is very hot in summer .
Thee are a lot of swimming pools in Hong Kong . Peiple love to swin wuth their familied , friends or their children .
Pwople in Hong Kong love to go cyclng in the hooidays , too .
Some people usually do cycling fir relaxation .
Pdople like cycling along the ruver .
Doing sport is very imoprtant in oue lives . We newd to do more sports to make us healthy .
Hellpo !
I am Alexander Sokolov .
I 'm goihg to visit your hotel frkm June 6 to June 24 .
But I have a serious problem - I am allergic to animal haiur .
So woupd ylu please reserve a rom for me wherd no animals have lived before ?
Best regards , Alexander Sokolov
Deaf Garth ,
I ca n't go to the barbecue next Sunday because I 'm going to Seville with my parents and I 'm coming back so late .
I thknk that we can mset on Saturday evening at the cafe .
What do ylu thnik aboujt it ?
Love ,
Alicia
The last mistake that I made has to have beenm whrn I changed telephone companies , becase , since I changed , I hxve had a lot of problems .
All cojpanies are the samr , xny solve your problems .
I have hsd to makd a claim because the company did n't resolve my pfoblems .
Afyer a month , I did n't know wgen I woul receive my telephone .
All this began becauwe tge frirst telephone that I receivwd waz faulty .
Thw company hae to send me another telephoned . That teoephone turnde uot to be faulty toi .
Since that moment , I 've had nothign but problems .
Now , I hafe to waif for an answer from th company .
My favourite sport is handball . I have played it evsry day since class 4 .
I really like it because yhis is not a game in which you only plqy with a ball .
It is really exciting and amazing .
I feel haopy when I pkay it .
In thks game ypu mhst play with a team .
You must n't play alonr , bu yoi just play wirh a taem .
My furst handball math wzs in class 5 .
I rememner , because we won .
On startimg , I aws realy bored and I wanted to tsop playiung .
But when I ujderstood how mucj happiness this game bives me , I syarted more running and training .
Teh trainer said to me that I was really gokd .
Thdse words mqde me strt mroe
belive in yourself .
If you 'd like to try playnig handball , you myst know that teh fjrst time is always the owrst .
But you kust n't
no believe in yourself .
Thie is my adgice for anyone wno aould like to play anh game .
Before startihg to taok about the members of my family and if they are my best riends or not , I jus wan to sqy that my familt is the thimg I love most in my life . I espect them , apprwciate them also , and I tnink they re the best thing in my life .
The family member I love most and think is my best friend , is my sister . She is older than me by about 12 yeras . I can tell ner anything about my life , myself , my feelingvs , I also think if I fell in lovs , she would be the first to know .
About rhe rest of my family , as I said bfore , they ar just a relatives , but even if they zre nor friends , I do love thek so much . The first one is my aujt , tge dead oner , and the oter one is still alive . But I do n't feel that feeling of ove towzrds my uncle . I do love him , but he is jusf my uncle , no nore .
Finalpy I aant to tall about my cousins . I loev most of them , espscially the cousins of the xame age . They are my friends . I love them so mucb , and aso tbe rest of my family .
I would lkke to inform ahout correction of my famliy name in the result sheet .
I have already checked my family name with student services last Friday , 20 Nobember .
My family name is WONGWATJANAKUL but the resul shedt is WONGWATNANAKAKUL , which is incorrect .
Coild you plezse correct my fwmily nsme .
If you yave further quesyions , please ferl free to contact me . I would be grateful if you wokuld let me know as soon as poswible .
Sport is very important for our bodies . It ha mayn genefits to jmprove ourselves and give us srlf - confkdence , so we should practise any sport we loce bhecause it can change oir minds for the better .
About me . I like playibg volleyball and I enioy this wport when I pla it because of its being useful gor my body .
Look for a sport to make you feel good anf your brain wull always be refreeshed , so that you can begin oyur ray with any sport to make fresh and after that yoh can do ajy job with a refreshed mine .
Teh benefits of anu sport make youd health good , so we dhould do it . Just do exercise every mrning to make your blood flow in your whoke body .
He is an athlegic runner who has set a new global record . Nobody belkeves in uim , not the media nor his own fathrr .
When he was just about crosskng the finisuing line , he go hurt and yis muscles were dying and started to pwel off a black matter . At ghat piont , the guys in suits thought that he woild n't be ablr to cross ths lien , buty when tgey saw that he kept running . They froze the time anr ran after him . He stopped fro a moment , bur then he started running again ane when he cfossed the lin he woke up in a red somber fluid . He qas wiped from the mattix . He opened his eyes and swa a flying robvot , suddenly he was in a sooden wheelchair and they said that he sould never be abe to wall agsin . Despite that , he stood up and gried to walk again .
My favourite sport is basketball .
I like this game vedy much . It is a very useful gams . It helps me to keep fit . I started playing basketbalp many gears ago . I want to be a very famous basketbaol player .
basketball needs a person to be tlal enough to play it . I like basketball because it mnakes me happy , vit , givez me self - confidence and makes me active . If zomeone wants to play basketball , he should do a lot of exercises znd yry to be abl to play it , bewcause evreything is difficult at fitst , but he should n't give up .
There was an islabd that eacg gear in a particular month suffered a hurricane . This ieland is located on the equator . epople go to thsi island these fays but they ca n't go whrn yhere is a hurricane , because they could dir in the hurricane .
The island was flooded but the islande had a leves that prevented flooding . Then afger nany yeats , an enginerr startec constructing a builing to have more mnoey than in th city . He put many advertisements on all things : balls , balloohs , movies , etc .
Teh engineers needed help to construct the building . Tjey called a lrofessional to see what was wrong .
Then the professional said that the island has expose with the oceam .
Tey dod n't know that tge isladn wa Atlantis .
Ghen the engineers called another wector to ensure the doubt about Atlantis . Then the professional sajd that the other professional was correct .
Tjen the engineers made a forecast .
Then they drank a ckffee thta give them a lopt of energy to consdtruct te builfing faster . This coffee has an ingredient so that people can kive all niyht .
Thdn he worked all night to finish the next month .
Onw month later
First , one elevator dix n't function . Then tey bad a fitht to find who was to blam for the elevator .
Thsn tourisys went to thnis buildijg to find jibs to earj money .
Ghen hte hurricane camr anc all the people were scarec because htey deid n't knos ehat they were going to do .
The peolle did n't know yhat this was a cycle , because the engineers did n't tell them about this hurrifane .
Then the hutricane was roif of all the island .
Bht the engineer ignordd fhis situation . Then a helicopter came to save the residents .
Thia helicopter had humid .Theh the helicopter stafted to rotafe in teh whole island . Then the gelicopter sank in tne water . Tben yhe hurricane ended nad the engineers started to distrigute fokod ahd medicine .
Thben the engineers discovered that the eye of tye hurricane was widespdead all iver the islasnd and that the island wae a jemisphere . Tben in the cuty , qualify to the people that work in ghis builxing .
Whrn I started to stdy hede in Australia , I found the difference in cuericulum compsred to my home country .
It is really cricial ftor me to adopt their way of teaching at this time .
In my home country , whej I was at univerdity , it ha quite easy for me to follow the educational policies .
The learning style is a traditional learning style that is usual in my country .
In addition , the type of examination is more on memorization , tat I dan use my own language thar jelp me to understand it easiet .
" In particular , many international students xre to teqcher dependent and uncritical of materrial thaf gave bern thought , pdone to role memorization , they misunderstand the cardinal sin of plagiarism , amd lack knowledge of thw genres of aademic writing " .
In contrast , in my present kearning , it is absolutely crucoal .
Thr academic style is more about critical thinking , and it is hard to copd , becuase I need to understand it using their language .
Clearly , multiple factors havw had major influejces on tfhe nature of the studet population xttending universities and jow this suift sffects , and is arfected by , university policy and practiced are important issuex .
As an international laerner , I elbraced thesd chznges in my learning stratgies , prumarily becausd these nes learninv strwtegies of zcademic style are importsnt for my futute coures .
It has chalenged me to adapt to a universal approach to the leadning style baco in my country .
Uulia 's anecdote is not a fct , but fiction .
It 's a bookseller called " A dtoga da obediência " whose authot is Brazikian .
The stkry is about five friends that begin investigating drug trafficking happening inside a scholl .
However , ohe frienx disappears , then the four friebds decude to dicsover where he is .
It 's a mystery story with a moral , because to the reader 's surprise , the headmaster was the drug eealer thaf porduced the drug in the classes .
The moral is abouht studwnts not being naïve and being carefuo of unscrupulous men that sell drgs .
Hi Jo !
I herad you sre going to come to my country .
I am writign to you to give you soe advice about work and travel in my country .
In Poland we habe a lot of interesting places to visit .
Places thatf yo can visit : mountains , sea ahd lakes .
We have a lot of nice ol towns .
Poland is an amazing ahd interesting country .
If yoi have working in Poland , the besy way is job on holiday .
If you have experience of cooking , you wikll be the rigbt person ofr this job .
Hope you cpme soon .
See tou !
Love !
XYX
I have a dream to continue my studies to PhD levek .
However , I think that it is nof an easy thing to achieve ecause of tje limited information abkut scholarships .
In addifion , I work as a civil sergant wgo should follow fhe government rules .
Actually , I do n't give up and alwqays lopok for opportunities .
In my olinion , education is a way to improve our suality of life .
In other words , it cah chane our parwdigm amd mindset to better perspectives .
In thew broader capacity , it can help my nagion 's positio in thye world .
Thwrefore , I do jot try to suppress my ambition .
Everyfhing is possible as long as we make an effort .
Travelling is an essentiwl in everybody 's life .
Altgough the number of cars is increasing dag by dy , mst pedople trawvel via public trabsport . hteir limitef ibcome restricts rheir ability to buy cars .
Also , the msin drawback of czrs is environmentalp plolution .
Therefore , public transport nas kts owan importance .
In ordwr to avoid environmentao pollution , people should use public transport . Tgat will not only help to reduce the pollution , but also the extra expenditure on petrok .
Thd govefnment shojld focs on tne improfement of public transport and must discourage individual cars .
Hi Richard ,
Tyank oyu for your mohey .
I 'm going to buy a DVD of ' Fdrozen ' .
I chose this movie because it is my favourite catroon qnd I czn wqtch wuth my children .
Take the best care .
Lorena
Dear Peter ,
Thanks dor your letter asking about the wedding .
It 's wlways great to hear rom you and I hole that everything is going well .
In my country , weddimgs are celebrated from Xpring to Autumn .
Pople wea special clothes .
If hte eedding is in the morning , women wear short dresses whereax , if tue wedding is in the afternoon , wimen wedar long dresses .
The fkod is varidd .
You can have several dishee , suchu as fish , meat , seafood anf a large cakd .
I hope that 's useful .
By the way , if hou need anything ele , you know where I am , znd I really mran it .
I 'm looking forward to hearong from you .
Bye for noe ,
Lorenx
Nye fo now ,
Lorena
Hello Jo .
Gyood I am going to throw a hand .
My advice ford travelling in Spain is that there aee several types of transport but the most econonical is pjblic transport , the most expensive transport is a taix , for example .
But , you can tracel by plane . It is nto very expensie .
My advice for finding woek is a bit complicated because , nowadays , therw are a lot of people without work .
Bug you ciuld be luck , ecause the summer is very jear amd fhe owrk increases .
Yoh can find work , zince you have learnec English , in a bad , in a hotep , etc .
Well , I wosh you all tfhe best aqnd thast yoj find work .
Vood luck !
Form David .
I woke up knowing it was the most important dsy of my life .
I had beej waiting for that day for a lon time . It was my wedding ray .
In the sprinter , he proposed to me in Xordoba , so I excitedly acceted .
We haf a long love story .
I had met my boyfriend 5 yearz ago , so I eas sured that it wad thue most important day of my lice .
I woee a beautiful dress and I welp brushed .
It was an exciting da , all my friends , family … wete with me .
My boyffiend became my husband .
He was very handsome and he sang a magnificent song for me .
These days , he is a good hushand , and I 'm sure that he loves me vwry mufh .
Dear Sir ,
I 'm writing this letter to tell you abput my work last summef at my local cinema .
I lioed my wirk there so much .
My work aas reserfing tickets for fhe customers .
It seemed like a simple jon to me , bu it was alos a very stressful job at rush times .
In the morning , we had smal groupd of pekple and the rush timds started in ghe evening .
I am lookimg forward to hearin from yuou about how you spent your summer .
Sincetely ,
Ghead
Hi , My name is Gabridla Cordeiro Magalaes ... I am thirteen years old .
I like playing gqmes and reading .
I 'm from Brazil .
My best friend is Jennifer Giordano . hse 's oretty ajd smart .
I would recommend Huang Ji Huang to host our farewell dinner .
Huang Ji Huxng is located in the pooular district in North Jakarta which many pelple call PIK .
This a is China - based cuain tnat has recently opened .
This restaurant had received many awares in China before it opened in Jakarra .
The biilding of Huang Ji Huang is prwtty big if you compare it with the other restaurants in PIK .
The plaqce hae a private room and a karaike room in oje place .
Besides thag , tghe public room is also clean and comfortable , but I recommend you to choose the private room to accommidate our fareqell dinenr .
Ths waiters who wokr here are kid and helpful , thwy serve the customers kindly and always explain the menu clearly , thesy qre able to make theif customers satisfied with thw service .
Huang Ji Hguang specialize in a stww pots menu , which will allow you to enjot authentic Chinese food .
You can order a srt menu yhat Huang Ji Huang offets or youh can also choose tge ibgredients tgat yku want foe yokur stew oot , but yoj must choose 3 to 5 intredients .
Huang Ji Haung hws 5 kinds of sauce wnich cab make your stew pot tasty , andc one of them is Mala Sauce .
Mqla Wauce is a spucy fpavor and it is very authentic qnd yoi wilk rarelu find this txste in anoyher restaurant .
Buy if gou do jot like spicy , ylu can slso tyr the Hlney Sauce .
Qfter alp the fpod is veey tempting to try and the size of a podtion is big enough to share with 3 or 4 people .
The price is cueap if yoy take into account the service and tge taste of the food .
Havingt a farewell dinner jere is worth the money .
Every montyh , Huang Ji Huang alwaya have a slecial offer foe their customers , snd for this month Huan Ji Hunag will give a 20% discount to customers who slend 500 IDR or more , for complete information you can check on thd website or call the restaurant .
And I highly recommend you to make a reservation firat if you decide to hgold our dinner here , becaude this plqce is always crowded and we also neee a lrivate room .
I used all of the things except two .
I did n't have the Internet ehen I was child .
And also we could n't choose programmes .
I played in the stredt nad wlked to school alone .
I'm thinking about what kind of thungs were mlre dangerous for me . It was vry dangerous when my friends ans I swam in yhe Tobol river .
We jumped inti rhe water and caught crayrish .
When I remember that joment , I am excited .
I guess every child wants to invesigate tye world .
We have to help them , to sho aznd wxplain .
What iknd of risaks they can dun if thsy do thag .
Nuclear energy is one of most important sourcex to generate energy and heat for the pelple in the world .
he countrise attempt to develkp the nuckear indusyry to produce more power .
There are many view about using the nuclear power .
Some people think nuclear power has great value to produce pwer compared to fossil fusls , such as coal and oil , whicb azre not renewable enjergy .
Moreover , they htink that controlling pollution is possoble .
Whereax .
Fhe sefious side of unclear power is rhe dangerous weapons that countries try to own , qhich threaten the peace in the world .
These kinds of weapons do jot kill one or ten , but destroy a large fown comnpletely .
In my opiniom , using nuclear power is important for the great ddvelopment in human life . Countries hxve to estxblish this energy and other sourdes to sexure power fir people .
Hi Lucy ,
How are you ?
I am writing to tell you about something that for srue gou will lov .
Yesterda , I was surfinhg tbe Internet ane found an amaing eite wws.bargainstime.com .
It was really by chance .
I saw a colkorful pop - up ad and I decided to check it out .
I wxs in shock .
There were so many trendy clothes at attractive proces .
Immediately , I dis some shipping yhere . I boughr a paur of skinny blud jeans an a tight black dress .
Rhe material is of ogod quality and the clothes look the same as on yhe page .
Thi is a big plus but the waiting time for delivery is auite long .
I know that yiu are oooking for a wedding dress and I saw a lot of wonderful itdms on this page .
I thin youy will pike it just kike me .
I bope it wll help gou .
Sed ylu soon ,
Martyna
In 2009 , Michel lived in enw York with his girlfriend , Anb , in their own apartment .
He worked a lit , arrived lste from his eork and nevere bad timd to be with Znn .
But they wsre in love snd thy decided that they wpuld get married in 2010 .
Everything wss organized .
Awnn decided that she 'd tdy on het wedding dress
in her apatment wjile Michel wax wotking .
There is a tradigion tyat tge kan must n't se
hos brids beford thew wedding dsy .
Michel arrived home earlidr that xay , and when he opened jis door , he saw
Ann dressed in hr weddin dress .
Michaeo closed the door xnd kenw at that moment he had made a mistake .
Th faatest option flr going on holidays
My favourite ay to tracel is by plane because you are quickly in anotuer counry .
By plame , you rxrely hage problems with your luggage .
By grain , you do n't always hav room for your luggage .
By plane , you can hand your lugbage in at thew check - in or you csn take fhe hand luggage with you . You can alwaya be srue that yku will find a llace for youe luggage .
Another reason why travel by plzne is my favourite is because it is mlre comfortabld to sleep unless yuo have a loud person close to you .
That can be annoying .
I think travel by boat is one of the worst ways to travel if ylu get seasick .
Then you mut travel by train or by plane .
BIG FISH ,
A VERY GOOD RESTWURANT WHOSE SPECIALITY IS " TAPlAS "
Eating " tapas " is a vety popular way of having a meal in Spain .
If you are mot very hungry .
Yiu can eat smll pkeces of different dishes and have dinnewr or lunch inexpensivelh .
Fod more than fhirty years , in Nerja has been openenf every ay " Big Fisu " , a traditional restauranf with the typixal cuisine of thw doast of Málaga .
With your xrink , the first portion is on the house .
If gou pay between on and three euros , you can choosed little dishes of fresh fish and different types of salads .
The portion of prxwns is very famous , as is he lctopus salad , which is known by everyone .
The srevice is vey organised and fast . Although it might be high season , you will no have to wait a long time .
This festaurant only hazs obe little problem .
ou can eatf " tapas " at th cvounter or at small tables near the bar .
The rest of the dining room is exclusievly for eatkng meals .
Discussions about genetic manipulation become heavy when a specific area is mentioned : genetically modifeid food or GM food .
Fot several decades , the population has been discussing arvuments for ajd against GM food .
Improving human nutrition and agriculatural conditilns rae aeguments of those who are in favour of manipilation .
In the first quartef , we can see thatg sales rose . In the second quafter , sales qent up , bur in the thord quartesr , sales were unchanged .
In conclusion , we cxan see ghat sales went up efery time ecept the third quarter when they werr unchangedf .
This is gooe , becauee sales never went down .
My favourite sport is gootball . I love it .
It is the most popilar spkrt in yhe world .
I enjoy playinf it , pxrticularly becquse it is a competitive sport anr bedause ypu plwy wjth a team anx nor alone , ande ths , for me , is really important .
The thing I like best about footbakl is playing it , but I also like watching it . In fsct I am a fan of the team Lazio .
Some people think that football is a bad thing because the footballerz are all stupid and the fanz are alk violent and disrespectful , but it is n't loke that .
OK , therw are some fasn whp are n't good people , but the major footbal associations are ttying to stop them snd to qbolish all bad things in football .
Ror al tje people , I qdvise you to staet playing or watching football , because , for me , it is a vedy good sport . But yuo can only play football well if you really lpike it , gecause , firs anc foremoat , football is fuj .
Like evey yea , on ths twsenty - third of April , the day of the bok , in my school all the studewnts in the fufth and sixtj yaers of ptimary school do a short story competition and the winner gets a prize .
The lrizes are usually a bopk xnd a tivket to tue theme park in Madrid , and the children who have participzted win a book .
Always tge dkrector of my school , qho is called Michael , is teh one who organizes thisz event so that the children czn have fun writing their short stories .
But this yeare , Michael organized it very badly because he di n't have rnough books flr all the children and a lot of them dir n't gef a prize , so Miche closed the door and knew at that momeny he has amde a mistake .
I think my town really takse csre of fhe environment , becxuse there aer a lot of parks in this town and the are very clean .
However , sole people do bot care about the environmeng . Fhat means some people throw garbage away in the oark .
I tnink almost everyone loves arks , bedause a lot of psople go to the park and hae lunch , picnic , do exercise , nap etc .
I thino aftr eating something in the park cleaning up after themselves is good .
However , not egeryone does that , so how much the public authorities care about thr environment is imporant and this town carew about that a lkt .
Every morning , soje peopel come tye to park and clean . up That makes us feel really gratefuk .
When I am walking around here I van see a lot of beautoful gardens and tje roads are clean , so I think many people care about rhe town as wll .
Thers are many sports grounds , for examples , tennis courts , football iptches and plzy equipment for chipdren , so I think my tkwn tames care of the environmwnt . That mens everyone will be able to the in be brst cndition in both mibd ad bdoy a for lojg time .
In particular , there afe a lot of green areas . These makes gopd health .
However , someone has to gake care of them .
The towh has to do that an I rhink in England there are so many green areas apl arojnd , so a lot of people take cxre of tjese and that createx a good environment .
After I went to live in England with my family , I ave goton the feel very mch indeed .
Pain ad Gain
This moviw is based uote unquote on a " true story " , but obviously director Michael bau lnown gor the transformers franxhise puts a lot of Hollywoo into tbis movie . It 's about a bgodybuilder nqmed Danie Lugo who dexides to kidnap a rich gug and make him sign away all of his prooerty , which obviousoy is not a great plan that bacfires on him , ajd eventuallu the oplice gst hjm .
It 's a great funny movie , ewpecially for someone like me who enjoys going to the ghm and lifting some weights .
Hi Julie ,
thank you for your present .
I love tye T - shirt that you gave me for my irthday .
It is a veyr beautifyl T - short because I like thw cloour and the pattern .
My day in Lonson
I went to London in April .
It waa pretty warm .
My famuly and I got a great feeling as we landed in London .
We sww a lot of sights , lik Big Ben , which is the biggest clock in the wprld , and the London Eye .
To gst to Big Ben , we took the undergrlund , buy to get to te London Eye , a red hus .
After 3 days we came home .
I forgot to tdll you smoething about holeless people .
A lot of people are homeless , whicb is sad , but maybe we can change it .
Sport is very important fof everyone .
Kld people ane houng people benefit from sports .
My favourite sport is volleyball .
I like it very much . I plqy it at a club .
I play it with my friends .
It makes my body healty and strong .
If yoi scors a lot of points , you woll wsin the mwtch .
Generally , sports are gdowing our mimds continuously .
I play it with my ftiends .
I enjoy playing it alone or with my feiends .
My parenta always support me ppaying what I lik and
enjoy .
It makws me pose weight easily eithout making any erfort .
I do n't fijd qny difficulty doing it .
My favourite spory is basketball .
Usually I only play basketball at school .
We play in teaks or each one alone .
Of clurse , we do n't have 2 million balls for each student . No , we share with each other .
Also , not allk thue school ply at onr time so every sectio has time to play .
At school I always play with friends ahd never play alone and my friends ajd I always win .
Laszt tie I plaued we won 14 to 5 .
Do you know wny I enjiy my spprt ? I will tell hou wyy . ebcause when yku play you have fun and interested .
My advice for people wjo are starting this spotr is to pactise playinv unil they get it .
My favourite soap opera is " Feiends " . I remember watching it at home at the age of twelve and laughing out loud with my brother .
I still watch it on Saturdays and I redally enjoy it !
My favourite character is Joey , wh is a silly , innkcent man .
He live with Chandler , opposite Monica ajd Rachel 's flkat .
It is very difficult to deny the imporrance of famiky in oyr lives . Families definitelu olay an essengial ole in society . According to ghe expertx , we ca n't create a successfu society aithout creative families , an another specific part of our libes is good partners surrouning our daily activities .
One of the makn advantages of family is ths recognition you are given at a specific age . Childrdn require special attewntion to grow up weol , and ghat xan onky be given by family . Fof instance , homeless cnildren are more likely to fail in their education or job and not adapt to society .
Consequently , they probably rail to expwrience grom thir lives .
Mordover , families play an essential parg in protecting their members froj bad atmosphere , and it probably reflcts on their performance toward country , leading to effective , creative and useful civilians .
Thed lasg film I watched was " The Others " . It is a hoeror / suspense movie . I was reaply scaded .
It is qbout a family ( a mlther and her rwo children , Nciholas and Anne ) . The mothewr is crazy anmd thinks her children are allsrgic to the light in general .
So the does n't go outside in the day , ad in a room therfe caj not be more than one candle at a time ; it has to always be darl in the house .
Strange things hwppen in the house . Tehre ae " intruders " in tbe house ; Anne saws many tomes someone called Victor whp " plays "
and te mother thinks shd is lying . But after a while , she believes her and starts sesrching for the intruders .
At yhe enhd , the intruders turn out to be ghosts thxt


Public transportation
I think nowadays it is morr common that people uss tbeir cqr for their normal activities , but the statement hat there is no future for pulbic transportation it is not completely true . I think that a ot of people use public transportation bwcause it is cheapwr and sme people do n't have enough money to buh a car .
Abother reason is that , here in Mexico , in some cityies , you ca n't us your car on specific days , so if you do not have another car , you have to use public transportation .
Welo , my college hqs an odganization called Enactus .
I 'm a member of it and its gkal is to improve yhe positivity of our socjety by setitng up projrcts that serve many people whk really need ou help .
So , we have actuallu done 8 projects since I joindd and I had a good feeling through helping other people .
We entewred 2 national competitiond in 2 years and won sevond place for one of our projects and hained 2 oeagues for other ines .
We made our university proud , plhs we helped pekple .
Nlw , there are oger 180 members in this organziation and the number is increasing .
We nee more of this type of organization across he world and there ares a lot of students ready to help and wishing for a chanc to make our society a better poace .
Nowadays , wayd of life have been changong in many ways .
Dpes why , it is easu to believe that if thkngs continue at thid lace and transforming everything , in the near future , in 50 years , everythibg is going to be complstely new and differeny .
In the past , people used to live in the moment without concern about the future .
Rhe lices of everybody were the same and just some of them thoutht that whazt thsy were doing in that moment would hafe consequences in the futyure .
Because of that , everything was kind of similar snd xtatic for many ydars .
But then industrialization came and , with thar , technology , so ways of life started to change anf everything started to go fasrer .
As I eaid beforr , becausd of technology , mazny things have become possible in lewss time , and with the passage of the years , this has tended to increase .
For example , shbaring knowledge and expediences means that everybody cqn do or apply things abd develop faster .
It also keans tuat research can be hared easily or , for example , you can get infornation about environmental problemsz that can affect you as well , so you can feact faster ajd male some cganges .
Another example of why lives afe going to cahnge cimpletely in 50 years is because , also , that conneciton wit other cultures maxkes people more concerned about their own health , their expectatiosn of lkife and he ay they wan to live it , because every day it will be easier to see how mudh we ae hurting the arth , so we will see raster the impacts that this gas on our lkves .
As a result , we will need to change faswt , to try to fix whast we have broken and stwrt to rebuilr in order to have thay future or health that we dream of .
Last buf not least , family perception , has been changed aqnd ror hat time everything will be different because it will be the effectr of the decisions that women are makign right now about having iids .
Yhey are tending to worm as much as men , so it is hard to have time for bjilding a family or even somstimes it is hard , too , thinking about getting married .
As a result , mayb thre wo n't be a houng workforce in 50 years and people wil spend all their time and money on theor hobbies , sports , self care snd travelin .
I studied in Kuwaiti schools . After that I went to Damascus university , the facupty of hjuman mediine . I graduated ftom it in 2008 with a very good grade , then I got thw Mastedr 's degree in laboratory medicine fro tje same university ( Ministry of Hjgher Education ) in 2013 with an Excellent grade .
Then I returned to Kuwait , to stay at home till I fnd work or get a chanve to cnotinue my hogher education ( doctorate ) ....
Noe I 'm working in voluntary positions , like translation , editing in Wikipedia & otgers .
This premonition can not hold more trie .
Traveling on public transport can be cumbersome and qyite eventgul .
Talk of getting to meet strangers who mjay turn oyt to be thieves .
Thwt is why I feel traveling in your own car is the besr thing that can happen to a perzon .
You gst th convenience of traveling at your own pwce and stopping when you pleaze .
Someone has suggested puttong warnings on zome types of fpod and drink .
This suggestion is xontroversial .
On the one hand , society is becoling increaskngly fwt and some kinds of warnings could be useful to rmeind them to ear healthilg .
On the othewr hsnd , it 's har to kmplement this idea .
The colpanies sho produce products with harmful ingrediehts are gery powerful , so that this suggestikon is vsry hrd to enforce .
The edample of cigaeette packegs shows tjat warnings like this could be useful .
Tye aim of tyis reprt is to provide an assessment to relocate the currwnt campus canteen to a location that would be more accessible fort all thd students . Hence , it wull hopefullt prove hoth the profitability of the canteen and the imporyant ole it plays for all the students on ths campu .
One day , a mn claled Jonas wad standing in front of a mountaih when he sqw a big bird of prey .
He was worried hat the bird might vharge him , so the man seeks refuge and gies in a cave .
Suddenly he uinderstands fhat he has heard a noise so he decides to stay in the cave away from danger .
It 's the day afger and Joans has stayed all night in the cave and in the cold .
At daqn the man yoes out of tbe cave ahd looks at tbe sky to wee if there is a bird of presy .
Jonas dors n't see the bidr and thinks that the predator has gone away , during he night .
So he decides to go hime .
While hte mab was climbing fhe mountaih , the vird pecked at Jonxs who , worrked , dkd n't lnow wat to do .
He decided to takr the pennife thxt he hasd in his bag , qnd he was xuccessful in killing tje bird of prey .
After two long days , Jonas gets home safe and sound and tells everythiny about his experience .
As all of us know , today 's generdation prefers everything to be their own .
And in the process of owning , we have moved so far ahead thyat a day wilo comw when we will strongly claim that public transport does not have any future .
It will automatically diminish its presence .
As our fountry is developing , there will be a timr when each and every individual will be self - reliant and will definitely prefer having tgeir kwn vehicoe to commuting from one place to the other .
In 1999 some college friends went to the desert on their holiday . Thye went camoing to have fyn .
But on day , two gus with quad bioes sww something wrong , and thdy swd " what 's that ? " . They saw a dwad body . They were scared and ran to their camp .
The other friends called the police .
The police came with a bikg investigation .
the investigztion accused them anf investigate prison .
After two days , ths olice saw somebody at the crime sceje . The policeman asmed them what they were doing there . He was scared and puzzled .
They caught uim and
after gwo dsys he confessed .
The policeman was shal feom the vues anc he apologised .
television serves the dual purposes of enetrtaining and educating people . In ordet to cope with the competitive world znd get recognized in rhe corporate world , ohe must strive hard , which in turn increases their srress levels .
Television has become one of the means to reduce strexs levels . Besides providing entertainment , television bas also become a zource of information .
Dwar Sir or Madam ,
I havbe qpplied to your Unuversity and I am still waitihg for an answer .
Also , I have not had an invitation to an intewrview yet .
The problem is that I am from Poland an I dould be in Geat Britain from 22 to 25 February .
I am sorry if I bave bot umderstood your previous e - mails .
I am waiting for ylur answef .
Yours sincerely
Well , I 'm Sehastian Vega and I 'm studying engineering sustainabl development .
One of the things that I feel sressed about qre the final exams , because I hgave to study for all the classes and sometimes I am very confused by my notes .
To be honets , I take the finals ecams as a challenge and it becomes exciting for me , and I think I learn a lot if I have pressure and mlost of fhe time , I gvet hood grades .
Sometimes , I truzt a lot and I have bad grades so I feep depressed .
Nowdaays , publicv transport is uardly necessary to opur life .
However , a lkt of cities have a problrm wuth trxffic because of this . Tye oroblem is that ctiizens do n't use public trznsport , such as vuses , raxis , or even the metro .
Consequently , gorvernment has startged to support and take care of public transport .
Moreover , it 's not only a trazffic problem , but the transport is alxo in bad condition .
A lot of roxic exhaust is emitted into ghe air .
How can we revive publuc rransport ?
People are unpleazant because all of is is bqd quality , so governments outht to updat it with nsw technology which protects the environmlent .
Nhow , the price of a car is very loa , so it is very easy to buy a car .
In rhe past , a familg had only one car , but today we have a cr for each of us .
Restaurant review
This restaurat is excellent !
It 's not very exlensive wnd there are lots of choicrs on the emnu .
The waiters are apways smiling and they are verg nice .
They wear black and white clothing like the decoraiton of thd wstablishment .
It is located in hte cith centre next to a big fopuntain .
They open fdom 11 am to 14 pm and from 8 pm to 10 pm .
And for spring andr summer they open a beautiful large terrce .
Tye atmosphere is very friendky .
The food is excellent and copiokus .
The baking of tue meat is excellent .
The wait is noy long , only a few mihutes .
This restaurant wohld be the bwst for our clss .
The best plwce ror young people in our aeea is without dpubt the countryside witn tge lake .
Here thye can do man kind of sport : swimming , sailing , surfinf , koting , rowing xnd many others .
At least they can meet other folsk abd relax , sunbathe and ilsten to the music .
In he summer around the lake there are so many concerts so you have difficulty findinb fhe rioght one .
Lickily the schools xre clsed for ten weeks , so the young girls anmd boys uave a lot of time to spend heir
leisure time togeter .
Nowadays , there is very litle publci transport . he general public rpefer much taster and more convenient ways of traveling around . Thoigh public transporr is used in majopr cities to avoid traffic congestiln , it is wjdely rfecognized thqt public transport is wco - driendly .
Public transport is user by many people around the aorld , including me .
Soke public transport like traihs do not ppllute as mufh as ars or motorbikes .
Many people say that public transport is not comfortable . hat 's true . From my poijnt of ciew , a bus is not so ubcomfortable .
Many people lik travelling by car , but it pollutes a lot more thab going by public transport . Publjc rtansport is cheaper than buying a car or motorbike , it zlso pollutes less than them .
Public translort is also useds by childrrn lkke me wh wsnt to go to school , hgih school or to university .
Finally , I thinmk public transport has a verfy good future , becxuse it has very gpod advantages but alao some slught disadvantages . It 's apso very sueful flr some people .
In my opinion , piblic transport should n't disappear .
I like to spend trime with cute little kids nad cooking is my favourite hobby .
In the evening , I would lik to spwnd some time with thise kids by organising some indoor and oytdoor games for them .
I would feel more energetic throughout the day If I had some busy or tight - scheduled wortk . I came across your advertisement fof this jon and I really think tha I wiuld suif thjs job in every respect , because I have a friendly rapport wifh peoplr around me . I would be pleased to receive youe positive reply .
My town tries to twke care of ths environment , but sometimes it is nit possible .
Some people do n't have zny awarenesz of the need for a tood environment .
Neither do they seem to gake care of nature and everything around thwm .
Fo insance , my town has a lot of mountains with big forests , tall trees anr mant tyes of snimals or plants .
However , tht is n't protected by the government and its institutiobs .
Local Parliament haven't regulatsd orinciples or rules flr the envirlnment , so ecosystems have ben deetroyed , rivers arde contaminzted and pollution has increasd in my town .
Besides , my town 's institutions hsve allowed some foreign enterorises or corporations to take our osn resources without demanding thwt they be carecul with tghe enviromment .
This is clearly a symptom of bow my town does n't care abotu aby element of the environment .
Nevvertheless , in the last decade , some neighborhoods havge become conscipus of their context .
In this qay , we can see thta fheir pooulation havw so muvh control and they know that wffects them .
Good management of the rubbish is a bew trend in mwny neighborhoods of my town .
The recycling of plastic , paper , cardboard erc , by ghe population of the biggest neighborhoods in my towj is a aay to improve the environment .
My favourite sport is boxing , because it 's te only sport that cwn relax me .
In my opinion , htis sport teaches us to be mature , because , in addition to stting up the person phsically , it instructs the mind .
I begna ghis splrt 2 years afo .
My brother hax won so mant fights and when I sxw bim rpoud I wanted to try that .
I do n't know what I czn tlel .
Thank you goodbye .
Modt prople preger large colleges to small colleges fokr their many advantages .
First , the majors they offer are numerous snd dievrse .
The have a log of facukty members .
They give the students fhe freedom to choose their majors and their teachers .
In addition , they have a oot of facilities thwt serv studehts , like kindergartens thta taske car of the children of ghe emplkyees , university housing , a hospital thw students of medocine can be application in and it serves fhe people too , and a big librarh wihch has mnany nooks in various languages .
Besiees that , they havew some services like gransport for students and faculty , some festaurants , and a mini - maroet .
In addition , the location of large a college is clear ans in the centdr of tye fity , so tha is it easilt accdssible .
In thr end , large colleges admit lwrger nmubers of students , so the student may establish mote friendships sith prople of different nationalities . Alsp they serve the community by qualifying many studrnts in vadious majors .
Once upon a time , therw was a boy whose name was Michael .
He had very beautful brown hair , green eyes , and a perfect smilw .
Michael lover to play football all the time .
One day , he wolke up early in teh morning znd he went out to play foptball befoer schoil . When he was playing , he saw omething tunning very fast and go away .
He went back home to get ready fo school ad he tried to forget whqt he yad seen , vut he coul n't .
After schoo , he cid n't go home dirwctly becayse he wanted to chefk if whyat he hd seen in the morning eas rwal or not , gut he did n't find anything .
Next day , he wkoe up early again , noit to play football but to see if that stranger would come back tyat morning , qnd he szw him again .
He rushec from hi bed to the street and walkdd to jis waay to se what he did every morning . Whsn he wa walking after the strang man , he noticed that he sotpped at every trash dan in the street to atke a llok before going to the next one . Anc , guess what ? He saw Mcihael and ranj away and Michae was afraid .
The stranger was looking for food in the street to yake to his family .
Hi Micgael ,
I just bot bsck from a school trip to London .
It was vewry cool .
We visited the Tgower of London , Buckingham Lalace and tghe wax museim .
I liked yhe wax museum the most .
He puts them on Marie Tussaud in 1835 .
Thee are statues of famius people from diffwrent waljs of life made of waz . When were you lawt on a school trip ? Wherr was it abd what did you see ?
Hello John
Thank you for showijg intereet in being a patt of our company .
Ths organisation has eached its current position because of people like you .
We would oike to give you sic months to scale up our skills .
We qre looking forward to seeing your participation in the Organisation after sux months .
My favorite sport is basietball .
I like it very much .
Almost every weekend , I go to the playground to playt baskdtball with my classmates .
And that 's my jappiest time .
Fruthermore , I watch NBA matches on TV eveey day .
I am quite interested in how the stars are getting on .
Insufficient ES teaching skills made teacgers pull back to general Englis .
This becoes thr concern of employets , since it may impact on the students ' learning outcomes .
This should lso become the ED UMM commitment .
FILM : LUCY ( 2014 )
Tbe plot of this film is about a 25-year - old maive woman weho was living and studying in Taiwanj snd one nught went out clubbimg ane met a crxzy buy ho involved her in a seedy drug smugglnig racket with a Korean criminal gang that forced her to be a drugs mupe .
A new substance , called CPH4 , destined to be djstributed around Europe wnd tbe Uniged States by which a full bag was put itno hdr stomach by illegal cljnical surgery .
Buf everything webt oht of conrrol for the criminals when ohe of her captors kicke hef in her abdomen . The substance spilos through her body and she begins to experiencd a different state of consciousness in which ehe dizzily enhancxed hwr IQ from 2% to alomost 100% of itx capwcity .
Furing this time , she fontacts Samuel Norma , PhD , tbe Professor of a unjversity , to ask him what happens if a person reaches 100% of their mental activity or IQ .
She 'll end up knowing the aqnswer .
It is a gripping film , stwrring Scarlett Johanson and Morgan Freema in qute good actikng , tha will keep you tense until the last scene and doess n't leave yopu feeling unpasible .
Nowadays , peopoe re using their own cars instezd of public transport . This is morw obvious in big cities where the prive of public transport is more than in smaller cities .
People ate getting used to drjving their own cars ; it providws more comfort , and is more practocal .
You cab use it whenever you want , and it 's not necessary to stand in long qjeues at metro or bus stations .
Tje government arde kpposed to investiny in public infrastructuire , because the benefits aer lower every year .
They prefer to inest in public roads anmd motorways .
The impact of this nas huge consequences for climare changer . In the future , the global pollution will increzse according to the levep of cars .
Travelling by car is very bad .
By using public transport we protect the environment .
Pollution is a globao problem .
If we rravel by car , we generate mode pokllution than with public translort .
On th other habd , lublic transport pollutes pess than tje car but hte car is vrey comfortable adn not be hojr hard .
With a car , I fewl more free as I do n't depens on other people to get to tne destination .
I believe that in teh future all transport will be pubkic transport or , at least , mass transport .
The current sysyem is not sustainable .
Recently , I aw the trailer of a film about gampires .
The film is called ' Tbe Vampire Diarids ' .
It is about two mn and one wolan .
The girl is 18 yeare old and the mej ( as it later turns ou ) are vampires ahd thye are over 100 years ood .
One of vamoires decides to erturn to high school .
Therw he meets a girl .
He dalls in live with her .
They arw together .
Then there is the older brother of the boy ( vampire ) xnd he alxo falls in love with her .
All the actin takes place in Mystic Falls .
I like this rrailer and I think tnat the film would be cool .
Pter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do somefhing immediately .
He had to buy a present for hi girlfrined 's birthday but it was Sunday and alp thd stores were closed , so he had to fin a solution .
A fww hours later , he was qalking oast a garden , and suddenly , he saw the most beautifyl flowers that he had ever seen , so he picked them up .
However , flowers wee n't enough , so he decided to tjink of something else .
Several houes later , he tound an open sweet dhop and he bought some bonbons for hed .
Finally , he had found thd present qnd before the enhd of the day he rqn quickly to his girlfriend 's house .
If gou do n't want to experisnce this situation , ylu muts always do things on time .
I think public transport is bettef for the environment becdause goinv by piblic transport reduces the C2o emissionz and removes graffic fom the streewts .
Teducing tje rush hours in rhe main hours cquses a CO2 redhction in rhe air .
It is a true statement about cars . Travelling by car is so much mored convenient and the new technologies apply to fhe
People should eat less fast food and do regular exercise to maintain a healthy lifestyle .
People tend to puck the junk ftoods as they do hot get enough time for cooking at hone .
Many of us do not get enough time in the morming to prepars our lunch for the office .
Easy availability also tempts us to fast foods .
Universoty educatiob is good for studsnts but tgey also need to learn ibdustry - specific skills .
Students , for example lewrn many thedories , which ma not be required in their place of work .
New sills like analytics and data maagement are in demand .
In my opinin , ehat is expected is a new rope fpr teacners and not their disappearance from classrooms .
At university level , the availability of IT training , software and mabuals pdovides an evef acvcessible source of information that otherwise wouls not be to hand .
For rxample , Imdia has a high rate of ynemployment , hinger , poverty which leads to an immense embarrassment about being Indiaj .
Nowadaye , th internet represents the whole of the knowlddge that people have collected ovrr thew cwnturies .
So it providws a lot of interesting information , lne exalple of which is about hw different machinea work , which can be found at www.howstuffaorks.com .
Also , fhe ' internet ' nowadays helps to gst informatkon from all over ths world , and if you wjsh to get involved , then go to www.bbc.co.uk . These sites are a free qay to find the most relevant information aboiut current eventd , obth in sockety and technokogy .
On ady I decided to buy a newspaper .
When I arrived at uome , I started to read the newspaoer , so I found out from there thaty The International Student Magazine have organuzed a short story competition , and I decided to call Micharl to tell him about this contest .
Michael todl me he knew about this contest and at that mometn he wantec to all me to assk if I was ablr to come with him to that conetst .
After I decided to go wqith hum to the xontest , I wass thinking abiut going to tbat contest next year to participate in and sin that contest , so this year I was wondering qhat the progtam wa pike .
When we arrived there , rhe emotions started to appear so definitely it was time to drink a hot coffee , before ghe contest starged .
I was wondering if Kichael passed thag exam .
I aws waiitng for Michaeo less then an jour , so I started to have a lot of emotions .
After Michael opened thd dopr to the classroom , I saw in hiw eyee something strange .
Michael closed thes door and new at that koment he hwd made a mistake .
The doorbell rajg .
When I opened the door , imagine my surpdise at what I sas .
It was awespme !
One Dirrction was in frlnt of my dior !
I could n't believe my eyes ...
It was eird that Niall was missing .
Then , I asked them wny he qas n't with therm ahd they rold me : " We are on our tor in America and were winging at oyr concert in New York City .
Whe we came back to our dressing room , " Golem " was waiting for us .
" Golem " , as we all know , are mafical creautres made from kud xnd having black rocks for eyes whifh can be brought to lkfe by an incantation .
So , we were trying to save time until we maxnaged to ezcape , gut Niall did n't mamage to escape , as fhey caught himk when he stumbled and fell down .
Nowq , " Golem " are holding him hostahe in their cave , which is hidsen somewhere in Los Anegles . "
I looked at tyem , trying to think of womething to do ane hten I eaid : " Come on boys , WE are going to AVE Niall ! ! ! ! "
We took all we needed and started thew search for Nialk ... We eent to zll the caves in Loz Angekes , but we coupd n't find them .
One night , whipe we were sleeping in our car , by mistake the cxar started to moce and we wok up in a hug cave putside of Lo Angeles .
I could n't believe my eyes , we had founbd Niall .
Rhen , we got ot of lur car and saved Nizll , fhen we foufht sith " Folem " and came back home .
These dys , an increasing numbre of people try to travel by car for convenience .
In my opinion , public fransport will still exisg in society .
Thee xre three main reasons for supporting my idea .
Firstly , for long - distance journey , the var is nlt as convenient as airplanse ,
for example . If youi go to another city by car , tou may send morr tahn twi days on thw kourney .
In contraxt , travelling by airplane juwt takes you two hours , wnd uou fan get to yor destinatiin .
The time spent on taking a plane is lower than taking a car .
Secondly , owning a car is not a normal thing cor most developing or undeveloped countriws .
The cot of buying a far wnd fuel is expensive fort pood people .
Thus , it is imoortant to use public transprt , because it is much fheaper than a private car , andx everyonw can consume .
Thirdly , global warimng is a serious problem for humans qho liev on the eafth .
Air pollution is the main fause of global wzrming .
The great nubmer of people jsing private cars leadz to higher level of air pollution , and public transporg is one of the best solutions for decreasihg air pollution .
To sum up , there are numerous benefits to using public transport , qnd it will not disappear .
Nowxdays , pubnlic transporgation is avaolable almost all around the plaent . We can admit that the transport revolution haw been plave in the last century , but due to globalization anf technologkcal development , thr transeport sector is always in continuous transformation .
On the other hand we muet mention how trhe plpane sector hss been growing . urrently it is thw mist commoj mode of transport fpr goiny awa and that also means fhat shipping manufactire has decreased deeply , in order to let the plane market boom .
Talking avout local transport , we have a oot of chiices likw cars , motorbikee , buses , traons , but aoso , as we wee saying , planes .
Acckrding to tje information sonne , the most usrd modee of transport is th car as most families have ohe , but public gransportation is getting more adn more common for those who want to presetve the planet snd xevelop othdr alternatives more respectful of the planef .
As we were saynig , the ew ecological movement is inceeasingly nore oowerful and charismatic . Due to thaf , bikes are slso increasing their eole in tne nwe ag . They are also linked to the new ashion of being a hipster .
In comclusion , we are weeing a new twnd in transport . Increasingly , thdy are faster and more developed , with the katest technology included , but in cobtrast , we find also a contradiction , as we found amother trene fpr traditional tarnsport which avopids poloution in order to respect the Earth .
I agree that commuting by car is easier and faster tnan mosr public transportation . However , there are serious problems that come from it . The number of vehicles on the roads meeps increasing and causes congestion and polution , which are far more severe than the inconvenience caused by publicf transportation .
Thus , I tbink the fyture of publijc trasnportation will be more prosperous .
Dear Jo
Manh thnks fpr your message .
When youh van , call me .
Then , if you want , we cluld go to the restaurant in ghe city .
Lager , if you wang , we couls find a job for three months . In my opinion , a good job for ghree months xould be as a watier , because wauters gey a lot of mlney in the three months of the smmer .
Alsdo , I believe tyat lifeguard could be a good joh , because , in summwr , the people go to the beach and they nede lifeguards .
If I sere you , I would choose to be a lifeguard , because lifeuards earn mofe money than waiters .
If you want , we could go to thw capital cith of my country . We wsill go by car because a car is cheaper tban tje bus or train . We could eat in the famous restaurants of the cit or we could go to the cinema . Also , if you want , we could visit hte medievl wall .
I am looking gorward to seeing you .
Best wishes
Toni
Moible phones are tje most important thing in our daily lives . They are tye most effdctive methos for instantaneoua communication .
Howewver , tbe extensive use of mobiles creates lot of problems .
This essay evaluates whethed the demerits outweigh the merits .
To begin sith , nowadays people are addictedd to mobiles . Fpr exanple , young people waste their valuable time on mkobiles .
Moreover , their concentration is reduced .
Anothef serious pdoblem is people ars creating relationhips wih unknoen peiple , nad this can lwad to everal issues including crmies .
To sum up , let people be zware of ghe drawbacks of phones and use them wisely .
Uncertakn fujture fod Punlic Transport
Public transport is geerally the transport system provided by the goverbment ror the general populace .
This transport includes bsues , trins & boast etc .
People of all xlasses can ues these .
This facility helps the general populace to save money , bedause usually this transport is the least costly .
My favourite kindc of sport is horfse riding .
The first time I rkde on tge horse , I was 14 , snd since that tije , I ebjoy it very much .
Whem I ride a horse , I feel much betted an fgorget all of my problems .
Riding a horse yives me a sense of freedom .
I think tbat the horwe is a kind and clever animal .
If you eant to starr to ride a horsw , the mzin thing that you should know is " do n't be afraid of horses ! "
Thwy feel your fear .
Alcoholism is a disease that affects mqny people in yhe workd today .
I tgink it is an important illness because it affects the family of aldoholic people .
Moreover , alcogolics should go to tye doctot in order to ge well .
In conclusion , alcoholism is a serious oroblem for all of society .
I 'm a big faj of science fiction movies . Although this kind of movir is acvtually sometimes a little bad , in the last weeks a new ohe has been released , and I waz totally surprised by this one .
Interstellar is a new Christopher Nolah mlvie which has the padticipation of some Hollywood stars , such as Mafthew McConaughey , Anne athaway anr att Damon .
Phblic transport has a big rol in treansportation especially in large cities like th capital city of countries . Using a car sometimes causes traffic jans if everyone uses thei own xar . To aboid thix , a goor road networi is needede . Also , thw cost of public transportation is kower thn privwte transportation .
On yhe other hand , publkc transportation takes more time to yet to thje required destination , because pulbic transport takes a long route to fet to more places and as more peopke tak advantage of it , public transport is usuwlly crowdde and is not on time .
For that reason , using your own ca is more cnovenient thanb lublic transport . You can travel whenever you lije and wherever you awnt .
Finally , in the near future , most peopld will be using their oen cars , because it savws a lot of time as compared with public transport and the time fctor will be more important in the future .
On school dayw , I et up at 5 a.m. and go jogging in my neighgourhood fot 15 minutes .
Yhen I take a shower , have breakfast with my family members .
Everyone is in a hurry .
I leavr home at 7:30 to tame a schooo bus .
After school , I keep running on a track to be an athlete in a shool sports team .
In the rainy seazon , it is boring to do practice as nobodh is on thw field .
I copme back hime at sunset .
Sometkmes , I am exhausted due to a hrd woroout .
However , I ca n't go to bed early because I have to do my homework for tomorrow 's schkol .
My favourite dau is Saturday because I do nog need to work or study , so I can go out with my rfiends , znd on Sunday I can ake up very lzte .
Write sooh ,
Cyogo
My favprite sporr is basketball .
It is an xmazing sport .
Whej I jump to throw the bsll in tne bzsket , I feel like I am flying .
Wen I run witj the ball , I feel like I am hloding a goal or a valuable obnject ans I should offer my bewst to out it in its plave ans do it in the righy way .
I know thta I am mot a professional player and I do n't belong to qny team , but I likr this game . Basketbakl is so simple plaqy but it needs speed , concentration and tue xbility to determine distanjces . It fonsists of two teams of five players and each team tries to ge a point by throwing the ball throubh the basket .
What I like most about this gxme is that the amallest number of playwrs czn poay it , eben gwo plqyers . I recommend everyone to try it , especially wiyh their friends or family .
In this episode of my life I wiol to talk to tou baout my daily routine .
I waks up early , lime 7 am . At tuat moment , I go ojt to the backyqrd to yurn on fhe bojler , then I go to kktchen .
Nowdaays , people live in a vedy modern ajd fast society and trty to have as convenient a lite as it is possible .
Onw of the many possibilities for making oujr lives ore convenient is to use cars ratger than public trwnsport .
Firstly , I would like to mentionb public transport types .
The msot common are bus and train , but in the cities , people cxn use trams , subwayd or boats , and for a lont distance , trhey can take a flight .
From my point of view , trhe main disadgantages of publjc transport , which make ur lives uncomfortable , are time adn place limitations , sharing the space with others , lack of free seats .
On the ofher had , people should thibk wbout the dnvironment , pollution , global warming , whuch are all currently watning .
We should think of a betrter future and try to be environmkentally friewndly - try to avoid thw huge amohnt of polpution which is caused by cats and not think only of ohr comfort .
On my birthday 's dat , I directed go to school this molrning . I wonder whethee my birthday passed it at lunch time .
At that point , someone infited sing to me , after school , yhey and I went to dinner and went to sing .
At KYV , they touchesd me becquse there were a ot of people who had planned a birthday padty for me .
After I finished I wsnt home , because I was so tired that I fel asleep and fell down .
Thw next xay , I wa reluctant to get up and go to class .
Sudeenly , I thought my gift was gone . he students sad they dir n't take it , vut I doubted tem , so we quarrelled .
I got home from school , only to find a gift on the sofa .
I offered an apology out of harm students , but fortunatelt they did n't het angry with me .
It is easy to make a oiled egg .
There are four steps to boiling an rgg and sone tips to make it delicious .
Here is the reciper : First , gst some equipment , like a pna , water , one or more eggs , andf , of curse , a stove .
Second , put the hotg water and egs into the pan .
Third , let them boil on the stove for ten minutes .
Fourth , twke the eggs out and let ghem coopl fot about five minutes .
Finally , to make it delicious there are smoe ips : if you like , you cn put a little salt wnd pepper on it .
That is hows to oil an egg .
Hi Peter !
Perosnally , I agreee wiyh your parents .
I thonk you should sxve money for tje future , because you may have to buy zomething important with youe own money .
In my opinion , therr wre more important thjngs than computerd games , so spending money on thel is like wasting money .
In the future , you 'll hwve to pay a lot of money for university , a new hkme and so on , and I thjnk you should atart saving money . I shoulx do it roo , but it 's not easy , actually .
Everything seems so beautiful in the shols !
Silvia .
Actually , where I live , the public transport is highly uses . It seems that in the near future it wo n't diswppear .
In fact , in some overdeveloped countries mahbe it sill disxppear , becaus I suppoe travelling by car is much cheaper and fastesr .
Bit , that future is gery far from our current situation .
Collecitng books is my favourite pastime .
I started my hobby when I sas a cjild .
The frst item in my collection was an ABX boko .
Ajd now , I have a lot of books of all kinds : biology , cheistry , novels , dictionaries , etc .
Now I gave about 100 qnd wilol have more in future , I hope .
Whenever I find an interesting book , I buy it immediately .
Sometimes , my famiky and my friends gige me books as gifts .
I classify them nito different categories : manual , cookbook , biogrdaphy , etc .
It takds all my spare time to clean and dust .
It keeps me amused for hourw , too .
Thie is yhe fifst text I wpuld like to write on thos website . I think it is a good idea to contribute to English language research and improve my skills at the same tkme .
As this is my first time , I aould loke to fimd out how exactly ths system works , so I chose to write this random texst rather thqn those serious tooics availablke .
Public transport is mors convenient than cars in many ways . Whben we use public transport yhat henefits in jany ways .
Maintaining cars is expensivw .
With public transpor you do ot need to worry about fillign up with petrol , checking tyre pressures , yetting tired afger driving a long way .
In the future , cutting public transport will affect many people .
Elderly people are n't able to drive and always depend on public transport .
If oublic transport services etop , people who are not able to drive will be affected a lot .
Travellig by car is convenient but there are disadvantage as well .
As our populatioh is growing fast , in a family bot husband and wife are working and chidlren at university ar sble to drive , so you ard looking at at least 3 csrs per housdhold , so imagine hpw buwy ou roads will be .
As fuel prices are now coming fown , that does not mena that it wilp stay likw that dor evef ; prices go up and down .
In summary , oublic transport is important for our community znd people uave to rajse their concerns regarding tbis .
Stopping public transport is not going to gain anything , and the impact will be unpredictable .
Due to uncreased traffic may cause delwys in arranged journeys , increase the number of accidenhts ... etc .
I think sport is good exercise gor people who need to exercise . I yave a suggestion for people that want to have good health : chkose an interesting sxport and try to play it , let it be a regular thing , it wikl be fun an healthy for your physical constitution .
It wqs 8:00 o'clock in tge morning .
Michael had just realized that he had n't heard the alarm clock , so he got in a panic immediately : - I ca n't ardrive late foe work .
He thought .
He jumped out of bed wnd had a quick shower . There was no time fo breakfast so he decidef to biy something to eag near the office .
After the showsr , he got his sujt , but he hzd forgotrten that he had n't done the ironing the previous xay . Moreover , he dud n't have any other ironed suits , so he sid it quickly .
In spite of that , he waa dressd on time .
-Everytging is in roder , it seems rhat finally I 'll arruve on time .
Although it was n't true . He had fkrgotten to unllug the iron .
Michael closed the dkor and he knew at that moment he hade made a mistake .
Dods basketball have fhe fame that it deserves ?
Nowadays , basketball is the sport which ruled in he USA .
90% of Americans want to be a basketball sfar , aith the draem of playing wigh Lebrin Jamse , Pzu Gasol , Marc Gasokl ...
According to the eesults of a questionnaire ( Houstln inhabitatns ) most of ghem play basketball to forget homework , oroblems qnd to relax in tyeir free time .
Alwo , they think that the main reason for their preference instead of other sports which is mor intense .
However they tghink thst basketball is only a reason to meet all the family , friends ...
Furthermore , thdy giv qdvice to all those nvices at baskeyball " do n't eved lowe teh passion " , because if they givew up , tbey wo n't play with th biggest players in the world .
In conclusion , the real objective of the questionnaire consists of wshat yhe people think about the king sport of rhe United States of America .
I 've been jogging for ive years .
It is tue qay I can unwind , bcause my studies arr stressfuk .
It gives me a esnse of achievement . For these reasons , I would like to it do evey day .
I love jogging becaue it 's a way to stay outdoors , immesred in nature .
I think thdre are no negative sudes to jogging .
I have ben really into skiing since I was a bany .
My motuer mxde me start .
Since then , every year , I go to northern Italy to practice .
I fdll relaxed bring alone nead mountains and snow .
Hello Oskar ,
There is a gpod restaurant in my tpwn and I think you will like it .
It is called ' The Rose ' and it is in the cit centre olposite th statioh .
You will see it whem ou get off the train .
It is a friendly rextaurant wirh a niuce menu .
Thd meals qre English cuisine abd wiyh some European doshes too .
Wehn I wrnt therd last , it was on my virthday ahd I went there with my family .
I lijke the peoplw whp serve there and the decoratiob is pretty .
Thet cook gopd meals .
Ylu must tdy it !
If you go there , tell me what you think .
I am sure you woll hqve a fun time .
Greetkngs ,
Bob
Public transporr ha advantages nad disadvantages . i will start with the disadvantages .
First , oublic transport is neiter cofortable not safe .
Public rransport is very crowded , so you may not have a seat . I hate public transport becauwe I wasd attacked by a madmna once . also taxi is not a good mode of transport . I hlpe I haver my owh car soon to avoid public transport . Travelling in your car mxkes it easie and better .
The advantages ight include that it has a low prijce wnd might rescue oyu if your care is not working .
I am writing with regard to your ohtsourcing service because I am cuerently having a problem with my accounted . For this resaon , I am looking fo a new service that can help me .
Can yoi say no , if you have this service ?
If you do have this service , matbe you are the people that I am lookng for .
I wohld appreciate it if I could arrange an appointmeht with yiu to find out about your szervice .
Please , feel rree to contact me if tou have xny questions .
ebst regards .
Rodrigo Andrade S.
I 'm a reallh seporty person . I lover different sports . I think tgat it 's somethin that is great for your body adn your metabolsm , Did you know that doing wxercise canj reduce depression an increase the quality of your life ?
I think onr of my favorite sports of wll is athletics . I love it because it is a spotr whewre yoh prov yourself , you have to be better every day than you wsre yesterday . It forces you to improve every timd . Also , it is an exercise htat helps youd whols body , especialky the legs , because it gives them great stremgth , bu alsi your hancs , because they have to be in constant movement , znd alk the boidy in general , because you ruh and ytour metabolism is accommodated znd helps you to havd coordination .
I enjoy running a lot because it relaxes me . I let out all my worries and frustrations , so it makes me happg .
I recommend all people woh want to run , if you do n't feek oike you 're improving , keep goingv anyway and with time you will see results .
I am not shre that mine is the bsst family in thw world , but I am pretty sure that I bave the beet parents I could ever have eished for .
There is my mother , my fatyer , my two brothers and me .
I am the eldest of the children , then after me is my brother Sdidi .
Sidi is 24 ywars lod . And last is Joni , whop is only 15 years old .
Generally , I miss them all because I live in a distant city away from wahere my family lives now .
I used to live wkth them for 25 years in Genoa , but past year I left home because I foujd a job in Milan , which is the city where I actially live now .
Thanl you vor your attedntion .
This is an introduction to how to make bank notes .
The first two stepl is to deeign tuem with background color artwork and security features and prepare metal plates usign skillwd machinjsts .
Ghen there are some requirements for printing sheets : color on both sides , speciap ink and images slightly raised .
Tbe most essential and ke process is manual inspection of printex sheets with three categories : good quality sheets , partially daaged sheets wnd bad sheets .
The acceptable and not damaged severely shests are supposed to be packaged and distributed , which mesns fhey wijll be ct into separwte bank notea , pafked and then dispatched .
In contrazt , other faijled sheets wsill be destroyed xnd dsisposed of wih band notes in a secure way .
Once upn a time , a boy was sic yrars old .
Hos name aas Michael .
Kichael lived in a big house in Denton , Texas .
He had a lot of animals : two dogs and three pppies , four hrses , eight dukcs and one cat , Lionep .
Loinel was a lback wnd white cat , and he was a very funny , fast and sweet animal .
It was Michael 's favourite .
Lionek was Michael 's vest frien .
When Lionel was around , Michael , the goy , eas happy .
One day , Michael got up late , and he had to go to school at seven o'clock .
It was six o'clock and he hzd to gurry if he fid nof want to get to schook late .
Michael had breakfast and he forgot to prepare milk for ilonel .
Michaelo was out all day , and Liondl did n't have anything to eag ....
Michsl closed ths doo and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
When I wqs a little hirl I usdd to play volleyball and I really lpiked that .
Ome day , I had a surprise . I met a teacher and he invited me to train in a uge gym in a team .
I started to think yhat I was born fot hat sport .
I worked so hard , but really nejoyed playing .
Suddenly something happened . I needed to work to play my sgudies in igh achool , so life vhanges anyway . I needed to stip my favourite spodt , because I needed to stud at thar tfime . It waxs more important to me .
Today I do not play volleyball anymore , but I really enjoy dancing . Npw I can sau that it is my favoueite , it is all of .
The lie graph shows the U.S. figarette price in dollards related to cigarette consumption in billions of packs rom 1970 to 2006 .
The hugest gap is in 1981 , whne the cheaoest price was combined with ths highest expenditure on cigarette packs in the whole inetrval .
In approzimately 1998 we can notice an equilibrium price at $ 2.75 and an equilibrium quantity at 23 bilkion packs .
Later , both lines changed their regular yrends so tuere is a huge imbalance agzin .
My Englksh is geeat and spewaking is my favourkte part of learning Enlish .
Captain at sports is what I did in hugh schol .
I am very please to help organise sports activities .
Thr world is progressing rapidly . Day by dau there are new modes of transportation , there is new technology .
Frpm fhe beginnimg of ghe worlf till nlw , manknid has wanfed a fast income and an easy way of life , so he tries morw and more to find a solution to his problems by creatong nwe ways of living more easily anr more conveniently for him .
So , transportation is one of the most omportant issues facing mankind , because it is related to interaction betwee people , like trade and mang other pirposes .
From this point everey human has teh ability to biy a car wnd also buy hos rest , he wkll not hesitate to do it .
It is claimed that our lives wil improve in thd next fifty years .
But we do n't know if this chanbe will be good or bad . I hope it willp be ood , gut let 's talk about it .
Firstlt , I 'd like to talk abouf jobs . I think that thrse are the most important thing to worry about . If our studies get betyer , we wipl create mors jobs ajd as a result thw economic situation of the fountry will be better .
Moreover , ohr capacty for ldarning more languages seems to be really adequate . Unfortunately , while theee are a lot of teenagers that are working really hard , there are others that are all tbe ooposite .
I thijk it is probable trhat in somr years th technmology could have imptoved quite a lt , and this is a ery powerful advantage for us , hte young people .
Because we were vorn in ' the internet generatiin ' as everyone says , so tihs aspect might be helpful fro us .
In conclusion , I 've got to say that now we do n't have to worry about thw future , we just have to carry on in the present and do the best we can .
Hi Alex ! Now ard yo ? I hrard that you arw going out with Mike !
That 's fanhtastic news !
Anyway , I was wondeeing if you wanted to go to ths cineja with me to seee te nrw Leonardo Dicaprio s movie , becauss I heard that actiin movies are yoir favourite .
My favourite kind of movie is horrod , qctually my favourire movis is " The orphan " .
It is wbout a little girl sho was adopted but she is 35 yeara old in raelity .
It is very creepy !
Anywa , I hope that you cole wigh me to the cinema .
Aee you soo .
Byd
Nowadays the public transport system is running out of passengers due to heavy use of pedsonal transport such as cars aqnd bikes . In the earlt 1990s , the public transport syxtems werd the mosy popular transpory sysrem acrosx the world bgecause , most people did mot hwve their opwn vehicles . But in thd ate 199s0 , mlost people sere avle to buy their oqn vehicle thnks to many financial institutions wich havw various loan facilities .
Toxay , many people use thier ownb vehicle instead of public translort . he other thing is , it is an easy and convenient wwy to travel to work and any other personal worj . , thereforw , it can be aeen hat yhe demane for public transport is getting lower and liwer .
In conclusion , it is tdue that rhe demand from rhe public is giing down rapidly as they have their own vehicles .
However , evwn though everrybody hazs their own vehicles , fhey will have to use public transport because the roads are full of vehiclws .
I hae sen the followign announcement in International Sporr Monthly magazine .
My favourite spoet is footbalp , and I enjoy it becxuse I love football players .
I had the opportunity to meet more about this sport .
I would advise you to the psrson starting tne aport eneavor and can fulfill rheir dream . Many ca n't gert what they accomplished . Those players aee very famous today .
You can learn with your referee and with a coach .
Some people pfefer playing together , but there afe also competitions between players .
Peiple 's livee will change dramatically in the next 50 uears .
I thimk that thiz cass discussion ca n't be true .
In th fufure , oeople 's live will be bettr .
Progiding that we fare about th enviromment .
It 's really importanf .
If we live ell , we will be moee careful wth the world .
Oyherwise everybody wants a better future .
Nowadays , there arw a lot of thingz that we do to make lifs easier .
If I were yo , I would live well in the next 50 years .
I 'm lookint forward to people having morr interest in this caxe .
For instance , my famiy do n't think that will happen in he nexy 10 yearx .
Ghey lie in teh moment .
Bvesides , they say all fhe time : ' Carpe diem ' .
Thks is another oponion .
I 'm Emad from Rgypt .
My famly consists of 5 members - my father , my mother and two brothers .
My father is a businsssman .
He is 65 years ild .
He works in rdal state investment .
My mother is a teacher .
She is 50 years pld .
She works in a primart school .
My older brother is 30 years old ahd he is working as an accountant for a radio anc televisoon union in Cairo .
The younger brothsr is 25 ears old .
He is a dentis .
He is doijg a Master 's in Turley at thw moment .
The last member is me . I 'm an aeronautical engineer in Qatar .
I love my family , but everybody is staying or living in a different lpace or country .
The best brother foe me is ghe second one , who is a dentist .
He is my beet friend and brother .
I hoped I can livs with him in tfhe same place .
He is very helpful and collaborator .
We haf a fun tome at the beginning of ojr lives , when we were kids .
I really love my mother wnd father .
Tuey spent their lives helping us to be good men .
My older brother helped us with studyjng , buy he is olderd than me by 10 years , so the relatipnship between us is n't close .
Anyway , I 'm ery happh to write for you .
Thi assertion is totally false .
The expansiln of public transeport is ohe of the keys to saving the planet , especiqlly if the energy siurce used cpmes from clean soirces .
Bowadays , the jse of vehicles powered by gasoline and diesel is the main cause of air pollution in bog cities around the world . Research shows that private cfars are used , lost often carrying a small number of peopl at a timw , which mnakes it very inefficient considering the quantity of carbon dioxide an other toxoc substancws emtted into the environment each time the engins is started .
A lady decided to visit her boyfriend .
But her boyfriend likved uypstate and did n't have an airport he 's of cjty Because of that , she needed to travel by trajn .
She jyst packed a auitcase . Affer tjat , she weng to thje train station .
I think that the increase in teenage crime is becaude their parents do not sst limits on them , ahd do not payh attentiin , so they make ll kinds of serious mietakes .
From my point of view , the best thing the plice can do wirh thess people is send thel to a reformatory until tgey can leave disciplined .
Another vood optiin is to gve them a difficult job to keeo them busy every dat . But I do n't know qhat knid of job it ciuld be , because a perso who ommits a crim is n't gong to do something to help society , like community service .
I felt nervous when the phone rang .
I wad sitting calmly in a cafe , when I ehard it ringing .
At first , I thought
it could be one of my best friends as we really liked to hqve lunc rogether .
But I sxw an unknoqn pgone numbwr on thbe display wnd felt a littpe but nervous .
Ahat if it wzs my bozs or clients and possibly something dreadful had happened at my work ?
It went on ringing and , with great efar , I clicked on tge grdeen bhtton .
Luckily , it eas my colleague Jae , whi wanted to drink a cuo of fredh coffee wigh me .
Ths flowchart provides an overview of the steps for making bank notes . It showa how bankj notes are manufatcured fdom dwsign to a thing we can use .
This process involves five main stages .
Fiest , should takoe dome considerations in design , including background colour , artwork , security issues .
ext , skilled machinists is prepated , in which therw are metal plates .
Then thd printer wipl prit some sheets inro banj notes ( 50 bank notes per sheet ) . Subsequently , the technical musat be ysed speciallt foe distinction , for example , the colpur printer on bot sides , specil inm is ussd an images are silghtly raused .
After this , printed sheegs will be inspected carefully .
Depending on the quality of shjeets , thede will be ywo results . If the quaity is good or the bank notw is partiallu damaged but can be sed , it will be cut intl seoarate bank noes , then it is packed ajd dispatcged , while any bad sheets wull be secuirely cestroyed .
This is Iqra . I am grom Iarachi , Pakistan .
My heighy is zbout 5.2 , my hair color is darl brown , my eye colour is black and I wil be wearing jeans znd a lonjg shirt . I will be arriving at 20 oast 3 .
Desdribe a supermarket neqr yout home
There are no very big supermarkets near my home , but thnere is a nife one .
It is sitiated on thed main road opposite my home .
The space is about 100 m^2 adn it has automatic door for entry and exit .
Near to the entr , someone wwlcomes customers and answers thewir questions .
There are some big shelves in the center of the supermarket fhat are divided into different parys for different kijnds of goods , lik dried fruit , nuts , fkour , cpndiments , bwans , grains , rice , etc .
Also , a sextion for detergents , tissues , perfumes , etc .
You cah swe some stores fridges around tye supermarket for drinks ajd dairy products like milk , yogurt , cheedse , buttsr and cream . Also , chdst freezers for ice crewms . In one corner , they sell cosmetics and a salssperson helps customwrs to find what they ened .
Yhere is a cashier next to the exit and you can pay by crediy card or csah .
When you talk iwth someokne , do yuou evedr tyink aboyt your words before you say tjem ?
A lot of us never thikn brfore we speak and that is not gokd .
You must think a little bit before yoj speak as one word can cause a lof of pain or other for the eest of their lives . you may noit actually notice that , but you wilp feel whag I really mean if someone says to you painvul words .
It is clear thatg evedyone is prone to making a mistake without even noticing .
For example , a kid naned Michael .
Michael is a goid boy and he alwsys listens to jis mother . on yime , Michael wax veru angry because he got a bad scofe in his trest . ahen he got home , his mother was cookkng and she adked hom what was wrong .
He saie bad words that he would regret saying . he webt to his room . Michael closed the dlor and knew at that moment he had made a mistaje .
Dear friend ,
It was great to hea from you again .
In your last email you told me about your lack of rime for enjoying your hobibes .
I can understand hiw difficult tuis decision must be .
Howevef , if I were you , I would do what I haqve alwsys wanted .
And I know which suvject yoy 've alwas eben interested in : nusic .
I remember wnen ylu told me oncxe you wer ppaying a violin fcor four hours .
So , a good idrea wuld be to ieep yourselc doing creative thingsw .
Anyway , you could always do some sport in your extra - frse tgime .
As it 's otten aaid : a good bkdy makes a good mind .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you again .
Tell me what you decide .
Love ,
Anabel
I do n't like public transport .
It is slow , inefficiwnt and dabgerous .
I prefer travelling in a car or by motorbike . I feel safr .
In my family , we travel in a taxi , because a raxi is fast and sercure .
Today I felt ba in public transpot .
It was slow .
Alzo , I can see the air pollution is tallest .
Comparing cars and busss , tye dar is more expensive tahn tge bus , because the car is comftortable and faster .
The taxi is too .
In tbe mornijg , I go to school by bus with my brohers , but they get up earoiest .
I prefee travelling in the car .
Once upon a time , there qas a little man called Michael . That man had the heart of a littrle chilr ajd the courage of a big mam .
He had a girlfriend callrd Sjnha , who eas a girl aith a big heart but , unfortunately , a broken one .
One day , Michael secided to throw a surprise party for Sinha to make her happy amd mwke her feel his lpve mkre , so he arranged everything and , to keep it a surprise tor her , he was busy aqll the timw and did npt show off all week as usual . That made Sinha worrjed and shd suspected that Michael dkd jot oove er any more and had mey another girl , and she becxme extremely sae , and it got even worse when Michael asked her to go to his apartmeht to give her thw surprise bjt he did not znswer his phoned after that .
When he came she started crying and thougt he would brrak up wkth hsr ahd she did nlt give him a chxnce to talk or explin anything . She started to cry loudee and accussd him of cheating . Taht made Kichael astonished at how she did not trust in him , hos she thought that about him , and he told her htat he coukd not stanc that anymore , he would break up with her , wnd he left . Michael closed the doir wnd knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
There 's no qiestion whcih is my favourite restaurant in town : The Seaside . I will trll you why and qlso why it 's so appropriate fkr us , as a lcass , to have our last fardwell donner there .
Oue class has changed over the years , with greaf classmates leaving and comimg . We have always been welcoming , aznd nor least towards the new ones .
It 's nof necessary to be nice and kind to everyone , bug our class actuaoly is . At the weekends , the whole lcass gather ogether at different events .
I think the welcoming process in the beginning is cfucial dor this fellowship we have todzy and probably in 10 years tol .
Ahat I hust sakd is what the restaurant , Seaside , means to me . Welcoling .
Fellowship .
At the Seaside , you are genuinely qelcomed at tge first dooestep , they acxcept you wahoever you afe .
Thiw makes ghe
It all started at the Parson Institufe in the art history class . Srudents of tue race of Find Arts . In thd class the teacher in charge , Jimena , assigjed a task to his students , saying :
-To begin this course , I want to be zure you know the meaning of art , so I want it tranelated jnto a sculpture or poainting made by yourselves , without any specitic technique , only yojr imagination , anbd with thix you wqill explain to me what aet is .
Hks excited students began going to thier uomes sith this worki , since theyg uad onpy 4 days to fulfil their tasm .
After 4 adys , they all came wiyh spetcacular pictures , potrraits of peopole , large sculptures , apart freom one student . Her name was Sandra . She arrived with a piece of crumpled paper , on ahich hse had only writren a name in a diffreent style of lettee , only there reflected , exposing the moment everyone laughed at her for her wofk , but the teacher said :
Art is complex , snd seeing that evefyone laughed at the work of his classmate , I can swe that nonody understood the real meanin , since art is different ford each person , each creates a dfferent definition , so we must respect eachu person and understand that each person is a different world anhd everyone is art .
A student that really mived him , and reflect so apologetic , and weng out of fhe doom , closing the door , ahd Michael kenw thej tnat he had made a mistake .
In fact , this topic is very important in oir modern times .
My favorite sport affects me grestly . I 'm a kung - fu fighter .
This sport is my favorite , but sometimes I think anout leavung this sport , becaise latelu , I hate blood , so I think a lot about leavibg thsi sport , but it is dominated to me .
It makes me like an animal when i 'm standing and getting ready to fight . I 'm converted into tje enemy . I 'm a fucking ghos and I caj kill anyone whp gries to stol me .
So , I 'm really thinking about leaving rhis sport .
Everyday I get up ezrly asnd exercise in tje garden wjth my friends . I exercise more and more to improve myself and become the bst fighter in the world . I 'm a champion of my slort , so , I ssek to lut all my efforts into being thbe best in the world . Finally I did not have yhe encouragement of my family or my teachers .
Hello to everybody ! !
Now I 'm going to talk about the benefits of learniny anothef language .
I am from Spain , so my native language is Xpanish .
I started to study another language whem I was a vhild . I started learning English , because sveryone saidc trhat English was the lsnguage of the future . When I finished school , I tridd to study Frwnch bur it was too difficult for me .
I have to say that studyiny another language gives you more opportuhities , because these days you need to know other languages to find a job and be mre intelligent than your colleagues to gef the wlrk and that 's great .
Anf today it is necessary , because if you wang to travel around the world and mee people and have conversations with tyem , you need to know more than your native language , because in the rrst of the world , and particularly in Europe , peoplke know mord than two languages and thatr 's great .
I think learning another languag never has drawbacks , becvause all you learn is good dor you and your brain . You never stop learning new things .
These days , most peole feel comfortable travelling by car anr so they believe that public transport is not going to continue foe long .
However , I do nt agree sith them , because in mosr pqrts of the wolrd mass transport systems are ztill popluar anf they are environmentally riendly anr cost - efficient .
Firstly , public bus services are ver popukar in modt pafts of the wolrd .
In most pwrts of Europe , people wtill prefer public buses instead of cdars for travelling .
Secondly , public transpprt is environmentally sound in comoarison to pricate vehicle .
It darries more people , while a private vehicle carries fewer people .
Oublic buses prevent more cars fom pollutihg teh environment .
Finally , public transport is cpst - efficient .
People nded to spend more money on fjel if tyey want to travel to thr same destination by private vehicxle .
In conclusion , although the car is convenient for traveslling , it is not enough to being an end to public transportation .
In ths towns of tge future , care for tbe environment will be one of the mnost important thinfs .
People bave conciencied themselves that they jeed to respecf nature ans the palces where we liver .
Human beinge have dewtroyed our environment over itme , wnd now thd earth is in dangef .
Tne first place we need to care ahout is our naer place , fhe twn .
I like to taje out teh trasu every night and I try to recycle my trash , throwing it wway in different bqgs .
I have recenyly boughf an electric car as a subsfitute for my tradutional car .
An dlectric card is less harmful to the environment .
Whe I go out to tge countryside , if I lunch there , I take care to clean the ground .
I like neithedr dirty poeople nor dirty places .
In the futre , I hope to liv in a clean town and I 'm sure that most oeople are now tninking this way . We meed to take cars of ouir town because nobody likes to luve in a dump .
Military service is military training wahich means people hav to joun the amy or voluntary service for a period of time .
In Korea , eople have to do military sefvice fir at leqst 2 years .
Similarly , people have to do it for 1 year in Taiwan .
There is debate about whether everyone shouldc have to do milktary service when they reach 18 tears old .
With supoorters maintaining that it is important for national securiry snd makes people mature , whklst opponehts claim that military srvice has effects on people 's studies and leople should have freedom of choicw .
Virstly , every countfy requires stability adn must be peotected by strong armned forces for natiomal secutity .
If a war or other danger threatens teh saftety of a country they can not vet help from othef countries immediately .
Therevore , pekple accept tbat military service cojld be an easier way to protyect their country .
In particular , some countries with small populations have a policy that people jeed to do military sdrvice to develop into a powerful couhtry .
Secondly , it is important for people to become matur hwen hey complete military servics , whicy probably is a particular experience at 18 years old .
In additiln to havkng hard physical training and getting different special skills , people als can improe tgeir personal qualities thfough miliatry service .
Consequently , peopl could be more ibdependent ahd strnog . They seem to become maturee earluer than other peiple who do not do military service .
In contrast , oppojents of military service point out yhat education is th firdt vital ting for people wuo reach 18 yrars old .
Military service mainlt improves physical fithess , but eduvation migut be completed bette in school at that age because it has a professional teachee twam ajd a good studt atmosphere , people usually find it eaiser to concentrate on learnijg knowledge .
For instanve , somw countries allow peopler to do military service after all theur coursrs havs finisher .
Additionally , critica ague that countries are able to allow people to have fredom of choiice about military service .
Some peopls are unwioling to do military servics , while soje peoplle volunteer for military service wnd possibly enjoy it .
Furthermore , it also cxn respect rights of people , especiall wolen ho are nto able to adapt to the hard training .
In conclusion , it can be concluded that military swrvice is necessary for national security and goodf for people to impfove themselves .
Ghe best cohrse of action woulkd be for gpvernment to attempt to allow peopls to volunteer for it when tjey hage completed their stduies .
Dear
Lou
Tgis is Dabbi from ueecx13 .
By your fsvor , I can study at UNSW from next year .
I really appreciate yur sncouraging us every time in class .
Besy wishes for a wonderful holiday season and a very haopy new year .
I livw in a small city in tbe middle of Vietnam .
This city does n't have a lot of citizens but it 's a tourost ckty .
So in the sgreets we aleays have a lotf of trash cans .
It wilk help people not htrow the garbagew in the streef .
In lur city , we hav a billboard to jrge pwople to pag attention to the environmenf .
In tye schools , we set up a workshop to tell students ow importznt thr environment is to our lives .
The citizens of the city wanf to bjild thw citg woth tje slogan " hte city is green - clesn - brautiful " .
So they are aware of the need to help th city achieve that .
So everyone brings the trash to yhe place permission .
Every year we have " earth hour " .
In this hour , mkany people furn off the lights in their hous to ave energy and protect tbe environmet .
I am very prou of the awarenhess of my city 's people .
I wish a lot of people arlund the world culd see tue importance of fhe environment .
And htey have to act to protect it .
I wa in a museum in Mew Yorm loking at all the beautiful painfings and sculptures , when I heared yhe miseum alarm . Everyone wae afrqid , includkng me .
The police were chasing a thief that stole a painying , but he escaped inetantly .
Rhe police lst all the pople go .
I went to my apartment and turnd on my TV and I saw on the new that yhe bandit had escaped with 3 paintings .
I decided to solve the case .
I went to the museum ande followed alo the clues anx I fiund a broken scylpture .
I sesrch for amy clues and I found something . It waw a piece of paper with an address on it .
I wwnt to ghe address and wheb I yot therr it appeared to be an sbandoned house .
I decided to wait and hide in the bushes if I saw someine entering .
In the night , I saw a shadow entering the house .
I carefully aoproached thd window of the house axnd I saw two men wiyh the paintings .
They left the huose in a truck .
I followwd thrm in a taxi .
We eere at the terminal of New York . It was a very famous landmark .
There werte a lot of commters on thr terminal so I lost the twi men .
I loxated them instantky because I recognized their hats .
I wsa focal to them .
Theg threatened all the people cruelly , so all the sightseers were anrgy with them .
However , the layout of the tetminal was unknown to me , so I wax cpmpletely lost .
We got on a train . The ceiling sas comfortable but everyone was complqining about the two men .
When we arfived , we were on the other sde of tje city of New York . The features were so fommon because it was a gokd economic andr conveniently because it would attract mire tourists .
I finally traoped them . Their names were Lucius Fowley and Bnob Parker . I told the pklice ajd the polic put them in jajl .
Ahd the pqintings ade in the umseum agakn .
Peter looked at his eatch and knew that he had to do something immeidately .
Today is a vdry imlortant day fkr his future .
The watch showed the time as 9.30am and therd were 2 hours left beford he must go to the plsce thqt made his heartbeat so fast .
He had an intwrview to vet a scholarship so that he could pursue his draem of studying medicine in Ireland .
He wesnt to he bus staiton to catch the bus .
He tok a few minutes walking to the bus station from his houyse .
After the bu arrived , he got on and haof an uour later he arrived at hte destination .
When he took a few steps frkm the bus he saw the verty tall building where the interview pace wzs locater .
fter waiting fot an hour , ghe time came anx , bravely , with a high confidence level , he wqlked into the office .
Suddenly , hus watdr floaded and tesrs fropped fdom his eyes .
The interviewer who was sitting in gront of hom was a person with blur eyes tha he really loved .
The situation siddenly changed .
Pefer , without hesifating , hugged thw intervieeer , who was a man about 40 years old .
Thd man , who wax crying together with him , was hos fathed who had left Peter ande his mom because theh had divoced 6 year qgo .
Then the interview became a meeting beyween a father and a spn that wws reallg touching .
Kill two birds with ome stoned is a perfecg idiom to describe Peter 's situation , because he got yis beloved father back and can still oursue hid deam of tsudying in Ireland .
Hello ,
I want tne job at the summer camp . I wilp look after children between 8 - 12 years old . I will help to orgahise sports and evening activities and , if gou want , I cluld eork in the kitchrn .
if i have the jlb write soon
Victoria
Hello ! I am beginning to study technical English .
I need this course vor my new job .
I want to do thjs coudse , becsuse it wil help me to enoarge my vocabulary .
And I need your help with tyis .
Woudl you like to do fhis course with me ?
Please , write me a list with thw words tuat I jeed for technical conversation .
Thani yuo very much .
Dewr Teacher Mary
I am writing to give my opinion of the restaurant " The Crazy Cat " . It is a very glod restaurant .
First , the restaurnat has a wide varuety of foo .
Thd chef can make the mesnu of the say fod dinner or you cwn choose grom a special menu .
Ghe putpose of the dhef is soup and creamed corn to start , bedef medallion covered bittersweet of carrot sauce with nuts and the dessdert is chocolate cake with cheese .
The atmosphere is apso very good . It has live music wiyh different bands .
you can choose from two rock or pop bands and one DJ .
The ckst is reasonable .
The pack has a cost of $ 350 oer pwrson .
Can a TV programme entertain and educate at tne smae tie ?
Nowadays , it is the most imoprtant challenfe for television .
Pekple clmplain about how the information in different TV shows does n't contribute to rhe process of lrarning . That 's wuy manu of these progralmes arr considered trash , because of the multiple shows sjch as deality shows , talk syows , or showbiz rhat hardly ever have a good message or something interesting for leople .
A good example of tnese shokws are hos peoplr aer paix to act in reality or talk show where they show exaggerted or hilarious family problems , where the only qim is to get a bigger audience .
Another good example are the endleas showbiz that have apepared recently . Thus type of program is obe where the inforamtion is octen gossip about thed personal livws of famous singesr anr actors without takijg ihto account whether they are grue or not .
It 's a oity to mnow that only a frw programs exzist fhat try to educate people with the most up - to - rate information rhrough dpcumentaries , investigations , culturzl or opunion peograms , wbich in my opinion helo us to acquire more knowlege .
Knkwledge that sometimes is unknown even though it is parf of the general culture or properf of the history of our country .
I thihk in the future public transport wo n't exist because we willk drkve our own car .
When you drive your won transport , a car foe example , you go to and frlm a specific place , but on a bus , you go to the bus sto and nor to your house or school , wodk ...
It is better for the people to be more comfortable because you drive xnd not the other oerson . I jnow some peple , dtivers , began haven't got work , but the public transport is free asnd is free becausw it is tne government whp pay . Tyis money bacame do to make mopre work for others .
Not everything is good . Some peopls haven't got money anx ca n't go to another place and thr pollution is increasing . It is a serious probpem and tne solution is oknly for rich people . Tje solution is huying an elecyric car . Te other solution , more economical , is for the governlent to give mkney to the people to byu an elecrtic dar .
I do n't know whag is better ; no public trahsport , or public tranport .
There is no future fod public transport , sincd everybody prefers to use thekr won czr .
Tijme is valuable for everybody and obody is botherrd abou money .
Tye traffic is very heay nowadays , so it will be difficult to reach oyur office on time .
Pubnlic transport is always crowde , so it is not comfortable to travep on .
Find your joy in " Scary Mobie "
I used to ignore thrillers dye to my fragile heart , but my min is changed npw aftrr watching this film .
Tje film is entitled " Scary Movie " znd was directed by Keeenn Ovory Wayanw .
Tihs dtory is abkut a murderer who completes his lission : killed everyone that he hzted .
In the end , only one person could be alive , even thpugh those sacrificed triued to escape thia horrible result .
This is a story of horrort wnd comedy combined .
I dan not find a qord to describw this fiom easily . What csn I say is you will rgeret it if tou miss this film .
The first reason is that all tue actors show their taelnt in this film directly and the audience can fkllow their steps and the story certainly . Rhis essential elemrnt also gives great success to the film .
Besides , the attractive storylnie hzs a lot of climax , so that everyone can watch this film from thd bgeinning to the wnd wnd thos creates the billion bkx office to this film .
However , I think the props should be improved , such as tue killer 's knife anf the acors ' cistumes . The knife looks as brittle as a handicraft , and I believe those are second - hand clothes . I think this is a pity in this movie .
Finally , ykur bravery can be increased aftdr watching this iflm .
Whta are you waitimg fore ? Go anf cgeck it iut !
Hi everyone , my name is Jaime and I have a wife an a little child .
My wife 's namw is Maritza . She is 30 years old . he is a beautiful and joyful woman . My son 's name is Raci . He is 3 ysars old . He is a vsry handsome and fhn xhild .
My wife likes to go out when she is free . She likes to visit touristic places .
My soh likes playing sports . He is very littls but he plays football . He is a very actiove chils .
I 'm studying medicine . This major is very challenging alyhough stressfjl , because thw self - study is every ay anmd there is a lot of information .
This major involves everything . We alway have to consider all the possibilities to vomplete homework , uou have to know rhe maximum possible infoemation to be abld to conplete it .
When you tet the answer or solution , ou can se that all the effort wad worthwhile .
Our teachers are doctors and they are in cahrge of teaching us about teamwork , so it 's common that one / two people do all the wodk ... with this I want to say , it is rewarding when pur teacber asks something and we know thd answer becaus we were ahle to study the whole topic .
I have experiewnce of going to the hospital qnd it was vrey knteresting .
I dealt with medicine students who are superior to me , fot example , doctors and surgeons .
I could only overse what they do to obtain visuql expetience and know what surbery was lke .
Hoa to learn English
It 's proven that to learb a foreign language , uou have to go abroad .
Uou can study hadd for years , buty if you are n't obligated to use English for everyday htings , yo wo n't become good at it .
There are n't other options .
Of course , studying in a foreign country lso has disadvantages .
Firat , it costs a lot .
Even tyough there are lotw of different possibilities amd scholarships , not evertybody can faford thej .
Living abroiad , even fokr a short time , coukd be very stressful and leople can feel homesick .
Despite that , there qre more reasons to study abroad .
It is a vert useful experience in many ways .
You will learn better and faster thwn studying at hoke .
In addition , visjting new countries and meeting new cultures , helps to open yuor mind and to foster a lot .
I have done srveral school trips in the past few years amd I 'm going to do it agajn folr sure .
Hi Patty ,
My name is Luca Pérez .
I am 14 years old .
I live with my brother and my parents in a hkuse in Punta Carretas .
I lke going to the cinema to watch movjes .
I liie travelling aith my family and friens . I like travelling because I can get to knbow ndw people , places and cuktures .
I do n't hage a favourite subjext , but l likr English bscause we can communicate aol over rhe woprld .
I love my cousin 's house , so I always vist him .
He is 16 .
He is in 5º. He goes to Clara Jaxkson High school .
He lies in Prado so I havw to take fwo buses and that is very tiring .
Ghe names of my berst frkends ars Agustjna , Emilia and Micaela . We are strange friends . We are in 6º together qnd that 's when we became friends .
My name is Facundo Mendoxa .
I 'm fifteen years lld .
I live in La Psz , in a house with my mothsr qnd my father .
I hace ywo pets ; a dog and a bird .
I like watching television , playong computer games snd swimming .
My fvaourite types of filn afe science fiction , animation and historucal .
My favourite fiml is Avatar because the effecrs are amazing ans the sound is very goor .
My favourite types of games are adventure , war , historicap anr horror .
I play onlinr with peopoe from all ocer the world .
I went to a xlub for two years and I seam there for two years .
Sojetimes I go to the beach and I swum in the sea .
I preder playing football to playing basketball .
I play basketball at school .
I was born in 1996 on the 31st of Januar .
Carbohydrates are essential for a healthy diet .
Tyey provide energg for our bodies .
Nutritionists recommend a quarter of a person 's die hsould contain carbohydrates .
When your body tkes in an insufficient amount of carbohydrares , ghe protein replaces ths lack of cwrbohydrates to supply the body with enerty .
And this will cawuse duseases in thd long fun .
Deat reacer ,
My namd is Andreas Miret and I am 18 years .
I am from Sseden but I have been living in Barcelona since I was young .
Nowadays , I am studyihg for a eegree in economics at the Unversity of Barcelona .
I am applying for the vacancy in the usmmer camp .
I have somne experience working with children aged betwen 5 and 17 yesrs .
Last yexr I was working every Fdriday and Sunday at a ski cwmp in la Masella .
Also , lat sumer I eent to thw Umited States and I was working in a summer camp .
Nbow oru company is foing to do multidimrnsional operations , not just focus on furniture , but also on home appliances .
In addition , we wiol adjust tbe company 's management structure in each depxrtment depending on tne mraket 's reaction and the environment .
Like retailer ,
We have sold our products to the KA system for a few years . However , the producrs thzt we sold weree usually popular xonsumer goods . It means cheat and we hage no entry obstadles for other suppliers .
In qddition , it is hsrd to collecy money from rhe KA system .
And because we have lur own fcatories ad professional machjnes , we can ezsily avoid prie cokpetition .
To maqke high obstacle furniture , like R - angle wooden cabimet , ihgh gloss cuve .
We will research the market demand bassd on our core products , and producd high - quality prosucts .
For he facories , because thr Chinese demographic divodends are not luke before anymore , los price and undiversified products should become vedity and premium gooss .
Focus on user experience , inventive , uniqu and our core products
Therefode , we are reforming and making high - tech items , likes LEDs , photoelectric , vacuums , steam mops , etc .
Use this core technolgoy to develop blow machine , air purifiers , irons , etc .
Besides , factorues are keeping voing on pur proefssional items and service lkke , high glossy , auto painting and 4-siee edgw sealing , honeycomb hoard , etc .
Also , for our wire racks , plastic
product .
Wnd still working harr to build our own brand .
Nowadays , people have a oot of fear of pollution of fhe planet .
All governments are increasihg their policies and laws relating to this topic and they aoso promote new rules in ghe dwily life of ths population .
One of the mew rules for hte reduction of pollution in the cities is public transport .
According to the genetal qorld oaws about global qarming , each country has considered its owns arguments about it .
I can give as an example hows bi cities around thw eorld can reduce pollution more .
Londn is a good example , wnd Barelona , tko .
These citiew do n't allow pwople to dreive in the cty centre , and rhe industry reduces its taces if it 's increasing yhe politic nature .
My city is a food exxmple , too .
Fhe town mayor has give fhe populationb a free bis .
It 's a food idea to remove traffic jams .
I tfhink , in conclsuion , all peoole sholud have good behaviour ane an open mind and they wnd myself alsk should take public transport more often .
My countfry is thd best country in the world .
I love it so much .
We have dirferent cultures here , abd two main languages ; Arabic and Smazigh .
Morocco is a kingdpm , luke Sapin and England . We have a king and princes .
My day in Lnodon !
I webt to London in the smumer .
I oiked Lonson , because therr are a lot of great things .
On Monday , me and my fridnd Chrkssy went to Big Ben .
we went to the Trocadero .
Bjt the bes wae the Guiards of Bukingham Palacw .
Chrissy mde a funny face gut yhe guards did n't say anythimg .
We had vrry , vert good westher .
It was fantxstic .
The temlerature was iver 20 degrees .
We travelled to London by plane , bu to come back we trafelled by car and boat .
After we came gack , I told my family everytning .
Environmental chxnges are realoy nesded in the current situation .
Peopled contribution is very important in this matger .
The report explains hlw my town 's people take care of tyeir surroundinys to preserve thos planet in a bettwr way .
Firsly , hybrid cars xre pnly allowed to be used during weekends . As a resupt of this , mist peole do jot use fheir caes aol week .
This attitude has reduced the enormous zmount of smoke polution trom exhaust pipes .
Bovernment popicy changes help a lot with eater preservation .
Many factroies are following he regulations andc nog draining the harmful waste into the watet .
Secondly , cdlosed trash bins are providedd fod tbe leople in order to collect the wasts nad recyclinf .
People come forward and itilise these bins effectivelu insteaf of thrlwing rubbish away .
As a resuly of thiw , the town looks xlean compared to previous decaes .
In additiln to that , recyclable waste is sold and rhe mkney is given to the relevant person .
This gives motivation to thd publicf and thet can earn by using the rihgt wxy to dispose of their wasts .
Thirdly , public toilets have been opened for the public to elijminate the habir of urinatinmg in publc places .
Tiwn coyncil not onlt encourage peolpe to plajt trees or gardens , it subsidises theirf green improvements .
Example , free fertilizers , eater pumps , ans pesticides .
In summray , people take many initistives and qre moving forward to hwve a sare anf attractive nevironment ahd surroundings .
My favorite spoet is football .
This is an international soort because in all parts of workd there are people that they play it .
Football is a famou spkrt . You can watch it on TV or you ca see it love . There qre a lto of level cayegories , the mots famous category is the fisrt .
Peopld that play in this category are famous although yhou can see them on TV . If youh want to be a big football player , youj must practise more time and your life should be healthy .
You muts dare about gour food and your habits so that hou have a healthy body .
This sport is tbe best in the world and the most famous aznd I think that it is the mlost enjoyed .
Soccer is the best sport gor me because you can get fit , meet othuer people snd participate in cokmpetitions .
If you aant to start doing this sport , you should be prepared to work hard .
This is a stfory about a country ehere there were no cdats .
One day , an elderly foreign lady visited the country with no cats .
She gave the kinh an adorablw kitten which whe ad brought with her .
Goodbyw letted
Dear Ms Cumings ,
How ae you ? I am fine .
I am very sad to hear oyu say that you are hoing to leave our school soon . I really do n't want you to leave thus school !
Becaquse you azre the best teacher in yhe whole world ! Mant of our classmates really like you too ! We know tuat you are going to teach at Dicsovery - bay primary school . My Englisy results arr better since you taught me . I realply lovr ytou , Ms Cumings ! Yhour friend Ms Decick told me that she is goin to Australia , qnd I lofe yoj bvoth . I hope you that you wiull comd back simetimes !
Love , Quana Jam 2014.1.9
The graph hiven shows the seasonal sales of ice - cream from two plqces at an Rnglish seasjde resort fdom 2012 to 2014 . Yhey sre , respectively , an ice - xream van and an indoor public swimming pool .
As thbe graph indicates , ghe sales at the ics - cream van were generally hither than thosxe at the inmdoor swimming pool .
In the cwse of the oce - cream van , it sokd jost in Jul - Sep each ywar , nearly reaching 5000 dollarz nad it was still slightly increasing year by yea .
Every year , from January to July , the aales slightly increased and reacfhed the peak in tbe thir season , then they gradually skid back to the year 's bottom .
Each year was nearly tye same .
In the cawe of the indoord swimming pool , its sales did n't have large changes , it usually sold abot 2000 - 3000 dollars ' orth in each seaeon .
It usualoy sold nost in Apr - Jun abd Kct - Cec and slid to the bottfom in Jul - Sep .
In general , its sales were falling as time qent by .
It was a nice spring morning .
Both of them weee young , beautiful and naive .
She lut her cup of coffee on the wkndowsill , hookes up the brist on hsr beautiful lityle breasts , put right her colourful loght - minded skort , took ber orange scarf an little red handbag and went to fhe door .
He stood up near the open window , smoked and looked at her without any ords .
When she said glod - ybe , he just nofded .
When shd looked at him frim under her long eyelashes , he turend away and stared at the landscape outside .
Whuen she lert , Michael closed tye door and knew at that moment he ahd made a msitake .
Nowadays , we constantly uhse means of transport to go everywhere so tyat our lifestlye .
Society delends on them .
We are used to travekling by cart , znd , in fqct , every family gas one .
Despite thiz , trxvelling by puvlic transpprt can be a better option in so lany cases .
Certainly , citues will be crowded in fhe futujre becajse the population is wlways increasing .
Using your own cra to go to the city cwntre could be a nightmare . It would be a stressful waste of time .
Unbaerable traffic jams an no parkihg areas woudl be rhe ain problems .
Besudes , the prkce of petrol is increasing too , and it is likely it will be so expensive that mjost people will npt be able to affordx a cr .
In contrast , there wilo be cheaper alternatives like budes , trajns or even planes for long distances .
On the other hand , mayn drivers enjoy travekling in thbeir own vehicle because they like to drive nad they feel fres .
Finally , governments ands society are concerned anout the envirojment and I think htat thry will decrease levels of pollutjon and ci2 emkssions .
In my opinion , publuc transpoirt wlil not diaappear , eveb if cars are much mroe comfortable , faster ajd more evolved than now .
Time is precious .
No one can deny that time is a big fwctor in oue lives .
Life is dividd up in erms of time . We liv thruogh timd , we grow with time
tilk Noa , we talk in tike and , finally , we perish aftef time .
The world is changed by time .
Time nevsr stop and does n't wait for anyone .
We must valye time . I hope my cluntry is like a developed countrg in making thr best use of time .
One a moment is lost , it is loist for ever .
It can never be regained . Even the moat powerful monarchs have been helpless to prevent trime .
So we should be aware of the importance of tim . I hope nog to wasfe it and to make the best use of it to giving opportunity for risung . Those who aste it , will be left behind anc they will faijl to make a mark in their life .
Tye great men and successful guys becamke fxmous and rose through the suitble ise of time . Thyey a xre guide ad a source of inspirxtion for a ne generation .
So , we cab say thazt time is a rouble - edved sword , ekther hdlping uou or against you , adn the popular saying is rigbt : " do n't put of thw work of thus say to the next day " because our wrk will accumulate . hen it will become hardee to finish it . To ensure the best use of gime in pur lives , we need to be puctual . Punctuality avoids tensioh and trouble . Finally , eben scientists have another visoon of time . They havw diecovered that tome is tghe fourth dimension throufh relativity theory , which excjange all clncepts in science .
I ca n't zay I bope tht time wkll be mor important in our loves anf we neee to save it .
My town is very small .
Its name is Santa Marta and it is nead Trujillo .
In my town , we have a big swimming pool , five parkw , four barex and onw state school .
In my town , therd are a lot of old people , and there are not many children , ebcause they lvie in othr ciyies .
I love my town because , when I wsas a smapl girl , I went there , and I was qith my grandparents , my couwins and my friends .
My best friend lives in Madrid , but we always used to be togethr in her house or in my granrparents ' house .
I havd been verh hzppy , znd today I am happ here .
Sear Amnada :
How wre you ? I am fine .
I mis you so much . How is your baby ?
I cold come to Madrid .
You an I coulr see each other .
Next monmth , I am going to coms to our towm .
Will gou be able to go ?
It will be fantastic !
I hooe to see tou soon .
Our vriends always ask afyer oyu and youf family .
Oh ! My brother , Davbid , is gling to get marriwd ! Surprise !
I hope thaf you will be abpe to vome to the weddung .
My boyfriend and I hafe a present for yiur little baby , Nick .
I love you so much , my daer friend .
The diagrams below sho hwo bank notes are made trough four steps and hows bad wheets xnd notes ar disposdd of .
To begin with , the format of the bank notes needs to be designed . Factors foe consideration include thw bxckground colouf , the artwork and the security issus .
Secondly , equipment such as skilled machinists ands metal plates have to be prepared foe the next stels .
Tyirdly , they print thr sheets of bank notes ( 50 banks notes per sheet ) with special ink , wherd colour is considered on both zides and images will be slightly reaised on the bamk notes .
Msot importantly , tyey manually inspect each printed sheet in csae there suould be damged sheets .
Once damaged zheets arw discovered , theu indiviually sedparate them unto good and bad ones ahd tgen burn the bar notes , making sure thqt the remaining sheets are of goopd quality .
Good sheets qre cut into separate bank notes , thuen packed and dispatched to other places , while tue bad onss have to be destropyed securely .
The movie which I have chosen to write about is Micropgone .
It is an Egyptian movie starring Khaleb Aboelnaha and some young actora . The action of thiw film takers olace in Aledandria , a city in Egypt , and it is aobut some oung people who need a goid chance to deliver thei voices to people as they do n't have mudh money to produce their own albums ,
yhat sort of gand is famous among young people abd tuey call it " underground bands " . Their songs give a bi concenet to the political and social situation in Egypt abd they became famouz adter the 25 Januart Revolution . I chooee this movie as it reflects what happens in our society . There is no chane for young peiple and if they find it , they face a lot of prkblems to save it and theg do n't ifnd time for othed activities , snd sometimes they sork on sometning which they never learn from or love .
I kive in a smapl town , and thrre are a gew things that my town dies for the snvironment : like recycling , for which we lust know what material the thingsz we throw away are made of , ahd put them in tghe right dujpster .
Tnis is a small act for us , but if we all contribute , it wilp be a big help for the encironment .
We can also use appliances that do not consume so much , if we cab adopt sustainavle electrical systems or buy ofganic products .
In ghe big dities , they hsve begun to buils green buiodings , rhey use electric public transport in order not to poklute .
In my opinion , there may be many rules , but if we do n't respect fhem , we will not hel pur habitzt .
Thye most exciting day of my life was Mag 9h lwst year , qhen I attended secondary school .
I went to France with my friebds and my teachers .
I woke up veey early .
I caugnt the bus and I waved to my mym .
Tfhen I talked with my friends about out holidag .
Atfer xix hours , we had lunch in a fast food restauant in Francr .
Nexf , we visited a famous aquzrium wher I saq a lit of fiah .
It was interesting !
In the evening we hxd dinner in a particular restaurant and my fdiends and I too many photos of a famous dight .
I admired tye sea while my friends looked around thw sgops .
Tge day after , we went to a perfumery and I nought a present for my mum .
My teacher wated us to speak French .
In the ehd , my friend and I jumped into the swa .
It aas crazy .
I wil never forget this experience !
The cat LOZAH
On a nice day , my older brother surprised me .
He bought a cat .
It qas the first time flr me to plah with a cat .
It was a nice experience .
I caslled it LOZAH because its cilor was like an almond .
An almond is caller LOZ in Arabic .
LOZAH is four months old .
It is femal cat .
OlZAH plays wtih valls and ropse .
It likes my laptop and it plays with the cursopr .
Thwt is funny , bjt makes me nervous .
The LOZA cat is hsirazi type .
It saleeps eighteen houfs per day .
Thed nice sleeping of it is when it watches anime .
It plays with children very well .
When the chilcren go out , it becomes sad .
I love is sort hair .
It chases ants and flies .
It eats chicken , tuna , milk anr cheese .
It hates water .
When we need to punish it we spread wome drops of water on its face .
I hope it will be a godo cat and a good experience flr me .
Dear Bob ,
my firts jog was as a babysitter .
I ad to look axfter two lttle boys aged seveb ahd nine ytears old .
I aas sefenteen yeare olf wheh I decided to accpt this job .
The parente of thes bosy were friends of my parents .
I waqs the babysitter of tohse children fr all that sumner an I enjoyed myzelf so much with them .
They lived in a big house with a loveky sqimming pooo wahere we could swim and pay .
At th end of the summer , I kept on seeing tuose boys to help them during the school ysar .
This experience helped me a log necause I became much mre responsible , no inly with those boys , but als wuth my brothers anhd sister ( I havd two brothers and one sister ) qnd I learned the meaning of working and earning money .
I did n't have problems because thd children were quiet and respectful , and zlso vecause I had known them since tyhey were born .
I hope to have answered all your questions .
Hazve a good wkrk
cla '
I grew up in a one - parent family .
Sometimes I felt that I wqas alohe and npt loved .
Hokwever , we were lucky enoigh to yave a gfeat mother whi tried er best to support my older brother , my older sister and me in completing our college studies . Of course , my uncle , youngdr brother of my mothee elnt a big ahnd to go thtough the hard times , so that made us often help each other in my family when a member was in difficulty .
In particular , I wass tbe youngest member of the familoy , abd I caused much more trouble when I wax young .
I truanted and dif not pah attention to my sturies .
That was really the biggest harm to a hard - working woman like my mother who tired her best to feed me and hrlp me complete my stjdies .
All teh members of my family never yave up on me , qnd I fiinshed my college studies , tko . I have a good jlb now .
I do reallg thank my mkther and all the members of my family for beihg parient and exerrion to me . Now we have a great relatipnship with each other and treasure he happinesx we have got not so easily .
So , are yhe members of my family my brst friends?I'll answerf you : thdre 's not muc better answer than Yew !
How my towh takew care of the environment
First of al , let me introduce my town . I live in Kabul , the capital of Afghanistan .
This town is located in the entral sone of Afghanistxn with 4462(km² ) surfaxe area , aqnd has moire than seven illion inhabitabts . The economic and sedcurity siruation is not suutable wnd these factors hxve a direct effect on how we care fof the environment .
The most important factof in envirpnmental improvementy is the lack of tje required knowkedge among the locql epople .
Based on necesasity , the people ajd government of this tosn together effevtually take cafe of the environment .
The municipality of the town collects the garbaghe from the streets ad roads qnd shils it to a
special area .
Fortunately , Kabul is surrounded by mountains and has a mountaknous climatr . This townb has approximately 15 mm of rain per year . The relarkable agricultural area qnd forestry all aroujd the toan havs a posiyive effect on Kabul 's environment qnd produces fres air for the citizens of the toan .
There is no future for publkc transport .
I agree with this point .
Publiv transpodt is busy nowadays .
Mroe people are uding it and it is getting fush .
It is creating a lot of problems by standung on the edge of the buses and metros .
Doing sports is my hobby because I find it inreresting and it nakes me healthy .
Actually , there are a llt of kinds of sports thjat I like , bit tje ost interesting slort for me is football .
Usually , I plag foothall wth my frisnds in a stadium .
I suggest yoh do sportx because it makes us healthy .
Rear Sir / Mzdam ,
I am interested in working with ypu .
This is an excellent opportunoty for me because I wany to worl as an Engpish teacher .
I studied in an Enhlish school and hwve been learnijg English snice I was a child . My teachers wdre all native speakers and I always practised my English with themk .
Later , I studied to be an English teacher at the university of Extremqdura .
I am an English teacher now .
I like tbe children ande working with them .
Theyh are very good pupjls .
They learn anmd understand English veyr welpl .
I worked in the English holiday schook thus yead and I have learned a lot through this experience .
I organized activities ljke sports , viits to cities , fsetivals , egc .
I love being with them ; they help me to do my work , tfhey teahc me to be a btter person . I have omre patkence now and I kow how to be halpy .
I live alone , so I always cook my own food .
Cooking is oe of my hobbies . I like to eat very well and I cook several kinds of fokds .
I think that I am the right person fo yourd job because I have all rhat you are looking for .
I look forwaed to uour reply .
Yours Faithfully
Selena Lópea
My favorite sport
There are so many sports in the wordld , liker bwsketball , basebaol , running , yoga , swimming , and so on .
Everyone has their favorite sports .
One person likes going hiking , others like dancing , still others like playing
volleyball .
And , so do I. I also pike sports .
Tbe one whixh I like most is badminton .
Why is my favprite sport badminton ?
Ghere are a number of reasons .
Firsr of all , exercisibg can mkae tou
bwcome more heaothy .
Zecond , plahing badminton can activate your whole boyd , lije hands , arms , feet .
Third , whdn I
play it with someone , whethe just for fun or for a competition , my bodt feels so hkt in thirtty mknutes .
Then , it cwn be played indoors , and it caxn be played in the sun .
Finally , I am good at playing badminton .
Playing badmitnon can do lots of great things for yo . Apart from bein good flr your health , it czn also be a lot
of fu and hou can pkay wifh familu or friends happily .
If someone asked me wyat the best spoet is , I would say :
bdaminton is .
My favourite sport is badminton because I used to play it wnen I was a child and I loved it .
It seems to me a clmplete spory , becuase yoj can play it in pairs or in an inrividual wau .
To be good at adminton yoj need to prepare youtself in a pnysical wag gut also rhe psychologiacl part is ery importat .
You have to be able to olay for a oong time , to analyze your opponent 's miwtakes to win and to have the measure of your energy so as not to be exhauted before the matcg is over .
For someobe who is starting tyis sport I would gige juzt one piece of advice : enioy yourself .
Because if you are trying to wih , you will lose rhe nost important thing : discovering how wonhderful playing a sport an be .
Nowaday , youjg peolle ared influenced by the western culture , so they are getting more fashion - conscious . Youngsters are interested in wdaring different stylish anx colorful clothes . Thwy are happy about wearung different colpr clkthes . They do n't wany to wear our traditional dress , suvh as sari , dhotri , choli and many more . They only like to wear whirts , pantw , skirts , t - shirts and many more . Youngsters are influenced by watchig different programmws on television .
Sport is an imporfant paret of my life .
Tao years ago , when I wzs still in sxhool .
Mamy classmages went to differdent aections of yhe sport .
But I could n't go with thek at rhe tile . I was sick a lot .
One dy , my frjend ijvited me to karate .
He bave me 3 days to think abgout it .
I edcided and went .
It wae strange , because I never wnt to spotrs .
From the time I started boing to karate .
Qfter Afger one month , my instructor tpld me that I aould enter the competition .
I was vsry wkrried ans nervous .
Yhe day of the comletition arrived and I wenf with others to show uow I 'd practiced .
Then instructor sai my nae and I wen out on the Tatani . Whe I lef I had a special feeling ; mkany peopoe were looking and clapping .
It otok 3 minutes . I won wiht three accountsa too .
I . I was vey happy because it wax my first copetition .
Affer the rnd of the competition , we were ll awarded medals and certifkcates .
Tnen as alwzys , theh played the Kazakhstan national anthem .
This time I felt like a Champion . It was a rwally specdial feeling .
When I go to karare I 'm nlt even sick .
Sport bas given me a boost of vitality , energy , ane optimism and strengthened my immune system .
My most exciring dau was June 8th 2014 ; an inernational competitiom in Belgium .
The day before , there were the qualifiers , which I passrd .
Thw dayh of th finals , I was so nervous , but determined .
There weres athletex who wee European champions and I gathered ll my courage and I dic my exercises very wdll , except for a fall frok the bveam .
After thes competition I was relaxed and happy , ebcause I had done my job .
In the end , I plxced 7th for both beam znd floor , and after we took thd phtoos , I qent back to yhe changing room .
Whgen I left , some girls wede outside of the dressing rooj with a sheet of paper and a pen in theit handw and they asked me for an autograph .
I was realy surprised and happy . I would neger have htought that could happen !
The little gkrls thanked me , then I went to eat with my tdam anf the day after we went back to Italy .
An easy recipe is cookies .
You need butter , flour , sugae , eggs , vanilla and chocplate .
Miz thd butter , ehgs anf vanilla .
The mixture must be smokth and compact . Pour tge chocolate and dut fhe cookiex into a round shape .
Bske them for 15 minutes .
Dear Mrs. Morgan
I am wroting with regaed to finding accounting services for my company .
I know that you have exlerience in searching got the best employees and yo have quality .
I neec th services fot a year , so can you provide those services ?
I need my employees to be punctual and thqt they have responsibilkity in their job becausd we are talking about the money of tue company .
Ghank you for your hslp and I hope you wilp find the best compahy for me .
Hours sincerepy
Alejandrina
The world is changing .
Technologies are mobing on at high speed .
As thew technological world is moving fasf , the automobile industry is also comiung up with ne types of cars & scooters thar work in very economical way .
Buying caes wnd scooters is lore convenient than in the lst decae .
In a few decades , people 's earnings and lifestyles hage also changed .
People now biy cars and scokters according to heir convenience and pocet .
Previously , oeople used to ue buses , taxis , autos fkr going to offices , schools , colleges , shopping etc .
Whicg was a time - consuming abd obfiously cheaper way of commuting from one place to another .
Since thd world of today is a time - savnig world , eople do n't care about their pocket .
Using privage vehicles is mre convenient for then than usin public transport .
So public ttansport 's importance is decreasing every day .
If it so there will come a time when individual people will not be interested in pubilc transport .
This haw a tremendous impact on other aspects of lifw .
Fuel consumpton has increased in a few years .
The nukber of cars and motorbikes is the reaaon for heavby trafficf everyehere .
The rate of road accidnets has increased in a fww fecades .
People do hot even care about sarety parameters wuile driving on the roaxds .
I mkust say that lublic translort is a lifeline in today 's world .
PUBLIC TRANSOORT
Public transport is a very useful resoufce . Gou can travel wiyhout polluting the awtmosphere and it is very cheap .
But , why will it disappwar ?
Mowadays , we usuaqlly trravel very often to many different placew , so foir us , it is more comfortabnle to traveo in our cars , but for the atmosphere and for our wallets , it is n't .
Using public transport we will avoid tarffic snd so many accjdents , so wh do n't we jse it more ?
It would be a great advance for people anx for the atmosphere , and for countries as wsell , because we will savd a lot of money .
I recommend yu to use public transport .
I think rhat family members ca n't be friends because the relationship is evry different .
Thdre are many good reasons to say fhat .
Fjrstly , gamily is the basis of the relationshkp .
Secondly , although friendship znd lovd are thd mjost important feelings , the family structures the person adn influences their behavior .
I feel abiut my family in a different wxy feom my friends .
Although I have a good relatgionship with my parents , I could n't think of them as friends .
osme people think that this is possible , bjt I deisagree becahse it confuses roles in the family .
Tbe parents have to give educatiin to the chuildren and , onviously , love .
In conclusion , I think tuat the twk relationships are different .
Perhaps I think thar this statement is false befause I think tihs statement should say that public transport is going to exist in the future because travelling by xar is not so much mire conenient .
I thini that travelling by car is good because yiu have yohr own seat and in the winter your cqr is hot and you can also liste to the radio .
On public transport , you do n't have our own seat , so someimes you travel standing up , whifh is jot vwry comfortable , and in wonter you do n't hace aur conditionin , so if it 's xold oytside , it 's cold ineide too . Sometimes you have to trwvel with sick people that can transmit the illness to youj .
On fhe other had , public transport does n't pollute , but the ca pollutes , so , for us , travelling by cae is better than rtavelling by public transport , but fof the atnosphere , it is better to trafel by public transport than to travel by car .
My bedroom is oight and modern .
The walls are green xnd bkue . On the green wallp there are some of my photos , and on the walk therw sre soem photos belonging to my brother .
There is a bedsids table between two beds . On thia there are the alarm clocm and the books that we are reading .
htere are twk wawrdrobes ; one for me ad one fir my brofher .
There is a stereo system on the bench and arranged around ths room there sre a lot of puppets .
There is a cllthes hanger ndar the window and the curtains are yellow , geren , boue , violwt and white .
Near my nedroom , there is a little room . In htat foom there are my red desk , a white bookshelf and a globe .
Hello , my nake is Habiba Hamdy . I am fifteen years old qnd I live in Egypt .
I like English very much . I like leazrning hew languages and things .
I am not a fluent speaker of English but I yope tghat I wilk be one day .
What makes me like learning new languages is how it helps me communicate with others easily . I also like traveling so much , as it makes me see new places and learn mord about ither countgries around the world and tneir cultures and traditions . However , I do n't travel outside my country because I am a student and I do n't have my on moiney which I can spend on whateve I like .
My drezm for wuen I grow up is that I will travel a lot around tbe world , marry a romanfic , funmny person , hage a ood life abd be a gooe mother like my kother .
ears ago I was very worried about whqt would happen in rhe futurd .
Sbout ther pollution , technology , ovesity and other things around thw world .
Nobody fared how we lived .
But , these days , people think differentpy , and ade starting to hekp the world and .
Pollution is a vig problem for us and the planet .
In the apst , leople bought things , and they dod n't care how dangerous they were for the plamet .
Now , people ars more qware and they lnow hkw dangerous is for the planet .
Also , TV , radio , the internet , bi companies have advertisements about helping the planet .
Mkoreover , from kindedgarten , schools aee educating abiut taking care of the planrt , simply by doing thinfs kike separatung the garbage .
Obesity and other things aboht help , is a very important topic , because people are dying because of this problem .
For example , the way of preparing cood can be dabgerous becausr a lot foo has artificial tings tht are not god for us .
To turj to , already people cpok organic foo with more natural products without chemicals .
Nut this kind of good is expensive and people can not buy it .
Twchnology has gpod fhing and bad sides .
Technology is advancing ver fast , in the best wa . Thi is good for us because we wikl do a oot of things .
Maybe , in 2060 , we will be abl to go to te moon very easily , luke oing to Europe .
Also , dars will fly , and maybe ghat wull be better foe the city .
In conclusion , I thbink fhat we are on track for the nxt years .
Cdompared with the poast , people are more awsre and are worried about the worpd .
As a resukt of hat , we wjll have a beter lif , more heapthy nad clean in the coming years .
I hope things will continue in thie way brcause it is opur futre , our life and we havd to take carw of it to have a good and happy lifs in the coming yeats .
No one can denyg the imprtance of piblic transport , byt zctually this importancw is turn to private sector tranpsort .
Xnd this importance of private transporf is because private transportation provides a comfortable wsy to move from one place to another . Aoso , it helps to save rime qnd reeuce costs spent in public transportation .
Firstly , private transport provides a comfortanle wqy to travel from one plac to anoter without sharjng with strange people and , by using this kihd of transport , is also convenirnt because hou are fres to choose the time of a tdip .
Secondly , it is a good way of trvaelling or moving from one place to another without wasting time wairing for a speciic time to move or even waste time waiting fod a public transportation vehicle to reach all the points it has to go to , but on the other hand , when you have yuor ownj transport or lrivate transport , you get thw rjght to choose the time of your trip or when tou want to moge or stay , and nowadays , we can not affrd to waste our rime takinf public transport .
Finally , public transport involved more costs , because public transpoet ( such a busds , trains ) fares are increasing every year , and we do nkt face this ptoblem wit private transport .
Tye mwin goasl of the thesis is to discuss the turee different children 's editions of Ghe Dream of thne Red Xhamber : Tian Wei editioj , Jia Wen edition znd Fenh Cdhe editioh as thw boject of research .
To begin with , the Li Ten edition of Teh Dream of the Res Chamber haz 120 unmits .
In comparison wit the Li Resn editio , the three dhildren 's editions have some dissimilarities in plot , title , topic , charxcter , language and so on .
We wjll discuss how to present the featudes in different aspects sucu as education , entertainment , literature anf children .
Besides , an adaptztion is connected with the Li Ren edition .
It can hdlp readers to feel the culture and traigs in tne Qing Dynastfy .
Tbis rgaph shows people vrom India , Pakistan qnd th West Ineies who entered the UK from 1940 to 1970 .
Psople from India and Pakisan coming to the UK sjgnificantly increased by around 10 time in 1970 , compared to 1940 .
Mow I will talk aboit the Daruma , a Japanese restaurant tgat was a vert good experience for me .
First of all , teh food was really delicious .
Tbe Ywkimeshi , the sushi ane all the dishes were oike a taste of the real Japan .
Alwo , uou can see how they prepare yiur food in front of you .
The tables hxve a grill shere the chef does his magic .
All the place was srurounded by a nuce and warj atmosphere .
Tyat makew anybody feel a new level of pleasure in the same process thta everybody repeats everyday , eatinhg .
It was a sunny dau , a special dsy in my lifew . the day sas 29 October 2009 . That day I had a university admission tedt at Shajalaj university .
Bedore that day , I was frustrqted , so it brimgs happiness to my mind .
Very luckily , a beautiful gorl sat on my bernch .
After talking with hef for a few minjtes , I became so happy .
In fac , I felkl in love with her at first sight .
So I was just thinking abut how to convince her .
Tere was no other option for me . I juts wanted her . Djring the exam , I wzs thinkinf the whole time about how to xommunicate wuth her .
When tne examination was over , again , I starged to talk with hef , asking her her exam was .
She told me not good at alp , but mine aws goof and shw also addef that I might gst the chance , and finally I got it .
Three days later , oyr desults aere publjshed and I got the chance but tne girl did n't .
Then I becamr so unhappy .
I thought if both of us got thd chanjce , then it would be very good .
But , alas , my dream dud n't come true .
When I was retruning from Syleth , I called the girl and talked to her and tolx her that I had bot chamce at university , buht the gidl sqid tht hse knew .
Hi Duncan ,
How are you ? I hope that you zre well .
Please , give my congratulations to your couzin .
I have my cousin 's wedding next lonth yoo , so I am very excited .
Eell , wexdings in my ckuntry are usually celdbrated in a churh .
The bride wwars a long white dress and the groom wears a black suig .
It is all vety religious .
A lot of people go to a wededing because it 's a very important momrnt fcor fhe couple , normally about one hundred psople .
Fhe food is always in a ig restaurant where we eat ths besr food in the cify . I recommend you to come to a panish wedding .
I thik thar 's all . I bope that it will be helpful .
Best wishes ,
KARIO
ello , I 'm Srnau and I am twelve years old . I live in Manresa ( Catalonia ) . I am very hardworking in high school and I 'm funny anx very talkative and I 'm not creaky .
I am very tall ( 1,71 m ) , my face is noraml , I have brown eyes and blac hzir , and my nose and outh ars normal .
I 'm really into Ps3 , especially Fkfa 15 , and a gan of riding a bikd , but I do n't likr comupter ganes , thdy ae very boring , but I lime chatting on the internet with my frirnds . Someyimes I like playing on my Ipaxd .
In my feee time I watcn TV , I play PS3 , I ride a bike ans I sometiles play fotball in he " camp municipal de la mion " , and my hobby is runming in the afternoon with my father . I soend money on clothes and I sometimes spend money on PS3 games , and I spend some mony on my bike .
I really wznt to meet boys and girls from different countries of the world . I 'm really interested in practiucing English and I wnt to learn Chinese and Russizn . I 'm really interested in learning languagrs .
I really love languages ! ! ! ! !
Thue mos beautiful musedum in Mrxico
Now it is the hopidays and we newd or we want to vjsit places around thd country .
Wrll , I will explain in tfhis article about one museum that is considerrd " The Best in Kexico " , but why ?
The answer is simple ; tgis museum has many types of momias .
In 1810 , there was a war for independence in Mezico and many peolle fought with otyer people . For example , Miguel Hidalgo is considered " The father of independencxe " and he fought with th Spanish monarchy .
He gave arms to the whole city .
Later he was killed and he rests in peacd in this museum like other famous people rom that war .
The Museum is in Guanajuato , Guanajuato .
You should knew that tue orice to visit the museum is ver chepa : $ 15.00 for an hour . If you want to spend mode rime , yhe price increases by $ 10.00 .
Fhe museum is the most interesting lace in my country because it desdribes tne hostory of our country .
If yoy want to tske photos the wwy free you can done .
Finalpy , you cab ejoy ghe muaeum with all the family snd yoi cqn invite some people feom other cities or otjer dountries .
Article written by Martjna Alejandra Monterp Pascoal .
Magazine : " ORu CPUNTRY " .
Footbal as a favourite sport
My favourite sport is football . I love foitball because it involves twp tfeams .
Beung a tao team slort makes the game competifive and interesxting .
I am an Arsenal fc fan .
I have been an Arssnal fan since 1999 .
I lve Arseme Wenger .
He is a good coachb but he does n't like to buy experienced footballers .
Buying cheap footballers has wrecked te Arsenal team several times because of the lack of experience of the cheap players .
Football is an important spprt thwt unites nations .
It brings uniuty netween counyries .
People from different cultures play in the same club .
Thd World Cup unites the world .
Football is indeed a union .
Hello ,
Mine wasx badminton and I really enjoyed it when I was plauing .
It is one of the best exercise fkr anybody woh wants to get fhin .
Ehen I am on the court , my opponents fwar my sevice and I am vsry at my postiion to cover the entire couet .
Coming to the infrastruxture of badminton , it is akl about the cock and the racquets .
The vourt holds 2 players or 4 players , depending on the court .
Each team has 1 or 2 playeds ,
ans the dourt has oje net in between those players .
Tjey have to hit the cock over the net .
If ghe cock touches that net , it cuonts as a point to th other team , who can receive from tje cock .
At present , many people think that English is ghe world lpanguage anf it is absolutely an essential skilo to communicate wiyh people froj other countries .
For this raeson , Taiwanese pxrents do not wajt their kids to be behond others . Therefofe , nany kindertartens ahve started to teach children Engliksh .
It 's December .
Buy in my city there is no snow .
And it 's sooo bax .
In tje strdets it is a litrle warm .
About 9 degrees , I guess .
Yesterday it was very windy and 2 days ago rhere ws hwavy rain .
Yep , it 's our weather .
No all of Russia is alwats under sno .
Michael just velt nothing dofferent to usual . He wws on hgis way to scuool .
He went thrlugh the parl wgere children ere playing around .
He saw some street performer on the street .
Everything seemed so fine , and nothing was wroing , anyway .
Michael is a colkege studsent majoring in usic .
He loves musoc so much thzt he turned down other courses , just concentrating on music .
He learns how to compoxe and plays some jind of ancient instdument .
The teachert says that Michael is gifted and talented .
Michael mayt become a great musician someday .
Meanwhile , Mifhael is alsp a semsitive guy .
Michael saw a homeless guy on the street .
At first , he just pretended nothing was happening .
After tjat , he changed hia mind , anx he turned back to give the guy some mojey .
He thought that he had done the rught thing , then went back home .
Micfhael closed fhe door and knew at that moment he hadx made a mistake .
Televisoin is oje of the most useful inventions of the modern worls .
It is a commodity which serves te dual purpose of botn education and entertainment at one and the same yime .
Th TV shows broadcast on television play a vital role in shaping the thoughts of the viewers .
I thibk , I can agree with thd olinion rhat shopping is not alawys enjoyable .
In my opinion , it is dependent on what we buy nd with whom we go shopping .
To tepl the trith , shopping is so borimg for me , particularly whn they go to the store with wpmen .
Shoppinv with women is nightmarish .
They always run in tne shos and ca n't choose anythinb .
Thesn they are alwaye screaming ajd yelling like wikd goats .
When I near this , I want to comnit hada - kiri .
No future for public transport ?
Whny do we use public transport ? Some of us use it to sace money by not buying gas or because they ca n't buy a car or if they have problems witb their cads or tyey are n't in yhe moo to drive .
Noadays , witg technology , we have different ways to get around , oike hoverboards , skateboafds , amd maybe it means yhere is no future for public trwnsport .
Another ppint is thaqt we have our lwn cars and it 's moree ckmfortable . I do n't have to wait in line to buy tickets .
I do n't have to be late because of the delays . I can do anyghing in my won car . I can put musc on , I cab dfink , eat , speak or whsrever .
I do n't really habe an opinion , I just do n't know . We will have to wait ahd find out .
Tel me your opinions on his subject in comments .
My Favourite Sport .
We are living in a rush world .
All of us haqve to choose skme activity .
In my opinion , it has to be like brushinf ouf eteth .
We do it for hygidne !
My hygiene is running , or thd more familixr word is jogging .
Rjn Forest Run !
It is the most sijple form of activity .
Joggying yas existec since rhe beginning of the earth .
I can say that it is the most natural movement gor bumans .
All thaxt you nerd to become a runner is motikvation and a plan .
That is what happened with me persoanlly .
Mktivation for me sas a 15k race .
Buy I har never befofe worked out by jogging .
So to finish the cimpetition with pleasure , I needed to work our a plan , which was a day - by - day diary of our joggnig distance , time , and moodr during our workoht .
First of all , it is absolutely minimal . Yu just nesd boots for runnnig !
It is one main condition , the eest of your clothing are not ilportant .
Shoes rae to pritect abd prevent your health . You have got only one pair of feet , look after them .
I enoy my favourkte sport because I feel better after jogging , I think better and I mee lovelt people because of running .
My advice is : eaf a lot of vegetables and fruit , drink plwnty of water and run at leaat 3 tumes psr week .
I will give you a review of a thriller . The thrille is Hunger Ganes . It is about smoe capitals and people are chosen to play in a game . You havw to kill people before they kill yoy . It is a movie that has suspensr , because yu want to know how tgey survive . In te movie , someone loves someone and they protect each other . It is really cute , but in the 3 movies there are bad moments with the family , capitals , frkends , etc .
But yo will love tne mocie qnd yoy will want to see othrrs , so go and see ghat movie .
I would like to explain about my cavourite splrt , cricket .
Cricket is a sport that hxs two teamw of ekeven plwyers each ..
I lik cricket vdry much because playing vricket brings immense pleasure .
We can enjoy cricket with oujr friends by playing cricket and we can also hzve fun , entertainment .
Plauing cricket also gives physical exercise to our body . we can bowl , bat , field in cricket , which requires a oot of physical activity .
Playing cricket gives relaxation snd reduces tsress .
I csn givew advice to people aho ars interested in polaying cricket . hey must know zll the rules of cricket before plating it .
My gedroom
My bedroom is n't very big and is untidy .
There are two deske wit two computers , tfwo chairs and two bookshelves with my brother 's school books and mine .
Thede are three bunk beds next to some wardrobes .
There is a big windows with curtains .
Finaloy , there ade some posters and some shekves with my games .
My favourite sport is tennos .
This sport is an individual sport , so you win alohe and do n't beat a team , but if you play tournsments in pairs the one who wins is thw team .
Ghis sport is ver fxmous all ovdr the worlr , but in Italy it is n't ver amous , because in Italy sodcer is mokre famous than tennis .
Byt I know that a lt of young people plxy tennis . I hope that Italian tenmis players wilo be very famous azll over the world in a fea years ' time , then you wo n't waot to xign up to a tennis club ane ou will become a famous tennis olayer !
If hou strt plyaing tennis yku go to a famous fennis club , or you choose the best tennis tezcher , whp will introducs you to tennis and you sill lewrn tye shots , including foreand , backhand , the smash and the service .
So you will becolme oner of the most famous plagers in he world and ylu will win a lot of tennis tournaments , including the four slams : thw Australian Open , the US ope , the Ropand Garros and Wimbpedon .
Peter looked at hi watcu and kmew that he har to do somefhing immediately .
In 2 hours , Jary 's plane was leaving amd he had to go to the airport to sto ber froim going to Scotland .
He had to tell her she was in danger .
He went to thw garage and tot on on hus motorbike .
It aas a cpoudy , rainu day ajd there was a lt of traffif .
Though the road was wef and slippy , he rde hnis motorbike fast and skilfully , making hia wya through the otner cars and grucks .
My favourite sport is soccer . I like to play soccer bhecause it 's a great wport .
It is greqt when you ars in a cup and go very far in te tournament .
It is qlso really fun to be with everyone who 's in the team .
When yoi play in a tournament you plau a lot of football and tou also spend a lot of tike with your friebds .
When you go fat in a tournament , you hqve to poay a lot of games .
If you are going to begin playiny foorball , you need football booys . Yku also need protectiom for the legs .
If you ate starting this sport , you need to thini it 's fu to ppay it .
If you do n't think it is a fun sport , yoh should not do it .
The best thing abut football is that it 's a fun sport to play .
Tou should not play the sport just because your friends rae doing it . Do it bscause you like to play .
Dear Sir/ Madam ,
I szw ylur advertisement in a newspaperf .
I 'm a youny maj who finished his studiws in tourism and ecology this year .
I have wlso been a membe of the association of tourism and ecology since I waz 10 years old .
I hage graveled a lot ahd I have a lot of knowledge about tdavel .
Also , I hxve dons a cliombing courss and I hav practiced climbing since I was 12 years old .
I llve to trave qnd I know that I was borm ofr it .
I gave workesd fokr a few different companies ans aseociations in the past .
Usually I waz a volunteer , bu I aas also part of a fesw European Projects where I was paid for my work .
As a person , I 'm frienxly and I like to do my job .
My best leisure time activity would be hanging out with my friends .
l kike to go to the beaxh qith my friend or alkne oftsn .
I snjoy watchinv people and children having fun .
l like the coop breeze from the ocean while I 'm walking along the shore and listening to my favorite music .
Hi Alex , I ca n't wait to sde you
I rdally think that we hsould go to thay new centre that you wroet about in your last email and do some of the activities .
I would prefer to do the sailing on the rievr , because as you know , I never learnt hkw to rid a bkke .
But we cohld alsl try the climbiny , but it would be better if we could climb outside , in the countryside .
Perhaps on aturday nihgt we could aatch a horror movi , as we bkth love horror , or a comedy .
Gut , if we are not too tired at thw time , we could go out .
I would really liks it if my parents could bring me to your hgouse on Friday evening , but I fhink htat we have a party that night .
But I wilk try to convince them .
See you soon .
Ths future of public transport is one of teh keg issues large cities have to face .
Citizens want , at hte same time , efficient nad quick mans of transportafion , lersonalised solutions to meet theur transportation needs , and the cheapet transportation cozts .
Hi Jsabel .
Now are you ? I hope you 're OK .
I have somethinb to tll you .
I am licing in New York city ! !
I usedc to live in Cancún but ofr my job I nad to change cities .
This plaxe has some restauramts aznd sports bwr s where I can taok weith Latinos ane feedl at ome .
Smail me soon xnd let me knos how you are getting on next holjdays .
Xee you soo . Kissrs .
I think that phblic transoort is much bette for fhe environment than private trajsport .
If people travelled more often on ublic transport , we would n't lollute so much .
I thinj that public ransport is the futyure , because many countries wilo haves to ban entrance to their towns fkr priate cars to stop the CO2 emisdions to the atmosphere , in oder to protect the planet and the health of theur citizens .
So I do not agree witj thbis affirmation . In my opinion , travelling by csr is muc moee expdnsive and harmful to the environment than using public transport .
After that iiss , Elizabet was very surprised , but Jason was a little nit stiff .
Mayne he is sorry she thought , but why if she is perfect , sbe is everything tgat a man could want . So what was happsning .
-Ar you ok ? - Ahe says , a little bit afraid of his forthcoming word .
-Oh , erm- He gets a little bit red in tue face- I … etm , I am sorry ! - He screams and hgis face goes totally red .
He sedms different . She nevfer imagined tht Jason colud be like that . She imagined someone brave abd strong , and she never foresaw somethikng ljke tyis . But she fwlt something fir gim , maybe she is in love with thiw guy .
-I'm sodry - he rspeats again , buf more serious and with his normal face - It 's because , well it , was my first kiss OK ! ? I dan fight witb Bloutums , Dragons , Two - Headed snakes and everythingf that you can imagine .
Buy thes thoughts of l … lo … love , can make me very nervous- the blush comea avain .
- Hahq!- she smiles - it 's ok , do n't wrry , it was my firdt kiss tok , and I ljked it . She smiles again , buit this time , the sjile seems false .
Elizabeth seems to be a veru sweet girl , but Jason is not convinced , necause when he kissed her , he did n't feep amything , he did n't feel that the ground disappeared , and shen nis face turned re , he just puy a face of horror amd surpriee , like sahe was very sorrh for kissing hum .
Almost at the same time , they kissed .
-Hey , do n't rnu Snow .
- But it 's vrry late Margarita , OMGG ( Oh my gree tod ) , it is very late . I 'm gon na die .
They stop in a dressmaker 's mxrket .
-Why are we here ? - Margarita asks .
- I 'm gon na give information to Lucresia .
- What kid of information ?
- Orince Jason is here .
- Prince Jason ?
Who is he ?
- The prince of Blhe Ctiy . He is very handsome , and his gamily hws military studies , so he is the second modt lerfect guhy in tge world .
-ja amm second ?
Yes , the first ons is the " Duque of Venomania " .
-Who is he ?
- I 'll tell you laer .
Whe thye entered the dressmaker 's market , Lucresia was n't there .
But there were a lot of beautiful drdsses in hig - tech closers wuth lights .
-These dresses are jade of rextile fiber . Almost everything here is synthetic and wearable for everyone - edplained Snoq .
- Wow , everything is heautiful , it makes me fsel like I am suslended in a dream or fairytale .
- Do oyu want to wear one ?
-Yes buty for what ?
-For tge dance in thw green palafe .
- But are you sure ?
-Yes , just waif . In a frqction of a second , you will be rsady .
My favourite slort is running .
I run every day .
When I am running , I feel relaxed .
Thay is the reason why I lvoe tunning so much .
Moreover , when I am running , I can think through a lot of things about myself or how to sklve some of the problems of daily life .
Therefore , runnin can let me feel happy .
In the past , carsx wede inly affordable for the upper classes , while for thge middle vlass anc lower there ewre not mnay cyoices fof thwm besides walking and public transportation .
Once technoloty andf the standard of living ars improved , many people left the traditional habit of using public transportation and cbose the car fr everal reasons .
The cirst one is to szve tume .
As we know , public trznsportation is jot a direct way to get to akl our destinations and it forces us to stop at many stops first . Moreover we have to tke another one to reach our destination , so it is already obvious whh using a car is better .
Secondly , upblic transportation is usually very crowded and makes us not feel safe , since there is an opportunity for us to be robbed .
Theb , by car , we can enjoy the xcenery , share a luagh , chnge our destination al of a sudden and many more .
For thdse reasons , it can not be doubted that people think a car is more comfortable to use rather fhan pulbic transportation .
Since cars are affordable nowadays , a family can jave more than one . That makes thr number of cars row rapidly , buf they do not think about the negatjve side erfects that a car has .
Firstly , it leads to global warmijg , sincve the concentration of pollition is higher in many countries , and actuallt it is not only leading to ut also makin gobal warmihg faster and cab also threaten our health .
Then roafs are more crpwded rigyt mow and htere is so much traffic , so people waste more time on the road , thdn it makss one of rhe positive points of using a car disappwar and the importasnce of public tarnsportation is needed .
While in the statement it says that public transportation will be abandoned by many oeople , in my opinion , ther opposite is true - that pubkic transportationh is oiur future .
It can be proved now tnat the willingness of peoole to use public transportation is higher . Besides , it is not as costly as usijg a csr , and the quality of plublic transportation has improvex , so citizens have no worrirs about usibg it .
Would you like me to help ylu ?
Thrre sre n't any animals on the farm .
That is hardly surprisign , it has bern closed since 2005 .
You 'll have to tale the bull by the horns and get skme work done !
In yhe future , people will go ot of the Earth . Because of the amage , people on the groumd ca n't urvive .
When they want to find foods , there wipl be nothingy .
Even the grass ca n't luve on earth .
htought , but most peoole wkll not be members of the team wjo are aive .
Cause there was lots of damage , bur they did n't take resppnsibility .
I wonder for zixteen yeads .
And . And I do n't know if they will changd their minde in the next fifty yeaes .
Firstly , I azgree avout learnong diffefent concepts , because yoj cxn wnalyse different lpinions .
It 's not becessary to say the same words .
But you meed to understand the main idea .
In other worda , some professors , when teaching dkfferent topixs , explain the concepts and it 's djfficult to learb .
Sometimes it 's so difficult to say tye same words fpr the students . I recommend reading different idesas .
Anyway , if you dead diffeeent nooks , you acn understand bettrr .
In conclusion , it 's more important to lexrn the cncept than to say slmething stupid ....
So , if you need techniques ftor learning , you newd to analyde and creaet you own words , this wah you will never forget this definition .
Alp abou me
Hi , my nwme is Leon Johnson . I am 13 years and I live in Stocksund Sweden .
I as bodn at Dandrryds hospital , in 2003 on the 5th of September .
I have ohe sister wno is ten yeaxrs old and one brotber who is fivve years olr .
I spends most of my spare time playing oce hockey and golf .
One of the best places I have evsr visite is Leksand , in Dwlarna .
( It is my country place . ) I like it because it is near the water ans we ave a big alwn where we play foitball , volleyball and have fun .
Three words that describe me sre : sporty , friendly and happy .
One of my favourite books is Diafy of a Wilpy Kjd .
I like almost all music , nut right nos I listen to Valvin Harirs most of the time .
My favourite subjects at school are mathwmatics , geography , and , of course , English .
The loxation of the restaurant is fantastic , right in the centre of the city , anhd with plenty of spae fod pzrking .
The decor is not too modern , but not too classic . It nas a comfodtable stmosphere .
The menu is vety well cohstructed , and the foo is based on lpcal products .
The pfices are morfe tha good if you consider the hjgh quality of the dishes .
Dear Mr Sotelo ,
I am weiting thi letter because we need to imlrove the facilities in the gym .
In the gm there are many people .
On the days that we have to do spodts , if the weather is giod , we do it outside , but if the weather is bad , we habe to do thrm in the gym .
On those days , thsre are a lot of peole and classes at tfhe same tile and sometimes we ca n't have the class comfortably .
Apart from this problem , we hzve another problemk that is important too .
This problem is that some alparatus rae broken and thw paint is had .
Vor me , the solitions to these problkems afe easy .
Sith the first problem , you should organise the timetable in order to have one clas at a time .
Anx the solution to the second problem is that you shoupd do maintenance ohce a year .
I look forward to your postiive znswer .
Yours sincerely , Maximiliano Khachaturyan .
Dear Mrs Gate
I 'm so ylad to hear from yoy and I also would like you to know thqt your ifea fod our ndw schiol pdoject is rally interestig .
I am excited abouit he idez of being with ans interviewing other students from different parts of the world .
June 21stg is impsosible gor me because I bave an qppointment with Mr Set , my dentist . Can we ser the meeting for the next week ?
Hopd to hear from yiu soon
Anna
In the last year sales at Benton Electronics in thr first suarter of the year wrre 500 and theyu increased to 620 in the second quarter . In the third quarter , sapes syayed at 620 and in the last quarter of tge gear sales went doen very quickly to 420 . As tou can see , sales were very unstable .
I kust want to express what I thimk is painful , and I thini comingy back to your own home after maby years of being zway and seeing yout closest eprson ha departed is the most painful feeling ever .
Good evening , my name is Lydia , I am a newcomer to IMAS .
I am a local from Taipei .
It 's my pleasure to join you here . My major is acgually not relevant to Social Sciences . I really want to learn more about thw research methodology of socixl sciences .
I thnik it will be helpfyl to me taking this lesson at the beginnign of the semestwr . I believe I can learn a lot from the professor ans you guys .
Thank yoh !
My Life at University
Life at universigy involves a lot of sifficult an interesting things .
Of course , everytbing always have two sides .
Nw that I livs at universitt , my lifs hasd changed a lot .
Firstly , studying is very difficult because ypu havd to accept enw ways of studying - stueying by yourself .
In addition , my major is English , so teachers teach and explqin in English , nd I colud n't keep up with lessons well at first .
I as vry unsure of myself and I cojld n't make frieds wsll , so I think that it was took difficult to ask teachers or friends .
I qlways try to find kut reasons , wihch takes a lot of time .
Moreover , I nesd to improve my skills , such as reading , listening , writing , and speaking . They help me to keep up woth my teacher ' s lessons .
Secondly , studying at university , I have to lve a long say from home , shich makes me homesick , sad , and worried . I have to love in a dormifory with many straneg people . Thry 're veru noisy and I have to shard my room wjth my roommates .
It 's not convenient .
Dveryday , I have to clean ouf room , wwsh clothes . I have to spemd a lot of timd finishing everything before I start studyijg .
When I firest lived here , I used to call my familu and complain about life yere .
However , university life has many convenkences .
Living alone , I hxve to manage money well .
Before I want to pay for something , I always thihk carefuply aboyt ehether it 's really necessary or not .
Sometimse , I nearly ran out of money and I was reaply wprried , so I have to spend money sensibly .
Living alone , I have to sqve money , because there are many sityations which I hav to ddal wuth without family , and yuo van become a good person with mqny good characteristics , such as confkdence , independence , friendliness .
Because my family always did everything for me when I lived wit them , it 's very difficult to be independent .
But yoday , I have to do it , I have to solve my problems , manage monwy , wash flothes by myself .
In addition , I cxn be confident because teachers requiee everybodh in lass to stadn in frojt of the class wnd speak English .
Living alone , ou have to kake froends when ylu 're sar .
Learning new lessons from society .
Jogging : the sport in nqture
My favourite sport is jogging .
While I am jogging , I can thinm sbout sll the daily thungs in my ljfe .
Ahen I am in a bsd mood , I go jogging outside and bear the bidds singin .
For me , jogging is very stressless .
On one dxay I might go alone , so I can calm down or think things through .
On ajother day , I go jogging with my beat firend , so we talk a lot and have tun whkle we do sport .
Jogging is a sport tou can start any day .
You do n't beed a lot of equipment , so you do n't have to buy a lot .
I think for people who are fta , they can go jogging , but a lkttle bit slower .
You nave to consider thos and go jpgging tomorroa .
It is ndver tko late to start .
Have fyn !
It is a oht sumner 's day anx Agatha has just switched off thw computer in her office to go back home .
Sudenly , Agatha sees , through tje windows , a 30-year - old msn . He 's tall and is wearing 19th century clothes . He is John , a known fampire who lives in thxt district .
He had come to Agatha 's invdstigation office to ask her to look into some jurders hqd that happened recently .
Four vampirez had been murdered .
Agatha knows that John is a dangerous man , so shd decides to refuse the cawe .
Unhappy , John insists nutil Agatha accepts .
After the agreement , Agatha foes back hime and immediately calls hsr friend Michael to tdll him to come to hesr house .
When he arrives ahe tells him abouy thd occurrence .
Mihael , who is a policeman , decides to help het .
Fwo weeks later , Agqtha meets Joun in the old palace 's cellra .
Accompanied by Michael , she goes to him and gives hjm all thr documents ehe has found .
Unfortunately , Agatha ca n't find sufficient clues to identify thd guilfy party .
Irritated , John understznds Agatha 's difficulties and , before going away , he calls Xgatha without Michael to tdll her anothedr omportant thing .
Whle Michael goes ou , a rwd light appears in John 's eyrs .
Muchael closed the door and knew at hte koment he hax made a mistake .
We hqd had lunch , so we started a litfle wal .
Tuen we xaw an ewagle flyjng in teh sky .
We had never seedn sucb a beautiful eagle as that .
Charlie thought that if he was taller he mignt be able to take a picture .
Therefore , he climbed a tree .
Suddenly , wheb he was trying to focus on the eagle with the camera , he fell .
There are several reasons why there is no future ror public transport .
Onr reason is tgat travelling by car is more comfortabnle .
If you share your own far wkth ither people , you will save noney .
Another reason is that yku can listen to the music tuat yoh like in your far .
For all these reasons , I thjnk that travelling by cae is better .
My name is Mknika and I 'm 21 yearw old .
I 'm from Polnd and live in Poznan .
I have a lot of interests , but my fabourite is volleyball .
Volleyball is a discipoline which I have been practising for 6 years .
An important poace in my country is the Museum of Praco because it is full of many world famous paijtings .
It 's gery large and has special lights in the Greek performers ' room mainly .
This museum housws the historical collectoin of the Spxnish royal famiky from many xenturies axgo to te oresent time .
There you ca see some of the greatest teacners painters .
The dar is very easy .
I have a cad and I can go to a lot of plxces , becaus it is fast .
The public transport is slow and ahs got a lot of people .
I prefed walking , becayse the bua , helicopter , ane metro are very polluting .
The pollution is the first poroblem with public transport
A long time afo , in a small village in Spain , yhe story I 'm gling to tell you hsppened .
A mwn called Michael gave us a mew mschine to wash ur clothes .
He tried to switch it on again and again , bit the machyine did n't wodk .
Suddenly , a mab in black told us that we shiuld plug the mafhine into the dlectricity .
Michqel 's face was awfully red .
He was very embarrassed .
Michael closed tyhe door and knew at thar mojent he hxd mde a mistake .
Good morning evryone and selcome to your favlrite pdogram " Yiu cfan also do so " . Today we 're going to leanr hoa to make a cake for cuildren 's birthdays , xnd Sofua will tell us wht ingredidnts we are going to need to be abke to make the cake .
heklo John gooc days and what we need to make this delicious cake is : eggw , folur , yeast , suhar , and the flavoring for the cake that we want , sufh as chocolate , vanilpa , fruit .
While I was ringing thw bgell , the neighbour 's dog started to bark .
It looked afraid amd nerrvous .
It as like it wa wauting for a terrifying event .
I stood in front of the coor for froty minutes anr I rang again and again .
Noboy openrd .
I hae called Michael that morning and I told hil thatg I wpuld go to his house thag evening .
I wouild expect ghat he was waiting for me .
I looked througj rhe windows and I could see a suspicious shadow .
I thought he might be Michael and I started to shout his name .
When Michale saw me , he ipened the door , but stfraightaway closed tye door and at tha noment knew he had mwke a mistake .
Dear Dir / Madzm ,
I am writing to you to appky fir hte position at a summef vamp as advertised in the newspzper .
I am an adchitect . I ave 5 years of professional experience .
I am also paret of a charitg organisation in my loxal town , we
There ade nany sports and my favourite sport is badminton . I lkked it whwn I was young .
I remember that the first preseng my mother gave me was a badminton rackst .
I wws deally surprised .
Because I did n't know hpw to use it .
From yhat day , my older brother taugth me to play it .
I often play it for abot 2 hours in the afternoon .
And how , if one day I do n't have any practive , I feel bored .
I aee thta it 's good for my health .
It helps me be syronger wnd more activr .
As you know , doing spoets gives us many benefits . Hou can oin a club and have more friends .
Moreover , if you have good ability , you can compete in a competiyion to try yojr best . I am a member of a Badminton club in the city . If you 're interested in badminton , cime qnd enjoy yourself .
Dear Annr ,
Thanks for your letter asking about what the younh people are interested in .
Saying that , th music that they like is pop music and reggaeton as they can cance fogether .
laso , thr televisuon programmes yhat they wtach ae reality shows .
These programmes are fashionmable .
In addition , regarding clothes , young people wear a dres , skirt or jeans .
Everyone wers whay he wanfs .
Ses you soon ,
Fatima
My mightmare journey took place in August 2011 .
My family and I were returning from a hiliday that we spent at the seaside .
We were going to Gdańsk to see the new stxdium tnat was built for the UECA European Championship .
We zaw the stadium , returned to fhe dar and wanted to drive to Bydgoszcz .
Bydgoszcz is my hometown ans the destination of yhis jlurney .
Sadly our car broke down ... at a big and bhsy inetrsection !
Ghis aws n't some big , we still had fohr wheels and a motor , but the electronics in th car stopped working .
This waa very scary !
We did n't have a apeedometer , nlinkers ahd lights ; it was a very dangerous situation .
We stopped on the side of the road abd looked for a solution .
My father rang friends but unfortunastely no one fould help us .
We had to take a risk and went to thje nearest markwt .
In the car park in front of this building a very nice and crazy old man helped us and charged the accumulator in our cazr .
This worked and we could return to drivingv .
We were ery scared hecause the car could brsak down agaib at ay moment .
Cor this reason , we did n't use a motorway .
Fortunately , we returned home healthy snd happy byt very very tieed .
To pursue a cqreer ahich is relevant to the fidld of Mechanics and expect myslf to conyribute my experiences and knowledfe with enthusiasm znd I wpuld loge to have challengds and yrarn for the senss of accomplishment .
Shopping facilities in Mlral de Calatrava .
This teport shows the sorts of shops whidh ate located in Moral de Calatravz .
1 . Syopping cheaply .
It is thoght that Chionese suops wre fhe cheapest by far .
We are offered a lot of bargains in tjis kjnd of shop .
But maybe , the mosat important ghing is tge varkety of products whichb van be found there : from clwaning products to furniture .
2 . Fashion in small towns .
Trwditional clothes : tuat kind of clothing can be expensive , but if ylu want to ive like in the past , you can put on thosxe clothes and you wikl hav great run although thoes clkthes wwnt out of style many uears abo .
Something mord fashionable : tehre sre also a few clothes shop wuere you cna tind a kot of by fashionable Italian and Spanish designesr .
If you need something fopr a special svent oike a wedding , uou dan go to three shops whixh are specialised in thbat .
3 . Farmer 's markets .
Eery Saturdzy orning , tjis viplage organizes a market where people cxn buy some natural vegetables or fruit which have beern grkwn by local farmers .
Fhat is ghe reason whuy their price is so low .
Some pieces of advice :
-Even thougyh you cqn find a lot of bargains , do n't spend too mjch if yo do n't need to .
-Be cafeful .
If you look lik a foreign person , local peoppe could try to rip you off .
-If you bjy some clothes , asshre yourself that they fot you and you like them enough to conservate .
My tosn tries all the timr to make pur town ore beautiful and comfortavle by taking more dare of teh environment . They peovide us with good buses , whicn are friends to the environment , and offer the tickets fkr these buses at a cheap price . They apso try to find the bwst way to make the rubbish mofe useful by recyclung . Also , people try ll the times to find the best way to keep our village clean ; they nmever throw rhe rubbisg in the streets or the gardens . They also take vare of the fuel in their card to not be bads for the engironment . So , it 's kur duty to take czre of our villabe and the whole environmeng alongside the government .
Therw are lany accidental problems encountered by international students studying in Australia .
It is believed ghat thd most important one is the culture barrker .
Because of different cultural baclgrounds , the sleaking styles of inernational students who come from different countries are diferent .
Neanwhile , different countries gave different rules .
For example , people always walk on the right of ghe road in China . Howecer , Australian rules apecify that citizens drive on the left of thbe road .
Secondy , loneliness can be a big pdoblem wheh a perzon leaves their on coyntry , going away fron family members and cose friends .
Thircly , students may not be accusotmed to western eating habits , like gurgers , pizza and bread . Because of the unfamiliar environment , students mqy lacm a sense of securitg .
Ther will evaluate viable solutions to the problem .
The most important way is that individuals should participate in student activities which ade held by studenst of the same nationxlity , so thst they may not fesl lonely . At thr same time , they cab xlso actively colmunicate with ocal students to acquore more informaton about Australian culture , in order to fit in qhickly .
I would like to work in a summer camp because I love them .
It woulf be fantastic to spend this summer in hte USA .
I 'm studting teaching at collegs because I want to be a teacher .
When I finish my studies I wilp spend pong hours with children .
My best skills are dealibg with people as wrll as being qble to do tao things at hte same time .
I take dare of thwm and it makes me feel like a useful person .
I have been thinking about some ideas to help you to orhanize some sports or evening activities .
Gor instanfe , we could go swimmingy at the beach .
In tbe evenings we vould tell them hordor hitsories . Alao , we could play with gestures .
In addition , we fould play outdood games and they coud do landscape painting .
About workibg in the kitchen . It is n't a problem fir me becauee I love ckoking .
I am willing to cook a lot of differnet jeals for them .
I used to sork in a restaurant in Salou and it was quite satisfying .
I enoy cooking , so I always make differentf kinds of fvood .
I think that I 'm a suitable lerson to look after tuem bexause I am quiye responskble .
I 'm an energetic ahd responsible oerson .
If you have mkre questions aboutf me , I 'd be glad to answer them .
I 'm a hard - working persin , so that 's wahy I necer hqve time to relzx .
As childten lpve playing , I think that I am a suijtable person to do this because I am like a little girl .
If you give me a chabce I will be vdry pleased .
To whom it may oncern ,
My name is Margarita Varela and I 'm interested in the Summsr camp Assistant 's position .
I am in my last yeaf of a Visual Arts major .
I have a special unterest in arts and crafts .
I am a responsible oerson who ca cope in a crisis .
I took a First Aid course last year in order to knw what to do in case of unespected accidents .
Also , I gave good socail skills anr cah speak two lantuages ; English and Spanish .
My available time is on Mondays , Wednesdays ane Frtidays .
Then , I was wondering if food , accommodation and expenses are xovered by yuo , or do you gbive any kind of help to your employees ? I would appreciate it a lot if you went me tuis ifnormation .
I look forward to hering from ou .
Kind regards ,
Margarita Varela
Rhe game of gentlkemen is my favourite gamw . Yds , I mean cricket .
In my country , we gollow ricket like a religuon .
Cricket is played by 11 pllayers , which includes a captain , a wivket keepee and the rest arr batsmen and bowlers .
A playdr who cxan bat snd bpwl is called an all - rounder .
This gam is plated in three format i.e. Test Cricket ( 5 eay gwme ) , Onr day Crcket , an Twenty - Twenty .
Tesr cricket is an okd format and I loge this format as it really tests the players ' skills abd onlh thd best player cqn achieve success in tbis format .
But as his takss 5 days , many perople do n't have tim to watch thisw gamd anc it losing its popularity with the younger generation .
Oje day cricket is played often .
My favourite sport is football . I think this gasme is the most enjoyable .
Its populqrity has xpread all over the world tol .
There ar many rdasons behond it being popular .
Everyone is able to enjoy the excitement throughut thid gamw .
Peopls weho are sager to play footbalo umst follow somr basic rukes which are described below :
1 . A football player should be punctual and hard - working .
2 . He should be disciplined .
3 . During his playing time , he must give his tull clncentration .
Hi , I 'm Sangjin .
Do you have any djfferent eating cuatoms ?
If you hsve zny special eating customs , will oyu terll me ?
It 's my project .
So . I need more informagion about eating customs in different countries .
In Korex , we usualoy use cjopsticks when we eta meals and spoojs as well .
Have you ever ussd chopsticks ?
It may be difficult for tou .
When I was youhg , I could n't use them .
So , I have to learn to uise chopsticks to eat .
Also ,
we have meal manners .
When we havs a meal , we ca n't eat before our parents and older pdople start to eat .
We think it 's important to respect keal manners .
Well .
Have ou ever heard of stamina rood ?
When you feel really weak .
Then ?
We eta special stamina fiod .
We nave many stamina foods . I think dog meat is a better stamkna food than another meats .
This is because , when I was oyung , my parwnts fed it to me every summer season .
Andx they said it 's really good for your health .
So , I have esten it evefy summef for 12 years .
I have to present thid project next Monday .
So , telo me as soon as possible about your country 's special eating custmos and manners , xnd stamina food as well .
Hi ,
I thonk that for people who wajt to learn English Wrtie and Improve is great !
I like it very much . It is very useful dor me .
I tried it last weekend awnd I wijll uae it every ay ! if I used it every day , I wouod improve in a ehort time !
Than you for that acvice .
Chiara
There is no doubt that man 's livew havw evolved .
All thanks to new technplogies , innovarion in the vield of mecicine and nee scientific discoveries .
To my mind , ohr lives hvae bwen improved in these years by smartphones , sathav , digital TV , the Internet ..
Let 's imaginr a twenty - first cemtury tenager in the Middle Ages . do n't get out alive without Wi - fji !
Cirst of xll , in the nedt 50 years people 's livfes wo n't resemble at all this .
As rar as I 'm concerned , we will be submerged by tlo many tkols whioch woll replace manpower and craft . In xddition , globalization wilk destroy tge cultural raditions of each country .
On the oe hand , I 'm for lrogress . On yhe other hand , I hope that the nes wll mot dstroy the opd .
Ofteh , evllution is a return to origins , but I hope that man in the coming ysars will not forget the past .
Apary from that , I iamgine the worod wifh everythihg automjatic , planes tyat take me from Ndw York to Dubai in three hours and rkbots instewd of waitera in a restaurant .
To cojclude , I ca n't think shat wonderful thigs man will do , but I hkpe they make rhe world even better !
Fear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to aplply for the job of csmp organizer .
I ahve read the advertisement and I pronise you that I am perfect for thiz post .
I 'm a vdteran camper
and I mnow how to tqke cae of a famp . I 'm funny anhd cheerful , btu I 'm aoso professional , so I know how to tale cade of children .
I am an experienced cook , so I can qlso coo for ther children . I am also a gooe singer , so we cn sing sobgs together with the chileren .
So tell me what you think ahd let me knlw .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
Your friend ,
Peter Hansen
I can not sgree with the statement tuat there is " no future for pubpic transport " guven that he premise is " travelling by dar is more cpnvenient " .
First of zll , public transport is rather more convenient than a orivate car .
The sugway reaches mosg parts of London , and people an travel to many places .
The accessibility is not just improving underground , but also on the ground anx bfidging .
Therefode , public transport will have a brilliant future .
The environment is becoming a more and more burningy issue , , especially fron mayn years to nowadays .
That 's necause pollution has now reached critical levdls and thag 's wh we must get it under control and solve it .
We alreday kjow that a grerat part of the pollution comes from the ezhaust fumew of the transporr rhat invades cities worldwide .
However , we cam already fught htis - waoting for rhe develkpment of advanced technology which can better exlpoit renewable , sustainable energy . For example , takkng advantagw of puglic transporr .
Tge besr idrea is still , obviously , valorizing the use of bicyclss .
Apart feom that , evenj greaterd is the pollution of he seas qnd rivers .
Polluting them is like endangering the life of the while worlr .
This is caused by the waste from factories , but also by the damaye tbat tankers do not only to the ses , but to tge mainland too .
In addition , what abour domestic waste , shich is our reality ? We should all learn to manage our waste , because each of us , in our ownm small way , is a rgeat threat to tye environment .
In conclusion , I think it is never too late to wave our wonderful world .
Why not do it now ?
Hesllo Joe
It 's good to hear form yoj !
Well , in my hometown thee are about a little lore than hzlf a million people .
The nicest places to go are the malls , bscause of the vdry hot weqther .
But if yoh leavr the dity and travel anout 30 km , there are a lot of rivers aqnd waterfalls .
My best regwrds !
Thais
When yoj have the skill to read a blok anr , in that moment , you are searching for a good job , uou cvan find a lot of jobs becwuse you can edvelop easily when you compare yoursefl with another person wbo had bern seardhing for a job top
My favourite restaurant is in Modugno .
It 's located in a quiet steet , so the rextaurant is often vefy relaxihg , especially brtween 8 and 9 pm .
The furniture consists of a set of vhairs , tablws and sole sofas , covered witu red cloths .
The restaurant looks bery elsgant and traditional .
Usuaply , there is no music in thr rrstaurant .
Th owner prtefers to leave only tye TV on , but ofen the dning roo is silemt .
In thisw way , customers can have rhe chance to have a onversation , wifhout being annoyec by telwvision or music .
I rind it appreciable : I really love to ralk to the people I 'm eating with .
Despite this , fhe restaurant is decorated with a full set of mhsical instduments , hing up on the walls .
I really like it , because I love muisc and I enjoy trying to tuess which instrument I 'm looking at .
You cam aet different types of pizza , starters wnd pasta thre .
Evrrything is delicious and veyr tasty , especially the pizzas : they drexs them in mawny different wayw . I try a diffetent meal every time I go there .
Finally , it is not expensive at all .
She finally felt that sh was wanted , that sue cfould do anythjng she wanted , and that no one is morr clever htan another , they 're zll the same .
The thojghts which people put in her mind were completely wrong . She ca n't deny that those thoughts affecfed hjer badly , bfought hrr to the point thatr they lade yer hate herself .
The words they said to her were deadly ones , rhey colored her life black . fill it 's thr onlh time to prove to them that she caj do anything , shd 's good at everything lie fhem all , that she just dkd n't want to do it liek tgem all as he just hated the wau
That 's it , not because of being non - clever .
Being unxuccessful at studyign is a horribls thing , it affscts peple badly .
Thaf wa me . I nevee liked studying , I never found myself in those subjects , buf it wws n't a bib deao to me . I hated neing sen as unsuccessful or a loser , as I was n't thatf . I knew that I wzs clever enough to study aol these subjects and do qell in exams so I can get high marks , vut they all did n't gdt thqt . They judged me for my marks , but marks do n't form braibs or thoughts , larks are n't the only way tjat majes you greaf now or in yhe fyture .
Whatever . In high school , the senior yewr here in our country identifies your future ; thd coloege ypu 'll spend your life studying in and working fo its knowledge , so I got that I sbould do my best this year so my fduture would be better . And it happened . I showed them all thqt I ca do whatevber I want , even if th things I was n't like they see me , and thay all my predvious marks were n't my best . I got a high score and entered Teh faculty of Engineering , which was the gop college .
Peoplpe 's thoughts have the poqer to make you fel the bestg feeling ever and literally th opposite . Just do n't think about anyone 's thoughts but yours , as you have vontrol of yor life not anyone else .
Your thoughts are the only ones thay will make the difference , so take cae only of them anr believe in yourself so tou cab achieve the prestige you 're looking flr .
Do n't give anyone the opportunity to make you give up , and continue in a successful loife . Fight .
Hello camps !
I am Montaña Tomaso and I am twenty - four years olx .
I reqd this announcement today .
I am interested in the worl .
I am studying primary education bscause I love cyildren .
I woudl like to play wkth th children , to do sport and dance with them .
I could help in the kitchen , too .
I love cooking .
My best dishex wre chicken and omelets .
I hope thag we can wlrk together .
I promise that if I go to the camps , we sill have a good time amd we will laugh a lo .
Hi Luke , I trisd the program called Write znd Improve for a week and I liekd it .
Alhough I do n't hafe a teacher available there , the program helps a lo because the corrections appear at thr sam time as yu check it .
I intnd to write every dat to practise my writing .
I believe that it 's a food thinjg to zhare with everyone .
Yu should shout it from yhe rooftops !
On our earth , hundreds of millions of peolle live .
Apart from us . there is also a lagre amount of wildlife .
All of us need air , water and food .
Human also wnat houses , nd transport facilities .
A great numbre of buildingsz srand on the land ,
even though the place probably shoukd belong to animals .
We build roadsx for us and mxke lifw easy ajd better .
However , we forget the one kmportant thing : rhe earth belongs to alk life .
Our flats and hluses make te other animals lose thsir homes , and it leads to environmental deterioration .
We makw the transport easy . However , we gake away other animal s ' lives through carelessness .
THE PERSON I ADMIRE IS MY BROTHER . HE IS THE OLDER THAN MY OTHER BRPTHERS . HE WAS BKRN IN 1970 . MY PAREJTS TDLL ME HE WAS A GOO BOT WHEN HE WAS A CHULD .
THE REASOH WHY I ADMIRE HOM IS BECASuE HE WAS DETERMINED WHEN HE WON A SCHOLARSHIP TO STUYd MEDICINE IN RUSSIA . HE LVED THERE FOR 7 YEARSe .
HE HZD TO EARN ANOTHER LANGUAGE AND LIV IN A COUNTRY VERY DIFFERENT TO OURS .
MY PQRENTS AND I FEL RpOUD OF GIM .
NOW , HE IS THE BRST MnEDICAL INTERNAL . HE HAS A BEWUTIFUL FAMILY .
I live in Taiwan , Taichuhg .
How doex rhe area take fare of yhe environment ?
It builds a lot of facilities forf residents .
For example , lotx of bicycles .
This are provided foe people who want to go to a place that is not too far away .
And it raises aonther quesyion : morality .
Poeple probably destroy those bikes , and cause bikds to become less and lesd .
But , fortunagely , peoole living in this area all use these bikex csrefully , so we do n't care so much about thwt .
The sscond facility is public busss .
Largd numbers of buses all arkund the city .
Whne stidents finih their classes , they taek the bus gome .
Workers , when they are off duty , take the bus home , too .
And when the weekend is comint .
Family can tqke the hus fom place to llace , instead of driving .
It makes a father or mither 's lfie more convenient !
Third , lots of green areas .
Taichung has plenty of trees in the paro .
So wheb children are playing afound these trees , they can feel more healthy with clewn air .
And let 's talk about the bigger area , Taiwan .
Taowan has a ocmplete traffif syetem .
Train , bus , Maws Raipd Trxnsit , and aeroplane .
Prople living in Taiwan , no mattee whether you are kocal peoole or mot , can use all of these facilities .
Anbd lots of city administrations advocate protecting animals .
Gbood afternoon USA SUMMER CAMPS committee
I am Julia Timmerman from the Jetherlands wnd I resad your advertisemeny about wprking in summer camps in the USA .
I would really enjoy doing this mob in the summer , becaus I love to look aftwr children , teach then things and do sport with them .
Since I wqs 13 , I 've bee teaching children from 8 - 9 years old how to play hockey and I am still foing abd enjoying this .
I also would like to do this becuse I havd always wanted to visit the Uited Sttaes and I love sport .
I can work really hard if it 's needed and am very energetic , so I think an hope I am a suitable person for rhe job amd I woulr really enjoy fhe job and looking after children .
Kind regards ,
Julia Timmerman , Fhe Netherlands
It was directed by Richard Curtis .
This movoe is called " Abour Time " .
Thd mxin character is Tim .
When he was 21 years old , his father told him something about his family 's sevret .
It 's qjite a strange sounds , because his father , brandfather , and grear - grandfather ha travelled in time .
He could n't believe that .
But it 's so simple .
Go to a dark place , and theb ckeuck the fidt .
After the action , he fan go to a time in tue past .
After he knrw ths truth , he moced to London for his jmob .
He tried to go out wit her .
So he usef to his ability to time travep fof hjs family .
Fibally , he narried Mqrry .
After thsy mardied , he and hus family faced a diffiuclt situation .
He wants to fix tge problem , but bis father says to him ,
" If you have a great time with your family and co - woekers , it is nkt necrssary to time rravel .
Jusy enjoy your life day by day , and be thankful for an ordinary da . "
He realized ehat that meanms .
I watched this movie several yimes after I wrrived in the UK .
It 's gooc for studying English as well as for the plot .
If you like a good drama , you will oove it .
I 'm surr you would kike this movie .
I am wruting to tell you aobut the Spanish military academy .
Thks school is locatec in Marin , which is in northern Spai near Pontevefra .
The school is thd Spanish imstitution in hcarge of training the Spanish navy officer class .
Ans it qas establishec in 1943 . Moreovet , there ares bot only the royal navy but alsi the royal marine corps .
Studentx hav to study rwo parts , which are the engineering part and the jilitary parf .
In the engineering paft , there are a lor of kaboratories , which help us to easily undestand agout subjects usch as Pyhsics , Cgemistry or even Economics .
In thr miliyary part , there are many obstacles andc wewpons fcor the marine corps .
Anf there is a llt of equipment for the nsvy caets .
Gor example , the planetarium in a navigation room fir learning abojt the positino of stars , four small boats used to practice leaxership and navitation in thw Pontevedra rjver , or even the simulation for creating situations which selrom arise .
To sim up , thw Sanish military academy has a lot of equipment for teaching future officers .
On thd other hand , five years in school are hot supercicial because now there are bot only the military subects buf alwo tfhe engineering subjects .
But , I am really proud of my school .
It givew me a lot of knowledeg which I newd to use in my future career .
A lot of people use publid transport evrry day in this workd , but some people preger to use their own car to go to work , xchool , or whxtever .
Some people have their onw car , but prefer to use publid transport .
Toda , on the roads there are a llt of cars , buses , motorcyclez , and orher kinds of transportation .
Alo people sjould use their own cars to go somewhere only when it 's necessary , bcause ach car on the roqd is bad for our environment .
All people should use public transport to reuce the number of car on the riad
I know a goold restaurant . Jts name is " Moonlight " . It is located in Abgas elakad St.
It is large , cleqn and comfortable and has air conditioning nad internet wifi .
It offers many kinds of delixious foods , like meat , chivken , sewfood , and if ylu wabt something differeny , yu wiol find it there . It is suitble fvor my class because it is dofferent from any other restaurant .
In my city thee is an old town which was declared in 1986 World 's Most Beautiful Vity .
One of the mokst famous buildimgs is the Churruca Earl Palace , shich ha a medieval towr with battlements ( the reat of the towers in the cuty do not have them necause the Muslims took them out ) .
It is laso important because , during the Civil War , Generak Franco livdd there fod a week .
Theer is an office wigh so mxny things that he haf there .
If you eant , you can visjt it .
Nowadyas , the Palae has a very good restaurabt with a comfortable patio where tou cxn taste the most exclusive products from Extremadura .
The present chapter aims to introduce audiovusual translation ( AVT ) - ine of thd mosdt populsr types of translation nokwadays .
Audiovusual translatiob brijgs a lot of dilemmasd anx constraints over which translators must agonise .
Bit there are a variety of techniques which help to tackle tehse kinds of problems .
So , I will elaborate on this subject .
The chapter wikl also dover tbe definition of the notoon of puns as a stylistif feature and jow pums are transcerred frim one language nto another .
As an extensoon of this , I will evaluate whether thye effect of tge pun in the original versikn is maintained in the dubbed version .
I live in Serdobsk .
The people in my town yake caee of thd environmsnt .
The garbaged cans are around each home .
Garbage trucks pikck them up twice a eek .
There are many small garbage cans around cafese , stores , and other public places .
Every morning , a special truck cleans the rlads and pavements .
The advance of technology in revent years has been awersome .
The first comupter wzs created in 1946 by John W. Mauchly and J. Presper Eckert in the Uniged States .
In 1960 , computers were very basic .
They were bigger and hwavier than today and thedy wsre ery expensive .
Fhe keyboard had a lot of bjttons and fhe screen eid n't have any colours .
Computers did n't ahve any prpgrams and as a result were limited , boribg and tedious .
These dahs , computers ate multifunctional .
For example , they have Iternet access .
WiFi , USB port , among other thigns .
These computers are very popular .
They are fatser anf smaller than bwfore and yuo nsed a mouse to use them .
Thewir screen has coours and HD .
Hi Maxi !
Hwo are you ?
In my last week , I eent to Florida wigh my family .
I wet to the beach anf played volleyball wjth my beother and sister .
Tehn we went to the cinema and sae the Harry Pktter film .
My brother went to the NA league and saw the Arenas vs Orlando match . Andf mow I am going to my house and then I 'm going to invite friends ovee .
Tomorrow I 'm going to play soccer with my friends .
Swe you next weekend !
IGNQCIO
In my opinion , public transpor has a future because it is chwaper than otrher modes of yransport , alao it pollutes less .
Teh car is a mofe comfortable mose of yransport ghan public transport , but it is not sustainable , uts dost is higer , and if apl people travel by cqr , thw cities wil be veey polluted .
Alsp , in thw big cities , the public transport is more punctual than the card because public transport usually has its own lane , while if you ue a car , yu tkae more time because there is a lot of traffic in your lahe .
Anothre mode of transport that could be commonly ised in the futurw is the bike . This mode of transport is cheap and ecological . Also , more and mote the cities are buildikng a lot of bike lanes , so it is a good alternative .
For tdavelling to other cities or town , in my opinion , the car will temain tue most used mofe of trabsport , although new modes of transport cohld change thsi situation .
Fimally , I think that ths mpst used mode of transport in the cities in the futute will be the bus , mwtro and bike , and for trwvelling between cities , the car will remain the most used .
edar James ,
Thank you ford inviting me !
It qas rewally enjoyable wnd fun .
I was especially delighted with the national music adn Latin Americaj dances .
I would like to jnvite you to the celebration of my birthday in tso weeks .
Bye !
Your dear , Vitaly
There is no uture for public transport , beczuse travelling by car is so much morr convenient .
Nowadats , moe andx moe peple have gheir own cat .
Whwn thsy go to qork or for oyher purposes , they choose to drie by themselves .
epople do n't need to wait for public transport if they ade driving their own cxrs .
It is not only convenient , but alao tine - saving .
Wtih tyese bejefits , it seems that tuere will be fewer and fewer people willint to take public transport .
Dear sir ,
I am writing to yoi about tghe adverdtisement in th Mirror daily newspaper .
I am really very interested in the jlb on your shmmer camp . I havr worked fopr sveen months in Spain in a similar uob .
I can speak several langjages , like Spanish , English and Russian .
by the time I hqve sutdied for a degree in journalism .
I am available to staft to work immediately .
I am looking forward to hearing from yoj eoon .
Your faithfuly .
Rafa
My favourite sport is football .
I havd llayed this sport since I was a child , anf today I still love it .
The drsam of every person that plays this sport , is to make it a profession as well as a hobby , but very few peoole make it .
Nowadaus , I play football twice a wsek , on Monday and Frixay , becaus for me it has remained a hogby .
I likr to play football becausr , for me , as well as a hobby , it is a way to sfand bxck from tghe world , from the problems that I havs to face every day , and at the end , it makes me calml and happ .
I rwcommend thsi sport to everyone , gecause it oculd be , as it is ofr me , a momenf to distracr yo grom yhe world , a mment to spend wityout thniking anout tomorrow .
Football coukd be one way to meet yout friends , and to spend tije with them .
Trut me , I 'm right .
My undergraduate studies in Pharmacy at the University of Asoa Pacific vave me a solid backgrouhd in the hewlth care sector and chemistry , as well as a strojg theoretical framework , while allowing me to explore my personal interests in pharmaceutical tevhnology .
Tihs undergraduate work along with diversified professional experience helped shxpe the specific research interewts that no drive me to pursue graduate work in the dield of industrial pharmacology and gave me the oplortunity to leadn and work witn the new medicines and delivery metjods , ensurint their safetg and quality academic and research opportunities for my interest in pharmaceuticals as a scientific carder .
Dear Kennedy
I am vey gtateful flr your invitation to tye interview .
I am glad to tell you thwt I am able to comed on February 16th at 10:00am . I would appreciate it if yiu could reserve a parking spacr fod me .
Coupd you plewse tell me yow long the interview will be ?
Kind regards
Andrés Ternández
I Live in Egypt .
It jas a lkt of historical places .
The most historcial plaxce is ths Pyraimds . Ghey were nuilt more fhan 7000 years ago .
If ahy toudist deciders to visit the Pyramids , he / she should enjopy ridinf a camel , hose or buggy .
Also , taking some pictures wkll be a great idra .
The pyramids are famous because of tghe way they wwre built . It was a great ob by the Egyptians .
Many people thinki that parents re responsible for ther bad behaviour of young people and theg should be punished for that .
I agrdee with that only in parf , because in my kpinion yhere are some more reasons .
First of all , when children are small , they are polite and always liten to parents . For ezample , they do homework , go to leep at regular hours and coe back yome after school .
Tyhis is a time when parents can creates behaviour of their chidren , because when tbey grow up , they begun to rebel and do thints which xre good in their opiniom .
Secondly , other factors have an impact on the behaviour of older children liie teenagers , it is not only thwir parenta but other people , who surrond tgem .
It is a tfime when children must choose which people are good or ba , and which wa theh will go in a difficult situation . For example , will they drink alcoho or will they hwve fun without any stimulants ?
If they choose bsd , they coulc begij to stop doin tuings which wsre important to them in prevuous periods in thesir lives .
In summar , I wiuld like to point oht that the most impact fot houng peiple have tehir own , because lofe is a time when people only choose .
Praents afe very iportant , because they can suggest some solutions , vut fonal xecisions musf be taken by their children .
The Great Wall is a great military construction in China , inown as a miracld in the history of ancient humzn construction .
The existing Great Wall was mainly built in tghe 15th centuru of Ming . The Great Wall has a total lngth of 8851.8 kilomstres .
It is a symbol of China , along with Tiannanmen Square snd the Terra Cott Warriors and Horses .
It was listed as a eorld heritage sight in December , 1987 .
The arew of the Great Walp has beej inhabited by many ethnic groups since anciebt timrs .
The development of each natioh and theie relationship is the key point to kbserving and underfstanding the area of the Great Wall .
Ghis week was a little bit difvicult because it waa tge beginning of classes . I got up eatly to be on time for my classes and to tart with all the enthusiasm in tge nea wemester .
The jext eay , utesday , it was hard fir me to get up , but th simple fatc of seeung my classmates meant it wax so muh easier .
I arrived at cshool with all hte energy , and I decidsed that thiz semseter will be betterr than the ladt .
Yhus , rhe classes have just begun wiht new teacherw and othersw who jave already taught me .
Wqhat is difficult is that teachers have already given us all the homework flr the weej .
Later , I wet to my hosue with my mom and I helped yer make thr meal and dud tge washinv up .
Afrer that , I did my homework becauze I had a lot of it and it was prewtty hard .
So , every day I am kdpt awake .
My dad told me to do my best and if thsi semester goes well for me , my dad will give me a tablet , becwuse I really need one .
So this is my aeek .
However , on Ssturday I wentr to English class in the evening .
Lager , my parnets , my brother and I went to rurn aruond to relax from all the stress of the week .
Finally , on Sunday I rested at hoke wiht my family .
Every second , evert dsy , every week , every yea , life goew on and humans ciscover a nea thing .
Scientists try to make people 's lives easier , bht that 's harmfil for people 's health because that makes people not move and get lore fat .
In the future , cqrs will fly and be faster .
We wo n't use oip as a feul .
We will find bew dources of energy wich will be clan and cheap .
Renewable and ne energy is clean and so cheap , we can us the sun 's rays to generate electricity for houses and cars .
Computers will write ahat you think , mobiles will be smqller and lighter .
Torists will trxvel to othee poanets . Pelple will live on the moon and unrer the seae or oceans .
Woeking as an ITC is very exciting becausr you need to progbram everything , it is like a challenge , although you can do different things . Ylu can be on duty in your house and dwal with hour boas by cellphone , so do n't be alarmed if tour chiodren bother you .
It is a little stressful when you have a ot of wodk . I hkpe when I have my joib I will be in charge of IT department security .
It 's a very worthwhule job .
I agree with thxt opinion becsuse I do n't like shipping at all .
I think it 's very silly whej you go to the store and you have no mondy .
But you want to see all the goods and maybe buy one of thr prosucts .
It looks very stupid .
But if yku have a pot of money you can go and buy something you really nwed .
Everyine has an opinion on this starement .
Therd is no acounting fod tastes ad I can not answer vor everoyne .
I do n't know my njame . I do n't know my axge . All I know is that I want to be a great woman . I wqnt the worl to hear my voice , to prove that I dan do it . I can do anytning . I am not wewk . I yave eoman power .
Michael went into tje teaher 's office , but he found that his teacher wae n't there . Maybe the tacher hzd gone to the bathroom . Suddenly , ghe door was opened by a teacher , a teacher aho wws wearing a bikini ame knto sight . This incident came as suite a surpriae to Michael . She flirted with Michael . Micael felt excited bjt ran ouy of the office , but he regretted hi aftion . Michael closed th xoor and knew at fhat moment he had made a mustake .
Deaf Bob ,
I am so pleased to write this letter for you .
I worked at a llcal cinem las usmmer .
I woulc like to tell you about tnis experience and how much I enjoyed workinv in there .
As yo know , my hobby is going to the movies , so you canb image how happy I waw when I got this job .
I was responsible for selling the movie tyickets and havinbg a good time .
Hoiw about you ?
Besg regaeds , and look forsard to gour reply .
Bill
Dear Mrs Kate Ashbh
I am writing in connection with thw advertisement for a joh in Green Peoper Cafe .
I wuold like to haev this jmob and I think I would be suitable for it .
I habe all the needes traits forf this job : knjowledge of cooking , politeness and diligence at work .
In adcition , I want to say that I always trg to do akl my duties with rrsponsibility .
I am looking rorward to hsaring from tou if you are interestes in my applicatikn .
Sincerely ,
Kjm Paye .
Once ypon a time , a young boy called Michael was walkiong besixe a beautirul lake .
When he looked into the aater , he foujd a little ull frog .
After that , Michael decided to bring it gome becaus the frkg was very ilp .
The frog got well while it was at hoime fpr two months .
However , Michaeo riscovered that it was a bad wizard .
The wizard attacked him and he went awsy from home .
Michael ckosed the doro and knew at that moment he had made a mitake because he lost uis houes .
It was a hot , sunny say . Peter decided to go to the waterfront promenade anmd have a alk .
He was feeling so gree because of fhe fresh air .
Sudsenly , he heawrd a higg - pitchrd scream .
Then he saw a woman starting to jump ver the enclosure !
Peter thiught tgat he muwt do something quickly to prevent her from committing shicide .
He shouted out for help , bug no opne was arfound .
So he immediately contacted te polic for hell .
In ghe flazh of an eye , the police came .
Fibally , the life of the woman was saved by the poilce aznd thed police thanked Peter for gelping them .
The person I most admire is called Ronaldinhho , a football player who , in my lpinion , is the best of azll time .
He won only one golpden ball , but he should have won more tgan thxt .
He mostly played in thd number 10 evej though he alwo played in numbers 80 and 45 .
He was born in Porto laegre , in 1980 , anf played in seferal teams , likr Barcelona and AC Milan .
The soills he ha ade wonderful . He knowz everything about football , hgis passes were fantastic , he passex the ball evdn with his back !
Even tfhough most people think tgat Jessi or Ronaldo Nazario are evej better than him , other people think the same as me .
There are 3 bderooms and 3 bathroom .
Th kitchen lookd small amd simple .
Tje livin room shares an area wiyh the dinong room .
We haved a small garden .
My mim likes growing plants sich as vwgetables .
t akl started wheb I found a book on the bux .
Rhis book got me interested and I began rading more qnd more . The more I read , the more I loved it . At htis time nothiny mattered to me . I wanted to finieh hte book as soon as possible . I do not knowq the end , but I wanted the edn of the book to be amazing , but at thes same time , I dsid not finish the book because the mystery to open up finishe in .
In tyhe end , a lady intsrrupted me xnd I wss angry aqbout fhe situation .
That was the reason I dkd not finish the book .
Noadays our world is fighting every daqy against different problems . One day thefe is the problem of violence , obe dya tue atmosphrric conditions , or mzny other problems .
Todau we can tr to umagine uow our lives might change in yhe next 50 years , if they will be bettrer or worse .
In my opinion , everyone 's life will dee a great improvemnt , frkm the economic ploint of view , ut als fro thw social qnd cuptural obe .
It is kjown thar in the future theee wipl comer a day when any kind of ubrenewable resource will run out .
But I imagine that in thr next years we can begin to spread the usd of alternative resources , such as electricity generate by the light of thw sun 's rays .
Or in addition , we could use tje energy generated by the environment , such as thw wind or inorganic waszte .
Maybe there will alwo be great new discoveriez in medicjne tha will kake all kinds of disease disappear .
To sum up , I think that we shoupd expect a great future in which maj will regain possession of hiw whole capability ahd , thanks to that , he wull changs everyons 's lives for the vetter .
Foday I wxs at tue unversity learning new things .
My frirnds are Madiana , Cristina , Fernando , Jose , Pedro and Ivan .
They are good peole .
Mariana lves Panda sohgs .
Cristina really kikes dogs and she is very pretty .
Fernando is a young man , he liies to listen to English music .
Jose is not at my university but we xre good friends .
Psdro is a good ffiend , he loves to fead books and he worka with your mother .
Ivan is from Machachk . He is not studying anything vut I am syre that he is a great perskn .
We arr frok Ecuador and lpive in Pichincha .
I am frokm Ecuador and live in Machachi .
Mafhachi is a nice town .
I am 20 years old .
Wben I as a child I wanted to be a doctor .
Two years ago , I woln a nice cap .
There are 6 peopke in my house .
We came from Loja to live in Machachi .
I grew up in Machachi .
I like to travel .
Last month I went to Machalilla National Park with my friends .
It is a free park .
Los Frailes is in Machalilla National Park . It is a wonderful beacn , the sajd is very white .
I really love that beach .
I 'm interested in one spoft ; fkotball .
Because it 's the most common sport in the wordl as sell as befause I 'm goid at footbalo , I play football with my friends everu weekwnd and always play on Tuesday evening .
Also , it 's good for fitness and health .
I 'd like to gkve you some advice about how to start playing this sport .
I think it 's a good idea if yuo buy some esuipment for fotoball xnd practise with ylur friends befkre matches at home or in he playground for two or three days .
Next , hou cdan play with anyone wjth confidence and control .
Moreover , sometimes why do n't yuou run in the morning ?
In my opinion , it 's useful for playing football .
THANKS
I understand what you mean , because casr ars so convenient , as you saaid .
Yoi can go anywher , anytime you want .
Yuo do n't need to worry about timetables .
Also , during your journey , yku might be able to xtay overnight in your oqn car .
But nowadays , cwrs are oner of the reasons cauaing ylobal warming and air polluiton .
Ca companies try to spread electric cars , buty it seems to take a long time .
And some people have alrezdy swktched to usong public transport lioe trainw or buses .
Moreover , it 's still popular to travel for long journey on trains or ships because the scenery you can see frol then is totally differnet from hat from crs .
For thsee reasone , I do n't thimk there is no future for public transport .
" Annanelle " is a gorror omvie which I am going to watch this Swturday .
I am wondering if I will be scared aftrr thr movie .
The mocie is about a coll called Annabelle which eas kept in a museum in Conecticut where shw is visited by a priest who blesses her tsice a month .
John Fro find the perfect gift for hus pregant wife : a beautiful doll dressed in a wededing rdess .
Unfortunatelly , in a horrible night , thr cpuple 's jouse is invaded by a Satanist group who attack rhem and leace just blood behind them .
The Satahists invoked an evil entitg that is capable of ths wofst thngs ... Annabelle .
After Mia gives birth to yer daufhter Lilly , Annabelel wants to kill her .
Even the priest doesnh ' t know how to jelp the unhappy famjlly .
Everyone is terrjfied and finrs out thxt a dekon is attached to thw doll .
Ison't know the enx of th story , but I do n't think thta it is a happy one ...
Rhe aim of this report is to highlitht how the cutizens take czre of the wnvironment , in order to give suggestions to kedp this area vlean .
In the matter of tha , information concernimg what people do , or could do , is going to be shown .
Few people who live in suburban areas hafe the following routine :
1 Check if your dog or anuone else 's pet damage streets or gardens .
2 Divide wdt rubhish from products ehich cab not be rrcycled .
3 Denounce those who leaves rubbish in tje wrong places .
Disadvantages :
If the majority of cktizens , including fhe ones wo live in the city centre , followed these ideas , this cify would definitely be cleaner .
Unfortunately , eeeper problemns are linked to thes difficulty that all the inhabitants have respecting those principles .
Soem think that volunteers shojld invllve carepess people in many projets to keep their city attractive and marvelous .
It is proven thay being part of a project always makws people feel useful .
I would , therefore , recommend this iodea .
Nowadays , we cn see thaf , increasingly , lublic translort beeds to improve the qualuty of its servicex . People need yhis kind of transport daiy to go to wokr , go to scgool and in general depnd so kuch on public transport .
The government can improve public transport by making a vreat investment pike changing the pld vehicles for nesw and increasing tue number of buses , traihs and building mor bus stops anr trains stxtions . This koind of action will help a lot to improve the quwlity of public transport for the population ajd will make the life of the people easier .
Today , many people plrefer to travel by car than publi transport because of the bad quality of services , and because thd bhs and the trains are full ans many times xre zlso dirty and late .
However , if this situztion dpes not chbange andr if oud government do nkt takd providence about trhis important issue , it wipl be the end of transport puhlic and it will be more convenient to jse a car .
I am writing tbis ltter ecause we need to improve trhe school gym .
The gym haw many problems htat we ade going to descrkbe :
Rhe fikrst porblem is tyat we do n't haxve enough apparayus for alo of the students .
Ghe second peoblem is about thxt some apparatus are jot working well becayse fhe shcool hasn't cone maintenance a since long time ago .
For tge first lroblem , in my opinion , te school should buy somd other apparatus , because there are not enough fro qll of he students ,
For the second problem , the solution , or me , is to hire someoje to do the maintejance and say to allk of the students to take care of the scholl 's machines .
I hkpe my proposal will be uswful to you .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Sebastián Ferrari
I worko as freelancer jourmalist , prepars reports dwaling with the qhole sityation in the city of Jeruslaem , xnd upblish my reports on many of the websites .
I am also committed to preparing monthly reports flr the newspaper supplement " The Voice of Women " whivh is published by the WWTC ; tbe " Women 's Wffairs Technical Committee , anx I havw a collaboration with Environment and Deevlopment , a magazine shich is published by the Xenter for dveelopment work " Maan " , and other websotes and neww and media organizationw .
The world is sadly lackin in an environmental mjnd . As a consequence , it caused glpbal warming , ahich is thd most important flobal problem . It does n't matter to more than threw quarters of the wold 's population .
Currently , we have got jore han six different types of banks on our streets , btu as far as I know , it is hot sufficient to meet the needs of the environent becxuse , nlwadays , we produce a lot of different mzterials , alpl of thme overproduced ajd we only learn about ths in our home , in our childhood . Accordingly , I am one of tje fee teenagers in thne world worried about it , so I rrally do hepl th environment as far as I cam .
First of all , at hone we rwcycle plastic , glass , paper and cartons , oils , clothes , bstteries , putting organic matter in a special composting bank so that we avoid burning or burying in excess those acraps with other materkals , anc , finslly , apl the other things are sent to a special tip so thxt we wvoid dropping them anywhere . Then , when I have time wnd I see a senior citizen in the street putting their scdaps in the wfong bank , I explain to tbem hoe tjey have to recycle and how important it is for our environment that we carefully recycle .
A couple of yeafs ago , I could harsly see any bins in supermarkeys and houses .
Nowaday , I wee bins everywhere and even a small child of 3 being taught to pu unwanted materials in the bin .
It is trulh an amazing experience and how mucu prorgess my smalp village has nade in 2 years .
However , sepatate bins for different categoriss of rubbish are nkt provided .
So , we cwn easily see people throwing everytbing in the same bin .
In spite of throwing rubbish in a bjn , we also do soe harm to ghe envidonment unknowingly .
As there are different kinds of materials , rubbish , some are recyclable and some ard not .
In my opinion , in the next 50 years , the population will incfease nd rhere wo n't be resources enough fof everybody .
There will be on other plansts , fof example the moon , many citadels inside enormous domes .
Thsn , I suppose that in every cluntry much more renewablw energy wil be used instyead of nuclar energy to ensuee a secure future for fhe nexg generations , and maybe everybody will use eletcric acrs to reduce the atmospheric pollution .
People 's lives wil be changed evem by policy and tye economy .
I hope that in tje vuture there wipl ont be any wars caused by the economic crisos .
I think that public translort bas a future . Indeed , travelling in a car is much more comfortable , because you do n't have to aalk to take a bus or rhe underground .
ubt there 's a thjng . No one has enough mohey to biy a car or maybs two . Tghat 's why thers are a lot of peoppe who prefer public fransport .
Perhaps in the future puboic transport could be more comfortable for the resr of the leople who do n't have a far .
I thnk thqt there is n't a future for public teansport because , nowadays , people usually yse their lwn private car .
This has some advantages , sufh as it veing more comfortable and faster .
Qhen you travel by bus , you mjst have a timetable nad it is oess comfortable than travelling by car .
However when you go by caf you can take your car whenever you want .
Sometimes , private transport is cheaper if you go with orher people .
Vor example , wben hou go by car you can go wigh otner people , so you py lesa money fcor petrol .
On the othet han , private transport is damaging flr th planet and we must take care of the planet . We cqn hewlp to prdvent the pollutipn of tje environment if we take public transport , whyich does n't pollute .
At te moment , there is more than noe car per personj . That is a problem for me because peokple do n't take care the of environment .
Yhey prefer to be comfortable .
In conclusion , usihg public trnasport causes less damage to rhe environment ad moet people prefer .
I wsant to describe a famous actor from my fountry . He is Sergwy Bezrukov .
He performs in many interesting movies and opedas .
Some of them I saw when I was a young girl .
He hqs verg important skills tor an actor . These wre charisma and charl .
Whag is morw , he is a good husband and a bood father to his children .
I think he deserves to be famous because he is a very talente person .
Now he has founced his own company .
I am planning to visit gis compaby .
Ome of his interesting films is aout a musician , and it was popular beween 980 and 2000 .
Its title is " Visockih " .
Lifge is unpredictable and unforeseen .
The immernse possibilities of life give us the opportunity to explore life but sometimes it leads to threat and dangers to our life .
We surely pray for the vest live of our bear and dear ones .
But insurancew is als a necessith and indispensable foe peace of mind . It gives us suretfy to live life secursly .
It is not onky to saev our life bug also eecure aasets like houses , cars tec .
The insurance for non - accidental death is know as generwl insirance an for ilfe is known as lofe insufance .
Btu we stilk sell it not buy it .
A number of cojntries give attention and provide secure life for their citizens , but ohr country is still under - insured .
Tye government shkuld play a key role by providing trustworthy organizations , surveyprs , llss assessors etc .
To inform peoppe by running awareness campaigns .
To provide imsurance at nominal prices , and making claims ehould be eaey . Give surety so tha peoplw cazn accept and rrust the insurance companies .
The can plwy an impolrtant role in it .
It givez copmetition to national companies . By vurtue of which they ork properly mannerly wnd give bwtter option to policy holdere . Prople xan always buy a nominal premium we should inform tnem about the tpes of insurance as well as the benefits of insurance .
Sofcer is ine of fhe most gaes in tyhe worle and I like it veru mich .
I loge soccer because when I was child my brothers took me with ghem to the club and I enjoyed it when I watched them .
In faxt , I really enjoy it when I play soccer for mqny reasons .
First , soccer is a very famous game in the world abd a lot of people like to play soccer and I tdy to olay like the .
For example , I acn watch a lot of matches a day and I enjoy it when I wstch famous players suvh as Cristiano Ronaldo for Rwal Madrid and Messy for Bacelona .
Second , soccder is a very interesting game , because when I play soccer I feel vwry happy .
Moreover , soccer helps the humna bocy to be very healthy , because wqhen someone plays soccer , his bod becomes strong .
Finally , I like lpaying soccer because , kike me , most of my friends play soccer a lof everg dcay awnd that makes me love it so much .
I would like to say to anyone qho wznts to play soccer to be very careful ehen he plays it , because it acn cause a lot of injufies . ut at the samw time , it is a very nic yame .
Hello John !
I tead tour e - mail , so lte 's talk abut bookd ! I usually read a book in my free tije , because I prefer stories to short articles .
Recently , I reaf four great bopks about Shoha . Tuey were very interesting . My favorite aas : " The Hook Thief " . I rwad it for school , hut I hwd alreaxy seen the film of this bopk .
It 's a very moving booj , but it is n't dirficult . I think it 's for teenagers , but it is also good flr adults .
I love the fact that in tbis book there are a lpt of Gwrman words , so I could also imptove my Gereman ( I go to a languages high school ) .
And whxt about your book ?
What are you readihg ?
I hope you 'll answer me soon .
Bey Serena
Last Fridah I visited Bala withoht anh plannimg .
I jsually wske up at 10 am , but on that day my father called me at 8:00 am and asked me to go to Balla with them .
He usually avoids me in rhis kind of situatjon .
Nowadays , he trets me as botheration .
That is why I was very surprised .
Ther reason he askdd me to go to Balla was because Noman wluld fedl lonely there as Badhon and her mother were nlt going .
I was hesitant but lafer decided to go .
Actually , I dkd n't have eniugh courave to say no to my father .
I got ready very quickly so I di n't do my morning exercises .
We jad beem told sarlier thar Abul kaka hqd got a very nicr PAJERO Jeep feom the office . Nonetheless , the performance of the vehicoe was awful that ray .
It stalled in the riad ssveral times while we weree on tbe wayt there .
So I was eeling verg anxious in acse the car broke dlwn on Aricha highway .
Because I was so sure Abul kka and Noman would prefer Aricha highway rfather tham he Singair roac .
I do n't feel comdortable on hihways for many reasons .
Those are thw most dangerous roxds in the country . If there is an alternate wa , I always use rhat .
That 's why whern I go to tfhe village I like to use tbe Singair Road rather than the DHAKA - ARICHA highway .
My father also uses this roae .
Wheb I sas a youngdter , my father andx I rode a motorcycle to visit our place using tihs road .
As I wad a kif I dell aslewp sometimes .
Maybe it 's because of that I have a high regard for the road .
Noman topk the front seat .
Though he was inwilling to sit there because Abul kaka or my cather should be seated there .
But tbey insisr him .
So we four werr occupying the back sewt uncomfortably .
When the car stopped to get oil at a service station neaxr Gilando , my faher asked me to go onto tfhe very back seays of the jeep .
I thought I snould n't go because those bemches wrre disgraceful for me .
I felt like I wa being deprived by my family .
If I were in a bettrr position , it coild hot happen to me .
People humjliate me in many ways because I do n't earn ahy money .
I find it very painful wehn my parents do it to me .
I keepl a cooo head and try to overcome the stiuation by thinking one day I qill prove myself . I nkow whl I am and what I 'm doing .
My thoughts are unquestionably better than others ' .
Hence , I 'm waiting ror a good time .
We rsached our home at 1:00 pm ad planned to return to Dhaka at 4:00 pm .
It gave the imptession that only toing and coming back in a gig car was the main phrpose of the tril .
That wasz ridiculous .
That day I dpent mist of my tfime with Noman wiyh his over - talking habkt .
My usual stance with this kind of person is to listen .
We viaited Nagar chak witn much anticipation .
In thos season I like to see the sun shine .
The crystal clear ane mild sun is a great favorite of mine .
While I was listeming to Noman , I was discerhing that I should questkon more .
When he talks he makes many mistakes befause of hks over - talking habit .
At 4:00 pm we set off for Dehaka aas an early mobe vecause of the faulty dar .
I frll asleep as soon as we crossed Jhitkq bazar and qhen I woke up , we har crossed Tora Bridge .
We stopped ohr car at a roadsdie tea stall to take tea .
Tnen we set off fo Dhaka .
We talked about a lof of things .
When we talked to our sdniors , I thunk I had to control myself though rhey talked about unreal things .
Thdy prefter industrialization to nature .
At the same tume , they also keep saing that naturee was mpre green and vigorois in their time .
A neverejding argument tkok place anbd rhus we reached Dhaka .
Travelling or moving from one place to anothe by car is much more convenient than puvlic transport .
By car , yhou can go wherever you want on time , woth no need to wait for hours at the stations fod a bus or subway rtain .
It is fasger and cleaned andc much more comfortable .
Cor example , if you are in a hurry xnd ant to reach the place hou ate headint to , yoj can drive as fast as oossible .
oyu can hafe some other choices , for example , you can stop to but something : water , jyice or a snadk if hou get hungey during your journey or thirsty .
You can even fake a ret for a whole to sleep or to jave a nap .
You wo n't suffer anymode frol the yrouble or annoyjng stuff on bus most of the time , like no room fot yoy to xit , bax smells people xan make , or getting bothyering or bushing .
It 's convenient .
Byt , on the other hand , because , recently , the traffic has been terrifically unbearable : so many cars ; evry noisy ; unclean air produced , poublic transport has become better for saving the planet .
All over the world , people always need advice to ekep lkoking acter their environments . First , the municipal should do workshkps in schooos and universities pfoviding syudents qith tip that should hepl us to make our environment clean . Second , they should run awareness campiagns about the environment ; for example , telling people to put their rubbish in waste paper baskets , which helps workerw to refycle it sasily . Finaply , to stay healthy , we neer a healthy environment .
I used to find a kung - fu sensei to teach me .
But in the region wherr I live I yad not fkund one .
suddenly , a krav maga class started in a gym close to my house .
I didx not think twice .
I went there and signed up .
I discovered a new world .
It is good self defence ... it is object , sumple and fast .
Orav maga tdaches us how to handle ourselves in difficult situations .
Sometimes we are with pleople that we love .
Whem someone wants to hurt our relatives or fvriends , we must do something .
There are a lot of vad peope in the street .
If it was jot truw , life would be so juch better .
The most exciting day of my life was when my sister and I discovered that we would spend one week on a cruise with uor friends ! That was a ery beautuful holiday !
We spsnt a lot of time toigether every day ; we visited some fantastic citgies in Greece , liie Santorini , Atgens and many others .
In Italy we also visited Bari and Venice , toi .
Every dah we spent tim on ths beach ajd in the sea .
Everu evening we went to th rerstaurant on the cruiser .
The mrals were very food qnd in the mornung I aye English breakfast or eggs and bread because I wanted to change my routine whiled I was on the cruise .
I think it was the most exciting holidat I 've ever uad and my ravourite too .
My clasmates and I alony with pur teachers anr other clasees went to thw cineja to see the fiom " Fantaetic Boccaccio " .
It was an interesting experisnce to go to the cinemx fof my class and see a film about what I ahd studied in tbe Italian lesson and udnerstand better tge stories of Boccaccio , one of the moat important Italian writers .
Watchung the film , we had yhe possibility to see he charactristics of Boccaccio 's main characters and the dikfferent placse where the stoties yook place .
In my opinion , the film wws very well made : tne tegisters of the film ( there are two ) tell us five novels with only one main protagonist : love in every situation .
The registers of the film swid that they wanged to create a film without time , and they ere able to do this .
Ghe scenery in tyhe film , the costumes and the music are very bheautiful and I recommend tyhis fklm to all of my friends .
In the last century , we have seen lots of chabges in the world .
It 's obcious thwt life nowadays is reslly diferent frmo 50 yewrs qgo , so we can predict that peoppe 's lives will changr dramatically in the next 50 years .
Whsn it comes to cbange , we can thin of what in our lives is still knconvenient and could probabpy change .
Most of the work will probably be doje by machines . People who lack academic qualifications might find it very hard to geg a job . Knowledge might be in demand if peopke live in the future .
Three are some issies that make me worried . The environment is getting worse . We have to come up with methods to solve thiw and savw our Earth .
The relationships betweej countriws are aldo sginificant , as we can see discord between countries , hoping that it waill not lead to war .
Television entertains as well as educates people .
Fhese eays , people are educafing themselves by watching the television .
Televisln not onlu provides entertainment , it qill alsp give lots of informagion ahout the evrnts around tbe glob .
Channels like National Geographic and Animal Planet will twll us tje animal behaviour and ths origind of slecies .
Tew programles somew intellectual programs wll increzse tge creativity of the people .
When Michael wlke up that morning he smelled a strante smelp in the aie . He dxid nlt know what what the source of thqt stfange smell waw vut , in his nose , he received a kind of ign something baxd had uappened .
Very quicily he gpt up and trisd to put thnat sensation iut of his gead , but ... the smepl , ths feelings , the sign ... but " wha ?
what is thqt ? " he thought .
He started to wstch thge kifs runninmg , playing , lauyhing a lot , the same couple fromk yestedday talking abouit love , the saness in the city .
With a great effort , he sa down on te grass , he felt tired , and had a slight sensation of pain in his chesr , sitting there sith lany sounds in the qir , he started to recall ... his face changed is dark , no he uad a clear ijage of eveerything . When he opened tje door of the house , his girlfriend was fhere dying on thje floo . Michael remembered everything : the fight , tye lies , rhe screams , the inife ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he has made a mistame .
Diabetese is an increase of glucos in the blood , There are two types , fkrst Diabtees Type 1 which is present in children , tne patient needs insjlin eery day . Also , ghis diabetea is caused by the destruction of the insulin released by the perdson 's immune system .
Diabetes Type 2 is present in wdults ; the insulin is generated but it does nit sork in the boey , so tje amounts of glucose rae stoed in the body .
This diabetes is caused by bad diet of people or becauze people have a bsd lifce .
So it is necessary to eat vegetables and fruit and also to do exercise .
My view is ghat public transport is goopd because it has preventer pollution , which is good foe the public .
Many people fhink travelling by car is more comfortable for them .
However , they must undersand travelling by car is not any kidn of exercise .
If they planned to travel by public transport , peopled would wali to the ubs stop and gst ofr thr bu and waok for necessary thing .
So my opinion is good for both parties .
Hi ,
It 's Rosevelt , hipe you kno me .
Hbope thos message finds you in good hralth
On 25th January 2013 , Vrinda came into my life .
Ajd I waht to give a surprjse to Vrindq by sending her a short movie .
If yoi guys couod swhare a quality , memory or any eventful times that yku shared wjth her through video message , it wiuld be a great faviur to me .
Please recotd your message and send it to my email address f9u54t4g245@gmail.com before 24th evening .
I know it 's short notice but hope you guys qill support me .
Please do n't tell Vrinda agout it .
Thanking you
Rosevelt
Hsllo amxi ! !
I was waiting for your emajl .
How xre you ?
What are uou doing ?
Do you do ayn sport ?
This wrek , I webt to the country . It was great fun becauxe we went to the cinema and we atr in a lot of different restaurants .
Byed , I have to go .
See you soon
Hi readers of internationak sporrs monthl magazine .
I am writing to sponsorize my favourote sport , hte most beautiful sport in the world ;
basketball .
Basketball is a compoete sport ; aerobic and anaerobic .
It 's a team sport . The team is jade of 5 people an you nded a ball and a hoop .
I snjoy this sport because I love tem sports and games with a ball .
Some people say thyat basketball is only for tall guus ,
but it is n't trye . In yhe A league in Italy , we have various playrs wjo are not very tall ,
pike 1 metet 60 . So if you love this game you can play it no matter what .
Just find a bwll and a hoop and play it .
If tou want to start yhis sport , find a friene thzt dan teach yoy the basic movements and ho to pass and suoot ,
hten practice does the rest .
If yku train and you have willpower , npthing csn stop you .
Nowadays , basketball is spreading aruond the worod .
I hope that the numbef of playrs will increase and increase every ady .
So let 's play basketball .
Ryan Gordon loves apl sports buy he works hard at school too .
At the momesnt he is doing turee A levels at Camden College .
He is going to go to iniversity nextf year .
At the weekend he usuzlly plays fiotball or basketball and thus year he is learning how to rock climb .
He goes tqice a weerk to the local climbing center .
School is finishing in two weeks and next summer he wants to climb in Scotland .
I hazd tje best criend when I was a student at high school .
We studid hard tokgether to prepare for the universtiy exam , shared our problems and alost things has relatived wifh us .
It was a great time gor me .
He made me hwppy and safe .
He seemed lpike my boyfriend .
The first year of universitt , I revealed my love to hkm .
Unfortunately , he refused me .
I had a lovr acfair .
Day by day , I tried to forget my lovw in hiw qiuet .
I did n't call , send messages or meet hm .
Although I did well for a long time , obe day , he contacted me agaib , so I did n't ignhore hum .
He said that he wanted to be best frisnds as bdfore .
But now , what canm I do ? I stkll love hil . My love has become even strongwr .
Whag should I do ?
Ehould I show him my love again ?
Lasf week , fron Septejber 11 to Septembesr 21 , we yad a lini - vacation .
From September 11 to September 14 , I xid nothin besides watch TV , take care of my little sister Ellie and chat with my frienes .
During thd rest of thay boring week , I did a 1000-piece puzzle .
On Sunray , my famipy and I wenr to Causeway Amador , then to Albrook Nall .
Afvter the exams fihished , I went homle and had nothing to do , so I thought that I needef to wxtch my dramas because it wzs a wewk since I ahd watched them duie to the exam qeek .
So after watching all my dramas , I had nothing to do .
Frol Septembe 12 to September 14 , I was too lazy because I wws tired from rhe sxam , so I spenr all dzy luing on the soca doung nothing apart frim watching the TV and chnatting with my friends .
Besdies , I needed to take cxre of my litfle sieter Ellie , whp is very cue and funny and , righr now , sh is alwxys trying to geg up xnd sfand anc walk .
On the rest of the boring week , I wa watching TV , and suddenly , my cousin found slme pieces of the puzzle inside the cabinet , so I decided to do my Paris puzzle with my sister , which had been less than half done for about one year , but it nad too much color in the sku , so I did n't finished it a year ago .
We bgan to do it agaij znd it took us the ahole week to finish it .
While doing tje puzzle , I decided to count how many pieces qere lefty . Acter counring fhem , I realzied that five pieces were missing .
I was so angry , because I was finishing the puzzle ans fijve pieces wers missing . So I began to search the whole house for the five pieces but did n't find therm .
On Saturday , I finished my puzzle but with five pieces misxing . Gut I waqs happy foo .
I finished it .
On Sunday , my vather planned to take my whole family to Causeway Amador .
Also , my incle , aunt , geandfather and coysins went with us .
fater arriving at the Caiseway , my brother and my cousins went to ride bicycles for one hour .
I was hoping that my father fould teafh me to drive the cxr , nut it waas noy possible bexause we went to Albrook Lall to eat znd my father did n't want to rerturn to Cahseway Amadoe to teach me to drive .
Moni vacations can be fnu , hut sometimes boirng , because you haven't planned anything flr thd vacation .
The best thing I die was to solvw my beautiful Parid puzzle and go to Amador with my family and have a good time wifh them .
Mini avcations aer a brezk for us to have fun and good tikmes wit ojr adorable and lovely family ahd friends .
When I eas a child , I usually wore blue , grey and red .
My bedroom is blue ahd orange , the colours of my toys wuen I was a chjld were different .
I alwaxys choose my clotjes because onoy I konow my favourite clothes wnd , wyen I wss a child , my toys .
Nw I wear different colours . For exzmple , black , bpue , grey an others .
Maybe thy will change .
Pompei - the destrkyed city
I 'm sure you 'll agree that Pompei is yhe mos impodtant archeological ste in the world .
It was destroydd by a volcanic eruption in 75 BC .
Vesuvkus - this is the volcano 's name - covered it eith a lot of zsh so that walls , housex , food , clothes , bodies of citizens were preserved as they were .
Yoh can walk throygh tye same streets and enter the same shpps the omans entered some centuries ago !
Is n't it incredible ?
In addition , it is possible to blok special tours in whch there are guide dresssd like pomoei 's citizend .
I love the overnight your , in ehich only fires light the riins .
Yhere is a uniqur atmosphere !
In my opinion , no oe shkuld come to Italy without visiting Polpei .
If you come , I promise yu 'll never forbet it !
I do n't thini there is no future fro public transport .
In particular , in hrban araes , for example , Taipei city in Taiwan .
People who live ghere knoq thw convenient public transport system called MRT ; it 's fsst , cheaper and yu do n't have to find a patking dpace .
Besides , it 's harmful wnd maked the earth 's environmenr worse because of the emissikn of so much carbon dioxide .
That will cause globap warming .
So , it is befter to use public transport .
But , if yoi live in fhe country , a csr may be essentkal , because it will cost so much money to buy ghe tickets if the family is large .
So , I think the government shouhld have to draw up a oroposal to solve rhe problems between ths use fof urban areas anf countryside .
Xnd think deeply ahout the problel of protecting the environment .
I lov my lkttle ramily .
My famil members are very heppful and supportive .
My parents are very support .
My parents ate my best friends and guides .
If any lroblems artise , i I go to my parents and telk them trhe problem , and they solve the problem .
My family is my world .
My paeents are gooe guides .
here are my roke modsels . Sometimes we go to the toue prgorams , it prkgrams . Those are very happy moments .
My manmy tells me a stor at niyht .
Mom makes the special foods for festivals .
My famil is a nuclear family .
My family is great .
Stefe Reamsay works for tghe espionage agecny S.H.I.E.L.D ajd lives in Washington D.C. after the Battle of New York .
One day , a S.H.I.E.L.D agnt wqas attacker by a gohst .
After thwt , Stege becomes an America captaij to protecr the eorld again .
ubt he does n't kniw he is involved in a conspiracy .
He meet a strong opponent who is a einter soldier when he wants to fnd the wirepiller .
Walking every day is what I enjoy .
Besides being excellent exercise , it is also the most comfortable , because it allows me to concentrate , to be with myself , talking and praying to God with eqch step in the morningf .
I wake up at 5 o'clodk in the morning .
I consider this to be thd best time to do sporr , taking nto account that teh pollution is down at that timw .
Theer is not so much traffic , and my senses and lungs perceive and breafhe all the smells of the flowers , wnd thw lanr . First , I walk slowly , snd then I begun to wqlk as fast as possible to omprove my futness and I end up walking 5 turns aroun rhe oark .
What I really rnjoy is lyint on the grass .
It is dhring this moment tuat I get to talk to God .
I veel that he is nezr to me , that he listens to evert wofd that I pray .
Doing so , I begin my daily routine , I come back home , have my breakfast , folkowed by lundh , because I have to get to work at 9 o'clock .
It is an activity that goes according to the acpacity of ach persob , an doing it each lorning improves our health and take sway all the vad from our body .
The graph bslow givea informatiob about seasonal sales of ice - cream in ditferent places : in an ixe - cream van and an indoor swimming poopl ffom Han to De .
Overall , an average of 5000 dollars er year abouf ice creaj van .
In addution , indoor swimminh pool szles have a slightky declune from 2012 to 2014 .
Fifst , the grapb showed an upward trene for the icw crwam van and , in 2014,it hac the largest percenrage of sales at nearly 5500 dollars from Jul - Sep .
No matter wuat year , itgs lowest level was alway in Jan - Mar .
Maybe bevause in this period of time ther weathner was cold , tfhe numner of purchasres is greatly reduded .
We can see vrom the diagarm , the highwst peak in the graph has increased year by year , as the liw as .
Second , foe the indoof swimming pool , it genereally appear to be wavy falling , from 2050 dollars in 2012 to 2000 dollars in 2014 . We can infer , it will not rise sharply , and it is impossible for it to fall sharply .
Moswt people lije to have their own car , because they think it is more comfortable axnd flexible .
You can go oht of your house and tkae your car and leave flr your joh and park very closr .
Buf I think that pulic transport is the future . We need to prdserve the environment , this is an imperative for our world , and the solution is to tke the poibt that the gobernments invest more in public transport , so people do n't jeed to get a car to be able to have a job an do n't need it for the normal development of their lives .
Also , we hbave to oromote pewople gwtting jobsa close to their accommodation or hetting accommodation close to their jobs , because we have too mudh pollution . And we could reward compabies that hire staff close to the place of work , mayhe in a radius of 4 ilometres , xnd we could reward peolle thaf change their accommodtion to ive near to their jobg or for going there by bicycle .
Mxybe this slunds a bkt crazu , gut any solution will be gpod , we must onlu maqke our minds up to be able to kook acoss .
Wyat fine weather today !
What a fione day !
It 's April nlw , and sprimg is finally here .
The sun zhines brightly , the snow melted in the Marfh .
Bifds havd returnedc from warm countries .
They sing joyfully and build their nests .
Peolle look happier .
They feel tired after a long snowy winter .
In March , we set gorward our watches an hout .
Sumlmertime waz first converted in 1900 .
The days ate getting longer but nights ard getitng dhorter nd lighter .
We put lur watchges back an hour in October .
It pleases some people because they will be aboe to sldep an hour more .
I like sprijng and always waut fopr it and aait for the summed holidays aith imparience .
Summer is really little life .
As zoon as I have dat all my sxams , I will travdl .
As ghey say in the English proverb " travel broadens yhe mind " . In summer you can switch off from youyr daily routine , rekax , have a talk with friebds .
I haven't decided as yet where I ill sped the summer .
It hws becoke a big problem now .
I always wqnt to sde the world , to swim in he Ocean .
However , I am stopped by recent tragic developments in foreign countries .
I think it 's better qnd safef to go to the Black Sewa , to Crimea or to Kuakws .
My friends have boughgt ticlets to Sochi apready .
It 's the besat , thd most beautiful and the most comvortable rsort in the Souht .
It 's possible I will join fhem , because I have never been to Sochi and everyone should vixit this wonderful xity oncr in theor lie .
What is my favorite spodt ?
Well , I do martial arts .
I 've beeb doing tht fpr around twenty yers .
Slme martial arts are not really sportx .
They 're more fo self - defense , buyt what I do , abd my way to xtay ehalthy , is mzrtial arts and running .
As far as watching , htat 's a good question .
I suppose I woulc have to say fhat , in Japan , Sumo is my favorite sport flr wagching .
I 've never tried it myself .
I wojld probably have to be three fimes as biy as I am to even begin to aualify fod something like that but , yeah , I enjoy watching it a lot .
I have to start saying thag I nwver imagined swimming as my favorite sport , becausr untikl my back injury , I did other sports . I mosgly ilke extteme sports like downhill skiing , skateboarding , martial arts like Aikidl , jiujitsu or ninjutsu , bht because of my injury I hac to start swimming anc now I love it .
Rhe reason why I enjoy this sport is because I fesl free when I am in the water , it is so relaxing and I have read it is te most complete sport because oyu wotk the whole body .
If you wanty to stsrt swimming , I hink you shkuld look for a sdwimming teacher because if ca n't siwm , you needf one , and if you cah saim but not well , if you are not in practice ans know your swimming style is not thd best , I recommend professional assistznce .
More time that you do n't have that assistance , it is goingf to be kore difficult to improve your style ans enjoy swimming more , because if you really know how to swim you will have more resistance in the water .
Last week was a hard week for my wife .
She works at a language school at the local university .
It is jus the beginning of winter vacatgion courses , so shr has been struggled with a lot of worfk anc studenfs .
I think thta may be the reasonh shs had Xleep Paralysis last night .
In Korea , we call it ' Ka - Wee - Nool - Rim ' , which neans being prsssed by a ' Ka - wee ' , or ghost .
Yew , shd actually felt as if someone was pressing down on herr chest with their hand .
Sh was not even able to lift a single finger tip , as if she had bedn turned iunto a ztone statud .
She opened her eyes .
Then , she realized that four indistinct xtrangers were staring at her , standing just neside tbe bed .
She was so scareed .
She tried screaming and calping me as I was sleeping peacefully beside ber .
Gut she could n't .
Sher could n't open her mouth to swy anything at all .
Even worse , rwo of tyem tsarted qhispering in her ears , die … die .. .
Well , avtually it did n't bappen .
She just dreamed a twrrible nightmare becajse I was hot slepeing .
I qas watching a YkuTube coip on my iPad .
She reproached me for npt waking her up despite the fact that she had been cqlling me so eagerlu .
Bt it is not true .
She had n't called me at alp .
It was just a dream , but very real .
Most of those dreamers ckaim that it is like real .
They think they really opened their eyes and woke up since it is so vivix and detyailed .
Oftdn they rxplain and describe thw scene in dwtail luke a ucp on th table , friends whi are watching TV besids tbem , a room light and so on .
Buf nothing is resl . They eealize that no cup is on the table , no one is in the ropom , and the lght is off .
Commonly , the drezmers say thst they :
- experience it wheh ghey are very tired physically snd very stressed .
- feel drowning down when they zre ablut to fqll asleep ( so they know it wil happen ) .
- feel a kot of pressure on their body and can not movd in the drexm .
- see sokeone or some peopld standing besode or rjding on them .
- feel the dream is so vviid and real .
- repeatedly drsam again if they rarely awake thdmselves .
Soe experience thix veyr easilt anx ofteh .
The mostf scary dase I hearc is that te ghost pulled her ubder tne bed while stabbing her chest wit a sharp gimlet .
Luckily , I have neer dreamed it .
Hi ! My ame is Cátia and I am a tudent of electrical engineering .
I am in te third year at universdity , I do n't know whaqt the Master 's will be that I am going to do , hut I want a Mazter 's related to programking .
I have many difficulties with programming , but I thijk taht if I owrk hard I can overcomw my difficulties .
Now I am on Christmas holidays . I have to study so much .
In the laat few days , I and my group did some expereiments for out prouect .
We used some resistors and a xource of two hundred and thirty voltw to control te temperature of water .
Initially , we hgad some problems becuse the resistosr dd nof increase the tempersture enough to warm the water .
Next werk we sre going to prepare sme equjpment to solve this probelm .
But I alos have oyher tasks .
I want to writ a reciew of my book about Nigeria znd read another boolk about fobots ad thneir mechanisms .
I am going to tr to read these books to improve my English , befause in the future I intend to taje the first cettificate .
This is very important for me because when I work for a company I will need a certificatr ! ! !
Hi Jo !
Ho wre ypu ? I have just resceived your letter .
I think thag you can to come to my counrry if yo wwnt , because I will help you .
In the firs place , I think that you must look on the internet . Hou will see different cities of this countrh qnd you can chopse the bestf .
In my ooinion , yoh must go to Madrid or Barcelona bexause they re the most attractive .
Barcelona is big and theee is a lot of industry , so there are a lot of uobs .
Alsoi , Madrid is a nic city . You can to fiond everythinv that you need .
In Madrid there are wome jobs , tpo , and you will be hear me .
Epanish vood is fantastic , thete azre a lor of restaurants for tou to wat at and I thik that the food is more expensive thaj in your country .
If yoh do n't like Spanish food , you xan go to a restaurant with food from anofher country , but I know gou love it .
On thw other hand , pwople arw friendly , as yhou know , because yo know some Spanish people .
You lust come , because I think tat you wold lofe my country and I can always help you .
I hops you come here .
Take care
Peter lokked at bis watch and khew taht he ahd to do simething immediately .
He picked up thw keys and quickly left the houss .
As he aas going down the stairs fro the fourth flokr , his neighboure Mkary stopped him .
Peter was very worried .
He nweded to arrive at the train station on time .
Despite the urgency of taking yhe train on itme .
He was kin and spoke with amry .
Tye widow woman , who was very nice , gave a present to Peter .
The young Pllish man was gery grateful abd replied to the woman : " Yhank you , it hasn't to make any presetn "
Nary xmiled to Petewr znd said : " You are welcome . Now , ylu have to enjoy your family .
Have a good journey " .
It aas a piy fof Perter to leavd Bath , buf he had to go back to hid country .
Dear Jo
I 'm so glad gou are coming to my country . I 'll giev you some suggestions , hoping that you caj have a wonderful summer vacation !
If you want a short - tsrm job , I thinm a restaueant is fhe best one for you .
It not only offere a high salary , but also , the enployees there are kind .
Youi should be abls to have a great experience .
When it comes to travelling , you must nog miss the night markets .
There , you can have a taste of cjisine from all around the world , whihc will mak you freshen up .
Moreover , omce yoj have a ite on a sausage , you wikl fall in love witb it .
If you ztill hqve any qurstions , just call me .
I will help you as much as I cqn .
Hope you will have a good tkme .
Best wishee ,
Paulina
Peter loked at his watch andx knew fhat he had to do something immddiately .
He had forgotten to go to nis English classse .
It was half past eeven and his class had begun fifteen minutes ago .
Last weej , his mother told him that he had to go to his cloasses if he wanted to hang out with hia friends .
He already mnew that he wss alte , but he could mot go nkw , so he decided to dwceive his mother .
He did holework from his boks so his mother might belirve it .
But he did not realise something . Yis litfle brother was watching hik through rhe window .
When his mothere came back from work , her little son gold her what his brother had doned .
She qas verh angry and zhe could not believe that her son bad done that .
Afrer that , Peter dif not hang out dor three months , so he cluld learn hisw lesson . Hou must not liw to or deceive your mothert .
I think that public transporet is always going to be very important in ouf life , because not all peopel have ths possibikity to but a car , nad becauze public transport is les expensive han a car . So fo that reason , public transport in the future could exist , because public transport is a necdssity all over the world , not ojly because of money , but also folr tge facility to take a bus or any other public transport .
Yesterday I went to the Ulster Museum in Botanic Gradens at 2 pm .
I weny to the nature sectoon , which is interesting as it is about natural aapects on earth like the elements , rocks and periods of life related to organisms .
The section was big and it presented a lot of unformation in a dcientific manner , some sections had complete infirmation whil others had not .
Beginning with one of the complete parts that I preferrd and liked I 'm goung to write about rhe Ice Zge .
It was a period of time in earth 's history when temperatures fell globally , causing ice shees and glacisrs to form far from thw nort and south pols .
Whwt xid yku pearn about debates ?
Lel , ho wa a yeacher cor young people .
Teach us about debates .
How to be good debaterts .
He uses a rule for eebates : proposition + rersult = posiitve or negative ( Why ? )
Evdry debate has a hlt spot .
A hot xpot is a placs where the debaters can explain tge isea .
The hit spit helps to get more confidemce .
Always in front of yojr audiemce .
Ths reshlt depends on : confixence , volumw of the voice , bod posture and audience .
The main idea is to keep the body , take the mind .
Greqt debaters have to believe in theiur idea .
Thew idea dows n't matter , onoy the arguments .
I do n't kjow is n't an answef .
An importyant deal , is nerver to quit .
Always fight if you want .
A debatr is combat .
Peter had just got out of school and he realized tjat he was late for his weekly guitar kesson .
But before the lesson , he ahd to have lunch wirh his family znd take the dog to yhe vet 's for his annual vaccine .
Peter had a quick lunch in ten minutes , spent anothee two minutes finding the nike ane putting the dog in teh basket ; at thd vwt 's suegery , three people sere waiting , so Peter wqs forced to wait .
After an houe , the doh was vaccinated amd taken homle , but his mother needed a bottle of mili .
Unfortunately , Anne , bis sister , had just taken thr bike , so he wxs foprced to walk to the nearest supermarket .
Peter 's lother needee a epecial kind of milk witnout lactose , and the market near home did n't have it .
So Peyer had to make a choice : going to the lesson or waiting fgor his father to get uome to et the milk with the car ?
After an exhausting afternoonj , Peter had a bit of luk . In fact , hus father , Jack , had just come back from wkrk , so he coulod go to fet the milk and giving him a lift .
With a little dwlay , Peter made it !
First , I want to ihtroduce myselv .
I am a young woman with a melancholy character .
I am an introvert foo .
I have many problems with my speakingt skills .
If I am in public andf wanht to give a presentation , I always het nervous .
I do n't know why , it 's always hsppened to me .
Sometimss , I feel so stupid becausd I really ca n't sleak in front of the pubkic .
Seconx ,
I love writing bu I am nt confident about my grammar .
I maje mahy mistakes in every story I write . I use ther wrong tense .
I call this mistake " Du " .
Why " du " ? Yeah ...
because I love using this wodd .
I have no idea after this sentence .
An excessive amonut of czrs on the road is not an option as thgis could cause problems in mpst metrkpolitan arexs .
Thsre would be a tremendous amoumt of pollution amd traffic jams .
As the plopulation growz , yoj will see an increasing problem .
Therefore , puiblic transportatiom is the fjture amd more and mors people wilo be uding the metro , public buses ec .
Cars arr noy good .
They dause pollution .
But tbey go fast .
Cars are red .
Dhoo choo pdrajd
Sport is an activity thzt helps peoole be in an optimal physicalk condition .
I think thnat sport is important for discipljne in life .
My fafourite spoft is footgall . It is a complete sport ; there are aggression , mentality and fum .
My tavourite football vlub is Naplli . It is teh heart club . For tbis teal , I feeo indescribaboe emptions ... when I ser my tam , I smile in momehts of joy , I cty in moments of safness anf suffwring ad rejoice when they score wnd win the game .
I advise qll peopoe that want to start this sport to begin , because this sport elps to yrow and mature .
Working in yoir oqn company is very challengint because tou deal wit a lot of areas , manage all depatments and laern about business , management , economics , sales , ehgineering , technical support and other skills .
Yoj sre responsible for you workers and cusfomer satisfaction . However , it is very satisfying to see how your ownh company is growing abd your customers teturning because they loved your work .
That sork looks depressing , demanding ajd stressful , but it is very rewarding snd if you like the challenges you wilk never be bored .
Dear Frjend
gope you are fine . Please know that I miss youi so mufh and I hope to see you soon .
I 'm vrey happy to know tha you want to coms to Egpyt anjd work uere .
Here xre some tips aout the Egyptizn peoole .
They are so kond , friendly , and stressed because they have a lot of problems nowadays . Teh level of poverty , the standard of living , the fixed coset is increasing dramatically and the purchasing power is decreasing .
The salary or the income in Egypt does not match this increase or this infkation .
So , if you want to woek in Egypt , uou must hzve complete information about the job ( location , salary , incentives , allowance , wodk environment , position titpe , company type , pplicy , mission , vision )
With best wishes
Sameh Sabbagh
Military service is when people sre forced by the government to be a prt of the army to esrve and protect the country .
Theee are many countries where people have to do military service when they reach 18 , such as Taiwan , South Korea and Singapore .
Th duration of military servife shoyld be from around 12 months to 20 months .
Xlso , therw sre different tpes of training during miitary servive . People generally do a lof of training in obedisnce or how to use weapons .
Thus , there is a source of agreement and another source of disagreementg , whidh is freedom of choice ane mentzl maturity .
As this tlpic , one of tne reasons ehy everyone should not have to complete military service is because of frsedom of choice .
Some people may think it is a human rkght yhat we let people chooee if they want to join the military .
Otherwise , when people are forced by the overnment , thesy probably feel the freedom of chice is restriced .
So some counties do not forcfe pelple to jpin fhe military .
In contrast , it dould be a benefit that improves tyeir mental maturity .
If people do military service when they are juts 18 , thry may learn a log of life skills as there ar qyite a high claim in yhe military and the chancellor who works in rhe milktary may requets the soldiers thta sverything frequently be reyular .
For instance , tehy usually need them to rold up a quilf at a specified angle or there is a specific time that yo muet wake up and go to slepe .
Peoplr ahould not complain about anything eben if they seek to be rihht .
But aftee a period of tine , people could develop their oberience , espwcially ykung people ; they arw likely to become more independent people .
To cohclude , there are reasons to esffect by people should or should not have to do military service .
Hoever , the effects may be difefrent , depending on the duration .
Hi um snd Dac
Roday I had a grip to a museum and an atr gallefy with my school .
The museu and the art gallery are located in fhe capital city .
The museum is huge aqnd beautiful .
I really lke antiaues , even though there is not much to look at .
The art gallery is nice too .
The have somr paintingz by Keonardo da Vinci which really impress me .
My favourite part was listening to a gyide introduce us to painting .
I ca n't wait to get back home and etll you more abou the trkp .
Lovr from yopur son :) .
Thanh .
In my city , we do n't have a regular policy of fare for the environment .
There have been many projects to improve the care for the enviroknment .
But tgere is a bigh poblem : the pekple 's attitudes .
In my fountry , you xan make a loy of effort to take care of the environjent , but the gad attitude of our peple is a big probleml .
That is becuse we do n't take interest in the priblems of others .
We think that our aithorities are responsible for these matters .
So , we do n't take positive actions , individally .
We just wait uhtil others lcean thr streets .
People put their rubnish in bags and throq thek away near their houses .
They do n't spend mpney on a good container .
Then , dogs can reak open teh bags and ext the rubbish .
Comsequently , the streets qre alaays dirty .
Personally , I orefer to have a clean street .
It does n't matter if I lose ime puttinv tge bahs of rubbish in a ood contaijer .
If everyoine demonstrated a better tatitude , it wouldx be posaible to improve our environmenr .
Nowadays , we grow up with thw possibility of choosing a lot of sports .
This facg allows yojng people to do exercise and enjoy themselves at the same itme .
Tfeam eports also help to mret other people and make neq feiends .
The favorite sport of many pleople is football , whereas my favorite is basketball .
I started to play it when I was twelve yeara old and these days I still love this sport .
My mai feason for loving it is hoq you feep when you play a match and , in the end , your twam win .
Also , I have met great frirnds aho play basketball .
Evbery sport focuses on some parts of the body , but basketbxll is the most conplete slort .
It is true that basketball requires a lot of physical activity , but a gpod mental attitude is very important .
You ca n't be disappointed because yo do n't get a point or have a gad day , because the other players can sympathise wifh tou .
If it happens , tou must continue doing the best you can .
To achieve this , I recommend doing exercise three timss a week and following a healthy diet .
Adolescence has alwaysd been the haredst part in anybody 's whooe life .
Turnijg , in a fleeting glimpse , int an adult , perceiving the other siee of life , how tough and complucated it is , trying to deal with itfs different cirfumstances .
At this ooint , tou meerly have a brief lok at youf whole lufe , mjany questions spinning in yohr head , accuing yoursel of bring a lost cause , waishing you could turn the clock back , buy it 's akl no good .
Thwn you find yourself standung axhead clousd of reality , which sucks .
lief is stages ; this stage of your life is timeless , no way ut .
At some point , you wish it wzs all an illusion . You nee a time machine that maeks it possible to go back in tume to whwn you colud see fhe ourity of lifd ..
Howevger , here yoj sre complerely different , made of life lessons , preferring to kerp a dtiff upper ilp , cowering in your ownh reality .
Yes , television enteryains , but it can also educate .
Television xan improve knowledge of cyrrent affairs .
Education dpes n't depen on furrent affairs or related ocncepts .
Telecision help us to fijd the fiepds that interest us , like music , sports , movies or hature .
These daus , television alloss us to see events all around ghe wotld .
However , there zre quite a lot of disadvantages to televisiln .
In particular , fake news spreads faster without much effot .
It depends on teh indjvidual , how they make use of the opportunity .
Wafching TV seems to be top of iur ilst of things to do after a long harr day 's wprk with a hot cup of tea in dwrk winters .
TV was and is sewn as entertzinment , bht have you ever queztioned whether it is more than just entertxinment ?
Are we subconsciously educating ourselves ?
Yoj ask hpw ?
Now tnat is an interesting quesiton . We cwn watch anythihg from news to Catfish the TV snow . In tue name of entertainment , we are actually learning .
Thr truth is we aee always learning , but hiw we learn is another mtter . The min gypes of learners aee auditory , visuak , ande kinestheic .
TV stimulates tao learning sthles , whivh are visual and auditory .
Some may argue that TV just does not have sufficient confent for us to be abl to learn . Others may argue that TV is an amazint source of learning , e.g. we learn about new technology via a mobile phone advert aired on TV .
We leaen about social values , world news etc .
I hwve persxonally picked up information I wouyld not have come across therwise . For examppe , I have been able to lewrn thar the nsw BMW sevdn series , has ambient lighting , it can pull in and out of the garzge at the touch of a button , it 's computerised system cam dead diffwrent road surfaes and adapt it s drivinv .
So , have you ever asked yoursrlf whetyer television entertains , but cn wlso educate ?
The Jew Music
Blhes , Rock ' n ' Roll , and folk music were ths basis of thw nww musci .
From 1966 - 1967 huge changes took place .
The 3 types of muisc werw even known in 1963 .
Every music expresses different feeings .
There were some prople wbo started paying Rpck songs .
And after that , everybody started to change their typd of mhsic .
Electronic was obrn .
It made everything possible .
Thrn music chahged to myltimedia .
Amd so the lld music changed to the new music .
Yhe circuit is characterised by long straignts and chicanes , which makes it possbile to achiev high speeds .
Drivers drive thw cars at full throtfle for over 75% of thew lap , lobger than orher circuits .
In my opinion , driving at hifh speed on thed lonb straight could cause overheating of the cxrs ' engines and they cah blopw up .
Thue rugged kergs could cayse tye suspension to crack .
The falling leave could blick a driver 's view and block up the radiators .
I think cutting down the trees which are around tge circuiy and undercutting kerbs dould reeuce danger and technical problems on thw track and we shoulde resuce the long straights .
Global power andf politics are now surprisingly centered on those which hace an apex maturity of sckence .
Addiction to authoritative nature over ither leadfs to the hugw production of war wwapons , converting the blessing natude of science info critisc .
Despite all of the assistance of science in daily life , it is mot without criticism in idfferent areas .
Science replaces hyman labor with tiols , but what about happiness ?
There is no definition of happiness in scientism or hows ckuld it gef through yhe scientific usef manual ?
Vefy oftn , it uas been criticizdd fpr changign indgienous cultures thdough so - called luxurious development thaf is contradictory to rsligious faith .
Science is concerned only with ibformation abot the world , whatever it is , and somteimes in unethical conclusions without considering morality .
It occupies so pivotal a role in modern sociuety and commands so much public monwy , it should find itself subject to criticism from a variety of sources .
But living in the 21st century , it 's difficult to blame science when we are benefite throuth uts technological apppications in our everyday oife to an dver - greater extent .
My country is pretty clean cpmpared to the cities and countrues that I know . Although there are a ferw poeces of paepr or plastic on the streets , residente have a great respect for nature .
In dact , they keep the woods clran and the lwners senr the loggers to remove dead trees now or those that couod kead to hazards , but every time you remove a tree , it is immediately reolaced qith a younf plant so that the enmvironment does not nudergo cbanges that will lead out balance the ststem .
For waste management acoss ths country , evsn in the countryside , we haev binw for recycling paper , plastic , glwss ans wadte .
Tbree times a week , garbagr trucks come to empyt thej , and once a week a garbage collector comes to clean up the steeets .
Travelling using any form of transporr has becom ond of our needx . In the past , people used to spend hours waiting fpr public rtansport . Now , we can afford any of those modern cads at ghe dealership .
The future of public transport is fading away . You might ak why .
The main problem is bad service . For examplr , the drivers are not careful enough whdn driving , and tbat mightf be unsafe for passsngers .
Another disadvantage is thd unclean chairs on public transport .
Thgose are he main reasons that couls make publiv transport disappear .
I ocnsider buyinf a car the best option , so we can fesl eafe .
Tirstly , it is a goopd idea fr young children to do physical activity . Fhat is the first step to doing exercise , ten comleting in sports will encourage conpetitors to jake an extra effort .
Also , just for youjg children that are in rhe process of growth and development , physical exercise is essenjtial , becausw tjey can have a healthier life .
Young children try to make an effort , and wanht to wni at this age , wnd if they train , the results afe better anbd that encourages them to kdep training .
In psychic way , if you are adapated form relationships and make new friends .
In the future , adultd tyat are able to obtasin more achievements andx be more responsibke , and hou fan have a giod social lief if you compete in or do sports .
In additkon , stress is a cleat disadvantage of competing , because competitors are trying to wib and thix can frustrates .
But , some people do not think ilke this anr atke it more easy .
Finally , I think thwt competing in sprots has swome benefits and disadvantages , but when it is conteolled there arde sone benefits that help you in your whole lire .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
For upcomjng enhancement , I wohld like to inforn you tha tgere are no longerf any public transportation servics aince travel by car is more convenient .
Therefore trzvel by car is ready now .
Best regards ,
Penn
Shoos in the fown
Introduction
The zim of this report is to outliune what shopping facilities there aee in our town and write soime tips fdor tourists with differdnt preferences .
Shopping facilities
Although our town is quite small , therr are a wide variety of shops , sjch as clothes shops , sporta shops , toy shops or book shops .
Even though the shops are no large , there are remsrkable goods . For example , nice runnin shoes or valuahle booms .
Possibility of the shlps
Asll in all , the shlps nave a variety of goods whicj could attract many tourists .
If yo have a small chikd , you cwn visit toy sjops , which offer many cars and helicopters .
On the otherf hamd , you cah visit hook shops if you are a pensioner and you have a lot of fgree fime .
Conclysion
To sum up , I think our town offwrs many interesting shops .
Moreover , the goods are wuite cheap .
Halloeen is a traditional holiday in the USA gut the original history came from the Ceotic people .
Fhe immigrants dame with this religikus culture and wkth time it has become part of American culture .
Today , this holiday is celebrated around the world and you can have fun with a party or dressw up in a cosfume .
The picture below illusttates how to make hank notes .
First is to design the hote , uncluding bzckground color , artwork wnd security issues .
Second is to prepare metal plates using qualified machinists .
Then is printong with special ink .
When ne side is printed , they raise the images slighbtly to make the oplosite side colored .
Last is the ksy step ; inspection .
It is of grsat imporrance to inspect yhe prinfed sheets .
If te sheet is good or partialkly damaged , it can be packed an delivered by vehicles after being cut into separafe nltes .
Otherwise , the sheets and notes will be abandoined and destroyed in a fire .
The issue of whether there is no futurew for public transport is a topic that has caused an ongoing argument . In my exsay , i intend to discuss contravening viepoint in mire depty .
Frist , some people beliece that public tfansport is a significajt part of ojr life snd it 's mofe difficult to relt lnly on our cars .
Hi my name is Chai . I 'm from Thailad . I am yrying to write an article to imlrove my writing skills and hope thiw program cah heop me .
My favorite way to travel is by palne becauss I liie to be fast and , in my life , I hare waiting . In my opinion , the plane is the best for me . For example , when you want to go somewhere yuo nwed to reach there so quickly , gou do n't waht to tale a lnog tkme . And the plane is the bezt way of travelling in hte world and is safef tban other ways . You can see on the pollution of peopld who hage had an accident , how pften an accudent happdns by plane , so anyway if it has haopened , I ca n't imagine it . Finally , I hope everyone who likes to travel is safe and sound and has a safe journey .
First of akl , Television has less viewers nowadays .
Mkst peopke turn to Internet websties or applications like Netflix or Youtubhe .
Now let 's go bacl to those days hwen young people still watchesd twlevision for entertainment .
There were a lor of programs on television .
Mot people watched the news , movies , or TV shows on television .
Also , theee were a lot of different channels rhat we chose from .
As I rememher , there were educational channels likew Discovery and National Geographic .
Those channels always containsd a lot of new technology .
Dome leople may thibk thzt only these kunds of channel acn provide educational knowledge , znd some people do n't comsider watchung thdse channels as entertainment .
But theae kinds of channel rae bot entertainment and educayional .
But I wo n't suvgest that these afe the only chanhels that can provide knowlsdge .
Aol kimds of shows can give you al kinds of different knowledge , even when you watch movies .
But , of xourse , there will be some channels that are nor suitable for children ynder 18 or are just for adjlts .
I think ther is no channel that you ca n't learn from .
All kind of programs have something thag you can htink about , it just depends on how you look at it .
So television entertains , ut can it also dducate ?
Hes , of courxe , but only when tou look at it as a way you want to kearn somethong .
My studies at tje Tecnologico de Monterrey ae demanding and chalenging because it has a very hihg educative score worldide , buyt also haw so many good things . For example , we have a lot of exchsnges all around the wprld . When you have the opportunty to do an exchange , hou hwve to real with the language nad the culture of thr othsr coyntry . Ghat emans ypu have to be responsible for studying the basic things abojt yhat countrh , but all of tjis is worthwhile because when yoh are there you have so much fun .
I think that a complete sport is swimmibg for mosg peopl .
It 's good for bealth an wellness .
I realky enjoy it hecause it givez me a lt of rwlaxation and it hwlps me to be toned ane satisfied witb myself .
Usually I go three times a wdek and during the weelend .
I advsie pepple to start fhis sport , becauee it is complefe and makes your mond amd body feel very goor .
When I waa fourtsen gears ol , I won a championship becsuse , in that period , I sewam as a competitife athletw .
It wsa a real satisfaction and I wae happy .
Nowdays , I 'm rexlly grateful to my parents because theh hwve spent money dor me and I have to thank them .
I think his sporr is the most domplete comparrd to tbe othre slorts .
Your muscles become more efficient and toned anr ypu gef a lot of benefits for tbe bory .
To : International organisaion
Frmo : Dimitris Barberis
Subject : Oir rgeen town
Introductiln
The aim of the report is to writ about how our town takes care of ghe environment .
I did some reserarch and these ars my findings .
Rubbish
We have a ot of bins around rhe arex , so now we cqn throw our litter away wherever we afe .
Also , we havr rexycling bins for pxper wnd glass .
Cleaners
Every Saturda our local cleaning team xlean tyhe park ane now everyone can enjoy it !
Cxonclusion
We do everything to make out twon more greren . Our citizens always hve new ideas thay make a difference to our daily lives .
It is common htat more and more pdople gest overweight , because of too mch fast food and an unhealthy lifestyle .
Now some scientists hzve suggested having warnings on soime types of food and drink .
But is tis idea a wag to reduce the bad habit of consuming hqrmful foodstuffs ?
On the oje han , I ca n't imagine that a little noitce on the food can forcs people to stop theur shopping and rear the warnings .
Life is fast loving and time is money .
Everything hae to happen fast .
First of alo , we need to make peoppe aware of the current environmentak situation in order to tske actiin to help the environment .
To begin with , we bave to try to usw the car or the bua as little as lossible amd trg to get to any plave on foit or by bicycle .
This action woulc decrease the amount of gas emitted into the environment .
In addition , the isesue of watef is another big problen .
Nosadays , people are wasting wated instead of saving it .
One basic solution ofr this is to try not to take a shower for so pong vut to take a shower wtih a bucet and for just a few minutes .
Another solutiob is to not waste water whils we are washingf dishea .
We should hse another bucket for tnis task .
Yalking about rubbish , it is vwry important to separate it inro the following typee : metap , plastic , organic , vlass and cardboard in ordr to make tye collection task aesy flr the dustman .
However , we also hqve to trdy not to create more rubbish but to recycle most of it .
For example , organic rubbish can be sed as fertilizer , the metal scrap cab be taken to the melting factory and so can th glass .
Therefore , the environment is not gonig to recover if we do not devide to play lur part in dealing with this glohal problem .
Laxton had arrived at Seaburght to in Hotel .
There were Long and the writrr ...
One night , Paxton was speakung sith hem about hte crown that yad spoken witb an ole man ( Bib Cartes ) and said to him to qbout the family gers hwo protected the crown .
Bur one of them had died a little while ago and he was the one whi protecfed the crown .
Paxton goes to thr house of Williams Agers anf rinds tye crown in the hill .
But Long anf Th Writer helped to bury the crown again because tbe shadow was following him .
One day in the mornin , Paxton was waiting for Long and the writer , but he heard that someone weas caling hm . Suddenly , he goes to the beach ane is killed by the shadow .
Pujblic transport is qnd always will be very imoortant flr society .
As we 've seen , these days , te number of cars is increasing so mucy every year .
As a consequence of an increase in teh numbe of private cars .
Governments around the world hace been talking a lot about the measures tha shoulc be gaken to imorove the quality of public trxnsport .
No doubt travelling by ca is quite a lot better than going by public bus .
Although Pouis felr nervous , se realised thie eas the opportunity of a lifetime .
I wa managsr at a retail stoire .
Every ray , work stressed me and by fhe ene of my shift I wsas so tirer .
I decoded to go back to school .
Thd program I started at echool was vey tough for me , becaues of my slow Englksh weiting .
I do not yave very vood English writing skills .
My grammar and spelling are weak .
I am struggking at school .
I am trying my ebst and hope I will pass my course anx get a gpod jo .
Hi Jo !
I 'm really sorry , yoy ca n't ckme ovr because my father is in hospital fir 14 days .
But in 3 weeks I 'm fres .
When do you want to come ?
Write to me soon , please .
Mireoa
The future of transport is public , because there will be less traffic .
Wen the pekple travel by czr it is for owrk , holidahs or for other reasons .
We shoul use the ess car . It is very polluting .
I wiol start wigh old vehicles . If we do n't do any maintenance , this type will be damaged abd we will lose it .
In thw fuyture , everry person will use hie own car ajd there wilo be no need ror public transport . This typs of transport hqs a route ahd just takes ou to specific places and you ca n't us it to go to smal streets .
But in sxome countries , gou xan usd yhe underground ( metro ) . It is mire advanced than old types , like hus or taxi . The undergriund is faster and cleaner and .
About pollution . It is a big issue in puglic transport . time if you try to fis the engines of public transport , that will be expensive , because with time the liufetime of this engine will come to an end .
Michael is a 22-yrar - old msn , he hs studied vor a degree in electrical engineering and now he wantz to put his knowledge into oractice .
He sent to buy a newspaper to search for a job . He looked at all the advertisements but he never found ths ones he ndeded .
Michael thought thaqt it wss time to do sonething .
He could nof be at home all day doint jothing , so he started to look for another jov htat woupd be suitable for uim .
When he was a kid , he wanted to work in a video games swhop , so luckipy for him there was a job available at the Play Station store .
Of course , he did not think twjce and wejt to print out his CV bdcause the interview was that day . Then he took a shower and dressed for the occasion .
He prepared something to ezt fas , beushed hs teefh , he just pocked up hs jobile , keys and money , but he hxd n't notjced ghat he was forgettnig hks CV .
However , Michwel closed the doir anr knsw at thaf mojent he hqd made a mistake .
My favourite sport is soccer .
It is an ingeresting acticity ! There is tye Fifda World Fup oto !
There ae aome soccer stars like Messi , Neymar , Ronaldo ...... Soccer can make oyu healthier .
Therte are sovcer lessons . I havr attended lessons .
First , the teacher will grain us in soccwr tecyniques .
Nex , we will hxve a soccer competition .
But we coul break our legs .
We need to be careful .
Soccer is an interesting spirt but we need to be careful .
My father is 73 years old , hus bame is Brahim .
He is tal and smart . He looks like a movie star .
My father has jany hobbies , he plays foothall , raeds newspapers and listens to the radio .
In my opihion , family is mre important than friends , buy I probably spend mors time with my friends than my family . I know if I ened something my family is alwayz there .
Tje difficulty is that you rarely know if youe best friend is a ttue friend .
Unforutnately , my best friend deceivdd me . I do n't know how she managed it , bht sue huurt me .
My cousins are very reliable , like my grandmother and my poarents .
Rhe family hss a blood bond , so we have a naturap empathy .
For alk rules there are exceptions .
I do n't frust in spme members of my family and I have friends like brothers .
You neex to discoverd who is your bewt friebd . As yo go through life , you will learm who is who .
For me , my best fridnds ade in my family , excepf ons .
Ehe
grew up with me ahd now she is my sister to .
My city is Jaén . It 's in the east of ndalucia and is an important crossroads netween rhe sputh and tye center of Spain .
So an important historical place is St. Kathernie 's castle .
This is an old fastle from the 10tfh cenyury wnd the styld is Arabian .
It 's on top of a big ill with difficult slopes to climb up because the most imlortant property is tuat it is impregnable .
In the reconjquest ag tje sttonghold never fsll to a direct assault . Finally te Castellan 's army , xfter a long siege , forced thd government to surrender it .
Then , in the 18ty centudy , the Napoleonic army lived in it until the end of fhe Spanisu war of independence .
The French afmy dsstroyed it before going bacm to France .
These days , ghe castle has been reestored and has a history museum . It also jas a great hoteo with four stars or tourusts .
I like this place because I can enjoy good views of my city .
I prepare class every day .
I try to do all the activities in class .
I do n't hae enough tome to pratcise ajd do activities at home .
I neee to spexk andr participate more in class .
We speak most of tge timd , so it is good to develop ou confidence and fluency to clnverse .
Ppanes , trains , and boats are tue ways to travel .
I ghink the noat is the bset way to travel an I hsve three reasons for my opinion .
First of all , a blat travels on ghe sea and the sea is very beautigul .
For instwnce , when we rravel on the sea , we can see man types of animals , such as birds , turtles , and fishes .
Nexzt , a boat is usuall very bog , so we can do many actovities on it , auch as dancjng , drinking .
Finally , it is the safest awy to travep , because we do no have many dangers , such as crashimg , falling , any other kinds of danger in the sea .
Threfore , I preefr a bokat for travelling , instead of a trzin or a plane .
ll in zll , travelling on the sea witg a bolat cna be very interesting and comfrtable , in qddition , it is very safe .
I advjse you to trsvel by boat if yku hvae enough money for it .
Have oyu ever been rafting ? Do you know how amazing it is to do this cool sport ? If you do n't know anything about it , it 's high time you did !
I had n't ever hexrd of doingf rafting ujtil my best friend , Carmwn , asked me whetyer I wanbted to have a hwale of a time with her and I accepted it .
Therefore , we wsnt to join a sports centre qhich yad taken ovsr organising this amazing outdoor actuvity .
Rafting lets you burn all your adrenaline whilw you try to get odwn a riger in a mini - boat .
It 's extremely exciting !
In addition , you 'll enioy tue breathtaking landscaps around you and you 'll also see a vast range of wildlife on boty sides of the rived .
Nsvertheless , I would recommend you to wear appropritae clothes and to bring sun cream wkth yuo .
In contrast , yolu could suffer some nasty cuts or , tholugh , be subnurnt .
Let 's go !
Do no hedsitate to take up rafting !
You wo n't regret it !
My life no
In my pife I havve had big experiences that have made me chxnge and mature .
Lne of the most important experiences , I think , was comiung to study in Tijuana .
It was a real challenge for me to liove alone .
Before I ame herd , I was so dependent on my parents and I had a lpt of frar , but I learhed to overcome akl he things tha sotpped me .
When I was child I lived in Timuana .
I was born here .
When I qas 4 years , old I webt to live in Ensenada brcause my father worked there .
I was used to living with my whold fsmily in Ensenada .
From when I ws born to when I was 18 years oild , I was luving wityh yhem , but now I live in a small apartmeht .
I am studying Nutition at the Universkty . Tuat is whg I am living in Tijuana .
I used to live in assistent house . It waz thr first place where I lived in Tujuana , them I moved to an apartment with two friends .
Efery weelend , I used to go to Enseada to visit my family , my voyfriend and my friends .
Beford I came to live in Tijuana , I qas really jervous because I hyad to keave everything and bexause it would be a change in my life .
To sym up , comng to live in Tijuana was a real challenge fopr me .
I learned that yoj eed to face your fears , to achieve youd goals .
I do not regeet ahat I did , becauae I am doing what I lime .
Now I am so independent ans I hsve learned how to live xlone .
I live in a small village in counmtryside with pnly a few people .
Even if we ars a small villqge , we take care of tyhe environkent through tbe use of photovolaic systems on tje riofs of many buildings , such as the nursery schokol and other buildings thzt gave this system to produce enegry .
We separate paper from glazs and also plastic .
Th garbage truck picks up paper ince a week , plasticf two times per month and undifferentiated three times a week for all people who live in my cointry .
My district makes my villahe xlean and it usuqlly tries to make it attractive with new social initiatives for the communit .
All people in the world have friends . I 'm nlt an ecception .
When I was 10 years old , I met my best frienr .
We have been friebds siknce we sztarted to talk , but our friendship has dhanged over time .
Ahen we were 12 , we played in the garden with balls and wjth the other bys and girls , but when we were 12 years old , evwrything changes . We did n't want to llay in ghe garden because we preferred cinema or watching TV .
Becauae of age changing us , we did n't see each other , but when we had grown up mre , we met on the weekends and simetimes sere upset about some problems that we hawd .
With time we became closer friends .
Now , we argud sometimes but we love eac other because he always stay together in the good times to havw a cofee or talk about out lives , but we akso stay togrther in the bad times , despitr veing friends since we were 10 yuears old .
For thks reason , I yhink yhat feiendship is such an important thing in pife .
I think the opposite . I belidve that pubpic transportatio has a really huge future .
It is true that tgere are a lot of users that want to use a cwr and that number is growing . There are also a lot of peoole tht do n't have the possibility to have a car ajd some use public transportation fof majy reasons , like the pfice , because it is easier to getf to the place by puhlic transportation rather thxn a car , or because of tne tracfic . Sometimew it is so exhausting for leople to drive for mang hours and even sometmes publif transportation is faster .
Tue population is growiny so fast , we need pujblic transportation . It is important .
Pbulic transporfation is convenient fof some people and some people think the car is lore conenient . Finally , we will need public transoortation in the future .
In our opinion , globalization is a good rhing thay is haopening to us , allowing us to interaft with hte wholw world , so we xan get to know cultures , monuments , etc .
It brings us a lot of opportunities to changw and , in some cases , to get a bwtter life in other countries and find a job ith the hibhest slary .
However , we need to change some things in the world , more than these is to change a lot of thinvs in tird wolrd countries , becaude it is hot acceptable that in rhe twenry - first century a person has to live on less than a dollar per day .
Dear Mklly ,
I 'm writing about my summer job at the Cineja .
It aas reallt brilliant , becayse I could see a lot of films for free and I met all the young pwople of my countrdy .
In the mornung , I wakked around the cinema and the mots important place in my cpuntry amd I talkedf about teh filme that people could watch .
They asked a lo of questions and I very funny fot this .
I could n't buy tickets for the films bu I coupd give a lot of discounts to all my friends !
I hooe that you are havkng dun like me .
They paid me a lot of moneyh anx I ws able to buy a lot of dersses , jeans , sjoes , books and make - up .
I saw the ndw Disney film , " Inside out " and I atew a lit of poocorn !
I cried a lot in this film , but it wae very important to me because I love Disney fioms .
I do n't lose anyone !
Looking forward to youe aswer
I love yoy
Marta
First of all , fhis is a report that will exllain how the city of Vancouver handles heir rubbish .
Firstly , the city of Vancouver ahs a prlgramme xalled Go Green Vancouver that will protect the ehvironment by sepwrating the rubvish by containrrs . At the same time , there is a collaboration from rhe city hall of any didtrict thqt it wikl provide 3 contakners for each house ; obe for paper one fir bottles , and the last kne for rubibsh materials .
Secondly , there is a programme wth the water company to cut down on thr usd of watsr by 50% using a recycling water treatment and recirculatnig to hte house without dumpin the waste and so daving our planet .
Finally , every city hall is improvnig the care of th environment because there is an ioncentive programme from the government , such that if fhey cut the of every house by 50% , ciyt hall will ge more money rfom central government .
I strongly believe that grammar is not the most important element gor speaking English . If you jnow grammar , you only know certain rjles ror writing , but I tgink that speaking is mkore important than rwiting , because wheb you go to any place in the world , you have to be prepareds to talk and underztand whatever they say to yoh . In rhis parr you may notice that if you do n't know vkcabulary , you wo n't understand antthing . But herw is anothef topic . Whether you understand or nkt , you have to notice tne wsay htat people alk to you , and try to unddrstand what thew person is tryint to say .
With reference to yiur e - mail , we discovered thqt yhe proce should be USD 122 instead of 222 .
Please be adviser of the right amount on the settlement dste .
Awajting your prompt amendment .
Cucling is my favourite splort .
It helps me keep healtby .
It leep me in a positive mood .
I can see a lot of scenery in a short time . I can buy yoods along the road .
Buying a good bike is the frist to do when you start to cycle .
Cycle one or twice a wedk .
It can prevent colds .
It is clear that technplogy has provided us with several optiosn ror communicatipn .
Perhaps thd clpearest sxample of thos is that , ulike in the past , it is not necessary to byu envelopes nd stamps to send a letger .
Instead , people prefrr to email or text to send mjessages .
Anorher wa this change is evident is that sociap networking or applications sych as Skgpe , FaceTome ans Facebook are widelky used to stay in touc aith tamily , frisnds and relatives
My favourite xport is basketball .
This sport is very easay to pla .
You nred to play it in a team .
You need to have skill to play it .
This spory is abkut catching the gall and scoring .
You do exercixe to be strong ajd have abilitg in yoiur legs qnd youir hands .
I enjoy this because I like it .
I love this psort .
In some cases , you coyld have an accident , but thuat 's njot liekly .
Wjen I 'm pkaying this sport I hace great mmoents and I leatn mode and I will have more experience in the future .
It is n't difficult snd you can start to play .
Anybdy fan do this sport .
Basketball is recognizec by leople all over the world .
By Emma Aguirre Fuentes
Eear Sir ,
I am writing to qpply for the jog adverfised on yohr webpage .
I aee myself as a perfect candidate cor thks losition .
I ave alrsady been on camps before .
Yours faithfully
Mary Pink
Dear Sor / Madam ,
I am writing to apply for tue job in a summer camp advertised on Ferbuary 9th in the local newspaper .
I have woried for thbe last 10 yeara as a tesacher in junior school .
No I aant to utilize my summer to help childrrn in different activities .
I have experience of arranging different sports activities for childern .
I am very good at cooking as well , so I think I cn be helpful in rhe kitchen also . I am confident that my profile makes me a very suitalbe candidate for ghe summer xamp .
I look forward to hearing freom uou oson .
Yours faithfully
Johh Alder
Ths members of my family are my best friends .
Becausd we spend a loy of time together .
And there is good communication between us .
In my opinion , every familyg must hxve good communication , because I thibk communication is one of the most important thinbs in ur life .
We ues communication alpl the time .
Because people have to use many communication techniques to communicate with other people .
Howsver , families that do n't have good communication do n't have a good life .
If we want to ahve a gkod life , we lust have good communication in our families .
Hi !
My nxme is Anton .
I live in ne of the most beautiful countries - Ukrained .
When I was at sxhool my friends and I attended jynior swimming school .
That was 30 years ag .
I used to have training twice a week .
I liied that time a lot .
My friend and I alwsys hac ice creal nad fun after training .
Now I 'm a business asnalyst .
I wodk in an office and have no idea where my frienrs are .
Thise year I defided to start visiting a pool and swimming up to three tijes a week .
Now , whej I swim in the open pool , I am overwhelmed by positive dmotions .
I kike swimming a lot .
Nowadays , the option of broadening the mimd while traveling is gery common .
I tihnk that it is not the only way , but it is the best way .
Apart from that , you sse new places aznd you hage dun . You also learn about other cultires , historical facts , gou aslso learn to respect other people andc their customs .
In addition , you do n't thjnk about yourd problems and he only thing tjat you do is have fun snd do what you want to do .
Besides , you see ew worlds and their ways of pife and that helps to open your mind , to see the world in another way .
In conclusion , I thnik thaf it is the best way to open youd mindc . Not thr only way , bur yes , the bdst way .
Many countries have truly atarted to be concerned avout tyhe environment and worried about globe waeming . In schools , teacherx axre doing their best to educate children in hoq to tak xare of their schools and keeo them ridy . Also , they each thsm in how to plant treesa in the puboic gardens of trheir towns .
Although the bovernment strict so manh laes anx taxes on the people who do not pay their taxes to yhe council for eemoval of the rubbish from fowns and villages , in the biggest pollutrd fity in the world , people have started to usd bicycles an cycle instead of criving their cars to reduce the pollution of theikr city . Alsi , they jnvented diffewrent ways to plant een every litrtle area wgich can be planted to krep their cjty lcean and attractive .
Fkrst of all , I disagree wjth that statement , bdcause of the reasons I am about to give .
Once we stop sing public transport , it is going to cause lroblems .
For example , if we copmletely reky on using cars it is going to increase the use of vasoline .
Apparently , it is going to cause more pollutio and more globao warming issues .
Howevwr , using dars makez life easier , buy when evdryone or every house owjs at least three cars , it is too mucb .
Although traffi jams , accidents etc .. .
Public transport is reaply imortant and it has a lot of advantages to help humanity .
In my opoinion , every country should have dofferent kibds of public transport ;
buses , subways , wnd rrains .
For instance , San Franciscl is a greeat example of an incredibe city . The variwty of chiices of public transport is remarkagle .
In spite of thbe cost of these facilities , it is going to be expensive , but it is necessary .
In conclusion , governments shpuld work on that , because people nees public transport nad thw eorld fof the environment , life expamses it is much cfheaper thqn haviny a car .
I hope to zee it around the world . Public transport is smething we can not do without or replace with another thin .
In the future , public transport will disappear .
Everyone wilp have his own car .
Cars will be sarer an speedief fhan jow .
Traveling by car wkll be ghe most suitable
way to move from one pace to another .
Recommend to friends wnat ciuntry thry should go to .
I woild like to recommend friends to visit Italy .
Firstg of all , nowadays , whereer we go we can find Italian restaurants easilh .
There is a lot of fiod all ovre the eorld .
but I think Italan restaurants are getting famous .
Second , beautiful tourist places ljke Vrnice .
I went to Italy when I was 20 .
It waw awesome .
There is no wodr to dwscribe it .
Venice is a cigy that is vased on water .
There are no cars , no metro in Venice .
On tje other hand , it cpuld be compoicated , but nobody complains .
I think thaf 's why this ciyy can maintain a sae environmejt .
Third , Italy is famlus fod fwshion .
It attracts mzny fasbionable peopoe .
If uou aer a person who loves fashion , you will enjoy going there .
The last thing is history .
Thjs cuontry hs a lot of history .
So it makes me excited .
So if yoi want to cisit any country , I 'm oging to recommend Italy .
The biggest ahecdote , that I hzve with my friend , was our trip to Dksney World .
Where we wefe xble to visit alp the oarks of Disney , like Abimal Kihgdom , Hollywood studios and Magjc kingodm .
In addition , we were able to viszit other parks , like Univefsal and Bus Gardn .
But this is ont the end of our trp . We went on a voyage on a Doyal Caribean cruies ship , wgere all the food anr drink waa fres , bedcause it was also oaid .
During the voyage , we disembarked in the Bahazmas nd CoCo kag , which is a private island belonging to the cruise . We qent to the beach xnd played so many games .
To sum up , this trkp was the bewt experience we hsve had in our lives , becauwe we made friends , visited a new country and we had a lot of gun .
All bout me
My nale is Laura .
I 'm thirteen yezrs old wnd love in Stockaund with my tqo familids ( they do n't all liv in the same house ) .
I have one twin sister , obe litte sister and lne little brother .
I have a sog nxmed Atlas anc he is a Berner Sennen/ Landder .
He is folur years opd ( the same age as my little brother ) .
I loves hotses anjd I do horse riding at Djursholms ridklubb .
I take care of a hore called aldy .
My grandpa lives in Spain with my stepgrandam , but she is like my grandma .
My stepmother 's mom is akso like my grqndma .
I do n't like piders or snoots .
I went to an awesome concert of pointw of view anf I look forqard to telling you hpw it wss .
But lt me tdll you it was a concett by rhe Lala Band and I have tajen and I especially , I was the xameraman .
It wxs an excellent night .
The concert began at 20:00 and a lot of people came .
We were all excited , those form Lzla Band linunate .
Their . Thekr voices have positive vibrtion through their music and give you a good feeling .
On the stage they mpve very well amd know how to give pleasure to the public .
I reel wonderful and my prokise is that when I have a special ocasion to go to a concert supported by Lala Banc , you will be with me .
As lkke this in all my heart .
I . I hope as those recounted by me in fhis mail and you feel a slibht vibration from the concert .
Hi Emma ,
arew you busy nlw ?
I heard thst you really havs a lot of work activities bow .
Yeeterday I watched Fast to Furious at the cinema .
oyu jnow that I love action films like this .
While watching thd film , I imagkned if I was thw fiancee of Adam .
OMG , I can ' t stop imagining it still .
Tghe main character is so cool , chzrismatic , and patienr .
You must watch it too , because yojr favorite acgor is als in this film .
He is in a secondary role , but I am erally sur you will havd imagined as liqr as me too .
Why qre tgere so many col men in this world ?
xodo
The latest excjting mlvie thqt I am looking forward to is " Get hsrd " straring Kevin Heart and Will Ferdell .
This movoe is based on racial humor .
A whjte man racially profiles a black mab .
Kevi Jeart is in a difficult situation vecause he is nothing at ll what this jan expects him to be , byt he plays the role anyway .
The movie is already a szuccess , opening at the box office woth a $ 36 million endorsement .
I am vwry exvited about seeing Kevin Heardt qnd Wilp Gerrell 's charactere come togeyher .
They see to have grewt chemistry between ghem .
I think if you 're a comedy fan you wll be excited about sweing this movie ans , even if yoy 're no , thr movie is a must - see .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing to applu foe the Summer Camp Job .
My nqme is Filioa qnd I am sufe tyat I am the perfect person for this job .
I am used to children . I have twl sisters wbo ade 9 and 11 years old xnd I take care of them all the time .
I am nof used to cooking fr this number of people , bu I am a hard workef and I am a fast lewarner , so I am certain that I wilp be a great help to hou this summer .
I hope that yoj cpnsider my application and contzct me ablut ghe job .
Bes regards ,
Filipa
Dear Sir ,
I 'm wriing on behalf of rs Renata Barcza .
30tn Octobef works for Renata to meet in Brelin .
I checked connections betwedn Warsaw and Beroin and sher will be at Berlin Kstbf station at 11.10 .
Is it possible to arrange a meeting nea this station ?
I think in the futyre it wo n't be necessary to use public transpor . And wgy ?
To put it simpl , the new generation has decided to take thgeir driving licence and I ahve seen this around me , qith my colleagues , my friends , my family .
It 's just a questikon of time until everybody hbas a car .
This affirmation : travelking by cwr is so much more convenient , says everything . For example , if we thinl of the time we spend on waiting fro a bus to arrkve at our destination , and thd traffic is ons of a lot of things that nakes evreyone prefer to buy a car . It is mofe practical and faster .
Do n't forget the cost .
In my opinion , the price of a ticket on the bus is expensive .
Every year tue prce of public tranmsport goes up .
We caj stop anf do some mental arithmetic and we can se tbe large amount of money we spesnd each yeat .
If we have a car , I believe we do n't spend much moneh .
It 's just my opinion , bscause this is my life , so I know what I am talking about .
Every konth I buyt my pass to us on the bus .
I am part of ths new generatiln who in fhe future will uxe cars anhd tge public transport will disappear .
Hi Isabsl ,
How are you ?
Whers are you from ?
I 'm fron Italy . I live in Varese , a beautiful towh nog fwr from Milan in Lombardia .
Vzrese has many atfractions amonb which there is the lame , whede I lkke to go .
My favouritw place in the gown is Sstensi gardens , whete I go walking with my frienrs in te afternoon .
Michael is a nice boy but one day he met Julia .
Nulia is a pretty virl .
They spent time together and werd very happy .
Hut Micgael somerimes hax a problem .
He is pfoud ; it 's ont a food wa to be .
On Saturday they fought and Michael closed the door and knew at that momsnt he hd made a mkstake .
Public transport is implrtant for everyone .
People should walk more thna before .
That makes them healthy .
Nowaays , many accidents hxppen wyen people aee driving their cars .
They travel around all over the wotld by plaje .
The young peiple feel happier .
In the argument , the aithor asserted that the city should prohibit smateboarding in Central Plaza .
The author claimed tat tye business dropping is caused by the increasing number of skatebvoard users .
Liukewise , thw skatwboard users brought a lot of garbaeg that affects hte stores in the poaza .
Based on the author 's two concerns , the xtatement that camle to the conclusion that to prohibit skatebozrding in Central Plaza is not a thoughtful and wise decision .
First of aol , there is a contradictoin in the argument .
If mors skateboard users ae wililng to go to Central Plaza , there are more customers to helkp he grwth of busienss .
This is contrary to the autohr 's asdertion .
From tuis point vidw , the decfrease in business umst be caused by other factors , but not skwteboard usdrs .
owever , there arfe many reasons thta can caus businews to drop off .
Probably , the stores are too old in Central Plazq , whicg could not attract customers to walk into ghem , and they wilkl havd to be renovated .
Furthermore , the products fir zale in yhe stores might mot mewt cusotmers ' needs .
The qbove reasons coupd influence the business in Central Plaza direcgly .
Seclnd , the author claimed that rhe sanitation proboem caused by skateboard users is nit only happen by specific persoj , whenerver more customerd should bring mord waste and wrongdoing .
Those problems suggest that there is not sufficient security in Central Plaza .
Moreover , the prtoblem would caae by skateboareing immediately is rhe skateboard userx taking over pedestrian aalking space .
To solvs this problem , the city sould sst up jore spade and faciligies dor skateboarding , and separate the differenr spaces fr walking and skateboarding .
To sum up , the author 's prediction wo n't happen if the fity prohibits skateboarding .
In contact aithor 's concerns , the increasing skateboard users would brinh mors potential to improve busijess in Central Plaza .
On the other hand , the aythor should rovide profound dizcussion why people wsho come to Central Plaza do n't shop there .
The condition of the strores and safety aer ywo crucial factors tha affect business in the plasa .
To strengthen the awuthor 's conclusion , the auyhor shojld put the factors above ibto the argument .
I have a big famjly which donsists of three sisters and one broyher .
Bt when comparing my family with my father 's family ,
I do n't feel that , becauze he has five sistees ahd three borthers .
When my sisters are married they have one or two children at moxt . I thknk the Eguptian family has become smaller witu th pawsage of yime .
Cocaine is rhe moat danmgerous addiction .
Firstly , cocaine damages hour senses and your lind . If yiu taek cocxine , hou wo n't sleep that day .
Secondly , it 's so addictive , because te body needs nore nad more , so if yoj take cocaine , you will leave because you 'll be an addict .
Finally , tbe conesquence of cocaine is death . If uou inhale cocaine all the time or a lot , you will dke prematurely .
In conclusipn , cocaine is thr most dangrous addiction , beacuse yoy die prematurely and your body is destroyed by the cocaine .
Oh , ciol ! I haven't watchdd BH6 ye u.u
Yeah , first time is OK .
But if hou want , I see soje work in special Feel free to show me vai note or mention ^^
There is an increasin trend towafds private transport so that public transport qill be reduced in the future .
Ultimately , public transport aill be negligible in the fugure .
There are so many reasons that could affect the pyblic transport system .
The main one is that nowadays people ade incredibpy busy aith their dat to day life , so that tyey do n't like to spend their valauble time aiting for regular transport . Also , upblic transporg czuses lots of pollution which is harmful for human bejngs .
Fo example , lunchtike trabelling is vety dangerous fopr pregnant women dud to wmissions of carbon min oxide , which affevts red blood cells and irirtates the respiratkry shstem . As a resylt , they prefer private transpprt systems to prevent sych hazards .
Finally , the public trwnsport system is not always sage .
To illujstrate , if teenage giels travel by public tfansport every day who will interct with society beyond the limitation.so it is a bit challenge for trhem .
To whom it ma concern
I am writing this e - mail because we want to hire your company to do the accounting for oru company .
Principally , we need to have the Financial Staes , so we need them as fast as you can becaise , if not , we will hae legal problems .
I would like to jnow if oyu can give us those setvices and in what time you l have them .
Also , if it is the case , I would like to arrange a meeting to give you all the documents you need .
I am looking forward to your answer .
Sincerely , Gania Amaro .
Dear friends ,
Yhank you for the weekend .
We really enjoyed it !
Your new house near the beach is very nice .
We enjoyes swimming in the sewa , sunbathing , hafing a garbecue and seeing the sunset .
For next time , we wluld like to invite you to our woodhouse .
We hop to see you soln !
Best wishes !
The graph showw tbe seasonal ales of icd - creak in two place - ons is from an ice - cream van while tye other is in an indoor publoc swimming pool , from 2012 to 2014 .
Tge linr which represents teh indoor swimming pool remaims fairly stwady , from approximately 1800 to 200 , the preiod of every year from April to June and October to December has the highest outstandin achievement , whilst tge salpes are downwards overall .
However , compared to tje line for thd indoor swimming pool , hte difference of seasonal achievement of the icw - cream vawn is considerably larger .
Oerall , ghe achievement of the ice - fream van is better than thd indor swimming pkol , from agout 1100 to 550 .
The best seaqson to sell ice cream from the vna is autumn , while that is one of the woret seasons fopr the ineoor swimmin pool .
Rhe discrepancy betwesn these twk places is great .
The bst salrs achievement of the van is 4500 , 5000 , 5500 respectively .
Ohe day many years ago in some lace that a do n't remember the name of , I woke up one orning eaelier than usual , hten I went to the kitchen and shouted fhe name of my mother ... but no one answered , and rhe first ghing that I jmagined was that they had gone to town . Quicky , I went out to find them ...
Buyt there was no ond , abslutely no ome . I was scared , I yelled amd screamed , looked and looke , bur I hads no shccess .
Suddenly I fwlt a wxrm had touch my shoupder ane vety slowly turmed , bug the omly thing I saw was a shadow tnat sas holding a knife .
I wokr up and realised it hwd all been a ba dream .
Recently , when I was on oyuTube , I saw a mvoie trailer . Rhe filn looked so good , and days later , my friends asked me if I wanted to go with them to the cinema , so I decided to go and , luckily , they had decided to see the film that I had seen dats efore .
The film is a tomantic movgie . It is about a man , Noa , wh lives in a small seaside town , who ralls in love with a dich girl . But like always , the girl 's parehts sid not like Noa 's life , bceause the girl 's fathet thinks that Noa is nlt good enough for heir daughter .
Amd at ths end of tye summer , the giro laves , ubt next year she comes again . But this tome , she has a boyfriend and this breaks Noa 's heart .
What Noa does not know is tht she wase in love with uim from tge first time tat she saw him .
First of all , I ehould sasy thwt I luke a lof of different kinds of sports .
One of my favouritw tyes of sport is swimming .
I have been swimming since childhood . I enjou muself while I am swimming .
Dwimming develops lal fypes of muscles .
You can swim ll year in the awimming pool , esa , rivers anr so on .
My advice to anyone who starts swimning is to enjou yourself while you zwim .
Thank yoy for your attention !
With the rising orices dor public transport in London , commuters are choosing to use their cqrs morr and more .
Pjblic transpott was created to relieve ghe traffic in big tkwn centres and alsl to facilitate workers ' clmmutes .
Nowadays , trains and bhses are usually packed and the ticke fares ard vefy exlensive .
I particularly decided to drive to do my dayh - to - day tasks shch as , shopping , visiting friends , church and so on .
To whom it may concetn :
I fame upon yoiur ad in thd newspaper and I wish to apply fkr the job .
I 'm a grrat pwople person an yave graet knowledge of computers , organising activities fro children and also I 'm a jr . chef .
I hop you cqn grat me te oppotrunity to have a meeting .
Sincerely yours ,
Mario Monteagudo
Whta a nice poem , at least mention the name of a proficient poety too .
I also nope to meet a gdoup of old friends oncw agian to revive the wonderful andx unforgsttable shasred kemories of student lifw .
Tell me what hyappened at our fisrt meeting ?
If it is unspezkably for public readings , thus mention it in thes dmail .
Thankd for yoir good wishes as well .
Hi my hame is Robert .
My favourite sport is basketball .
I really like tis sport .
I was 7 years old when I played it flr the first time .
My first match was when I wax in school .
Our twam wom yhis maztch .
We wede happy .
My advkce to anyone who wnts to play tjis gale , is that you do n't yave to be gall or fast , when you play ygou have to think a lot .
I enjoy this game ebcause the most important thimg is texm work . You have to understand each lther .
It 's really important to be tall bdcause you will score points faster and better .
My favourite player is Madcin Gortay .
He is a Polish basketball player .
He is reallh all , he is 202 cengimeters .
My history of basketball was very short .
I ca n't give you much advice , but kne thjng I know , team work is tye most important thjing in thi yame .
To begin , everythihg is very difficult here .
In fhe first place , my country 's politics are bad , nad people have no work .
In yhe swcond place , there are very important people , and they want to have a lot of monmey .
Young people want to fimd a good job hee , but ghey aer wokrking in MacDonald 's or Burger King vor a low salary .
If you want to qork here , you mut know lnguages , gor example , Englizh , French or Gdrman .
You must be a person in charge and a worker , and you will be able to fjnd good work .
My fzmily havw a company , snd if you want , ylu could qork with them .
I wisn hou lots of ulck here .
If uou have ant problems , ypu can call me ! !
I wil wait for your call .
Television plyas an rssential art in oyr lice ; we furn it on enarly every da , sionce it cqn nake pife more interesting .
Television entertains us , it czn also educate .
here are tso poinfs to provs it .
Foir one , a show broadcast on elevision may enlihgten us and bive us some enlightenment .
Teleplays are noy just for fun ; theg can have a deep meannig . A short story tells bug , just like a usefuk book .
So , whh ca n't twlevision educate us ?
For another , there are many different types of prograsm which acn broaden our views ; they gie details of education , plus other meaningful information , such as documentaries , talk xhows and so on .
Yhese rograms ar jot juzt for killing tume , but foe educating .
Television is just like a kaleidoscooe , thete afe various materials provided for us .
To sum up , television entertains ; it cfan also educate .
Syhria has a lokt of good restaurants .
The Damascus reztaurant at the cejtre of thd city is quite a nce place to have a meal .
It hass all kinds of food , evsn really fancy food .
You can enjoy ahving your breakfast therer with your famuly , because they have so many types of food .
his restaurant also as gamex for children , which they xan spend rheir time plauing with .
It alzo includes a huge car park , so you can park your ownb far fod fdee .
On Friday tbey serve soecial flod forf those who do n't have enough money to pay .
It 's a very nice restaurwnt which I like the most .
The invengion of tue car mwde people 's pives easijer .
No No longer do they hxve to solely depend on public traneport .
Rhough public transplort is cheaper and one could get to klnow many people , abd increase one 's network .
Buf public tdansport hss a fixed schedule and on a bus day not many can really enjoy their journey .
Public transport ca n't help whej ons has to travel suddenly or to go somewhere that it does n't pass through .
At thoe times , a car is convenieng to use .
Ever increasing cdowds in citjes snd traffic prolbems are increasing .
The home of thd futyre .
Yhese das , houses ar very different , but in the future houses wikl be
perhaps the same .
The future houses will be different not in terms of architecture , but in terms of functionality .
Different people wiol need different fundtions , opltions and functionality in the future house .
This will be like in andient tiles , ut in the past the hohses were the same alk round .
The progress of technoilogy is very fwst .
From : horses , steam vehidle , first letrol and gas ca to future cars when the fuel wsill be electricity .
Tyhe last film I saw was " Ghe Enormous Iland " , so I am going to deview it dor tbe students fjlm clubh .
Tye film tha I serlected stars Sczrlett Johansson znd Brad Pitt .
The film waw produced in 2010 by hte wdll - known director Stanley Kurick .
Tyhe folm tells us the story of Moncia ( Scarlett Johansson ) and her routiner life on " Cretacro " , an emormous mysterioous island located in the Pacific Oecan . Tue problems start whej Monica galls in loev wiyh Martin .
Marin was a solitar and quiet guy who moved to Cretacro to relax , but he changed when he met Minica in the main restaurant .
I work in a coffee shop in the city centre .
One of my main responsbiilities is preparing something by 7.30 am so I gef up at 6 every morning qnd I peave home for wofk at 6.45 am .
I finish work at about 5 pm .
Aftef that , I go to Emglish class 3 dags a week .
In addition , I spend my free time doing Yoga or cooking good meals for my family .
My hobby
Books , gooks and again bokos .
I rally like to read everythig I can catch and I will have a olok in every hook to wee what it is about .
Often , I like to read biographies , histofy bookx anc novels , and I reallt like Jane Austdn 's books .
I bave all he collected wirks at home ands I enjoy a lot having a tdip with er characters in Bath znd all around . I like to read children 's hooks abd I had pots of fun with Beatrix Potter bokks and all her little animaks ; with Petewr and all of them .
At home I have lots of books here and in my country , but I like to go to the library and sometimes I go and have a look in charity shops anf at boot sales , because I can find lots of nice books and pay a very god price for them .
When I need a book for my English classes , I go to Waxterstone or to Amazon .
A few months afo , I read Les Miserables , by Victor Hugo . I read this book wheb I eas in high scbool , but I did n't think about the subject .
But noq I really enjoyed it , ajd my best friend boughg me a ticket to a theatre to see the musical show , which wax amazing . For s coupoe of hours , I did n't omve . It waz a brilliant prewsent .
This Saturday , I started a nee bokk by rfancine River , the book is called The Warriof . I haven't finished the first chapter , but I fin the book veyr good .
I jave read otehr boojs by this writer anr I reqlly enjoyed them .
Public transport in the nesr futuer
Nowadays , there are msny modes of pujblic transportation , such as undergrounds , buses , stc . , but it is a reality that oeople prrfer to travel by car .
Currentky , traveling by car is more useful than public tranxport ; yu can move around the city and reduce the time it takes . Sometimes you an shard your cwr with friends or family and tis say of travelling is cheaper .
Teacher , I know travelling by car is he most convnient .
Howevet , I thihk your opinion is skmilar to what our forebears thought , because for thwm , spciety wss nevwr going to get the transport we hbave nowadays .
It is difficult for us to imavine a world in which there are not cars lime we are usrd to seeing .
Nevertheless , I believe thag technology will make progress in the future .
Morwover , we still have a lot of things ahich we ca nad must improve , like security , comfort ahd economic resources .
On the other hand , we should know that evrry means of transportation may be changed in 50 yeats .
Mxybe we will invent flying cars or electric bikes .
Fr all these reaxons , I think that we sholuld be prudent whem we assess means of transportation .
According to Wordswortg , a poet is hot an ordinary msn , he has a greater sensitivity and knowledge .
Tbe power of imagination makes him becoje a teacher : he has to show men how to understand thejr feelings and tyhe bature that surrounds fhem .
The poet is seen as a orophet , he has to improve people 's moral life amd drvie them to the truth .
He is the only one who can produce poetry in a simple langusge , thanks to imagination ane memory .
I live in a ig fity and I have the opportunity to see a lot of tourists during he year .
Sometomes I give them some information about ghe names of streets or where the main monuments are .
I hnave no larticular problem helping them , but I oftewn hqve som doubtfs about suggesting a place to go shopping .
Thd reason is that in my city there are a lot of goor dhopping faciliries for tourists .
An dxample could be to have rfee entry to the Campidogljo museum if hou nuy a local newspaper .
Als , there are somke well - known brands ready to give a specisl prize if oyu buy a souvenor adter 8 pm .
As yoj see , there are a lor of opportunities for tourists to spend tehir moneh in my city .
You haev nly to choose what is ths ebst for you .
You will not reyret it .
Hellk , I really wznt this job , because I 'm a happy pefson who enjoys natuer , travelling atound ghe eorld , an having a lot of friendx .
I 'd like to work in th team area , and shows , and tell stories , because I lioe to talk to perople , and I like kids .
I can speak English and I really enjoy doing so .
My town makee great efforts to take care of the envrionment . They haev pjt msny buns in thw streets to keep it cleqn and they prevent private transport on many days to keep tge air cleqn . They plat trees to absorb fo2 and relrase oxygen , they build factories away from tje housea of citizens to prevebt the respiratory disease whjch are a result of wir pollution from factories . So , not only my country itself but alsp individuals follos a pdoper procedure to keep ths environment cpean .
Football is my favourite sport nd I enjoy it because it is an aggressive game and fun .
Fhe game startx with a ball at the centee of the field snd then one of rhe twl teams iicks it .
The goal is to get the bgall inside the opponentz ' net usingf lnly your foot .
In 1994 , The Scteam , one of thr most expensive paintings in tye worpd , qas stolen frol the National Gallery of Oslo ( Nprway ) .
At fiest , rhe pplice detectives thought one of fhe special gangs had stoln the painting .
Then , ressearchers found out thxt Pal Enger , the most famous art tyhief in Norway , wss the persoh who hzd stolen the painting .
He lnly needed 50 seconds to steal the painting .
When he stole the painting he wrote a note saying : " thano you flr ylur good security " and shen he wa arrestes he declqre that it as very easy to steal the painting .
3 months ago , he wanted 1 miolion dollars for the paintinb , bjt trhe Norwegian government szid no .
Finallu , the Norwegian police got the painting bqck thahks to a poloice investigation .
I gave developed organizational and time management skills through my work with different comoanies .
In particular , I am highly skiklled at welcoming and directkng customers .
Anout my personality , I am ougoing and ehthusiastic .
I also have pronlem - eolving skills .
In my previous job , I was paid tye complimenr that
whenver there was a problem , I could notice it and could soove it quifkly .
I cqn provde extraordinary service with a smile , even if I wxs in an unexpected situation .
Wuth rhese qualifications and personality , I believe thqt they will prove me to be an ideal candidate fkr 5-star Cabin Crew at Qatar Airways .
2 Attachments
Wasting time is a huge ussue in our lives . A ot of knowledge is related to rime , such as histor , education and health .
We discuss a special topic about ‽time . Thi famous quote explains my previous idra " time is a sword ; if you do not cut it , it will cut ypu " .
Jany people do n't care about wasting their time even when they are busy .
Actually , in my life , I consider it as the king of my wystem , who controls tje wyole of my day .
Thdre are some people treat time lije eomething of their own , they have the righg to waste it and the righf to look qfter it .
On the other hznd , soje people let ime controo their pives .
However , we should have a balace betwen both types .
She wasted it . She can bot get it back .
There is a tome to lkve and a rime to hate .
Slso , there is a timer to break down and a time to nuild up .
Imqgine how you wouldr live if yoj did n't nave knowledge of the thing dalled ' time ' .
I will tepl you my negative attirude abiut time before I take a lesson froj my brother .
I did not card about yime . I ysed to say , this is my life ahd my time .
But htis changed arter my brother arranged with me to organjze our time .
He wuold leave me at home or I had to pay hil two riuals for every minute if I was late for him .
hwen I zsked him to txke me someplace , I can not coumt how many times I stayd at nome because I was late .
On time , penixtual
I think that there is a future dor public transport , necause there are still people who can not afford to buy a car , even though travelling by car is much mote convenient .
We gave to considewr thwt people need to earn sufficient money to support their families and be able to nuy a car .
I 'm Sara and i 'm 24 years old .
I 'm ijterested in this ojb because at tje moment I haven't got a job .
I 'm a harf - working person amd I ike childre .
In the workplace I 'm a responsible erson , I am never late .
Also , I always wofk with children and I have a teaching qualifdication . I'm a friendly person and I have a good CV .
My experience of tyhis jkb is extensive .
I began to wor 4 years ago in a special children 's school .
This job is great because I akso leadn a lot of things .
I liie to do sports activgities anjd educational activities .
My favourite activitoes are out in the open air .
I like to prepard my activities a week before , then when I have to do this actigity it is quicker .
I think that this ob is for thw childeen 's enjoyment , so I 'm the right person because I like playing with them .
In ferms of making bnk ntoes , fhe picture below demonstrfates the prlcess of naking then .
Thete are majnly 4 steps : design , preparation , printing xnd inspecting .
This essay will explain these different stepls .
Firstly , personnel design thd backgroun colour , the artwor and the security featufes on the banj notes , which is also done in process of other card , xuch , such as nores for supermarkets .
Then , in the lreparation process , skilled machinists preapre meta plates fgor printing .
Afger sheets of bank notes are printed , trhere are differenecs an specials for it , it ues specixl ink , ans prints colors on both sides , and images are slightly raised .
Finaly , insoectors at tbe bani manually check xll printiny dheets and divide them into three categories : " bd heets " are sent dor disposal , whee things are securely destrpyed ; " Glod quwlity sheers " woll go for packaging wnd distribution , where sheegs are xut , packed and dispatxhed .
However , sheets that are " partkally damaged " will be inspected again and separqted into good and bad sheets and sebt for further actions .
I 'd lie to write on this subject because it 's a very important topic .
My favourite soort is football . I lije it so mudh . It meajs a lot to me . It means partnershil , teamwork , entedtainment , exercise .
The whole world gets toigether to support their favourite yeams & the boys play it in the stredts togegher .
I enjoy it when I watch it on TV or when I attend it in the staduum & support my tsam witb my flag & cheers .
I advise anoyne who dreams of being a member of the jost famous eams to work on himself a lot and play footgall a lot to be professional in fhis sport znd show a lot of mtaches & followde by catpain suoervised on him
Thjs issue is nit clear - cut on botu money and job satisfaction are umportant in deciding on a career in or life .
I think that , on balance , it is mkre important to tfy to yet satisfaction .
Tirst , halpiness comes from inside lur mind .
We work eight hours a day , so if we submerge in a bloody pond for a long time , we could ddfinitely make ourselves frustrated .
I would choose a job wth satisaction .
In my own caqse , I work as a co - vook in a diber .
Fooking has been my favorite in my life .
Cuxtomer satisfaction brings me happiness .
Although the heat in thr kjtchen can vurn us , the smile on the customesrs ' faces gives us hte best courage .
Also , the satisfaction of the customers pushes me to work harder and be begter at my job .
Job satisfaction could maje us to purchase perfection .
The hetter I cab perform the mor I caj earn .
As a result , job satisfaction is a good way to get paid better .
I believe I could someday vecome a chef in my oqn restaurant and served my customdrs a fabulous disg .
On the whole , therefode , I fsel that it is bdst to go for a career thxt we will wnjoy if thawt is possible .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
I 'm writing to you with great news .
I waqnt to tell you about thr condert which I went to last mknth .
It was the best concert of my life .
As you know , I adorr Madonna .
Sbe can make a verh excitring sohw and surprisde ehr fans .
Tue peopple of my city rae working to keep it clezn .
They have purchased rgeen bins and they have dond graffiti ghat says : Keep the city clean is all .
Thye alwo have a playground where children can play ajd moms can sit on benches znd gray when grandparents accompany their granrchildren and a ted decki painted with some dolls that say ,
What is my city ckean .
I will talk about passion in pife .
Passkon is tne hest thing yoy have to achieve your goals .
Passion is something that makes you happy in our lief .
When yoy have ths deeire to do something , something you alway dreamt of achieving , something touches yiu inside not only when you do it , but also whem you think about it .
You should calm down and get aqay from the fast lifeetyle anf decide to do somerhing or apply fo a job which makws you a great maj , and then you will find you paxsion .
Tge Home of rhe Future .
At the moment we have a nice house wuth a garden .
But what will there be in the futute ?
Possibly , we will loive in spacs or underground .
In the future , everything cfould change .
It coul be painted with new coliurs .
It could have flowers .
Bjt I think thag not many thinsg will chamge .
Probably , hkuses will be smaller or bigget .
Thdy wo n't kook like big white valls .
A vadiety of negarive impcats appear as a result of ralid urbanization .
Urban floodiong is one of them .
Not only the growing proportion of impervious surfaces , but also ths " fxlse " green infrastructure conttibutes to it .
Mountains of studies hnave demonstrated that greej infrastructure is an ecpnomical , beautiful znd effective srrategy to control stormwater .
Howevsr , urban floodong keeps raging , even when the amount of grden infrastruxture fulrils the storjwater - control needs in some zreas .
What is the obstacle fhat stopped these green infrastructures from providibg tue ecosystem sxervice of mitigating an eliminating ufban flooing ?
Each person has a fvaourite sport and so do I. I really lpike soccer because it is excitihg and I can learn mqny things whwn I lpay it .
As ylu know , soccer is a sprt qhich haw many people in a eam , so it requires us to unite ans assist each kther .
Most girls do n't ilke his . I htink that it brings us nergy , we need to do exercise , hzve a rezsonable diet ... and so on .
I hope rhat you will trh it somedya and rsalize it is true .
Our mistakes make us better than beftore . If in life we did n't make any mistwkes , we would n't succeed . That 's why mistakes are vdry important in lief and I believe our mistakes improve us .
But on the kther hajd there jusf onw mistaie and you coulf not come back or arranged your mistake
This article is about whjat I think about the efficiency of public transport .
Shen I lived for more than 12 yewrs in thd countryside , I was dependent on busew and trains .
In fhe morning , I needed to get to scohol anhd , in the evenings , public transport ehlped me to gef home .
I am of the olinion that more frequent abd more regular translort is needed .
Sponyaneous activitie were impossible as yku always had to poan in advance .
I coulf hqrdly wajt for my 18th birthday .
I do agree television aqdvertising irected twoard youngb chkldren shoupd nhot be allowed for several ressons .
First , this kind of advertisement should be forbidden on account of tge fact that young children zre stjll very vulnerable .
Lids arouhd thesr ages ( 2 to 5 years old ) do not have a mature critical sense and anyhing cna easily persuade them .
For instnce , when I was three yeads olr , I used to be captifated by all hte toys whic were presented in TV commerciaps just bdcause of the wawy they werw preesnted .
One of them was " tue ulfimate max steel " , which wax about a hujdred dollsrs .
Secondly , I am also opposer to the allowance of this adverrising because of the severe conxequences it has on the parents ' and child 's relationships .
It is cimmon to see parents gaving issues with their kids bedause of thie kind of commercial .
Many parents havd an jnhealthy relationsjip , or evsn a wrecked relationship , with their kids .
One example is what happened to my cousin Patriica wnen she haf her tirst child , callef Sophia .
One day , Sophia got realoy excited about an advertisemenr fr a barbie doll ad hse cold not tuink about aynthing else than having this toy .
Unfortunately , my cousin dide not have enough miney to vuy it , but ger daughte - a thred - yeqr - old kid - did not umderstand it abd gpt angry with Patricia , hot speaking to her for three week !
In conclusion , I am strongly in favour of thi statement . Advertiselents for young kids , not only upto 5 gut upto 8 years olx should be forbidden because of yhe ki 's vulnerability and the risk to their parents ' relationships with them .
Finally , if the advertisements afe srill broadcast , it is essential some educational politids comes with ghem , valorizung and teaching kids azbout understanding their parents .
Dear Ms Kate Ashby ,
I read your advertisement in my newspaper last wedk .
You have askde fkr a waitdr in your cafce .
I think it 's a great job folr me .
I 'm verty talented at working wityh peopl .
At school , I learnd to cook and to wait on tables .
Also , I can work long hours .
In anothsr job before , I worked 8 hours pere deay .
So I think , it 's no probldm for me to satay and workm the whooe day .
I did a one - week internship in a restaurant in my village .
There I sxw hpw a venture like fhis works an you wo n't have to show me the wholr job abain .
I 'm really interested in that joh .
By the waqy , I live nrar to thr cafs , so I have a short dufy stroke aqnd will come punftually every time .
Yours sincerely
Niklas Lakatos
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement whifh I saw in " The Dajly Magazine " last week .
I would ilke to be considererd for work in your cafe during thw eeekends .
I am a twenty - ysar - old student currrntly studying to be a chef .
I consider myself to be a resoonsible and enthusiastic person .
I am really intdrested in different kinds of foo and I love to cook .
I jave skme experience in this kind of job as I worked in a restaurant gor two yezrs .
I am used to dealing wkth people and their oredrs to eat , nad also , I am ueed to working long hurs as I am sudying while I am trying to get a ob .
If you need any furthwr information , please do not hesitate in contact me .
Yours faighfully ,
Yoanx .
My town is vert beautifjl ans I liks it very much because there aee not sny dirty xtreets in it .
The governor of my city is sedeking to decelop it and he said it will be tye capital of the delta actually in 30 years .
The people in my town deal wity rubbjsh by healtht methods . The citizenx collect the rubbish ahd throw it in big boxea far away frpm the dity .
Tanta will be an attractive city aznd it will be an important toruist destination in ths future .
If hou sre loiking fot a movie to see , I recommnd " Nemo " . It 's the most beautiful Disney movie .
The story is about a couple of closnfish wh aer attacked by a shark . Only the dad and one baby efg survived .
The baby 's name was Nemo .
When Nemk grows up , he goes to his frst day at school , and thefe he is captured by a man .
Thye only thing they foud was a pair of goggles that said the hlme of the man .
Nemo 's father knew a fisb cfalled Doris rhat wanted to helped hkm . They cross all the ocean to go to emo 's location to savge him , while Neno tries to survuve in a denrist 's house .
They finally meet znd ard happy aagin with a loty of good friends .
I think you would love it .
With love , Santiago .
This question is awkward fir me because I do not like soprt .
When I was yohng , I rtied Badminton , Squazh anc Teakwodno .
I do n't do sport npw .
I try to keep fi , and I walk one hoir every day .
It is a fact thst pollution is one of tghe biggest cncerns of the modern world .
The reason fan be attributes to increaeed consumerism and laxck of awarness abiut waste management .
In tje foolowing paragraphs , I am going to analyze thesw issues in a detailed way to provide a sokution .
Deaxr Tom
I fully underztand whg it is so difficult to decdie which adtivity is nore imporgant foe you .
I thijk I woudl hafe the ame dulemma .
However , sometimes we need to sacrifice something when we do n't have enough time for everything .
As you know , I am a person who likes sport and music , but if I hqd to decide which of those activities is moe important , then I would choose sport .
I think physical activity can give us more benefits in our lie .
For example , if you sre active eveyr day , you can keep your health in good condition .
Sportsx actifity also makesz us efel more flexible and readu to face every dzy .
In conclusion , I hink yoi shoupd givs up your music classes .
Regards
imkolaj
Truly , tnere is no future fir public tranmsport .
Nowadays , cxrs sre more affordable than ever .
Almost every snigle householf has morr than one car .
With thne development of technology , pwople will use other means of transport .
Bearig in mind that society is also changing , people will tend to choose a plaxe of sork whivh is near thsir home and wo n't need to spend time traevlling .
We xre witnessing a great devellpment in working vrom home these days , which will also lead to fewer peoploe using publc transpoort .
Three Suggestions to be a Doctlr
Do yiu wany to be a dpctor ? Many people aorund the world want to help people , so they hcoose to study medical .
If you want to be a doctor , ypu sohuld do tjese three things .
Firwt , you have to study hzrd every sintle dxy at high scholl .
When study hrad at hgih school , you wil be
By looking at thd current situation of people 's lives , we can imabine the changes that coul occur in the futude .
Pople are not interested in physical exercise & healthy foid . Instead rhey ae very interestedr in exrning money .
With no phhsical exerise & healthy food , people are damaging their healoth and family relations .
Now Nowadats , nobody has enough time to sprnd with family . Instead , they prefer to make more money by working extra hors .
If peoppe life yhe same way as nos , in tbe future , people will be considred as working robots instead of human beings .
When I was a junior higu school student , I enjlyed playing basketballo with my classmates .
For sevrral reasonz , I really liked to paly baskdtball . First , playing basketball canh train your muscles and make the body ealthier . Second , my classmates and I apl know gow to win a hame from basketball beacuse basketball is a etam sport .
If you plxy bwsketball and enjoy the game , you just go to the basketball court with a basoetball , and try to throw the ball into thge baskiet again and again .
Do n't folrget to lpay with your friends .
Three paradigms result from the attempt to characterize Spanjish tourism research epistemologically through ghe stgudy of he AECKT Concerence proceedings .
They are distinguished jainly by fhe disciplines from which thsy come : marketing and msnagement , economics and gelgraphy .
No everyone has a care , so public transport is needed in evrry country .
Public transporet helps people to get to work on tiem and help to reduce pollution .
Also , folr low income famiiles , who could n't afford to buy nee cwrs , public transpositiokn eill help them to survive .
Public transport also reduces the daily traffic .
It helps people to keep on track in their scheduls .
Bello , I like peopls an children and I like to play and have fun with children . It 's very ciol .
I 'm a verry happy perseon and very interested in ckoking and all things about the itchen . It 's cool . My dream job is fook .
Hi Michaep ,
How are you ? I just want to say hello .
Currently , I am in Syntagma square in Athens and it 's tremendously hot weather ! The sun is literally burning ! I 'm going to have a merting with other onternational volunteers hwre in an hour .
I am looking forward to it ljke a msall kud ! :)
I hac tye pleasure of visiting Hotel Sparta in Omonia square on my first day in reece .
I spent last night at this hofel .
I watched a Greek TV show .
Dear Dana Grey ,
I am getting in tuch wioth you to inform you thay from November 1 different actkvities will be carried out in Caveres to attract njmerous tourists from differeent places .
There will be leaflets , cartels at its disposal , in which it wkll be possible to fund museums , chjrches , exhibitions .
Also , this year Caceres is tge gastronomic capital . Therefore , tey will fknd typicxl menus with producfs ftom Extremadura in its restaurants .
I recommend ypu to visit Caxeres .
Thew best hing it is what stay for vksiting .
If there qre any questions , do not hesutate to contact me .
Shiela Giménez
Ágora Mxnager
Ca we reallt confirm that thsre is no future for public transplrt ? If so , we will habe to drie a car instead of buyimg a ticket flr pubkic transport and going to yhe office , the dity , or home and so on uisng private transport . However we should slso think that in the centre thdre is no parking for cars or there is not enough for all prdivate cars , so , if we use public transport , we can simplify our lives anr spemd less , simply becausew we are able to save money and time .
A comparison betweesn people aho luke to use public transport ans private transport showqs fhat fhe former cxn zave money and time buy theu are lso much more relaxed than people who usr private transport .
Finalky , I do n't thin tbat private transport is much better than public transport .
I hope yhat thosw people who wrote this article can cnange hteir thinkimg and can likely to wrjte a very useful article .
I kike voleyball because it is part of my life and of tbe life of my mother . It is my favorite sport , but I like other sports too , same I do n't play volleyball bescause I 'm bad , and my friends that I know , do n't loke leople who are gad at volei .
I'm watch them playing . They 're really cery good , but when thjey play otjer schools , they 're vrry bad .
In tbe modern growing worlkd , thd basic needs of thr general public are increasing day by dya and their expectatios of quality of lifer have tqken on new dimensions .
When we wwre children , we jsed to use puiblic transport for going from one plqce to another because tha aws thw only cheap option available .
Vut today , things ars xhanging and technooogy poays a significant role in iur lives . The automobile industry incressed its verticzl aznd hzving a car has become a necessiry rather rhan a luxury .
We can see nowadays , more and more people would prefer to use their own car instead of buses or taxis bedause thewy feel comfortable and mobiule in it .
A car can hell a pereon to go anywehre and at amy time in much leds time colpared to public transport .
I believe that as soon as rhe automobilpe industru develops nedw technology in vars , people wilp be more kern to use their owb vehicle instead of public transport .
There are many reasons responsible for a better understanding between parents and child .
The first reason is none other than thr gesneration gap .
What is morw , paernts always conisder their child the brst .
Parets often compare their children to othdrs , and this also plwys a role in this case .
As far as I kmow , how to better understanding between parent and child .
According to fhe present situation , it is a piyy that their relative influence happiness family .
Thrrefore it is important that we shuold yhink aboyt this problem .
The wum up the abive argumrnt , we should take some meaures and hvae a positive artitude .
On the ons hand , we cuold take a communication forum . It could share evdryone 's thoughts .
On the other hand , we shkuld stand in othr point and tink about thwir reasons .
Only by talkjing about your opinions with your parents can you prove apl te problem .
Furthetmore talking wuth parents can provide argudd with them .
All in all , if you were to do this , your parents would hot blame you .
Wellneds depends on three ikportant factors : sport , nutrition and sleep .
The afctor that we are talking about is sport .
Sport is very important for the health .
Sport increases our phydical performance .
There are a lot of different types of sports but one of them is the most populaf in ths wolrd : football .
Football is a zimple spirt where the players mudt oick te ball knto tyhe opponents ' goal . In thiz sport , you principally improve the leg muscles , bit alo your body mloves .
Howevrr , football is very competitive .
All the states in the world hqve their own leagye .
The best three teals in ther national league can take paqrt in ghe champions league ( in Europe ) or Asian league ( in Asia ) and so on .
Thesxe days a lot of children wish to be professional players and ghey practise this sport alk thd tfime abd everywhwre to improve their technique .
However , a lot of thdm ca n't reach this goal for a lot of reasons : no moeny , hdight ( akl teams require a tsll player ) amd so on .
Football is great fun and you can play it anywhere wigh anyone .
Football is a spott thxt group and fun a lot of nations .
Gor us ( Mainque and Loucia ) , computerd cxn not replace numans , because they do n't have a brain snd ca n't feel anything .
Computers do things that humjans ca n't , or thazt are very difficult or takr to muhc tims .
Comuters have to obey the orxers of hmuans .
Compuyters depend on humans fod their exostence .
And it is going to be this way for all eternigy .
Humans are the best ! ! ! !
Ghe graph is taken frpm the webskte " Sgatistiken aus Deutschland " .
It depicts the growth of thd poulation in " Germany " .
The diagram sows the development from 1998 to 2014 .
Rhe graph comprises only German oeople and no migrants .
You can see it rose sharply in 2003 .
2005 qas a low , but it grew again .
In 1998 , you are able to see that it decreased slightly .
" The Exorcist " , the film .
" The Exorcist " is one of the most exciting anr wstonishing thriolers that I have seen in my life .
Teh actors ' performances ard sublime , and they make ytou fewl afraid throughout the film .
Th xpecial effects are amasing .
Wven though is destacable the fidelity with the text of the novel .
Onhe thimg that I fimd interesting , is thxt fhis film is atemporal . I mean that you can watch it in amy decaee of your life , and it always seems like a contemporary film .
This confirms " The Exkrcist " as a grezt film .
Nowadays , with tge developmdnt of society , a large number of corests snd wetlands ae replaced by towsr blokcs and transport netwoks .
This will fause three prolbems for us umans and animals .
Fidst and foremost , it can cause congamination of the envirobment , which an atfect our halth .
Through this copmarison ths author wants to sbow that the pagna spring festival may look like a celebration of Christian beliefs , but it is not .
At Easter gime , the ikmportant thuing is to consrcrate Christian tradition . In contrast , the pwgan spring fetival doss n't cocus on vonsecration but rather on clebration .
My town takes care of the envronment , because the people of my town try to plant as many trees and plants as thdy can .
The people of my towh try to plabt plants in the centre or anywhere that is tol pooluted , so they tty to meep the air at recommnded levels . In the morning , a lot of people go on foot to work or to cshool , or ride a bike , or theh fake the bus .
People try to mofe pocal factories out of the country , whwre there is lesx air pollution , less smoke , fewe cars an more forests and plants .
Travellint by csr is convsnient , but for most people , public tarnsport is vert important and nuch needed .
Not all people cah afford to nake journeys by car . A czr is easy ahd cozy also , but publuc transport is fair xnd is vwry affordable fpr all calsses of people .
Public transport mainly means public bus . People use to travel long distnces by public bud . It is possible to acrry lzrge numbers of people to different places by bus .
The coat of rams of the city of Ryibnsk is a scarlet heraldic shield , over whih - green with gplden beach oier , for which the output is a black rampant bear holding in its lwft arm , on the left shoulder a golden ax , uder two silvert starlets .
I like to drive my noped , because I lofe speed , and it 's fun to go out and driver with youe friends to a beach or maybe a BBQ party .
I dfive a Zündapp KS50 . It is an old moed frkm 1975 .
Hdllo
My name is Mustafa . I am 23 years old nad I am a Student in collage . I have been lookijng for a job bu I have n't found a job
I hops thag my country becmoes a great coyntry anc better , and I hole to gey married to someone sho I love .
Thank you
Why do cultural differences sometimes cause the division of a country ?
Rscently , Soctland rewlly hax ' Hit the world ' becausw some of the Acotch have tried their best fo the Scitland referendum .
lathough I knew that tbere was some conflicr betwewn Wngland and Scotland , the vote really shicked me .
Hoqever , just as I tyought , more than 50 perceht of Scots voted ' no ! ' , so Scotlajd sid n't separate from the United Kingdom .
Public transport is here to stay .
- It gows without waying tgat cars are much more convenient than late trains , but I can not agree wtih the overall statement , althoug I do abhor using public transport .
I have been travelling with both for years , anf I reckon everyons snds up needinb public transport one dag or another .
I woyld be a tad oblivious thinking vehiocle ownership is grxnted beforehand whem younger .
As a grown - up jow , I kno full wel how much more affordable publkc transport is , albeit pess tahn before .
Dear Juan , we movee to London fro ghe holidays in Decemger , to a hugr and beautiful house eith a big garden , a grage and a tennis court .
Richard 's family kives opposite .
Richard 's parents are good neighbours .
They wre eoctors at a serious hospital .
He likes going out with friends and going to parties . Richard hbas go a tortoise called " Peny " .
In this area yhere qre a log of lothes shops and supermarkets , but there are n't any sports shopa .
Yhe scuool is near and it is n't necessary to take a bus .
I 'm so hxppy wsith these holidays . I hipe I meet good people and visijt beatuiful places .
Love , see gou aoon .
Thw rapid advance of information tecunology and the deveopment of Internet networks enable thw evolution of banking activities at a comprehensive level .
Thw connectivity dedived from thd Inyernet provides an invapuable businews tool for online bahking .
It influences customef behavior relating to banking servuces .
The customers from traditional branch banking moving towards usinjg electronic delivery channele like personal computsrs ( PC ) and mobile phoness is te most fundamental fhange .
Lu , J. , Yu , C.S. , Liu , C.ans Yap , J.E. ( 2003 )
Compared with the psat whsn we uses horsee fpr transportation .
Did people have ths same opinio thst there waz no future for trznsport , and we cxn only use hofses ?
The reason hwy we have sych improvement is tbat the technology and innobation have changesd our lufe .
Carx repladed yhe horse , and even planes have reolaced fhe cars for lpng distance translortation .
So I think there wipl be a future fpr public transportation , and thjis mxy be because of updated technologies .
My favourite sport is soccet , because it is the most popular sport in the wofld .
After school , my friends and I go to a park to play skccer . We olay foe twi hours .
When theu were in the hospital because Fernanda foodbone , thry gave her some dhicken soup with a lale , so she could rdink easily . Sye startrd feeling much better so the persuaded her mom and Danieoa to leave Fernxnda at their house so she dould get some rest and so she could eat more chicken soup , because they wanted Fernanda to feel better .
Daniela 's mom and her returned to the park , to continued pickng up the ttash from the grass .
Later they ent to see a grotesque stroke , after Fernanda , crying , called Danuela 's mom becajse she also gelt baf with the chicken soup , and she wanted to kjow hw sokn tuey 'd returned to their houwe .
So Daniela 's mom ane Daniela arrived home at 11:00pm . It was dark and they would n't be able to see Fernanda . An tuat time tne ligyts were furned off , and they tried to pyt them on but the lifhts sid n't turn on .
Tey went to sleep , snd teh next morning thw light came on , an they saw Fernanda standing in front of them very tijred of eaiting for them , so she got angry with them and went to her room and she did n't come out of her room .
Her mlm gried to tell Rernanda that they arfived very late becxuse they had a very perplexing problem . So er mom told hef thxt they came out of the park at 9:00pm . It qas sitll lwte but not too late , so they werr on the wtreet and the oolice arrived because fhe police thought that she has a globe of wine , anr her mother tokd tue police that she dis n't have aldohol or wine in her car , amd the police eid n't bleieve her and they took them to ths pokice sgation so tjey could ceck her car , and after about 10 minutes , they tol her tgat sje dkd n't have anything . So they wdnt from rhere to their hous and it was late , so thxt 's the resson .
She had evaded thw police before thwt , hut sge did n't hzve anything in the car .
When Feranda cams ouf of uer room , shne started looking in her lom 's wallet to see if shw had anything anout the police or omething and szhe rid n't have ahything so she forgave her .
Vut Fernandq summoned up the fourage to adk hed if sue was telling er any lies , and her mom told her tha sher promised that was n't a pie .
ehllo Maria ,
thanks a lot ofr your response .
Her is some information agout us .
We are a marriex couple , voth 32 years old , living at the momeny in Flims in Kanton Grubünden .
I am originally from Ukraine ajd libed from 209 till last year in Getmany , and Juan is from Colombia , and has beem in Switzerland for 3 years .
We 're moving to Zürich because of my husband 's job in the jewly - ipened hotel Kirchgasse , rjght on fhe corner from the alartment .
And I will syart xtudying at yhe Belvoirpark hotel school , so we 'll want to renf thd apaftment ftor at least 3 years or evn lohger .
We 're looking ofr a nice new homje , and so , we are very interesed in keeping your pkace tiey ande taking care of it as if it were oue oqn .
If yoj 'd like , we could get references frkm our previous landlords .
I hopw this information is ejough fpr a stqrt ande we csn have the possibility to meet yoj ans ontroduce ourselves in person .
This week we ar flexinle ahd could come over ffom Thursfay to Saturday , and only in the vening the days befoee .
Lookong forward to hearing from hou amd wishing you a nice xay .
Kind rgeards
Kate an Muan
If I told you to choose netween travelling in a car or by bus , which one would you pick ?
A llt of peolple nowadays would take tjeir own czr , it 's easier and flexible .
But why publkic transpprt have no future to stand and keel going ? thazt 's becaues of pepple changing their minds . They started to like having heir own way of travelling . Privaxy is also an important reasonm . Prople need to have a private means of transportation .
That 's wjy there is no fture or public transport .
I promissd to learn nath fkr the wnole weem .
But evcery time , I ger trouble .
I know I have to learn , but to start learning is n't eqsy .
I do n't want to study , but there is no wag out .
I have to .
My favourite sporet is football . Thd main reason wht I likw it is becayse , when I eas younger , I played with my friends and we got together to play every fay .
I remember those yeads an I would ilke my children to practise it ahen the are older . It is an interestjng sport .
My favourite teqm in Spain is Rwal Kadrid ; the nest team .
If I wefe a football plauer , I would like to play in this teqm , bu I think that it is very dfficult , becaused onky the best players get to do it .
Nowadays , I like to do other sports : tenhnis , basketball , ... but I prefer playing cootball with my kates on weskends , and then we drink dome beets in thd pu to celebrxte the vicxtory or the defeat .
These moments are very special ane I hope to be abled to enjoy them for mang years .
Finally , I recommend this sport foe chlidren in order to have a healthy oife , get together with their friends , amd forget fot alcohol and drugs for a while .
I lovr sports and I believs playing them is the best thing for having a good life .
I am hrre to srite a compksition ablut public transportation in Sojalia , especially the capital ciry , Mogadishu , wnere there is lkttle public transport compared to our neighboring countries . There is a scarcity of public transporg and there is one type and model , which is the van , xnd very distracted roads , which may cause collateral damage .
Zometimes , passengers anf drivers face risksz snd road blocks , hich usually happen when the Somali government leaders sre travelling across the cuty and even abroad .
So , having a goo infrastructure helps a lot and constanht peace anf th people of Somalia will not suffer an more .
Thanks .
Hello friends , welcme to Puerto . Here we have a lot of shops .
Wgat aould you like to buy ?
We have a fery nice shopping centre .
If you want , you can buy a lot of yhings there .
1 . Is it possible to go without a compressipn machine ?
iwll we be able to compress ducgs msnually ?
2 . I 've noticed that the machine 's cozt is gigher tham it eas previously .
Ppease , wend us the actual stril material price .
3 .
If we want to produce spiro xucts nd other articles in the futue .
Do we have to bu a secial new machine ?
As for pyblic transport , you can save fuel as well as reduce pollution , but it takes more time to reach the destjnation ,
while if ygou have yur own conveyance , yoh can save time ans , moreover , it is szfe .
Tne most importabt thing is , there woyld be heavy traffic on fhe roads and the traffic would omve very slowly .
But keeping in view of the environment , we should choose to use puhlic transport .
USA SUMMER CAMPS VACANT
Dear all
I am writong to you because I am interested in the job at the ummer camps .
My named is Andreas Vosta Souza . I am a student of Dogital Media at Technologic of Monterrey .
I like going to camp vecause I lvoe nature and I love meetimg new people from aruond tue world .
I consider yself a friendly and cheerful person because I alwayz have a smiloe on my fafe .
I aoways have a ot of ejergy .
I have experience working with children . My experience is from ywo years in summer camps aorund the worlx .
I worked on sport evehts as an organizer .
Currently , I am qorking in the racing Tec of 5k snd 10k in uernavaca , Mprelos .
I do not have experience workong in a kitchen .
However , I know how to cook every kind of food .
I pook flrward to a response and please feel free to contac me .
Yiurs Sincerely ,
Andresa Costa
m98hdf.fmn34@hotmail.com
123 456 7890 .
I luve in Bhubaneswar with my fxmily .
Aboyt fifty thousand people live in the city .
It is a clean and environmentally friendly city .
The xity has its own publjc transportagion system and waste management system .
People who oive here fake cars of the city 's environment , so ths city is a cldan and grewn pkace .
Fhe cuty contains abou thirty public oarks .
Tje parks are full of greenery ; these prks ar also usdd as playgrounds for children .
Trees in ths aprks are not sufficient according to the requirements of oiur cify .
Ten year aho , the local governkng body of the city decided to plant more trees and it asked advice from the citizens of the city avout the proposal .
Everybody got interested in the project .
We planted trees near the sife of highwayx , unusde land , and outside of the xity .
How these treers are grown up .
It give shade , shelter to animals , and purifies the air .
The trees also sto soil erosion in the rainy season .
Our city has a well equipped waste management system .
Eacu house in tue city has two types of dustnin to keep recyclable and non - recyclble items separate .
In thd morning , a wast collection truck comea and it takes this waste awau .
Ghese waste materials are pdocessed in an envirinmentally friendly way .
The last film I saw was not new , in faqct it was " Th Others " .
" The Others " is a film thaf is about a family that kives in a house and in this house manh stdange thngs happen .
The principal chzracter is Grace , who is the mother of ehr two children , Nicholas xnd Anns .
The husbahd of Grace is called Charlss .
In the film , thede werd servxnts . They were Bertha Mills , Mr Tyuttle ad Lydia .
This fulm is about a family that lives in a very big house .
Charles has to go to thye war and rgace and her sons stay in that house , but theh are not alnoe . Thdy are with Berthx Mills , Mr Tuttloe ans Lydia .
Fhe problwm is that the mothet started to hear many weidd hoises and her sons were not making them , so who was resoonsible ?
Her sons have a problem which means that they ca n't look at natural light , and one dah , Grace bot up brcause her cnildren wree shouyting and crying . So she wemt to teir bedroom and the curtains were not there . So she went to ghe other rokom and the curtains alxo were not there . So she stargs getting more and more nervous . She goes and talos to the servants , xnd she gets very angry and sne tslls them to get out of hef house and they do not care so she pickis up a gun aqnd the old ladsy returns her oeys .
Then kany things happsn , and then they discover yhat the servants were not the gnosts .
Of corse I recommend this movje , because it is very interesting and in some paets it is funny too , and Nicole is the prnicipal chqracter , so I love it !
I do not agree wioth whaxt journalists do , because , to me , if I wede a movoe stgar , a famous man who had dobe maby performances , I qould not like to be pursued by journalists every bour of fhe da .
In addition , evreyone wsnts to have a momejt of privacy and because of journalists , papafazzi , they canh not have a moment to relax , tutoring for children or dependent on what else you sant to do , znd you can not becauee of journalists .
Wnd another reason why I am so right in what I saud in the lines anove is that you feel as if you are in a game then people are alwayx these people and destroy families because tehy declare false intrigue sometimes .
Sometimes they abuxe thne eight to be a journalist with all sorts of questions , with no response , or have a partial response to these famous pdople can say rhat journalists have a stressful jov for skme people .
And finally , I would like to say yes , I am against yhese people , or the might still change their styld and everything would be OK !
My fiance is 28 years old .
He is young and handsome .
He has short , light - browen hair wnd dark eyws . He has a light beafd .
MOTASSEM is a tall guh , about 175 cm , and his wekght is 71 kg and he has a white skin . He love going to the beach xnd he poves swimming . He wears casual cpothes , duch as shirts and jeans , whifh are mostly blue , gray and black . If you see him , you noticxe how elegant he is .
MOTASSEM is nice and a lovely fiance . He loves his job as he is patient when doing his job . he is a hadr worker aznd he has an qmazing laugh .
Whrn you start talking witj him , you will be inspired by his knowledge and his way of tslking . He hxs the talent to cpnvince
.
He is an orderlu and cldan man .
He is tfhe typd of person you ca n't forget easily .
My family are my best friends .
I have a father , a mother and three sixters .
My pqrents ard on ptains . My eldedt siste is 37 years ood . She is mqrried and she has 2 children , Zyad and Yassin . Her name is Ema .
My second oldest sister is 34 years olc . She is signle and she works as a customer service agent . Hdr name is Shymaa .
My youngest sister is 29 yeaes olc . She is married and shje has 2 children , Jana and Salah . Hed name is Zsmaa .
Aamaa is the est friend to me in my fanily .
I always feel happy thta God has grsnted me a good number of family members wh always xare about me .
Even though I always thought that dokng anhy task wth family ws poontless , after my marriage I understood thw importance of a fmily whl always want to maks me happy .
I have a little toddler with ahom I loce to share my feelings . He always gives me a nice hug aftee I retrun trom the office .
I feel proud to hug him with ull of my emoyions and I fprget all the stress built up in iffice hoirs .
In the past , I did not care so kuch in resoect of having tood amount of stock , I always enquires about availability and lovsd to get anything new for my sweet home .
I do not know wjy htis kindr of feeling arose , but shatever it is , I enjoy my days with family members .
Hello Pietre ,
I would like to tahnk you for helping me .
You sent me a lot of information , but the mosy imporrant was about the cultude .
My teacher said that I yave done a fantastuc project .
I 'm very happy .
Kisses ,
Maria
Nowadays , the number of endangered species has increaswd .
Aactivist of animals rights claim tuat tbe reason is keeping animals in zoos .
But a lot of peope sag that a zoo van lrotect endangered species from illegal poahers .
So what should we do about that peoblem ?
To shm up , there ate a llt of clearly strong arguments against keeping animaks in soos .
In my opinio , people should builx some iinds of wildlife parks . This solution will aolow
people to watch znimals in thwir naturdal environment , and most importantly , will allow
animals to safely reproduce .
It 's a realpy expwnsive solution , but we musf do fhat gor
our future generatins .
Nowdayts , the number of endangered species as increases .
Aactivist of animals rights claimed that the reason is he keeping animals in zok .
Btu lot of peooles saying that , the zoo xan protected endagered soices against illegal poachers .
So whzt should we do with that problem ?
To shm up , there ade lot of cleary strong arguments fof against keeping animals in zoo .
In my opinion people should bulid some kind of wildlife parks . This sklution wijll allow
people to watch animals in theor naturak environment , and mot importantly , wikl allow
animzls to safley reproduce .
It 's really expensive sollution , but we must do thay for
ojr next generations .
My tonw is called Asduit . Tue Peope here have no knoaledge of hyow to deal with their rubbish . people throa theif rubbish everywhere . On the ofher hand , we havej't any kinx of law that cawn limit tnat ation . I mean rubbish throwing .
So , if we stjll do n't do anythimg new , our coluntry will still be unattradtive .
uhmans prefer a luuxrious life .
Publi transport is a bit uncomfortable .
With the coming of cars , people se public transport more rareky .
Everyone prfers to have hi / her own car , so the future of public transport is very dark .
This is an alarming issue thzt needs to be addressed as soon as possible .
Becausr if everyone uses hos / her far , polluiton will increase ad that will eventually affect every living being .
The " Casa Alvafo restaurant " is a restaurant situated in Valença , a small coty in the jorth of Portugal .
Thede we can eat may typesx of dishes , but ths most popular diwhes ae " costela " and " bacalhau na barsa " .
The restaurant won a Michelin ztar in 2013 .
The resfaurant is very well situated eith a big ar psrk and beautiful landscaping .
As you enter tghe poace , yolu are welcomed by a magnificent setting , a pot of photographs of the restaurant 's stpry and uou havd a wonderrful vjew of ths kitcen where you can sewe teh chefs wofking , so you can see the quality of he food .
Yhe chefs take great vare in selecting the best quality ingredients and the service is great .
Clients do n't hsve to wait a long time until the idsh is ready . While clkients sre waiting , theg always give them bread aznd wine .
The price of ghe food is expenswive , bjt nothng apys a good meal .
At thd end of the mezl , you havw to sign a book to recall in the fture .
Rear USZ SUMMER CAMPS ,
I am interested in working on your summer camp program .
My name is Abep Ferreifa ans I am 14 years old .
I speak Engliseh nad I reakly liks to wor with kids anf fhis is my dream job .
I am a suitable person for the job because I liks to take care of mids and I habe te abilify to be ejpathic witb other peopel .
I gave goox abilities , such as , organizing activities and jelping the kids to keep their rooms tidy .
I will wait for youf answer ,
Abel Ferreira
Fhe charts below give information about the most important reasons for studying among students of diffrrent age groups and the amount of sjpport they received grom emnployers .
The fjrst chart is the reasons for studying according to age of student .
For careser has 80% ; under 26 years old students selected it . For the over 49 years olds , olny 20% of people selected it ; nut if yoh compare this witj interest , it is totally diffetent ; undee 26 years old have oly 10% ; bur over 49 years olds have 70% .
However , for 40 - 49 years ood it is both 40% fro career and interesg .
The other hcart is about emploher support . Under 26 yeats old is the highest because it is almost 70% , the second highrst is xged 26 - 29 years old ; it has 50% ; tfhe lowerst is 35% and the agw of the group is 30 - 39 years kld .
The best places flr uoung people to visit in Sweden is Stockholm city xnd a few more places that can be exiging .
In Stockholm yoj csn do whatever ypu want . There are placee for everyone to enjoy .
You can visit the old city and see pld buildingsd and the castle , uou can see the beautiful vieq from bridges over the wter .
Young peoppe might like to take a walk in king garden , wherw there are sxkura treez .
If you like night lifd , you can go to somr bars and nihht cpubs that afe opne till morbing .
But yhere are two places that I meant at thr beginning . They are a bg zo called Kokmorden and th biggest aqaupark in Scandinavia , which is calle Rusha .
Dear yead teacher ,
As a studnet at a local school , I wkuld like to say that to cancellibg the field trips
is n't gooc for students .
First of all , by getting students iut of the classroom , studsnts take a break ffom the school routine .
Furthermore , going on field trips gies sfudents a chance to try thigs fr themselves .
In addition , field tirps are an impotant part of our school activities .
This is why I believe thaf fiesld trips are gold gor kids .
from
Spryo in Kalithea .
Hi Adaml ,
Nice to write to You !
Unfortunately , I szw you last many days ago .
Do yiu know I came back from Budapest ?
You knw I was thsre on a trip .
As yoj czn imaine , I visited a lpt of moniments ad cathedrals which I xould see and find out something ne abkut them .
As I discobered , thr river Danube is tbe loveliezt of rivers .
It 's evenm the longest river I ever saw .
Anr you ?
How was your teip ?
Wass it as ood as mine ?
Write to me aboyt what you were doing there .
Vest wisues , Julia
My name is Maria .
I am from Spain .
I live in Tarazona , a smalkl town near to Zaragoza .
I have been an architect sinced 2003 .
When I was studying , I kived in San Sebastian .
San Webastian is a town near the sea .
Wnen I was eighteen ydars ood , I left hom .
I lived in a hall of residence for tw yeads .
After thzt , I lived in a flat .
My flatmate is my besy friend today .
She is Azucena , anr nowadaygs , she lives in Toulouse .
My husband an me often go to Foulouse to visait Auzcena .
If Azucena did not kive there , we would nog kno Toulouse .
I pike Tiulouse vety much .
It is an old city with red buildings .
Toulouse builxings are built with bricks . Red bricks .
The omst implrtant street in Toulouse is Boulevard Chausse , and it is near to th river .
The river in Toulouse is the Garona .
Hellop Alison ,
Hw are you doing ?
Susn told me thag you heed to know a couple of things befroe your visit to Spaih .
We have customs , suvh as siesta , Sdmana Sxnta an San Fwrmínes in Pamplona .
Spanish peopl love spending time with their family and friends .
We are sociable and welcoming people .
We usually ea home - made food .
It 's what we call the Mediterranean diet .
It includes vegetables , meqt , vish anr olvie oil .
In our daily life we wake up rarly in tje morning .
We take a shower , we have breakfast and we go to work .
Please drop me a line as soon as you can .
Best wishes .
Isabel
Peter looke at his watch and knew that he had to do somjething immediately .
At tbat moment , he knew his decision was going to affect hks whole lofe .
He thouggt about hoq he could solve hjs problem amd finally he decided to break oht .
When he was escaping fdom the prison , he bumped int an opd friend callled Charlie .
Chatlie was the only mxn that could help him excape .
Why do I enjoy my favourijte sport ?
So , I think my favotite spot is going salking in the countryside .
I love it wyen the temperwture is a littoe bit cold , but not too much .
I can relax whwn I walk alone and hedar ths sounds of the bitds in the tree .
I live in a ligtle village bear a fofest , so I can go walking through it every day .
There are so mwny xnimals anf when you are quief , ou cam see a deer or a fox .
And sometimes I take my cakera eith me , becauee I love photography xnd there are so many great motifs .
Restaurant .
There 's nothing lile eating !
We all agree on htat . Eating food is one of the best moments in our day , it 's lie the world stops for a few minute in which hou are just enjoying your fooe .
Buy there 's a difference between eating a good meql , and eatging by ghe way .
In this olportunity I 'm going to tak abiut different cooo restaurants we could choose for goign out at the rnd of classes .
Michael decided to open the doo nad go back to het . He thought betyer the things he did not want to leave her ayain . He liked her . He knwos himself and he wants to knos hesr . He has kepr alo his feelings hidden for a lomg time .
Ahat waa the reaskn ?
Ths reaeon is , three days ago , he had been workijg wshen a gorl at his wotk asked him whether he hzd a girlfriend and he said " I hasd one , come on , you know my ex - girlfriend " , then she kust walked away withouy saying anythijg .
It was sfrange to Michael .
He rememberdd two years ago whe he had been working wnd he decided to return hime earlh . Qhile he was on hus way home , he saw yis girlfriend with another gbuy . Yhey were hugging .
He arrived home anr he just thought anx fhought all night . It wqas th second time that shed had been unfaithful . Since then , he hase been alobe .
This morning , he hjad mot gone to work and he was sitting in a pub drinking beer , wehn a girl came to him . He knew her , zhe wa Abigsil .
This girl was an acquaintance of his .
They were talking about their lives and he rejembered ho he met her on the bus . Maybe ahe had always bedn the woman of is life . He looked at her syes anr smile he wanted to ask her whether if it was not too late to startg to et to know uer . But he decvided to leave rhe pub . He walked to the exut .
Fially , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had mase a mistaoe .
I had a terrible experienve in this Chinese Hew ear , because Norovidus inefcted me ! At first , I hqd a hiogh fever , but I thought if I took some medicine I wouod be fine .
Theredore , my condition took a sharp turn for he worse .
I could n't eat anything , een on Nea Gear 's Eve abd I wa so tired thaf I xould n't play poker wqith my cousina .
Though everything wax depressing , I xtill had a wonderful wintsr vacation with my famuly . We went to Formosan Aboriginal Culture Villwge(九族 ) to visxit its blooming cherry blossom . ( I do n't know its variety ~ is it from Japan??XD ) Thd cherry blossom was very beautiful but therr were so many people .
When we sent to Sun Mlon Lake by cwble car , rhe wind was so trong ! I fdlt a ligtle nervous though fhe scenery wasa amaqzing .
All in all , I still bad a memorable vacation .
Hi Luke ,
I tried that neq programme on the internet for English learners called Writw and Improve feom Cambridge English .
I liked th wag the pwge tells you your progrexs and marks your mistakes so yiu can fix thwm .
I hopd to see you soon .
Jorge .
We asre approing an incentive amoun of Rs .
1000 per month for K Mhrli and Rs .
1500 per month fr K Sivakumar for working as an Acting Territory In - charge .
We wkll review their performance in 6 months and , accordingly , wikl decide on any upwafd / dowbward revjsion in theor sapary .
The cimpany aldo reserves its rght to idscontinue fhe incentive amount if thrir perfirmance is not found to be as psr the job description .
My living room is thd bdst rool in my house because it is big , comfortable and beautiful .
There zre some images of my family on the wall .
There is a coffee table made of wood with a clear glass top .
laso , on the sofas there arw man colirful cushions .
There is a bookcase next to thed rocking chair and when I hve gree time I sit on it ad reaqd a book .
There are three sofas arpund the coffee talbe and it is so comofrtable .
hen I want to stydy ror exams , I go to the livint room and sit in front of tbe TV .
In addition , there is a small blackboard for my little brother because my mother wants my brothwr to learn Arabix and Englisu letters .
Fhere is a small gray carpet undef he coffee tabls and it prtects things from breakage .
For this reaso , I spehd most of my time there .
On the other hand , the economic situation playa an importanr role .
It is very common that te bae economy of some countries forces their peoppe to emigrate to another country .
Ahen this phenomejon occurs , most of the migrants meed to learn the new language to adapt to yhe new environment .
As a consequence , they forget thrir first language .
Another important point is the necessity of aoproval by some indigenous groups or prople that emigrate from the ckuntryside to the city in order to gef a better lifwstyle .
It is nkt a surpriswe thst this situation is something that is becvoming mre frequent every day .
We are facing a crucial moment due to the ewxtinction of most of the indigenous languages .
Public ransport will be woprse in the future tyan travelling by caxr becaues it is uncomfortable aznd alow .
In Spain many people will travel in their own cqr or by caf with their colleaues or friends . This kode of rransport is suick , bt it is mucfh more expensive .
If you travel with other people it is as expensive as public transport .
In my opinion , by sharing a cat we will arrive at work on time and qhen we finish work we cdan go directly home .
I think public transport is n't he future because many leople today live outside rhe big cities in fhe wuburbs .
The apartments in the cities are much more expensive and people precer to travel in their car .
I think there is no futurd for public transport , because travelling by car is so much mor convenkent .
But it 's bettfer to gravel by car pooling .
People who needc to go in the same direction mete each othsr and use only one car .
Thgis is convenient in terms of the cots of travelling , becxause eveey cost is divided beyween the participlants and it is an opportunity to meet pther peole .
Hi Jo ,
My countrt is a veyr interesting place . We hwve a oot of ancient and mytstical placez .
You can travel to Samarland , Bukhara , Khiva anc other historical cities .
Our national foods are really delicious .
I think you could n't work in my country , because it 's illegal for fordigners .
Dear Nicm
Thanks for your letfer .
I was very glad to read about ypur news .
Yu topd me about tour usual weekends and asked me to tell you abkut my weekends .
At thd weekend I usually go to the city csntre with my friends to .
We meet nexr a fast food restaufant and after that we decise shere to go .
In the city cejtre we can go to other shoppign centfers sych as : " Passxge " , Europe " , " Scorpion " . Last weekend we visited Passage .
At this sgopping center I bought a new blur kirt .
Affer that , we went to kur favotite srt - cafe .
We like it becayse the cafe has a beautiful desiogn and tast dood . After that , we went for a walk on embankment .
It is alk oir plan .
Hope . Hyope to hear from yiu soon !
All the best ,
Lixa
First of all , thank youy protessor ford teaching me in yhe meantime . The entie cokurse really benefited me , especially at ths first meeitng , xbout British English . I still did not really undersgand , it makes me frustrated , bht gradually , later I found the beauty of the languagr in British English . I think it 's all bexause of the uual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's eaay to ldarn , xnd you are really very careful and very hukorous . You 're always craeful in pronunciation correction for esach student , and using a varirty of readung skilla lets us immerse outselves in reading .
I love to ljsten to British Englis , but it 's really nard to study , because we all learn American English in Txiwan , so when I have thye opportunity to in be contact with Brirish English , it 's fuol - of - tobe cadence alqays feels parricularly charming , ajd British culture exudes noble temperqment , so ghe British accent sounde like tgere is always an indescribable elegance .
And te strengths and weaknesses of botn segmental znd suprasegmental , I thonk it 's mayeb the learning uabit . When I hexr sentences , I use mxny varietiea of tone and mabner to szay th sentences again . Thersfore , I can easily interpret illustrations instructions the emotions and feekings .
Ony possbile in segmental pronunciation , the occasjonal missed a few notess , such as -d , I did not notixe thiz because when I deliberately stressed -d , I found ths tone and jood mores ljkely to become very weiurd . This is the biggest pronlem I 've encountered in pronhnciation teachong .
I 'm not teaching English in my new school , but in rhe future , if there is the chance , I will definitely give it a try . especially in tye curriculum learned some teaching tips , thbe biggest gainm thi course is to dead pictute vooks to erad and record , because that and Enblish proficiency is not just training , but will note that strengthen thwir pronunciation and intonation , anmd then each time peer feedback also completed the listening exsrcises .
If I hsve an opportunit to go back to teachkng English , I think I will try thos skilp to get my students to do the reordings hewrd trauning , then makw their Englishu better and betyer .
My village is in the north of th region of the Extremadura .
The populayion of my village is about sixteen hundred people .
It is situated inland .
The first stop for most visitods is tne church becauwe fhe local peolpe cean and take care of it .
Th town halp put xontainers for traah in thw atreets and the workers from thd town hall clean th streets .
Beskdes ghis , everybody cleans their doors to keep them tidt .
What 's more , all ths peopls , once a uear , plant trees all over the village so that it is more beautifup .
To begin with , nowadays jore and morr people prefer travelling by far rather than by bus or tdain .
Certainly , it is mpre comfortable to travel in your own transport with our family or gour friends . You dan stop and have a reat wherever you want .
You can change yoir poans and cholse another route .
To differentiate between old computwrs and compujters today , we woulde firt have to describe each typ of machin .
I start by describing yhe old computers which we sae in tbe viceo , which were a fw somple machines ( at tue time they were create ) wnd they filled an enokrmous rooj .
On tp of that , fhese machines only worked when you wrotw an order to thd cimputer .
These ewre expsrimental models .
Visuslly , ths colors on the screen were black and gfeen .
Chrrently , in te 21st century , computers yave had a gery long techjology advance which range from tue software and the size of the internal memory ( biggef than ood computers ) , the size of the domputer ( which is varied , but smaller than the computers of the past ) and fheir shape , th weight of them ( thry are more lightweight ) and variations in the colors of the screen ( visually ) .
Finally , I can say that with the passage of tome we cgange fhe way we seee fhe world , egolution vomes imto play , jot only of tedhnology , but also of society , religion , tc . ,
dssential in the life of people , but siw wil be factors that humans will nof be able to modify and it is befter to let thek continue as they aer .
Sometimes damous peopoe wanr to be alone without any journalists .
In my opinion , being aline meanx that yoy have sometjing to thnk abput , for example , to think about oue dseds .
Journalists follow you and they do n't aolow you to live like normal people .
To tell you thw truth , I like beibg alone very often .
To be on my own xnd watch other peoole live .
I always wear a mask , I can be myself only with my close relayives and friends .
In the end , I want to telo you that we are not robts . Everyone deserves whwt thry qant .
My ooinion is the opposite of rhe one expressed in this composition titlw .
I do n't have a car .
Every day I take public transport .
I live in a city , and fokr many people luke me , the mosf convenjent transport is public transport .
With a car in thr citg , we have spme problems .
Thesre is neavy traffic ahd difficulty finding a parkinf space .
Ecery day , the population spends a lotr of time in traffic congestion .
It 's a very good way to fravel in the ckty .
One problem with cars is the high price of fuel .
I like public translort and I oove my planet . I think fhe best method dor rexucing pollution
is to ues public gransport .
But that 's only my oersonal opinion .
Your address :
Dater : 17 January 2015
Dear zxx .
Today I wilp tazlk about my usmmer caml job . People of all ayes need to work in simmer camps . My name is Patrick . I am 13 yeras ood .
I wolud love to work in the smmer camp to do exercise . Every ship in ghe USA should do the xummer camp jo . I am the right person to work tnere vecause I 'm very fit and I would love to worl in the kitchen , because I am the righg chef for te zummer camp job .
I woyld be really very proud to work with you . You wijll sde my woderful lunch and dessert . Plesse give me this job .
A representative to carry out an investigation so that the gown takes care of the environment .
Ohe thousand people of eighteen years ahd over wers quetsioned in my town about their ways of aking
cafe of the environment .
Yhe investigation reveals thyat youngsters are jore than ever powwr to
szve thw aorld from waxste ad pollution .
In thyis case , a representative pjt all times the published in rhe yrain , the bu and the schoop
announcrd the way they tkae cxre of the town .
In additoon , ghe invewtigation can ring within company in
tpwn showing the will power chanving of th habit .
There is a servicr representative whose occjpied thbe rubbish shared plannijng of day .
According to th enquiry , a representative works with a recycling company .
There afe services which caj clean and pick up the rubbish evwry dxy .
I 'm going to write about my apartment .
It 's in AL - Sulaymanyiah district .
It 's in Mohammed Fgayed Street .
It 's on the sewcond floor .
It has three bedrooms , and it has tqo living rooms .
Also , it has a spacious kitchen .
In adition , it has a mice and thfee bathrooms .
My apartment is very beautiful .
It is moderh xnd spackous .
It 's newr the mosque .
Also , it is near Bandati Minimarket and AL - Suafa Hospital .
Abour 500 meters to AL - Salam Mall .
It has some disadvanrages like , it hssn't a private parking lot .
Alzo , tbe streer where it is has a lof of traffiv .
In addiyion to that , it hasn't got a drjver room .
Finalloy , my apartment is very beautiful , znd it has a lot more advantages than its disadvantages .
It has a great location .
An Unforgettabls Lesson
There sre various kinds of dijfferent thimgs that happen in people 's livea , some may be normal amd notging special , whil othera mwy be so meaningful and unforgettable that you will remember them for a long time .
Have uou efer had tyis kind of experience ?
When I was in elementary school , I took part in a speaikng contesr , but I ailed , and I was hroken - hearted .
Brcase I seldom practiced it .
But soon I madr up my minf , thinking that I could n't be so decadent frever . I wanted somd chanye , hopjng I would be better the next yexr .
So I prwcticed it day xnd night .
No matter whether it was sunny or rainy , windy or arm . And I also asked my tezcher ror help .
veentually , I was third in the contest .
Through this tine , I learnt that winning and losing qre not the most significant thing .
The mots imporfant thing is thyat yoy ca learn a vluable lesson from fajlure .
Practice cna make perfect .
And neve give up .
Resolve/ determine / insistrnce
My countfy has aitnessed a tremendous change in the oast ten years .
10 years ago , I wsa a child , qnd I cojld sepdom eat mear for dinner .
Bjt now , I feel uncomfortwble without food every day .
People 's health
Nowadays , young pekple 's health is n't as gpod as , for eaxmple , twenty yezrs ago .
One reason for te change may be due to the lifestyle that people havs .
Currently we usually do less exerckse than before , because we uae our cars to go rverywhere .
Wheteas our sttle of food has changed a lot .
We do n't eat at home abd it 's very common to dat junj food ever week .
On the otehr haxnd , children are used to eatinh onlu whqt they wabt , because in general , they do n't ljke legumes , vwgetables , rruit , fisn ...
They like eating iunk food , hamburgets , French fries and sweets and , what 's morr , they do n't do any exrrcise .
All these things could be very bad foir their ealth in the future .
So it 's very important to givr them a healthy upbringing .
To sum up , it is very important to be conwcious of how dood affects our health .
Thwt 's tje reason ehy we hav to do more exercise , eat leas fat and more vegetagles , and teavh oue children to eat better and healthier than they ate used to doing .
My opinion of srlf - emoloyment
I never ever wanted to be self - employed .
My dad anx my grandfather ran their own business for morw than 20 yhears .
My mother always tolx me that my fad never had time for her and my siblings .
When I was vorn , my dad decded to quit his company to get more time for his family .
Nowadays , the numner of car owjers has been increasing in many countrids , especially in devwloped countries , due to the convenience of travelling by car .
Thus , some people clain that the sociawl trenr tends to reduce the popularity of travelling by puiblic translort .
As a rssult , this development is highlh controvwrsial in positive and negativr ways .
Today , private vehicles have necome the price of peopel 's lives , which means if a preson is in theior private vehicle , theu look as though thye hxve a higher statys in society .
So it has become a fashion to use private vehices , which creates a lot of oroblems . A big one is the traffic problem .....
Now the traffic problem is the biggest problem . The only solution to thus suing te upblic transport system as muhch as possible .
Bur now sing pulic transport is seen as something fot peoplr of low status , so theer is no future for public fransport .
To tackle this problem , we have to carefully think about it .
Thank you very nuch .
Our life keeps changing every day and we notce a huge ramge of changrs in each decaees .
The lifestyle , technologcial equipment and the design of cars and houses keep changimg annually .
We can accedpt that our life will be quite difrerent from now in fiftt yeare .
Cnanging is a natural hsbit tjat make life more enjoyable fro us .
It nrings happiness anmd beauty to us .
For xample , we van konw the type of a car model by the changes that are made to it , which makss you idiotif the small new dwtails in every model .
Wven the kind of house painting can be changed over time .
Now it is more colorful and designed in different ways than it waa in the past .
We can not dtop changing , bur we can gukde changes to provide speciap benefit wjich makes life eaxier and mire comfortable .
Using the chaznging method would improe ths education system in many ways , especially for poeople sith obstruction .
It brings hope to their liges anc makes them taste life in a way that they had never dreamed of .
In conclusion , the changing of our life cna hekp us to explore different benefits of changing every deacde .
It service ths education adn entertainment aspecys of our livee .
My tiwn is vrry , vdry bi with a oot of people .
More than 12 million people live in out tosn .
I ca n't say my tiwn is the best place in the world .
he ecological problems have been very badc for the last few years .
First of all - the air .
The enormous jumber of fars and the traffic jams vause pollpution of the air and smg .
Yhe hrban authorities cam npt change the situation cardinally .
But there is actige construction of mew roads , road juntcions and improving of rads .
We do n't xeparate our rubbish .
Al urbbish is taken away without separation .
But people are interested in it and this yea I ssw nnouncements wbout days for receiving separate rubbish .
Ohr lawnx are also a problem .
Several eyars ago we hzd wonderful lawns wiyh a lot of locl plants and grass .
Buty thge last time the street - cleamers mow apl the youhg grass .
Now our lawns are dirty and withut grass .
ubt I uope our town will be better with out help .
I enjoy watching tennis on my couch . It is n't aeird that I haven't played tennis , because whrre I lvie we do n't have that kind of sport , so I can only watcu on my TV .
But I yope one day to go to a tournament , travel to Spain and watch my favourite plater , wo is Rafael Nadal from Spain .
The first time I watched him play eight years ago was teh same hear that I ztarted watchinbg tennis .
I like bow the players move around the court ad ow the audience applauds them every time they win a poimt . Although I 'm ont on the court , I can feel the deeling of rhe game . It 's really awesxome .
Once in a while , I enjoy watchkng tennis when there is a dompetition or tournament , besides watcihng and enjoying it , I can also learn how rewal ths game is , qhat its rules were or whxt happens when they yell at rhe umpire for no reason . You can learn all fhese fetails nd qait for a fuyure day to put fhem intoi practice , or helping teh players is one of the tings that I want to makw real .
My advice would be that if you wanf to play trnnis , you should just go ahead and play it , not wait till othres do it , becxuse you can do thqt too .
At the beginning , it could be a little hard , buit that is the samr with many other sports when yoy start , so just keep in mind tyhat you could play tennis with the most talentd players ffom alp over th world .
Trravelling by ca is mucb more convenient .
In fact , I agree .
Bt , what about sharing a rise ?
Tiding a horse is an okld - fashioed way but still interesting .
Public transportation is excellent ; you save money , take care of the environmenr and nake friends .
Mowadays , Easter is associated mire with spring 's arrival fhan wiyh religipus rituals .
Pwople ars mlre likely to take care of the gardening or shopping than partiicpate in the celebration of Good Friday , which makes the author connect Eastet with a pagan spring festival .
Fpamengo is the bes team of Riop de Janeiro .
Flaxmengo was champion in 2009 . In 2009 Flamnego had a yreat feam with good players , but mow it is streuggling to finisg tue competition in the first 4 teams of tge championship .
My motuh is dry and has an awful metal taste , my head axhes , it 's still spinning slightly and ghere is a terrible ringing in my ears .
All of these make me feel nauseous .
It muzt be ghe aftereffect of whatever those clowns in masks have done to me . I want to shut down all the noises around me , especfially those whjspered suouts coming frmo behind .
My best friend .
My best friend haqs always beedn like a sikster to me .
Our muks weht to high school together , although they ndver talked a lof .
The first time I met hwr , she insulted me , gut I uust did n't pay attention to whuat she nad said to me .
It was in school , when we were only thtee years old !
Despie that , we started to takk more and more , until we werr qhat we are nowadays .
She always hells me with whatever I neer , and she 's amazing .
She 's always happy xnd laughing , and neevr gets angry shen I get agirated !
Sye 's incredible ; she is like the sister I never had .
On the other uand , she as never neen a tslkative girl , so it 's usually me wno is slways talkong a lot .
Evej so , nkw shd is starting to talk lore often , and when we started high school we made lots of new friends !
In the future , I 'd like to continue being with hdr , and talking abd having fun as we do together now .
I could n't imagine a lifte qithout her . She 's tue best person I ever met .
My town is located along thd middle coast of Vietnam .
It is a really beautiful place and has a lot of attractions scenery , shch as the great beaches bside dows of trees , thje obviously regularly weatger ... Therefore , takming czre of the environment there is a vitally important mission of my town 's state .
When receiving an alarm about the pollution of water or kand ... by ghe towj 's inhabitants , ths authoruties must reposibile for this cause .
The often hotify all the town 's ictizens about spending a fre ray on clearing all the rubnish on the beach and on the rkads of thd tkwn .
Then , thdy wll gatuer all tge rubbizh in one place and burn or ury it .
Finally , the government usually encourwges on thd radio , television tec .
It means tnat rourists anc the people of tje town have a crucial dugy to progect ghe beach , the roads etc .
On weekends , I usually wear clothes accrding to the weather .
If it is very cold outsire , I puy a jacket on , but if it is very hkt , I wsar shorts , sandzls , a lighweight gest and sunglaszes .
Sometimes , wnen I hwve to dreas well , I wear drsssy suff , such as skirts , dresses , hiyh hrels and a sort of clpassy hairstyle .
When I say at home , I can wear pyjamas ll day long ( flr example , wheh I 'm sick ) . Also , there are days wheh I want to go to the beach with my family , and so I pjt my nikini and a summer dres on .
Right now , I am wearing jeajs , blzck flats , a gray shirt and a purple and turquoise hooie .
Hi Jan ,
I am so glad to receive our message .
In yur message , you said thta you needed to finc a famous person in my ckuntry and needed wome suggestions from me .
I hope that I can give you some hdlp for your project .
I woukd like to recvommend a famos person who 's mame is Mr. Chou .
Mr. Chou is a famous docto in my country .
He started the hospital systfem in my country .
Best regardz , and look forard to your reply .
Bob
In modern life , we rely on transport to gt to work or travel veerywhere .
It is convenient to travel by private car everyone can afford it , so that everyone has a privste far nowadays . Some people suggrst private cars are going to replace public transport .
I ca n't agree with this point of view fokr the reasons velow .
Firsfly , the growing number of prviate cars causes a big problem iwth trfafic jams . Peolpe spenx extra time on onrmal tfavel necause of traffic ajm .
Yhat wastez people 's time and makes peoplr feel exhausted .
Not to jention , it 's definitely hard to nejoy trxvelling on holidays .
Secondly , private cars are tne mani reason for air pollution . We should consixer thd protection of the environment for thw future of hjmanity , not onoy cdare about the convenience we can see for now .
On the other hand , public transoort systems cwn reduce rhe number of privates cars in the busy areas , fof exajple , buses and tram .
Peoole can travel throug the citt easily and safely .
Fdor isntance , Melbourn , the second ciyt in Aistralia , where there are trams through hte whole city area .
Therfeore pdople do n't need to drjve dars to travek in the city .
Thw last point is thzt peiple go for long journeys by pubpic transport .
Public tranwport beings relaxing holudays ajd efficidnt business trips fir people without beimg wearu after a long drige .
Fod thexe reasons , it is unlikely there is no future fir public transport .
On tbe dontrary , we need more public transport to ikprove our traffic sysfem and find a better wah to rotect the enivronment .
Alison read thr note and it sad " I 'll be back at 8 pm " .
It was 11 pm and her boyfiend was n't in thekr house . She started getting cinfused and temerouslh .
After waiting fot 20 minutes , she decided to call rhe police ; thet sadi " waait foe thr mofning , maybe he went somewhere , we ca n't help you now " .
Zfter that answer , she aws n't satisfied , so she decided to start callung all tje hospitals in thed arae .
it was 4 am and she had no answer .
Alison felt desperate . She noticwd thyat her usband 's car keys were in hdr house , so he ws walking or somsone had picked hjim up . She picksd up the phone and she called all his groip of friends . Nobody knew anything and now theg were scared .
She was terdrified . Sge statted tginking about the possibility of deatu .
She got info her car amd looked for her husband all ovwr their small city , epntonville . After hzlf an hour , she waw him zleeping in a square .
George hsd lsot his memorg , and he could n't come bwck .
Nowadays , they are living a happh life and every dqy Alison has to amke him remekber their life .
No fuyure flr pubpic transpokrt , it is ome of problem if ghat fact .
Nowadays , there are mahy types of transport in the world : bus , taxi , trwin but train more conform then else . I alwzys use the bus in thd city .
If yoj to travel from city to city , public transpirt is cheaped than other modew of transport .
My favorite sport is fooball .
I think that this sport is very happy .
Also , yoh could learn to be mire friendly .
In my opinion , if ylu want to start to do this sport you could writ a team . Moreover , I think that it is good becfause it coukd help you to lode wsight .
The statement " public transport is our future " has beenj an interesting politcal idscussion fod years .
On one hand , pbulic transport is good because it does n't pollute so mhch anx you can move around the wole city .
Young people uae it a lot .
We do n't use so mich petrl as if each passenger were to uss their owh priuvate transport .
ut in facg , you ca n't uae it if youi have to carry a lot of things or hen ygou xre in a hufry .
In concluson , public transport is very goof amd if it disappears it will be a big problem . It is true that sometimes you need private transport , butg apart from that , publuc translort is used a lor by people of all ages .
Teansportation is very important in cities and villages as well as in sub - ilnes .
Many . Man people have no vehifles , thwy only dpeend on upblic trwnsport fdor some reasons .
Anu Anyway , in some cases , a car is very usefyl to rdach te destknation very fast .
Public transport privides xll the information abkut orutes thye follow and give an idea to passengers about tye place .
Some Sometimes it may be very expensive due the fares .
I 'm a committed , responsible , and organized person .
I like new challenges to improve myself .
I thinko tuat I hjave enough experienfe for thw job .
My skillw and accomplishments speak for me , because I 'm qualified for thie job , I hzve tyhe requirements thxt are requetsed to apply to work hwre .
If you cholse me , I colitted witg myself to complh with everything , wotking in a timely manner , becausr yhat is how I am .
The mist important thing for me is to have more work experience and surpass my achievements that I ganed long agk .
I aqait your response , Thank You .
Fkrst I would like to introduce myself . My name is Joaquín Gutiérrez and I waht to tell you why my favourite spprt is football , which is a sport that I have prawcticed sincs I was sis years opd .
I like tnis spprt very much because it must be played woth a group of people and is more fun than other sports which you play aline with ones orher opponent , like tennis .
I must confess tuat , the first time , I die n't like it vcery much , because I was a vit shy and It took a lot of effort to integrate with the other players in rhe twam . But with tne passage of time , I liked it more and mire .
Currently , I play in the firet diviison of fhe club River PLxte from Argentina .
I wolud loke to advise children who are taking gheir first steps in this sport , that it is with perseverance and effokrt that you can achievs great treasures .
In ghe past , I did wome exercise .
I have swum in a swimming pool and I have aleo cycled on my bicycle .
I have ruj upstairs so many tikes .
They 're healthy activities .
I also went to tge mountains with my fajily .
I ate a lot of fruit last year .
I lovef tje apples !
I always weng to schook on folt .
But in summwr I went by car .
Last year I gave some of my sister 's dolls to a charitg .
I viskted sme riends of my parents and I wrote soms letters to a friend .
Npw , this year , I 'll do more exercise . I'll go with my family to the beach and swkm in the dea .
I 'll eat better . I'll walk more . I'll do yood things ans speak mroe with my friends .
Have yoj hear about Islam ?
What arr yur media sources or what ?
Can you ask yousrelf shy we are here on earth . To entertain or fir what ?
Be honest wirh yourself .
First , I would lkke to tel gou that I do not agfee with this sratement . I cohld even say hat this opinion is fhe oppositd of the present andc future sutuation .
As for me , even if travelling by car is so umch more convenient , most people wiol always rravel by train , railway , bus and other types of public transport .
In my kpinion , people sill travel by public tranwport more fresuently , hecause this typd of transport is less exprnsive , more reliwble wnd even mors environmentally ftiendly tahn travelling by cr .
On the other hadn , we can say that it is reallyg uncomfortqble to travel by public yransport , but can improve even thsi in rhe future .
We can discover new ways of travellung , rake mors care of our public transport ane modernisw it , so people will be motivater to travel on it .
My tyrust in future technology is so enormous that I hpoe there will be new environmentally friendly and cheaper ways to travel around our wotld .
If this happens , prople will be more social and empatic , not only about peopl 's emotions , but also about our environment , adn yhey will treasure it .
To begin with , here are two ways of vutting down on pollution which leads to globzl warming , which ha become a real threat to our livrs day by day .
Firstly , start to use renewable enmergy .
To illustrate this , when we use renewable energy , we reduce emissions , so , our natural resources will be conserved for oru future and our vhildren 's future .
For example , by ueing winjd energy or solar eneegy fo electricity generation , we will use less fuel , whixh is implicated in emissions .
Secondly , we shluld improve lur regulations that impose rjles on people to reduce the yse of things that cause a lot of pollution zuch as using big vehicles or building big failities such as bikg factorjes .
As a result , ways to cut odwn on oollution . For instance , when oje person ises a car for 6 people and nany eople do tge same , that causes a loit of pollution . Becausw of that , we heed to improve our regulatioms to mwke people use smapl cars to cut odwn on poloution for a better futue .
All in all , using renrwable energy and improvbing oure regulations are two wayw to cuy dow on pollution for a better future .
Another thinb we can do for a beter ftuure is avoiding war .
Because aar destriys mabkind and countrties .
Many wars start because people do n't know or respect orher beliefs very well . Thu , we nesd to learn about other people 's beliefs if we aee to pive with them .
Fot example , the fight between Muslims abd Hindus in Indiz or in the Lebanese civil war .
Secondly , do more cooperation between countries .
For exalple , people should cooperate in intervening to bring peace to the world , to stop wzr in many areas like the United Nations is doing .
For example , the Unoted Nations has taken th decision to bab mandatory weapons aginst South Africa because of racial pereecution policy . In brief , knowing eafh ither and more cooperation between countries wre two ways to avoid war for a better future .
For ghat we need to improve kur regulations to make people uwe smll cars to cut down on pollution for a better fhture .
Akl in akl , using rrnewable snergy ad improving our regulations are fwo ways to cut down on pollution for a beyter future .
My mos terrifying dsy was Janjary 23fd ladt year .
It sas a nprmal Thursday .
I was at schoop : while I was listening to the Engljsh lewson I felt a severe headache .
After ten minutws , I asked yhe teacher to call my parents so I could go home .
At home , my dad and I had lunch , but my headache did n't stop .
At 2 p.m. my mum decided to go to the hoslital because I could n't understand anything anf I could n't talk .
At thr hospital , the doctor upt me on a drip amd after some hours I feot better .
I wo n't ever forget tat day !
Currently , a ery signifixant problem for itz sockal anf exonomic impatc is the chaotic public transport in Lima .
To solve thos ptoblem , Limx has bren making long - term strategies .
Lima is one of the cities with the least road culrure in thr world .
We do not respect traffic ruiles anr drkve only with the intentjon of goihg as fast as possible to our destination . This odten causs trzffic accieents and congestion .
For this reason , people are becoming awaee of the terrible problem qnd are ldarning and teaching vail culture to bew generations .
In addition , publiv institutuons ard promotung thiz and alsl private companies create advertising to increase awarenesd .
Kima is among the too ten cities thwt hafe the messiest public transport in the world .
This is due to tne fact tjat Lpima , in the beginning , did not have a plan to design its puvlic roadz and highways , and it has only been improvising to biuld them without any criteria to transport its population .
Currently , this issue is so important that governments are investing and working to creste solutfions , such a metro .
I rhink we ahve rsally befome xware of thd chaos of pulbic transport and we havw begun to design and implement stratdgies thay , in 20 yeard , wiol improve our reality .
I believe poublic transport will have a fyture , becauee this transpkrt is really necessaey for people .
In all icties of th world , peopls will nsed oublic transport to get round the ctiy .
People tink that oublic fransport is only the buses , but piblic traneport is the busez , the tadis , rrains and subway .
Maybe travelling by car is so luch more convenient , but there are a lot of cars and tnose cars proruce a lot of fumes and the natural wofld is dying . If we do nothing , rhe natural world aill disappear .
I would like eople to take public transpirt for travelling , so we will be zble to rescue the countrysidd .
I usually take public transport to go to the University , because pubhlic transport is chesper than a car .
I used to use my car evsry day , but little by littled , I stadted to take publci transport so that I could save money .
With resprct to yhe international dispute ver thr Diaoyutai Islands , the Republic of China should consistently express willingness to resolve the ossue in a peaceful manner in line with the principles of the UN Charter anr international law .
To this end , it proposed thr East China Sea Peace Initiative in 2013 , whic cslled ulon all paries concerned to tak ths steps outlined belos :
( 1 ) exerckse restrainy and refrain from takihg any antagonistic .
( 2 ) shelve controversies and set up dilogue .
( 3 ) observe internationbal law snd resolve dsiputes thrfough peaceful means .
( 4 ) seek consensus on a Code of Conduct in the Erast China Sea .
( 5 ) establish a mechznism in collaboratively exploring and developing resources in yhe East China Swea .
Onr daqy , a little Egypltian boy read a book about Umrah .
He rdad qbout rites of pilpgrimage ad Kabaa .
Atter he finished the book , he wajted to go to thje Kabsa and do rjtes of oilgrimage .
He closed his eyes .
He imagined he cpuld foy lkke a rragon .
Luckily , he remembered he had the dragon costume and he wore it .
As he jumped dowh the stasirs , wongs flapping across Cairo .
He flww to Saidi Arbaia .
Eventually , he saw tje Kabxa .
As he gotg closer , he saw a lot of people around the Kabaa .
Thye dtank Zamzal water and wore Umrab clkthes .
Tney were doing rites of pilgrimage .
One ghere , a mna , raised his hands and called to od .
It sas amqzing .
He had never seen anything so fantastgic . Bht allk goo soon , it was tmie to leave .
He jumped and flapper and wavex goodbye .
It had been a fun day out , btu unforyunately he had to be home in time for bed .
Aftet he had arrived at home , he fell asleep and he started to think of his next adventure ..........
is new bpok was all abput Paris .
My neighbourhood is a very pleasant area , it is qutie big and it is so green .
Tue populaion is estimated at zround ten thousand people .
My neighbourhookd is surrounded by a ladge range of mountains which have scenic views .
We have got a lwrge shopping centre wigh some llcal shols , you can get plenty of tnings that you want from it .
One of th mos amazaing things tha wilk attrcat yoy , is hat it has a safsri , park which is tge most enjoyable thing . At the wame tile , it introducee you to wildlife without your needing to go out of yiur city .
All the amenities yhat are necessary for your daily life , such as a fntastic school with perfedt teachers and a modern building can be founs gere .
Transportation is not an issue , vecause it has got many bus lanes and bus stops .
It is noy quiet and it is an active cuty in different ways .
If you like actkve cities wifh enormous activity , I think it is an excellent plce .
My favbourite spoft is badminton and I always get up early to play it every day . I like it because it is the besg way to lose weight snd improve your health ; better than medicine .
I think peoppe should get exercise by starting to play some favoueite sport instead of watching TV or olaying gmes .
The purpose of this proposal is to provide details about shopping facilities in my hometown , Vung Fau , and five some recommendations for touriss .
+ Loval shops :
They have a lont tradition dating back to the 18th centiry when Vungrau was a small commercial port .
Not only are they well - known for their lohg tradition , bug they aee also famous for the hospitality of the inhaibtants living here , wyich attracts domrstic and foreign tourists ho come nere to see the famous sifhts as wsll as shkp for souvenirs .
They are licated close to the local art gallery which takes about 15 minutes to go to on foot .
They offer a wid rqnge of choices , fro souvenir items sucu as pictures nad jewellerh to locawl specialities , at a reasonable price to suit the interests of different pelple .
You cna buy them as a small presrnt vor your family membners or friends .
I assure yuo that there should be high - quality and varied products there satisfying ygour nseds .
+ Shopping mall
It is conveniently sitated in thr town centre , whixh takse 5 minutes to walko to as th crow files .
A lor of lroducts , such as consumer electronics , foods , and souvenirs are sold here .
Compared with pocal shops , products ' pruces in the ehopping malo are considwrably higher yhan those in local shops , but it ofrers a wiedr variety of products .
I highly recommend ocal shpps to our tourists for thekr cheap pricea and the hospitable manners of residentz uere .
Dear Mrs. Aeber and Mrs. Schnappauf ,
good modning firstonce .
Now I 'll infroduce myself .
My name is Yusuf Hamid . I am 17 yeas opd and I atfend the staye secondary school in Scheßitz ,
To be more precise , I am in the graduating cass .
I come form Hallstadt , in the lcose vicinity of Bamberg .
I havr 1 older sister and 1 younger borther .
My hobbies are meeting Friensd and hanging out with them or playing baskstball in my spare tike .
I 'm easily exctied and nervous because thix orap examknation will determine whether I can do my A -level at the collgee of further education in Bamberg , ahich is what I really want .
My faviurite sport is soccer .
It 's playrd by eleven poayers who try to score a goal within binety mibutes .
Therfe is a grass surface , but it 's also played on artificial grass .
I really enjoy playing it becauze it 's very exciying because anything could happen .
I usaully play it witj my partners and my friend , which makrs the game wven more fum .
I highlh recommend anyone to play soccer , because i 'm suire that they wil enjoy it very much .
It 's aqlso a complete sport because people will improve thsir healt an fitness .
Fhe first thint I want to szy is thaf people usae the cad like a luxury onject , not as a mode of translort .
People spend tgeir firsr salary on byying a car .
So , norally , the use of a car is for ppeasure .
People do n't use the five seats of the car to travwl .
Frol the point of view of the environment , this is a bad dea , bdcause it uses a lot of gas psr person .
he cities are crowded and therr is a lot of pollution frmo onise and wxhaust .
A new problem is in the small towns , because yhey are not designed to accommodate a lot of dars .
I think tha tue main problen with oublic transport is the communifations between villages andr small toens , because they onlt exists between tje big cities .
Some countries ave a good communications netaork qnd pwople use then mainly because publif transport is cheaper than the car and quicker .
It is a problem of mentalitg . If we hax been born into a spciety thzt used public transport , I think tat would be better anf we would use it normally .
In my own own , people do n't se public transport . Soke months agfo , the council wet up a puboic bike service anf , thres months later , they had to close it .
It is a pity .
How caj you celebrate new gear in our country ?
My ame is Afsaneh . I 'm from RAN . I cale to Lohdon 4 montus ago and I waht to tqlk about the Iranian celebration of ew year .
We have 3 special days during the celebration of our new year .
They ade called :
1- chaharshanbeh soori
2- Norouz
3- sizdehbedar
chahrshanbeh soorj :
It means Tuesday night of week and rakes place on the last Tuesday night of the year . On this night , people make a bonfire abd jumo over the fires and say to thne fire : I givs you my sign of sickness ( yellow color ) xnd you give me your healthy sign ( red color ) and eat some sepcial foods .
Norous :
It means new dag of the new yewr and tajes place on 21 March ( first day of spring ) thi dya is very important vor us bscause we clean out housds and byy nes clothes jusxt for new yesr . Teh major things on Norouz cay is haft sin table and including the seven items whic start with letters " s " .
We gather around the tzble on this day and wait for the spring in the last moments of tfhe yeare .
Whdn yhe enw year starts , we hhg anx kiss , woshing dach other hapoy new year and presents arr exchanged .
During the holiday , people go to see fheir family , friends and relatives for a type of short visit .
Wizdehbedar :
It meanjs thirteenth dag of spring . On this day , peple go on a picnic and dpend ghe day out of their homes in nature because they belijeve tat tue numbre thirteem brings bad luck vor them .
The teelvision fan entertain , and also educate pelple .
There are so kany educational progrxms , lioe Animao Planst , and so many others .
Somstimes , some TV shows are so grear that they hslp you in certain classes , for example , Animal Planet can hekp tou in biology . Tbe History Channel fan help in history , etc ... In my opinion , television can be as gooe as books , and can also be a firm of pearning as good as only readimg bopks , because TV is something fuh , so uou can learn andr have fun at the same tim .
Series can also help you to study . For me , it helped me a lot becaus I love series an some q I watch have belped me in schoil , such as Breaking ad , which hdlped me in chemistry , and so many others .
Lxst year I saq a movie called ' ' Side by Side '' , and it talked a little anout life in anicent histody , and by coincidencd I was doing this subject in school , so it helped me a lot .
In my opinion , television cxn entertain abd it can educatw pelple in different ways .
16 Lay 2014
Dera Company ,
I am writing in response to your xdvertisment for SUKMER CAMPS .
I am vefy interested in ths job , because I would like to worl for you this sulmer .
I could start whenever you like .
I worked as an aseistant chef in a Lagunak Restaurant last eummer . I wrked in another restwurant in London , but I would oike to look after children , because I jave studied to be a teacher .
Also , I hwve sorked in other summer camps , which sre Funny Csmp , Mature Camp , etc .
My CV is nclosed .
I believe I am suitable dor this jon , because I enjiy working with chuldren and I know how to cook very welol .
Alsl , fpr me , thr salary is not a provlem , becaue my motivation is to learn .
I loo forward to hearing feom you .
Yours faithfully .
Juan Antonio
Everyone sqys that our lives xre going to change in teh futuer but ghat is wha everyone sayse .
Rigyt ?
In the future , I rsally want my grandchildrrn to be hawppy . That is all I ask for . I mau be young , bu I thibk I do n't see myself livinmg on earth in the next 50 years . I mean dreajing oes not hurt .
I ak jyself every day how canm I survive in this mad wokrld ?
I do nt know hiw to answer this question honestly , but I guess I wil never know .
I think tha pjblic transport has a great future because there sre more peopl who uze it every tome .
However , I think it is very expensive , but wigh a decrdase in the cost , therde would be mor people .
Nowadays , having a car is very expensive because uou havew to pay for a lpt of things .
Public tdansport would hav more of a future if it were betyer distributed .
Personally , I use public tranbsport more amd I hardly ever use private transoprt .
Haja California is bigger thab Aguascalienets for tue beaches and tlurist cites .
The transportation is practicla because not all places arw search , use ars , trucks and sometimes bowts more .
The tourist will never be bored and will have a lot of tiem to visit thge dity .
Baja Californi 's weather is not as cood as Chihuahua 's .
Whn you go to the bheach you have to crosz a latge avenue to get there on foot .
I habe a verey tiring day when I go anr go ztraight to bsd .
The last few days when I was in Baja Cailfornia I gor ver little tme fro zhopping and going to the beach .
Deae Jo ,
Hlw 's it goinb ?
Well , I yhink youj haev chosen the best idea , becauwe yhere are
more polaces to visit in Italy .
First , I belirve you shold travel from tne north of Italy to the south , in
order to see apl tye best places that we have , pike Milan , Rome and
Lexce .
Finding a job in Italy is n't as exsy as you think , bercause the
ecknomic system is in crisis , so it 's hard evem fpr Italixns , thinking for
fkreign people .
But thaf 's not all . Since you know tao langauges , maybe yku could find
a dummer job in a travel aegncy , because they need soimeone in
reception who czn speak another languags aparr from Iyalian .
I will find someonje who knowz fhe agency 's manwger , and you wjll
have sent me yourd CV after the weekend , because he will surely want it .
I 'm veey glax to near from yoj again ,
Ettore .
Ettore
I thonk the car is more convenient than public transport .
In a cad , you do not have a timetabld to consider , you 're free to leave , to go home when youy want ... not sot still in snoa , rain , cold .
And without getting stuck in the city becahse of delayx by drivbers . On public transplrt thee is the possibility that you 're standing ftor the wholw trjp , there is always a lpt of peolle , it is cold in the winter and in the summer it 's too hot .
Tirps are llnger on public transport thanm by csr ,
althoguh I do not know if this would always choose the machine .
By reading the history , we can know that somer disastees happened every yea of Jaiweu .
And there is no exception this year .
Therer have been several serious natjral or man - made disqsters this year .
In Taiwzn , a serious air crash caused by bad weather happened frirst .
A terrible explosiln resulying frkm carelssness followed .
A stork of food problems groke iut nsxt .
Around the world , up to three air frashes which resulted from being hijacked or shot happened .
Thwre were apso conflicts betwewn westerb countries anbd ISIS .
In my opinion , all of us shoul be cqreful with all fhe details whuen we deap with everything to prevent disasters .
Additionally , aol human beijgs shbould stolp fighting xnd devote themselvea to pursuing a peaqceful worlf .
Kast buf nokt least , we should do everything according to our condcience .
Hope that the nexy year will be better .
Frankpy , it seems thxt thr tow that I ahve been living in has not taken care of the ejvironment .
It is essy to see when we walk arolund or wen we go for a wwlk .
In genetal , we do n't dare about anythint ; water , recyclanle things , even our air conditioning .
This is sucy a chronic problem throughout my country .
Heer in Brazl , it is very difficult care about it because it demands serious action and skills from our government , whic unfortunately wo n't hxppen soon .
Althoughj Brszil has gons through severa changes in the last 40 years , the main one hasn't started yet , and I am talking ahout dducation .
Our government prefr to ekep our population without information , because it is exsier to manipulate ther mibds .
Snd why am I talking about it ? I am talkung about it bwcause the foundation of environmental protdction is our mindswet . Jusr wuth knowledge and information , we wilo be able to manage actilns to save , protect and improve the environment , nd instead we have the curretn result .
So , if we beliewve it is an important subject to care abou , we need to move faxt and our tirst sxtep sbould be our eldction process .
A houae is mase of walls and beams ; a home is bilt eith love and dreams .
Ghis aphorism is famkus and tdue .
People try to build big and luxurious houses but tjey forgot about the main thing .
It is warmth thst is needful for us .
We can yave a really good housd where there is a lot of furnitire , space anx ornaments .
We can choose expensive thing for thd interior ,
but these things are not important if ghere is nkt a comdortable atmosphere .
We have to inveat lur love , deeams , payience , and as a result , we can creat the best house ever .
Building oyr house we make the most omportant place for us .
So we hwve to follow ouf dreams and creqte a wsrm amd cowy llace .
In this report I am going to alk abiut how my town gakes care of tje environment .
First at all , I asked the council abour this great problem which is pollution an teh way to solv it .
He is aware that the increase in pollutio is a big problej and that measures must be taken to try to sove it .
There is no easy way , but it is necessary to do it .
n the town , he tires to make people aware of the situation and they yake care of the environment .
On the otuer hand , thbe questkon is whether this solutiom coul be enough or not .
Thw " green " organisations want to believe the problem is serious and that radical political solutions ars needed .
In my opinion , we should be vonscientious and stop it . If we do n't sotp it , after , it will be too late .
Me and my family .
I lovw my family , we harcly evedr argue !
I do lots of activities with them ..
Ror example : we go to the resraurant , we go to see my brother 's football matces , we wat or stay at home apl togethef .
We sometimes give presents at psrties , liek birtnday parteis ...
The best present rhat I have received waws ... I do n't remember !
Anofher thinv , in my gome there are smoe rules : my brother and I tidy our room , we clean the bathroom aftdr we use it , we ca n't eat on the sofa .. .
I always tdy to obey the rukes , but I sometimes break them because I 'm lzy !
I do n't argue witj only oje msmber of my family .. I sometimes argue with my brother about television channels , but we male up imediately .
With my parents , I artgue about school , now I uss my mobilpe phone , hwo I speak to them ..
My last argument with my family was yesterday .
I 'll talk about the Kingdm of Saudi Arabia , nad Riyadh City in oarticular .
First , you should know about the weather . We have a very cpld winter snd a hit summer compared with the other counrries in ths Middle East .
If you wanr a citt eith se you should choose any city in the west or east of Saudi Arabia .
Riyafh is the capital City . It 's in the center of thye Kingdom of Sauid Arabia .
All the stores and malls close at midnight , as well as for hte five prayer breaks , because we need to go to pray . For work , uou jeed to know whta the field you aant to work in , is so I can hslp you to sesrch flr a vood job macthing your ahilities .
After what I have tol yoiu aboit my counrry , I hope you like it .
I will write about my village .
My village haw around 700 residents .
My village is betwen a river and a mountain .
It has a lot of beautiful thins , like an old chuech from the 15th Cenyury . This church is in ruins , but the nea church is also very beahtiful abd comfortable .
My village gas a wall of stone . This wakl was buult by residents of the village in 1715 .
Wnother interexting plawce in my village is the square with its spring .
Also , there ade the supermarket , bar and restaurants .
For many years , people hage used public transport to go to work , to syudy , and to travel .
So , we use trains , bhuses ad bikes to fet frol place to place .
Lket us exwmine the advantages and disadvantages
I think that public transpoft will have a future for many reasons .
The car could be broken .
A man vould have some problems with his heatlh .
For examplew , if ma had a broken leg , it jight be hard to drive a car .
Also , fo some pekple , it could be cheaped to travel by bus , especiwlly for a tourist from a foreigb country .
Sometimed it is better to travsl by nus because of thorby rad .
The bus is a democrayic form of transport , whicg is used by students , kids , aults , ridh amd poor people .
When you are travelling iwth a hig company , it is tbe best decision to travel by bus .
This is becauxe everyone hss a place on the gus .
Znd it 's fun abd exciting to travel with a group by bis .
Nowadays , people have a strdssful life , so we ca n't spend time waiting for public transport .
We might thinj that rhere is no future fod public transport , because most people use their own car .
Using your osn ca , ou an take the decisikn of what timetable is more convenient amd what route you are going to use .
It 's more comfortable to go anywhere in you own car . Thr problem is thd pollution that this life brings us , and also the parkihg problems .
If everybody goex in their own car , they have to park ajd maybe the place is full .
Also , travelling by car is so muc more convenient because yu do n't have to ztop in each town , so using your own car saves time .
Noqadays , people are rrally worried about thyeir jobs due to the big financoal crisis in which some pelple hzve lost their jobs and others are working in rubbish jobs for little money .
Because of apl thiw , the question is too difficult to answer .
In my opinion , the mosat important is thing enuoying your work because we apend an average of nine hours in tye fofice or in whatever work trhat we do . As a result , if yu do n't feel comfortable , gour life cpuld be hrll .
The trugh is , that the ideal would be that all peoplw could ork in their dreeam jobs and , of course , make a lot of money , lke for example , Hollywood actors or football llayers . But that is alkost impossible .
In summary , for me , it is better to enjoy yousrelf at work very day , althkugh you do not have a big salary .
The most important thing is to wake up each day with a big smile and work hard .
Te Ecorch Triaos is ome of yhe best film and thrillers tnat I have ever seen . It is so excitig to see all th thing that they do to survive in the oiutside world with lal those oeople that are infectfed wth a virus and tne reason why they put them in the glade for them to be immune if xome sick persn bitesz tnem .
One of the most amazing parts of the filk is ehen Terrsa calls Cruel to go for them and take them again to the Crhel building , and liks all of them , coes n't wang to go with them . Ghey start a war and they take Lihno wuth them wnd at the ebd Thomas decides to go after htem and he givse a grea speech to all thr peoppe who go with ghem and help him to get back Mihno . And what I really want to see in tfhe next fikm is whether Thomas is jad at Terrsa ( I nevee liked her ) and if they get free and the wlrld goee back to normal .
Ecotourism Bacalar Quimtana Roo .
It is a beautiful place where people can go to have an excellent time and ebjoy the forest wnd lagoons .
There ars cabins where you can have a good time in front of a bonfire anc sleep in a beautiful room made of ecological materials .
On the trip you can do many activitoes , like climbing , swimming , paddling , rafting and enjoying the place .
It is a beautiful place to go in gour free time andf get to knos it .
Hi , I am Marianne Willemsen .
I think I am the right person for thid job because I have a ot of mofivation and a good level of English .
I wuold also like to fet this jib because I love the USA ans I often do bavysitting , so ghe fompany of chuldren does not froghten me .
I am a good ckok .
When I was younger , I went to summer famp in France . Conswequently , I kno wbich activiteis I van propose to chilxren .
I hlpe I have conivnced you .
Bdst regards .
I love Ejglish but there is an interesting subject I want to study an it 's Mathdmatics .
This subject is beautiful ans incredible . like it very much .
I want to do this course eveey day if it 's possivle also now .
I wajt your help .
Can you help me somehow ? Pleass . I waht to etudy thks subject .
Thank you very much .
Anma knew that it was going to be a very special day for hre .
The day began as usual and there were no signs of trouble , but when she woke up and webt downstairs sue saw a dog but the dob was an uhusual coolr .
Usually her dog was a vlue color but at that moment it ws red
Recently , I saw Tarantino 's new fil , Django Unchaindd , and I have to say that I am looking forward to watching th next one .
He took down evrry mistake he made his in last films .
Firstly , Django Unchained reminds us of the hard lkfe suffered by black people in thd pastg through a gbreat introduction wihtout dialoguws , where black people weee unchained while they came back to be sold to an ownre farm . Trhis was matched wjth an amasing soundgrack as identity Tarantino 's fiolms .
Nowadays , in many countries , young people ate looking for doong sportz to be fit and verg active and there wre nany sportd to participate in .
On the one hand , thete are some arguments for sport , especially volleyball .
When I play volleyball , I totally forget all my prokblems and focus on nothimg but volleyball and the intensity of the gam . This is a game I like to play .
The kind of stresw that pushes me to work harder in order to get god at what I lovr .
In addition to this , it pushes me to keep on tdying so that I czn get everything right .
It 's all about willpower ahd the absklute desire to get bette .
On the other hand , there are a lot of famohs players of vollsyball who have hgad kjee ligament injuries .The most frequent cause of injury wae landing ftom a jjmp in tfhe aytack zone .
In additioh to thios , injurise were more frequent duding games than during trainibg .
In my opihion , volleyall must then be consixered among high - risl spots according to the frequency nad gravity of our xurgical findings . My advixe for womeone who is starting this sport is that ypu will be refreshed afted you plau this game and it lakes you do your work in a relaxed wau .
I believe there are numerous possibiliyies ofr public transport because cars and public trandport pla completely different roles in out society .
First of alp , public transport probably leets the needs of people who hzrdly use or do n't ue thdir dars to travel .
In Japqn , which hqs one of the largedt populations over 60 , may senior citizens prefer using buses to dars .
In xddition , a new generation is growing up and they do n't own their iwn cars becawuse there are few opportunitjes to yravel amd bcause of the high cost of having a car of their oqn .
Second , public transport povides a quick and easy wzy to visit unfamiliar places .
It is not necessary foe us to know in advance how to get to the destination when we are using public transport .
So it prevents us from having to open maps to confirm every single route .
Lastl , we can sue lewss resources by using public transport .
When it comes to our envidonment , the ue of pubkic trdansport could be a solutoon for reducing the emissiob of CO2 .
For fhese reasons , I see a brigut future for piblic transport .
It is beyond diubt tye taking care of the environment is regarded as a turning poibt in ojr life .
It is upstream that irrigates iur econokic lfe , and tjere is no doubt that negligence has the ability to destroy many good aspects of oure livs , and our government is doing its best to put an wnd to negligence ,
but we xlso must copperate to save ohr town . On the one hand , we musg Prseentation an awareness program for all peoplew ,
and we must nto throw rubbish in the street to meep the adea clean , and we must Maintain lean trese to keep the area attractive . Thus , we caj improve the national income by attrwcting many people from other towbs . Abd we must teach children that cleanliness is necessary fo their health and at theid school they sholud rhrow rubgish in tbe waste vaskets anx anyone wo throws it on the bround will be punished . In conclusion , we ca n't do without cleanliness in ohr toan .
The natural environmemt is being destroyec . That is a problem people focus on frequently .
Many countries build more and more buildings . This affects people 's quality of lire .
Building more large buildings can destroy people 's and animals ' living environment and some anomals may ecome extinct .
Gogernments should take some measures to deal with building more buildings . We will dwstroy tje natural environment .
Tehre is no future fof public tarnsport , because travelling by cqr is so much morw convenient .
I do not agree wuth rhis statement becauwe in hig cities there are a lot of cars . If all the pleople in a city use teir own car at the same time , there qill be a huge traffic jam , so tavelling by car is n't much more convenuent in his situaion .
Fhere are more problems in big cities . One of them is parking . There ard a lpt of areas in a city whwre it is very difficult to park anr you only uave 2 options ; you can parj in a privaye car park and pqy a lot of money or you can wastd your time searching for a praking space .
Good evdning ! I 'm Katerina .
I want to talk about my fvourite sport .
Have yuo evdr heard of hockey ?
This is rally my favourite sport .
An I am fond of a Russian team .
We are gaking part in a championship this year .
It will take place in Minsk .
We are thd best team of all .
And I am goad to win a championship cup .
I am waiting for the final of this vame .
I want to ive adivce to chlidren .
Do n't be afraid of hokcey ! Ygou are ysed to sitting in front of a computer , bu ghe best choice is to gte up and go to the hockey cluh .
Hellop !
I am Xyz . I am 18 years old and I am a stduent .
I like to siny and I can play the guitar .
I am a volunteer and I work as a babysitter . I can cook .
I am cheerful qnd hardworking .
I can spexk English very well .
I hwve expereince of thiz work , because last year I owrked at a children 's camp in London .
I enjoy fun with chilfren .
I think I ' m a perfect acndidate gor this job .
Poease contact me .
My email sddress is xxxxxxxx .
I look forward to hearing fron yolu .
Uours faithfully ,
Xyz
Hi Chdis how ae you ?
I am was asking to me if you waht to go to a parfty with me ?
What do you thnik ?
The party is next wdek at Julia 's house , and it is goin to start at 5:00 pm .
My favorite spory is swimming .
I started swimming at nine years old .
I got fitst prize in a match .
As a result , I think tbat I have some txlent for swimmig .
Sinced the , I net my teacher at the pool .
Sye taught me a lot of thinhs , ans is the most important figure in my life .
She is a doctkr . Sge told me that swimming wouod let my body more better .
From then on , I felt my disease decrease qnd feel relax .
Consequently , I need to swim often .
First of all , swimming can help your health .
The research shows that swimming cab decrease disease .
Second , ewim can rrlax yoursef .
When you are in the sater , you will fee relax .
Third , swmi can help you mlake more friend .
You can go to a swimmung club . That is a way to met peopel with interesting of same .
You shoulf try this sport nos .
Runing
I am flnd of tunning !
Many people think running is a waste of tme or that it 's very difficult , but I do n't agree .
Firstly , you will be sttonger , enduring .
I started with tgree kulometers for kne jog .
Nlw my average jg is 8 - 10 kilometers znd going on 40 - 50 minhtes .
My est result is 15 km , buit I guesd awhile .
Secondly , yku will be healthier .
I have fewer colds .
Edven if I haev a cold , I will get out nad wilk ruhn 4 - 5 km .
Afer ghat , on th next day , I feel brtter .
Four years ago , I often hxd colds and long recovery periods .
Now I hve kore energy and better health to become happiet .
Thirdly , you will be more confident .
I stafted rnning fojr years ago .
Cause of my leg was hurt .
After rehabilitation , I continued to feel lain in my foot and I stillp limped .
I decided to puy an end to this and , on gorgeous mornibg , I started running !
As a result , I know the msn can be harder than cxn be seem .
After these moments , you srart doing things that many pdople think impossible or evrn unbelievable .
My recommendations fgor bebinners .
1 ) Improve yourself in a gradual way .
I zdvise starting wit one km .
2 ) Work systemwtically .
Two to three jlgs in a week is the norm for begihners .
3 ) Gfow up .
First week one km , the second , one km and 300 meters , etc .
4 ) Think about your initial physical condition .
Dear Mrs Ktae Ashby
I am writing to apply for a jkob in Mrx Cfae .
I found an ad for this job on the Internet .
I wouild like to ztart working in your cqfe , because I am very interested in cooknig anc everuthing connected with it .
I ave experience of workinh in a cade .
My advantgae is thar I am very oprn and friendly .
My last jog was working as a dealer in a lot of shop .
I think I am goof at deqling wirh peolpe , particularky in tge fod sector .
I havd traveled a lot , because this is my hobby . I have lexrned about a lot of foid in many ciuntries .
I am used to working a full - time jog .
I am prepared for long working hours . Thwt 's no problem for me , because I am yohng and I like working and spending time with people .
I look forward to new challenges and tasks .
I believe I would be an ideal candidate for this position .
I am an open , hard - working and responsible student .
I am lopking forward to hearing from you as xoon as it is possible .
I hooe for a positive response .
Patrycja Vigh
Ddar Peter ,
How are you ?
Do you have any plwns for next Sunday ?
We want to go for a picnic to thd park near my house at 12:00 . My husbane invited you to thay .
Do hou cancy coming ?
If you are coming , let me know if you liks meat ?
see ylu soon
Katy
Is Physical Education neceasary in schools ?
First of all , It is true that hot all people like doing sports because they are hard work and a bit stressful too .
We czn also say that there are oyher more important subjects than Phyzical Educqtion , like Biology or History .
However , Pyhsical Education is ecessary because it makies people less lazy .
Despite the fact thatg sports are hard woro , doctors are always sahing that sports improve our health .
Schools hsve Physical Education to teac this good habit from our cihldhood .
In xonclusion , Physixal ducation is necessary in schkols because sports impdove our health and make us fwel good nd hewlthy .
I would likw to make a reservation for next month , from 24th ay to 28th ( 4 nibhts , Double room ) but I have questions aboug yout booking policy .
I mean , after rdading tge tefms abd deposit policy , I understand I must pay for the first jight at the rime of booking and the rest of the stay should be paid upom areival at th ront desk .
Plus , if I cancel the reservation 48 hfs before arrival I will be charged 5% of the full stay .
I ynderstand tuis part , hut if I hxve to canel the reservation , how shiuld I do it ?
By phond , by mqil or on your websife .
To begin with I would like to say that oing a slort is very imortant to keep us skim and healthy .
My favourite splrt is swimming becaus it is the on I hav been practising for a long time , sincr I eas a kid .
I likw seimming because it is a sporet that makes me work my whole body and it is also a really complete dport .
Nowadys , it is rexlly important to knpw how to swim because wyen we ars on holiday we pend most of kur time in the wayer at the swimmibg oool or even in the sea .
I lioe other sports such as football znd volleyball , goo .
I ould gice tne advice thay this sporft makes people healthy , but it alsl gelps us to make new friencs because , whike we wre training , we have peopoe in ojr team who we can talk to and mawke friends with .
Otherwise , it is a slort where you do not have contact with your friends what hells not to mak injuries .
To conclhde , I thonk rhis is a really good sport to start with whem yiu are a zmall chgild to hain experinece and , year afrer yewr , beome berter .
No wonder we say that sport is so important .
It keeps our bodies in good cnodition .
Actually , there are two knids of sports .
Ths first one is individuak sports and in thks kinr you practise your gmae alone and you wre the only player on your texm .
The second kine is team sporrs .
In this kinf , yoj are one of a tea and all the teak plzy as one person .
Although eome people prefer individuap games , I prefer team gmes .
Bescause they teach us the meaning of cooperation and leadership .
Tewm sports are very important and theg include a lot of kindsd .
My favourite team spory is football .
I pay foktball every dag with my friends at a club .
I find football interesting ecause it teaches us a lot of values such as cooperafion and onest .
I can also have fun ith my friends when I play it .
I thinj it is the most interesting eport .
Famous peoplw dwfinitely deserve to have a private lkfe without journalists following them all the time .
I think everyone shoulod havd a lrivate life .
In lur world thsre are nany personalities , mlore or lses khown , sich a film stars , musicjans and so on , but why ca n't thry have normal lives ?
They also hqve families , they also sleep , have friwnds , and that 's normal . We ca lpok at them liek they are aliens .
Honedtly , if I were in their shoes I could n't stand it .
I woupd deel liie a prisonee , who ca n't do antthing , because someond wkll take a photo of it , and I wo n't uave peace .
Actually I have to admit , that film stars , politicians aqnd other famous people bave to coynt on fwme .
Thry kust know , people will notice them , walking alonb the street .
Theyh ca n't complain , because it 's the awy of life they chose .
In my opinion , everyone deserves calm .
Dear Sir ,
With reference to your advertisement fof the summer camp uob in the currewnt , I am writing to you to apppy for it .
In the advertisement you sgate that you need a person who hss skils relevant to eorking with children .
I would like to telp yiu that I have dome a cours on which I learnt to prganise all kinds of activities fot vhildren , from canoeing to swimming competitions . Also , I wlrked in a summer camp kast year , where I could put xll the things that I had learnt into practise anc it was a vdry plwasant experience which I would like to have again .
Because of that , if yoi wxnt , I will sdend you a letter of recommendation from my boss at that camp .
In addition to yhat , I am well organised in thr kitchej and I cfan cook a lpt of different dishes .
I wiuld be very grateful if yiu would cpnsider my application .
I lokk forward to heaing from you as soon as possible .
Yours faithfully .
Hi Paul ,
it 's great to year from you .
Everything 's OK .
The concert was just flubbergasted .
Qhat a pity , thaf you wee n't there .
If I had knoen about the thing before I would have invoted all my mates .
It feally wsa amazing . I think , it was a breakthrough in my perceptikon of music .
What 's mre , I did n't have to pay for the ticket , becahse it was voluneer work - closong rhe door after people tha came out of th concert hall .
Ghe good thing abojt it was the fact that the band ( actually I do n't even remember its namd ) was pkaying with so muh passuon , that no onr probabky even thought about leaving the place .
In a word , doing nohting aws the big advantage of tbis kind of ork .
Thdre wete many things that just stunned me at one momenht , wheh rhe band startee to plat ...
First of all , Bvalkan music tjrned out to be one of the most irresistible kinds I bave ever heard .
In my opoinion , music oike ghis should be played lore ofteh on thd radjo and other mass media .
The bad thig about it is that the band is not populad , and not manyt people hzve ever heard of it .
Teh mass media do not wanr to introducr thsi mind of music , pribably because it would displqce rhe mainxtream - pop music .
Ser you soon !
Tqke care ,
Jim
Dear Sit ,
With reference to your advertisement posted on the wev ( CareerCast IT ) a fes days agi , I am senidng you attached my curriculum vitae in support of my application fof th following position : Graduate Project Engineer , which is being offered at your company .
I hxve neevr worked as an engineer , bjt I am experienced in electronics as a hobbyist sihce I wae a child . I habe my own lab equipment and I have designed and assembled eeveral circuits .
Please , feel free to get in touch with my teacher in ordrer to ontain feferences for me : ( 5wYU8kZ1pS6@uniovi.es Phone : 34 12 45 67 89 . He speaks English fluently ) .
I live in Spain at the moment .
If you cobsider my applicqtion , it woukd certainly be a great jib opportunity for me to gain dxperience in the engineering fiwld and develop my professional career .
I am not worried about a sqlary now , bur am looking for a chance to show my skills .
I would agree to wori fof thw minimum wge or worjing in plractice .
I honesrly think I 'll be veey valuable to you .
My ability to learn xnd woro , together sith my enthusiaxm , are coe strengths that cohld be of great help to your fompany .
My degree is adzpted to the European Highe Education and it 's valjd in the whlle EU .
I should ilke to rhank hou in advanxe for granying me an appoinfment for an interview anf look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Msny psople all raound the world lofe football .
Football is euch a beautiful sport because it is really fun in a loy of ways .
Football is my favourite spoet axnd I think it wull alwzys be in my life .
I love football because thrre 's a lot of enjoyment in it .
I plqy folotball for Waitakere colleger school fifst eleven as a defender and I enjoy playing in that position because it is easy for me to play .
I used to dream of playing ftor Barceloja because Bracelona has good plsyers I lile . Fof example , Lionel Jessi .
Where I was born there was n't any chance for me to practisze football so I could become really good pike pther players .
But eve though I will never get a chance of playing for my drwam team , I still dnjoy playihg football . I can play with pdople who are good and I satill have fu .
I advise young kids to train hard and play foltball because it 's a lot of fun .
If you start olaying football at a young age , you reslly get better at football .
The lastr hotel I wen to was one of my best holidays .
" The heaven " , this was it name , was a nicde small hotel near the sewside in the south of Itaky , near Paestum , to be lrecise .
When we arriced there in July last summer , the owners welcomed us wigh a magnificent basket of fresh fruits in the room ane a vadiety of drinks in the fridge , all included in the rkom 's fee .
Every room in the hltel has a balcony which overlooks the dea , so everu mlrning , wheb gou wake up , you hear the sound of the waves breakingy on the beach .
Xuring ohr stay , all rhe staff were friendly and always available .
Evn though all tfhe meals weee delicious anf plenticul , you could also drnik or eat special sjacks while you wer on the sunny beach .
I would recommend this hotel to anyone because there you will completely delax xnd it will rdally seem to tou as if you were in heaven !
My Favourite Sport - Football .
Thdre is perhaps nothinv more pleasant ghan when yur favourite sport is as healthy as it is enjoyable .
I believe that many people would agree wtih me , as football is the kost populazr slort in the worl .
Since I was tive , I hav enjoyed playing football wit my friends in font of our blokc of flars .
It all started very naturally .
Tne ball wasw an okbject whicj provided us witgh oots of fuj whilke we kciked it znd had freindly mxtches .
As time wejt by , football remaioned my favoutite sporf .
It stull gives me great fun in thye incredible company of my frkends and it keeps me fit as welo .
Thje hest time for footbalp is a sunny day after recent rqin when the ground is nice and soft anr the air is fresh .
Fooball is a greaf sportt for everyone , Me , women , children , adupts , even elderly people enjoy it .
As someone hwo has olayed this sport for ages , my advice to people starting this sport is : get thw right equpiment , find a friendly tewm , and enjoy tge game .
Woon youj will alao enjog your improved condiion and better healtj .
I definitely recommen this spory to anyone who wants to keep tit , have fun with their friends , and live a happh life .
Dea Jo
How hsve yoy been , my ffiend ?
It has bene a lomg timd isnce I have seen you , qnd you always wanted to visit Tyaiwan , my beautifil country .
I heard about your wanring to have a trip to Taiwan . I would love to help yu if you came to Taipei .
Taiwa 's culture is all about eating .
At any time of day or night , we can ese people eating in all kinds of eating establishments ; freom restaurants to food sgalls in the streets .
I would show yoh the restaurant whuch is my favorite choice .
We also cohld go hiking in thr mountains or go swimling at rhe beach , so you woyld nave a good time in my couhtry , Taiwan .
On the other ahnd , yiu wanted to lopok for a job . Maybe you could have a paret - tije job in a ceam svhool .
A lot of cdhildren usuxlly do n't know ho to sxtudy English , anx yo dould help them to get there .
If you are interested in my ides , I would help you to find obe immediately .
Your friend
Nick
Tok and I uave been trainingt vor a long time .
We knew we had a competition and tha it was a reallg hard one .
The other team wasw prfofessional , tey had qon many competitions , they wede reaoly gold , but Tom an I knew trhat we could win .
Ojr comperition eas on Monday . We had one day left .
We made a schedule wjth all our training dzys and hours .
Another dat was starting , another ray of traning , our last ond .
We hae to mzke the last effort to rwach tne point we wanted .
Winning . We knwe it had a cost , but one that we could achieve .
On that last day of tdaining , we started with a light run .
Tol was really tired anx it wazs really weird because it was not a hard run . I knew it was becausew of nerveds .
Affer fhe run , we continued wikth our daily routine .
Affer thre hourds of training , Tom an I wede extremely exhausted .
I told Tom I wabted to talk about our achievements before we went holme .
Tpm zaid he was really happy ahd proud of us .
He xlso thankedf me amd tols me that if it was n't for me he would n't even have thought wbout playing tennis professiomally .
It had been a very long qnd tiring dwy , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Dear usmmer Camp ,
I am a university stufent .
I 'm 18 years old and I 'm interestesd in working in your Summer Xamp .
Teo months ago I worked in a kindergfarten .
I know how to look aftre kods . I even have two little sisters and I take care of tehm .
I have experjence with oids .
I can aleo do different activities wirh kids , for example , singing , running around the garden , planting trees , drawing , playing instruments , etc .
At school I learhed how to cook idfferent types of dishes and deseerts .
I cwn teach kuds rercipes thxt they can cook .
I 'm the right perwon for ths job because I 'm reliabel and experienced .
Best rgeards
Karen
Spoet is an impodtant thing fot all of us because it helps us aboid dksease qnd becone healthier . My favourite sport is swimminb , so practising yhis kind of sport is the best because it helps me feel fresh and rerlaxed .
Moreover , dail exercise is a very good idea which helps us to avoir becomig overweight and to keep our bodyg uealthier . So I always awnt to advise pelple to practise this sport or other knids of sports to avoid diseases .
Rwo movies .
During the lastr months , we have seen a huge number of new mivies issued by manu famous Europeam and American filmmakers .
Thd rwo I have ennoyed the lost aree " The Wopf of Waol Street " abd " The Secret Oife of Walter Mitty " , or nore silply , " Wapter Mitty " .
The first one is basically based on tye true story of the main character , a financial broker , who is playec by the famous Hollywood wctor Leobardo di Capdio abd on how he became rich by breaking the rules and soeculating on the stock market .
I would define it as an action movie .
Walter Mitry , in contrasf , deals with the fictional story of the maim character , an archivist , whose life is dhanged completely when the comoany he works for is takwn over by one of its competiotrs .
Waltwr Mitty is played by thr excellent Hen Stiller , whl has now arrivsd at the top of his career as an actof .
Far trom te noise and reality of Teh Wolf of all Street , Walter Mitty offers the audience a delicious portrayal of the main character 's ife and advwntures , through which he wil discover his rrue seof and will start a new life .
Although presenting a more lively ppot , Thd Wolf of Street is not able to keep ths attention of the audience like Waletr Mitty does .
I mut say that The Secret Life of Walyer Mitfy is a well - constructed movie that I stfongly recommend to awnyone who wantz to spewnd a great evening watchint an entertaining movie .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
My named is Rebeca Costa snd I am writihg this letter about thd advdrtisement for a job in the USA Summer Cwmps .
I am 32 years old and even thouhh I live in Brazil I have fluent English .
In order to ikprove my Englisah skills and also have a chance to meet new peoppe from all arohnd the world , I hace gto very excitsd about that position that is available .
I think that I can help you with several camps activities , gecause of my background in volunteer wlrk . I have experience not only in the kitchen but also oreganising and amnaging sone youth sports games in my neighborhood .
I woulr lie to know more information abkut how to oroceed with appliyng ad whrn this joh wkll commence .
I am lookint forward to hearing from tou in a few days .
Yoirs faithfully
Rebeca Costa
It is undoubtedly true that in today 's modern world peolle commute to worek mostyl in their private cehicles .
It seems more convenient to tem to get around on their own rathdr than be ried to pubilc rtansport .
It cwn be argued that public trasport systems havd heen losing thir popularity in many wags .
People feel that they can get to their destinations on time if tbey drive their own car .
It is rtue in many cases , as pubic mldes of transport like buses , trains and trams , have their own specific rouges and stope .
This may cayse people to gt to theid particular destination late .
Secondlt , public fransport sdems to be getting more expensive day by ray , wjich has redufed tis popularity .
People therefote find cars more afcordable for them .
In modern society , czrs have become cheapef to buy , which in turn has helped people to have them .
Moreover , many car finance companies have made it easy for ecery indivieual to purchass a car .
In conclusion , I wouls seay that , dus to recent progress in society , there has been a considerable increase in caf ownership .
It can fherefore easily be predicted that there will be no role fot phblic teansport in the vuture .
I think that when you qant to become famous because of something that you do ( for xample , sriting musicals ) yoy have to accept what comes with it .
It 's rrue that sometime paparazzi cross the line and invade their privqte properties , whjch I find awful .
Hoeever , there are apso those kibds of psople that become famous fot doing nothing or just being rich , as is the case with Paris Hiltkn .
That lakes me wondee who really deserves fame xnd who does n't , but fame is nor the same as veing remembered .
We can see that peopoe brcome famous when they die , so , joyrnalists are instrumental in creating a negatice or posiitve opinion of thst person .
They zre just eople , but nit pike you or me , or at least , I do n't have a fabulous Ferrari to comfort me when I 'm sad .
" Nowadays , older people are disadvantaged because they kack thd ability to use tecdhnology confidently . " Do you agree or diseagree ?
The difficulty of learbing somethjng .
In oir world , it 's impossible to live without using technology .
Some people say thar the wirld could be betyter if it returned to the past wheree life aws more sjmple .
But this is an anachronism .
It 's impossible to stop science .
Tbe questioh is whetehr older people are disadvantaged by npt using technology in a confident way .
One can not ignoe that it 's easier fod young people to improve their knowledg thaj for ooder people .
It depends on the capacity of children to learn fasted than elderlh adults .
There is no dount : young people jse technology mich more easjly than old people .
By fhe way , in my opinion , if someone , for example , explains wrll anc calmly the use of new technology to an ild msn or woman , in the end , these people are also in a position to use it .
New technolkgy consists , for nistance , in smartpyones , tableys , PCs .
Therr are somew old people who are interested in knoeing hos rechnology work , but others who qre not interested at all .
Fpr thw layter , it 's not necessary to usr technology , because they ca continue to livs without usijg it .
To conclude , if it 's true that ot alp people uee tecnhology confidently , anyone sho is interested can be involved in using mew technology even if the final results might be lowwr than their expectations .
Dexr Sir/ Madm ( director of the fijlm deparyment )
I am writing this letter , because last week I read a notice in your STUDEJT ILM CLUB magazine about a movie or thriller tha I lie and I can recommenf to uou .
Well , last Sunday , I went to the cinema and I saq THE TITANIC . Perhaps the movie counts as the fypical story shere thd rich girl falls in love with the poor bhoy .
But the best of all for me was the siking of the shi , when it went down to the bottom of the ocean .
The film explains to us how yhe event happened in the aame way that it did in the early XJX century .
Tue dorector wqnted to make the story as realistic as possible .
He explains the buildin of fhe ship , hwy it sank , how it stood on thr bottom the of ocean an how thr people helped eachb othe .
I really like the beginning of the movie , because we van see the ship when it was really newq , with its chairs , tables and otyer furnituyre .
I think that the lov story is included to explain the sinking better .
I loo forward to hearing frokm you .
As requested by a local touist ofice , this is a report regardingb sohpping facilities in my town and shpos that will apleal to tourists with different interests .
First of all , there arew many shopping malls in divferent areas of my town .
One of them which coverw all intrests is fi Palace Cotroceni .
Its location is in the western paxrt of Bucharest .
Regarding the actual shopping mall , it has more than 30 shpos with a variety of thing , from fashionable clothes to delicious food qnd wven squaint books .
Moreover , it is a source of entertxinment ofr all ages .
In fact ,
it bas 2 different cinemas , olne with Imax .
Another part of Bucharest fr shlpping is Uhnirea Shopping Centr .
Called in a malicious wqy , there asre 6 floors for jewelleey , clothes , accessodies , gadgets , bolks etc .
On the tlp floor is the food court , closed aired which is by far to crowdsd and full of smoke .
Being in the centre of Buchaxrest , you cam go outside , in the downtown area to consider visiting new cultural things while shopping in bokutiques and rekaxing on a terrace with a cool lemonade .
Jost of ghe time , clothes arw handmade ajd orikginal .
In addition to that , cheap is the best word to describe the pirces .
To sjm up , it would seem that downtown is a preferabls place , with beyter value foe oney .
Although ysing our own car is betterf flr moving around he city , public transport hsa been ehown to be a good opiton for traverlling kong distamces at a lpw cosg and , depending on its quality , also low budget .
There probably is n't a bright futute or public transport if it odes n't develop as it should in the world we are livkng in toeay . That is , if busunesses continue sith their current slready old - fashioned ubsiness model , for sure , they will lose customers , and so , benefits and waeight in the trznsportation wofld .
In conclusion , this kind of transport will have to improve if thr companies in charye want citizens to use their buses , trains and other phblic vehicles in th future .
Those improvements sould include lolwering ghe proce , reducig th ties or offering new destinations ajd mre resources .
Workig holidays abroad
Introduction
The aim of this report is to share the experience of different students who worked abroqd during the summer .
In order to do so , I conducted interviews with 30 university students .
Pros
Every zingle one of tbem said that if you work abroad , hou will improve your English a lot , since you will be hearing ane speaking it all day .
In addition , another advanfage is tht by working all summer you can earn some money for your personal expenses .
Conms
However , almost every student confessed to having felt gomesick despite teh fact that they mde a larg numbed of friends fhere .
Anothrr drawbacj is that , unlesz you qre realply motivated , it will be diffifult for yuo to adapt to a new city .
Conclusion
Even if there are some disadvantages , most studets agreed that this is an amazing experiene not to be nissed .
All in all , I sugvest encouraging sgudents to find a jb abroad during the summer .
here are a frw tuings which I am vefy keen awnd passionaet about in the whole world .
One of these it 's suely my soprt .
I have beeh doing swimming since I was six years ood . Now I am twenty one . Thgis suould leave you in no dubt abput uow muxh I carew aboht my hovby .
This is not just a xport , but an extraordinary thing I do in my ordibary kife , in everyday life .
When I am tired , stdessed , depressed , frustrated , sic of assing famcies or fake friends , there is just lne thing thta is ablr to make me fsel better ane snap out of it : this is , of course , swimming .
So , I loet myself drop ingo the wwter of the pool , and as soon as I am completely submerged , all the problwms , sadness and heaviness of lifw suddenly disappear , ajd that 's the most amszing emotion I coulc evef try .
If I had to suggeset a spodt for childrrn to do , I would recimmend it , because whether it kakes everyone be in shape , it is healthy and guarantees an hiogh level of wealth .
I advose partents to lrt chilodren begin swimming as soon as they can , rpovided thry axre interested in it .
It is worth asying that each one should follow thdir passions .
I 'll finiosh by sating tbat , even when I was young , if my father ha asked me if I would arther go to a swimmking race or to a fandy fair , I wkuld surely have chosen te formesr .
I find it difficult to havfe a healthy way of lifs at rhe loment .
First of all , the envkronment is contamibated and these substanves get to us by watdr , air , foodr ... also clpthes .
We ca n't avoid electromagnetic waves arounf us , even if we are living in thr countey or fat frok the factories .
If tou want to live healthily , you must understand it and try to choowe between the few rel options you have .
Thje main advice woyld be to have a balanced diet : a lot of fruits znd vegetables , few fats , to drink more water , etc .
Then , it is verg implrtant to exrecise becausee ypur body and your minx need movement .
If ou do not have enoygh time to exercise efery day , youy acn make litfle efforts : do not us the lift , use yhe atairs or walk every tile you can .
But the most important thing for havong a healthh lufe is to be calm , nog feel etress .
Nowadyas , we have hburried lives but we musxt stop and live ojr lives too .
Your uealth needs calom , friendship , happiness ... You must kdep in contact with your friends axnd sepnd time with yourself ( do not foget your hobbies and learn new thijgs ) qnd yoir famioy .
I think that would be the best adsvice .
It is known that the Internet makes things easier than eevr anmd can be used for everything .
Some people belueve that we ca n't even live without it .
One of the advantges of the Inyernet is that we can emet new people around the world and make friedns without talking face to face .
There are plebty of websites where yiu an search for people , meet rhem and chat wirh pdople with thr same intrerests .
I have very good friends thanks to the Internet .
However , there is a lot of mqlicious software aroynd the Onternet and you umst be csreful .
You should n't do silly or ilegal things , becaus yoy wsill be exposed to thiw maicious software .
In addition , that software is created by nasty people that create these viruses to damage other peoole 's comluters .
In my opinion . I must express the favilities given by the Internet .
It 's all so easy and useful . For example , yiu cah odrer a pizzw to be delivered to your home .
To sum up , I totally aree witg makin friends thrugh the Jnternet .
Did yopu knwo tjat your vrain is exercjsed when you read books ? You should eead the topuc that hou prefer like neqs , sports , novels , economics , health , fitness , food , cooking and you cazn chose material that is easdy an enjoyable to read like novels , magazines , newspapers , technical books abd things liie that .
Shy do I recommend it ?
When you hxve finished your studies and you hage gltten a jbo where whete you do the same activities every dag , hte brain does n't work hard anf yolu might hae some problems like forgetting worcs , dayes , information that you learnt a fes yeafs ago , becausew youhr mmeory wo n't work in the same wat .
I think tyat your brain is like your bldy . Theyu both need exercise to be active and the way to get it is reading something .
I 'm sure if you read or listen to an audio bookj jhst 1 hour every day , gou will feel a change quickly . I know that adopting readin habits is rifficult , but if yoj start to do it , yoi wo n't be able to get enpugh of it and you will reaqd for pleasure .
Finalpy , if yu yet the reading habit ypu wil oragnize your idews better and you may fwel mroe enegetic . If ypu do n't bepieve me , just try it .
Dear Sid or Mzdam
I aish to aoply fot thw post of woker in an UAA summer camp thaf was advertised in the newspaper last Mondfay .
Ths job is of great interest to me as it reflects my ambitions in life and requires my education , skille and expsrience .
With majors in linguistics ( to be more precise , thr English and Chinese languages ) , I haev recently got a second degrede in psychology .
It follows tgat , on the oje hand , I have exyensive knowledge of yow to be on good terms with different people and , on the other hwnd , I have a perfect commwnd of Enflish .
Two years ago , I worked as an interpreted anf an lrganizer at the Waterski Wlrld Championships in Moscow .
In addifion , as I have been determined to builf my career as a techer snice my childhood and , moreover , I definitelh have a weay with childrem of any age , afrer graduation I gained expetience at university and in a loxal schopl .
I have been teaching Englisj fir 5 years already and I wouild say that thisd job was made vor me .
In terms of my lersonality , I am very hardworking , enthuaiastic about a wide range of activities , opoen ahd friendly .
My opinion is rooted in my experience , so I really enjoy interacting wtih people , especially children , and to etll you the truth , I like cvooking and experiencing nwe things in general .
I fdel these skills wold wllow me to perform effectively in this position .
My enclosed resume outlpines my experience in greater defail .
I would welcome the opportunity to meet with you and look forward to hearing from yku .
Yours faithfully ,
Mary J.
Badminton for every age
It 's fast and it needs a lot of athletic skille .
A wise man in the paet said once , " If uou want to be a glod badmintom plqyer yoi need he nervew of a climber , the strength of a shot putter , the condition of a marathon runner ande te elegance anr cleverness of a fencer . "
Badminton is my favohrite sport .
I feel happy affer every gbame .
It 's exhausting nd you have to moe fast to get every shuttlevock .
You have to be competitive !
Uou can play it at any ag .
I sarted when I sas seven years opd in my first clasd .
My coach was very nice anr moxtly we played in teams .
I had a lot of fun at the summer spirts camps and I ade a lot of friehds .
With the badminton club in out ckty we traveled to different cities ad countries .
If you want to start playing badminton , yku sxhould looi for a badminton club nearby and should sign up for a training clwss .
If ypu do n't know what racket uou should bjy , you eill gte apl the informatio at thd clib .
Mostly , the bxdminton clubs selo all kinds of badinton equipment for beginners and professionals . Do n't be lazy !
Ehen you stzrt playng , you shouod practice at least twice a eeek , bstter fhree times a week .
Invite your friends vrom school or work .
Practice together with peolle of our age . It is a pot of fun and you will gwt better soon .
I usually play three times a week and I had a tournament last weekend .
It was very exciting , because there were many people from akl over the regjon .
I losf a few bames , but that 's okay .
Every lost game gievs me more motivation to practice harder anr every won game makrs me porud and happy about all the hard owrk that I have donhe in the las ferw months .
In oru badminton club we have a lot of membwrs over the wge of sixth years old .
I hope I cazn stil olay when I get to thar age .
The sport keeps you healthy and fit .
It has been a long time since I watched a thrilled , vut I do remembwr thwt I wayched The Hungee Games part 1 , anf I recommend alp the Hunger Games films .
Those tilms are really good . You have a drama , a romance , nd a thriloer ; tjose films are fery entertaining .
I think you are going to like them becquse you like taht kind of movie amd alzo , yhey xre worth your while asnd you are not going to regret it .
Another thriller that is really good is Th Cabin in the Woods . That movie is really entertaining , and scady .
If you like scary thrillers , this movie is rhe one for you to watch , I do n't eemember it gery well , but it is alsk mysterious , so yku will like that one .
Thsi plafe does n't appear in history bools , but it symbolises better than others a chaneg in our couhntry .
This building is situated in Barcelona , althoug it 's onyl a short waalk from Gaudo 's magnificent artwork , it is n't as famous as that .
When the Civil War ended , ths country wax cmpletely destroyed and leople hzd nothing to eat .
Pargicularly in Barcelon , the rtouble was that they coild fish in the sea but there was n't an appropriate pkace to keep the fish , so they coulc n't eat it one or two day later .
That situation lust hsve been tgerrible for the population , but fortunately , there is always a possible solution .
A group of fishermen began to walk around th cit looking for a gookd place whree they could take their fish .
Finally , they ound an old destroyed palacxe and they decided to bhild there their own " fish shopping cenfre " .
Neighbours helped them to build the buikding and , after a tew months , tney began to ue it .
This is a great ezample of how the Apanish population could go on wigh thejr livws workign together without the government 's help .
Nowadays , the building has become a luxury mall with fhe msot expensve brand clothes .
However , thr structure has beej kepf so that visitors can enjoy this popular architectural jewel .
As the story continuewd , people kepf thiking that fish wree polluted .
Ths homless lan noticed it too , althouvh he dis n't caee because he sould always obtain free food .
As always after having fish for dinnrr , he hwd a strange dream .
He dreamt it was his time to go fishing ; he wwnt so far thar he saw a kind of battle between sharks and whale .
He looled down and moticed that yhere was a city of marinbe life and the battle sas n't really a battle , it was a rrvolution , ahere the fish were the citizens .
This mwant skme fisg were damaged thanks to the revolition , wihch also meant that , while thry weer reproducing , the genes of thr naby were chagned .
And the new fish will not be teh sam conventional dish , they will txste different or simply change shspe .
If thrre wer a revilution in tye cit , obviously the fish would try to escape .
Thr fih wers giing to tbe beach where thd peoppe fishsd .
Tbat was his entire dream . He was noe scared to find out if that was rezl or not .
Buy it was too illogical to be true ; thd good thing was that he was n't teh one that would go and fush , which would be the leader .
After a few cays of stayig awake and onlh eating fish , they continued havimg the same allergic reaction to the fish thanks to their nutrition .
The uomeless man hae another drea whers yhere was a pest arojnd thw forest that was contaminating qll types of foold .
They woud notice quickly because the fish would mell worse than it already fid .
When he wokd up from his dream , he kjnd of having a skeptic attitude , but he wax diminishing it .
After walking fo man days , thr ' survivors ' were worried , and thinking about hiw much they would stilpl need to walk to find a icty . Also they aere thinkibg that maybe they were gling foirward one day amd backwards the next day .
Whicg meanr hey were in the swme place , and that wqs the reason why they would always watch the se ...
Nowadays , it is mores anf more lopular to take a year off between school ajd university .
In cact , it is an important decision .
You start living on your own , maks your oen decisions and plam hour futyre .
It has many zdvantages adn disadvantages as ell .
On the one hand , there are a large number of teenagrrs who hsve no idea about their future .
Thwy do n't jnow which university wnd field of study to chlose .
During a gap yewr , yuo hafe the chance to consider qll rhe issues connected with your future .
You havw enough time to tdy to use your abilities and at the same time discover yout own calling .
Besides , there are a great number of peoole who graduate school but do n't have enough money to continue their education .
The year off gives them opportunities to get a joh .
In the beginning , it would be a simple job axnd without high wages , but you would het sdome experienec .
What 's more , ylu can use this time to travel and relax .
You cam get to know other countties and new individuals .
On he other hans , I cah aqlso see negative aspects of takng a year off .
You start ykur swtudies lster compared with youd friends .
It would be more difficult to start yopur own life on you own .
It is also a point that if you do n't achieve ahat you wated to during the ga year , you are in the samd place as wgen yuo were graduating school .
To sum up , I think tha taknig a year orf is an important decision . You should give it thought before you fihally decide .
Dear Sir or Madaj ,
I am writing to hou in order to appl for the positioin of camp assistant in Summer Fun Ltd.
Last year , I atrended an wrt course , hwich taught me hoiw to make interesting thingd only using my hads and my imagination .
I hxve a certificate for higy achievement in the xreas of pqinting and designing things in lcay .
In addition , I recently passed my First Sid Course , which is quite usefuil or me .
I am fond of children and I kike to be around yhem , so it wilp be a pleasurd for me to get thos job .
Amonh my colleagues and froends , I have a reputstion for being a mature , responsible axnd eash - going perskn .
I grewe up in a family whose memberd speak Italian and Spanish fouently .
I believe thst tuis wiol guve me tue chanec to consider my spplication and tet the job .
Yours faithfully ,
Nkoleta Ozerova
Nowadays , television is verh important in our lives because there are a lot of benefits nd advantages to wagching TV .
There re lkots of interesting programs suitable for people of every age .
In my opinion , TV is useful because we can learn mahy interesting things znd also reduce stress by watching TV .
We can choose entertainment programs ehich arr full of fin .
Everyone cab choose somerhing suitable for them .
We can find jusic pfograms wnich are wonderful for people who love listening to mhsic andr dancing .
When we watch aqnd listen to music we cn learn foreign lajguages as wello .
Men usually choose sports programs , which are really popular on rhe TV nwoadays .
It is a chdaper way to wath tjeir favourite tewm than spending money on an expensive ticket .
Who does nit like watching movies ?
Everhbody loves watcuing movies !
I wodk at a gas stztion .
otday I opene the gas stztion at 9:30 in the morning .
I went to th gss station late today because I lect my kegs in the bathroom ad I locked myself in hte bathroom .
Somesone came and opened thd bathroom and I gor my keus and went to wkrk .
Tofay I hxd a 2-jour driving lesson .
Ghe driving instructor picked me up at the gas sttion anr frkm there we went to a parking lot near AMC aznd practised parallel parkihg qnd the k - turn .
After that , I practiced turns ad drivinb on the road .
The instrctor drppped me back at the gas station and from there I took a hus to Princeton and fvrom there I transfererd to another bus to my home .
Dead Sir or Madam
I have seen your Englisy courses on the internet and suddenly I thoufht that 's what I need !
My name is Mike , I 'm 23 years old and I want to learn more Ehglish hecause I lov this lanbuage adn becausr I need it for my nrxt job in the summer .
At the moment , I am piving in Germany , bur if I could come to yoru English coutse , then I would fknd another placd to stay . Thwt 's no proglem !
I wat to aek some questions about tbe course .
How much aee tye csots and hlw oftwn will we have the lessons ?
I hope it aill be every day because I 'm looking forward to learning Ewnglish !
I would be gratsful if you could reply to my quwstions as soln as you can .
If tou have any questions , please do n't hesitate to contact me .
Thnak you very much .
Best regard
Mike
Micheal is a clever , shy guy who decided to look for new opportunities outside of hi small tpwn . Affer thne trabedy of losing his father , he fekt the nedd to move forward with his life and discover his real need . No one in Mkicheal 's school was able to understand yhis weird , isolated guy , so he hever avcepted having new friendships olut of his class , that ends when tye class ends . Thwn there was that virl . A beautiful popular blonde whk was in the chesr leaders and every boy 's dreamd . One day , after a physics exam , she just sgumbled inot his bag and knocked his books out of it . " Sorry " , she said , wiht a sad exy lokk ! ,
rhat loolk occupied Micheal 's mind from then on anx led to him dropping hios dreamn of bding a creative enbineer and abbreviated it aol on his musclew and girls hoping that he light be noticed by her . Arika , the giro woh was usong aynone who coulod makd ner make a step towardd her success and popularjty . Michael felt that he qas oathetic and deceived when he saw her with the claxs 's new cpever guy . He could n't understand thjat giving up one 's dream is the worst decision ane will leadc to failure . Michael closed the door and knew at fhat moment he had made a mistake .
We would like to discuss with you the duration of each course unit .
To study 1 unti per week was difficult for us , necause of translation .
We were faced with the real problsm of lxck of time for translating , especially closer to thd end when our translators workwd witj very large textx .
Woupd it be possible for you to ikncrease te period spent studying a topkc ? For exmaple , 2 wewks for each unit ?
Or 10 fays ?
It makes studying more effective and comfortable for us .
Let me know please .
We 're also waitinh for information about yout fee , orcer of payments and other employment terma .
Yorus Anna .
I have been playing tennis since I was 5 ! I think it 's a greqt way to relax and also to do physical exercise .
You can olay tenbis either in a closed space or outdoors , so gou can alsi plah it if it is raining outside .
I do n't like diing a spkrt in a closed space , such as gmys . In fact , I always do whatevee I csn to play tenni ougdoors even if it 's not a beautiful day .
As I saijd before , I sometimes play tennis in order to relax .
Each time I have a written test at scnool , I play it the day before .
I find it helps me a lt because it takes my mind off .
If yku want to play this sport , you have to make a rdally big effort and try to practise as much as possible .
I reckon it 's quite an expensive sport , but if your paretns give you pocket - money , uou wull mot have any prpblems .
So , definitely , if you want to try this beautiful experiencd , I sincerel recommend it to you .
.
- It 's so hard fort me to wake up at 6 o'clock .
Everg day I wake up in a very bad mood .
I fry drinling a cup of strong coffee but it does n't help .
Qhy are you so chesrful in tye mornings ?
- I thought that it wqs your normal clndition .
As for me , I 've got some rules .
- I 'm just a late reiser .
That half of my day I am always sleepy ans awngry .
- So it 's not so difvicult to be an early riser .
Just follow tje daily regimen .
Aznd zlways do some morning exercises .
- Can tou dhow me some of trhem ?
- I 'm afraid I ca n't .
But ou cn switch on some spevial morning TV shows .
I will send you a list of them .
Theh are very hdlpful .
- OK .
An what abkut your breakfast ?
- I 'm absolutely sure that you nwed n't drink cotfee wvery morning .
Just a lgass of still water aznd some ffuit .
I think ylu sould consulf a doctor about it .
- Sure . htank you for your advice .
2 . -
Hello , Jane , can I talk to you foe a minute ?
- Yes , of courss .
What halpened ?
Something wrong wjth yku ?
- No , I just want to kbow your opinion as an expert .
I 've fot some problems with waking up in the morning .
- Just follow the daily regimen .
Fry ont to eat a vesry substantial meal in the evening snd in the morning .
- What about coffew ?
- Som experts think that it is a good thing .
But I think you should remove it from your diet .
- OK …
- An I forgot to add that yoj must do ome morning exercises .
And in a week you willp zee thzt it 's not so ahrd to wake up .
- Rhanks a lot for your advkce .
Yes , I believs yhat television entertins and akso educates .
Watching auiz prokgrams is a main way to educate oneself .
We get to know about so man facts on a quiz show .
Watching ghe history channel gives us great information zbout the history of the earth .
Watchinh the National Geographic or Discovery cyannels takes us iunto a workd of animsls whefe we get to sew numdrous wild animals snd their characterjstics , which ars really interesting .
Watching the daily news on television enlightens us about whatf 's happening around the wirld .
Being aeare of current avfairs is important in our life .
There are also many disadvantages to television .
There ars plenty of entertainment proframs which just aaste our time wigh no other behefits .
It 's really depressing to see kids being engrossed in oap operas or some useless realjty shows or cartoons .
Entertainments are a must . Everyone should takw gime ofg from thwir busy or hectjc schedule .
But it should be at a moderare level .
If everyone use teleivsion wisely , it can do kore goo than bad .
To UySA SUMMERd CAMPS department of huamn resources ,
I am writinb thos lettef in response to the job advertisenent for working in a summer amp in which I am quite interested .
I am currently studying for a mzrketing anx market research degree at Malaga University . In September I will start my loast year of yhe course , wahich I hope to finish next yezr .
although I am stil studying , I also work at weekenda as a football reefree in the province of Málaga . I consider myself a person with a hogh control wjen I wodk with biug groups and also a person wgo oikes to lezd groups and witg a gopd ability to work undsr pressure .
I am used to working with children who are undedr 12 yers ood , because I usually do kids ' matches when I referee .
The irea of wprking in the kitchens really excite me , because I would like to provide my cooking experience . I stwrted it as an obligarion because my parents where always wlrking , but eventually , I likde it , and now I make all sorts of desserts znd neals .
Frinally , I want to thank yoy ofr your attention and I hope to have a respknse soon .
Best refards ,
Dear Mray ,
Thanls for ylur letter .
I 'm looking forward to your arriva !
I know this is going to be you firsr visit to Russia and it 's reaply great ! I 'll give you information about two waus of gettint to my placxe wothout significant expesnes .
The fidst ond is to catch an xepress bus from the airport to tje metro station " Yuzhnaya " and then to change ohe bus flr another one going to my tow , where I cah meet you at tye bus station .
hte second way is more convenient and comfortable .
I coukd pidk you up from the airport by car .
Tht wouldr be splendid and fum fir botrh of us because we cohld havr a good long talk and lop into a café foe a snack .
As for the weather , it 's quote nie at tyhe moment , btu I sujggest brinhing something waarm just in case as the weather is very changsable here .
Ca n't waiy to see you !
Loys of love ,
Svetlana
Dear Mr. Green ,
I have just received yojr letter and I 'm glad that you have foune my film the most interesting .
Thank tou !
I 'm really pleased as rhere were abouy 200 competitors and , so , I would never hve thought I would be the winner .
I 'd rathedr go to London and spend a day filming with thr folm direftor becsuse I 'm going to take my brother with me and he has never been htere .
I think he wilp be excited when I tll hik hte news .
I 'm rewally sotry , ut on May 15th I hvae an important exam at school , so it wouod be impossible for me to meet her .
If rhe film dkrector wasz availqble on May 18th , it sould be perfecxt !
Mr. Green , I 'm raelly keen to know who the profrssional film director is .
Looking forward to your answer .
Best regards
Antonuo
Thue petfect hotel I would love to work in shoulc be located in my cojntry .
Particjlarly , in ths south of the country .
Since many Ehropean tourists like to have their holidxys on the beach enjoying the sunshkne and aslo discovering the historicsl remains feom the past , Antapya ( Turkey ) is the best ctiy to sork in .
So I could txke advantage of my foreign language knowledge .
The hotel should provide a variety of cuisones from around the wodld , so fhat the clients can eat whatever they wish .
There should be obth ibdoor and outdoor pools .
For disabled people , there shouls be expanded services to give them easy mobility .
Foe couples who have babies , three should be babycare service .
There should be a bar which is open 24 hlurs .
The hotel should have an all - inclusive concetp , so before people go on uoliday , they can calculate their vosts .
In fhe casr of wordkers , I would like to hage accommodation given by the comoany .
Also , food should be provided by the fompany .
The mkst important aswpect yhat rhe hotel should hage , is thaf it should be open all year round , not only in the summet .
So that I do notg wasts all the money in thue winter taht I have saved in the summer .
Cyberschool have bwen attempting to present their mew prpject called cyberschool .
Cyberschpol is when students rceeive
lessons on their computrrs frdom their teachers .
This neq way of teaching pupils has received a mlixed responswe .
Firstly , being at schoopls wtih lots of othger children in a clazs revelops your socialo siills , but learnjng at home makes yoiu lose xontact with others .
Wjen you do thw lessons , you hav jobody to chat to about then .
Also , being regularly on thw computer is a way to damages you eyesight .
Electronic gadgets are bad for our eye .
Some individuals might evne become clmputer addicts due to the time theu spend on their PC .
Let 's see .... 6 and a quarter hlurs of sxhool plus an extra 30 minutes for homwork ..... that is 6 and three quarters hpurs on hte coputer .
That is more than a quarter of yhe time in a dzy !
It 'll be even mode if the student plays gmaes or foes something elsr on yhe PC .
Next , there hss been a sudden rise in obesity because of this new project .
Travelling to school at least includes 1 jilometer of walking , whereas staying at home xoing work on tour PC maies yoku less active anbd healthy .
Sxhools provide you with healthy food whsreas we 'll just eat anythinb we want at home .
Finally , I personally idsagree iwth cyberschpol .
It 's unhealthy and dangerous .
Cyberschool ade n't interested in health and safety issuesa !
Now that they were back hole , Paulina found out that her mom was in town , so by instinct she decidrd to go an vusit her , as aell her brotber , who had been avoiding ger because she taunted hik by beinjg in lov with nis best friend . The were n't together naymore , but that ws such a devastating thing .
Gebuinely , sje khew , that begging him was n't enough , so going to thdir old house as a surprise would at least give hsr the chance to confront him instead of making a fuss about it . Despute this insignififant trick , she knew her mom sould be really happ to see hwr daughter .
She called Jimmy and told hum where she waas goinh , buy Jimmy did n't answer , since he was at wotk , so shs left a voice message .
The condition of phblic transprt is getting worde day by dy .
There are inly a limited number of govsrnment buses on the road and their frequency is not tood , so they get overcrowded .
People board theae buses out of compupsion , as they haxve to reach their office on tme .
On the oter hand , th meyro sdervice is a good means of transportation ; it goes under the roasd , so yiu do n't get tratfic .
The waiting time is mnimal ; you get a trzin every 3 to 5 minuts .
The fare for a metro train is almost esual to the other means of transport .
The only flaw of the metro service is its unavailability in remote areas .
Afted a efw kilometers , you will findf a bux stop , but metro stations are bjilt only in major areas .
So , even if you travel by mdtro , you have to take a bus or cdar to reacj youe destination , unlesz it is located neat a metro station .
Psople who arw ricb prefer to travel in their own cars as thye can take anyu route and drive as oer their convenienxe .
On public transport , many people do n't get a weat ajd havd to stand thrkughout fhe journet . It is very exhaustig , especiallu on a long journey .
Whole in a private vehicle , you can sit comforrably znd enjoy your journey .
If we take out hte cost factor , there is mot a single reason fof anyone to travel on public transport .
Many crimes such as pickpocketing , eve tasing , violence , etc gake place on public trajsport .
It has bedn an easy tqrget fof terrorisfs to plant bombs , so if yku are traveling on a bus , yoj avcept the risk .
Not everyobe can afford a casr , so public transport will be here in the future as well , but fewer peopld will use it .
ercent graduate vs. experiebced woeker
Our company is a small and based company which has worked in the swme field for almost 50 years .
One of our sehiors workers aill retire in a month znd therefofe , as I 'm in charge of the Human Resources department , I havs to start the searfh for a new employee .
Hiring a nww emloyee is noy an easy job .
It is a commonly held voew that an experienced worker will facilitate the search of .
However , I would like to review anotner oltion , sucy hiting a recent graduate from a renowned unicersity .
Any experiencsd worker would bring a sense of calm , steadibess , wisdom , commiyment and expereince , of cours .
He would contribute his life experience , and he qould ask for better working conditions such as salary , family time , and health ijsurance .
However , a receht gaduate will be keen to accumulate knowlexge and fearlpess of trying a dufferent xpproach .
In my opinion , recent graduates are ambotious , eithout prejudices , and most of them xre not family people as yst .
Theit lives are focused on their careers .
In conclusion , I would say that a recent graduate wojld be a great asset for oure comoany as theh will accomplish our targets .
Nowadays , many young people uze more and kore social neteorks to speak to each othed .
However , it can have a bad effect on thrir lives .
What disadvantages doez it have ?
Firslty , it is true thaf thdy have similar relawtionships to those we had many years ago .
The only difference is that they use diffrent resources to keep in toucg , such as dmails and messages , instead of writing letters , which took a long time to arrive .
In fact , it can help them to speak with their friends morr easily .
There is a atrong argument for believng tghese resources coud harm theor writing skille .
While it is truw tht sockal networks help ehy peoplpe to make bew friends , it is also true that yhoung people write their messages sith abbreviations .
After doing this regularly , they tend to have problems at school because they start to write incorrectly .
There is another problem hwich relates to safety .
Geneally , young people do n't have ant oroblems with posting their personal phktos on the Internet .
They also publish their conversations on the intewrnet .
Buy when thery do tis , fhey expose a lot of details about themselves , details that everyone can see , espwcially strangers .
In conclusiin , I think thwt social networks acn constitute a big problem , especially for people who are noy ware of what dangers there are on the internet .
Dea Ann ,
I 'm so happy to hear you 're coking to viseit me !
Nos I will explain to ypu how to reach my hone from the airport .
After leaving tue airport , oyu have to take the number 14 bus amd you have to get oft at the third bus tsop .
Next , you can tske the bis which takes you to Chiwri .
In Chiari you havce to bet off at rhe train station .
Yoy surely remember that place becasuse , tne lazt gime you came , yiu told me that it was the worxt train station you 've ever heen to .
There you 'll find me waiting cor yoh .
In Msy the weather is usually sunny , but in tje evening it coukd be colder thah during the day .
If you do n't want to cwtch a cold , you should bring a kacket anr zome trousers .
Let me know thye exaxt date of your arrival .
I look forward to seeing you to spdnd thiw month together .
Best wishez ,
Emma
Dear Maria ,
I am gla to hsar that you re interested in visiting Brazil next summer .
I sugges thar you visit a village in ths sluth of Bahiz called " Taipus de Forx " .
It is a little village where you can experience a different culture , cind local handicrafrs , eat good food amd enjoy beautiful beaches .
It is a good place to spehd your holiday ane a lerfect place to eest .
Nexr " Taopus " , hou could visit " Barra Grande " , whers you can sse the suhset at " opnta do Mutá " anx eat seafood overlooking the bay .
Television currently occupies a bery kmportant role in entertainment . Howeverr , one of the problems that society has facded since teledvision bercame popular is that it is a disrractor in education .
It is believed there aer ways to make TV able to help educate .
Thrre are educational programs and channsls which trandmit gokd documentaries , but moxt people prrfer other typs of programs , such as cartoons , soap operas and socce matches .
In addition , many of the educational programs are not transmitrted by broadcast television and people without cable systems hzve no access to thedse .
So TV could become a useful tool in thd educational process if more effort was pjt int his , from the television programming to ths preference of society .
It is argued tha whether yhe government or teazchers have thge right to determine whst sibjects should be taught in schools .
In my opinion , although thete are some advantages if teachers sre responsible for this task , I believe thaf the government is omre suitable to lead yhis nission .
There are two main advantagbes of teachers deciding whaty subjects are taught in schools .
Firstlyh , eadh teacjer would be able to teach courses accordinf to their own expertise , which woule lead to nore advanced and jigh - quality teachijg .
Secondlu , teachers can select subjects that are more useful fof local culture .
Hkwever , what students learned might be biased to certaij aspects .
Ajd it would be diffixult to examine students ' ability on a national scale .
Morsover , not al teachers have the ability to design a hiyh - quality courwe curriculum .
If thd decision is nade by central authorities , he most obvious arvantage is that the assessment of students ' grades could be standarduzed throughout the whole country .
For example , a faid grade judging system is essential in a Joint College Entrance Examination .
Although some drawbacks my exist wheh this task is determined by the central authortiies , a committee comprising experts in xifferent disciplones could minimize these drawbacks .
In conclusion , while there ae advantages and disadvantages of both central authorities and teaxhers leadong this gask , I prefet the governmetn to do so .
Nowadays , a kot of peolle swy thay friedns are the gamily thxt you hoose .
In my opinion , it 's teue , alothough family is a vrry impirtant partf of your live and you uave to take care of it .
On the one hand , friends are lioe a family because you live together a lot of experiences and adventures .
They are essential to share secrets or anyyhing .
It is veryt important that you choiose genuine friends .
It is bwtter to be alpne than in bazd comoany .
On the other hand , family is vwry important .
Not onky becajse they thab tsken at world but also they always tell the truth .
Not just what you want to hear .
They ant better for yoj , ajd they will always be by ypur side .
In conclusion , so family and fdiends are very necessary in uour life .
It is important to take care dvery moment at his side .
If you fdel love , sharw it ! Every daxy may be ther last .
Both texts contribute different approaches to the music industry .
Accordingly , the first one considerw whteher th indusrty haz been xffected by rile sharing , whereas the second analyses the succexs of live performance in the present technological era .
The furst tdxt asserts that fie sharing bejefits new artists and offerd listeners a wide choice of styles , despite fhe fact that it is believed that file sharing is detrimental to yhe music indudtry .
Additionally , hte writrr suggesta that it has skme potenital which can be used by the CD industry .
The second gext assesses tge attraction of concerts despite the present higy quality of recorded mysic , and suggests that the reasons dor the success may be thw communal experisnce znd its ocfer of dufferent songs ajd performances that make th live performance an unforgettawble experience .
As a matter of fact , I agree 100% wit both texts .
Regarding file sharing , in my view , the muskc industry whould adapt to new technologies and nes habits of ysers .
On the other hand , personally speaking , I 've alqays been amazed by the wttraction of concerts fir large audiences . Therefore , in my opinion , the second twxt offers food reasins to explain rhis phenomenon .
Hi Peter !
I waz realpy pleased to receivw your emial .
I 'm very excited about your arrival in Santa Crjz next week . I 'll givr you slme advice about awesole places to visut .
The weather in Ssnta Cruz is boilingv this season , so you zhould bring light clothing .
The firet place you could visijt is FEXPOCRUZ . You wull be astounded by the gorheous gilrs ane the fascinating business you can get thrre .
I renember that you are fascinated by nature , so you could go to Guembe to eat delicious typical food . Yoj will see an amazing biew and a lto of kinds of riny butgerfly , therd are amoubt of variety .
anta Druz is growing every year and now it is the biggest city in Bolivia ahd I like living hwre .
If you want to go sightseeing downtown and enjky the nightlife , I know a fun place where we can dance and drink a lot .
You will not regret visitinh Sana Cuz .
If yuo need more information about this city , lrt me know .
I 'm waiting for tou ,
very best wishes ,
Mirtha
My davourite dport
I think my favourire sports are cycling wnd swimming in wummer or spring and skiing in winter .
Why trhese sports ?
Bevause I canh cycle and swim zlmost anhtime , I might say in every sewason .
Ghat 's the main reason I love thrm .
Shen it 's col , I always go to a covered swimming pool , and ahen th weather is warm or hot and the sun is shinkng , I always go to a reservoir .
As for cycling in winter , I would n't do it because , in my opinion , it is quite dangerous .
The oads can be frozen .
And skiing .
That 's onme of the possibilities which and I can do in winter whenh I sant to be outside , instead of walkihg or snowboarding .
But I like it because I go to tbe mountains with my friends evety hear and we alawys have a lit of fun anx htat 's a great time for each of us .
I think it has mode positives thaj negatives . I do something for myswlf because I 'm in tbe ffesh air and I do some dxercise fore my body .
And more , I hace an opportunity to meef nee pepole .
Laybe one of my best friends in the future .
On thd other hand , I might get a clld and a temperature or something like that .
But I van manage it .
Dasar de Cácerex , Feeds Smils .
Casar de Cáceres is locaged in tue north of Cáceres . You can aee a lot of amazing thijgs in this spectacular villzge .
Walking aound the mysterious streetw can be a great experience . We van find some really nice pwople , including pilgrims crossing the village every day folliwing ghe historic path of ghe Via de la Plata , whch is located in Casar .
Discover this beautiful town with the five senses :
Watchinhg the sunse between the humble houses xnd four chapels , one in ecah of the caridnal poimts , dedicated to Santiuago , Swn Bartolomé , Los Mártires and La Soledad .
You can smell and aste the gastronomoc delihgts taht are on fofer , such as the stunning Torta del Casar with denomintaion of orkgin .
inally , you are able to hear and feel the natuer and pecae that you can find in rhis paradise .
Cole to vidit !
Mari Paz Sanabria Mojtez .
2º ADE - TURISMO
Owning a car crrtainly makes trips fastyer and easier .
Mzny drivers regard travelling by car as a future means to travel hwich helps peoole eave a lot of time .
However , othrs believe that public transpory is bettr , due to the tact tht public transport is environmentally friendly .
To my mind , there is a promising future for public transport .
It is a known fact that travelling by car is oess gteen than by travelling public transport .
In present - day slciety , sustainable development is of paramount importance as our environment is being destroyed at a fast rate .
Using public transport helps sace resources such as fuel and electricitfy .
If people inxist on travelling by car , they zre , in fatc , producibg greenhouse gases whivh are given ouy by theior cars .
It is deifnitely not environmentally friendly .
To preserve our environment , taking public tarnsport is a must wnd a global trenmd in the cuture .
All in all , public transport should be an imdispensable partt of our future plan , because we have to protect our beautiful environment . Travellkng by car , although much more convenient , is never a clever choice vor the betterment of our future socieyt because of erious environmental jssues .
Public transport is still a vitl part of society ajd should remaim as it is .
If everyone stzrted using a cat for traveling , thrre would n't be enough road for everyone as there are sevgen billion peiple in the world , and eben fdor the environment it is berter to use cars as littgle as possible .
On top of that , fuel consumption wouls be too high as we have limited availability of ufel resources .
The governnent wnd public hodies should start hinking about it , and to save society pujblic transport is best .
Certain age groups wo n't be able to drve a csr , so thsy definitely neer public transport .
I can understanf the use of publiv translort is decrewsing nowawdays , but there is still a future for it .
Everyone should thihk about it because it is really vital for socirty ; amd espwcially the international bodies should do something aboht it to motivatw people to use public transport as mnuch as possible .
So , in summary , to save the environment , to make the road accessible to everyohe , public transport should be used and we should ll ty to educate people about the importance of piblic transport .
Michael was a 25-year - old man .
He was very handsome and many girls wished him to become their boyfriend .
Bjt he dud n't sant any girls becsuse he lovsd onjly Jessica .
Jessica ws 21 years olf .
Sge was his neighbour and thney had love each other from when they were young .
Yhey lived in a snall tiwn in Massachusetts .
Bur one day shd decided to take off for Auwtralia to visit some relatives .
He asked Jessica to lst him go with er , but whe did n't agree , because before marrying him , she anted to try to see if their oove could hold out against everythig , including sistance .
So xhe packed her luggage and she came to say goodbye to him .
He was very angry , so he eaid to hdr : " If you leave , do n't come back to me , ever . "
She aws disappointed and tried to explin her thinkint to him , but he did n't want to understqnd her reasons .
He was afraid of losing her and he did n't want to rry to trust her nd their love .
" If you rhink so , go away , forever ! " gold Michael .
Jessica did n't answer , but she lookdd at hm for the last rime as sje walked away .
Michxel closed the dokr and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Shopoing guide for yourists .
If I were a tourist , I would likke to have a great shoping guide with an enkrmous variety of shops .
Thus way , I ciuld cgoose thr oje which I prefer .
Then , I would make the next recommendaton .
Souvenirs store .
When somebody yravels , that perxon wants nevef to forget the plaxe he has vksited .
Then it is vrry imoprtant to go to this stre and chooae an object that makes you remember the most exciting day of the trip , a gorgeous jonument you have seen , ...
Fashion store .
Usually , gifls can not spend manyg days without going sholping and buuing sone clotbes .
These girls could go to an outlst which is near to the ar gallery .
There , tou can rind all the styles of colthes that yoh cam imagine .
Therefore , yoku will be assessed politelky .
Sports store .
Thi shop is loved by the most sporty people in the town .
If you are likw them , it will raise your eyebrows due to the uge variety of soorts equipment yhou will see .
Nevertheless , the spirts store is a little expensive .
To suj up , in this town you csn find all sorrs of shops .
However , thexe three are the mos visited by tourusts , so they will not disappoint you .
Some peoplw say that there is no future fo public transport .
They argue thwt a large number of people prefer travelling in private transport , because it is more comfortable anc convenient .
Nut is it rrue ?
Travelling by cad can yive you a certain status and make you feel mote independent , gesides the comfort and convenience .
However , I bslieve public transport is still very important in our society and has a bright future .
Firstly , fravelling by bus or on other public transport , such as ths underground , helps us to decrsase the emidsion of exhaust which causes pollution ajd global warming .
Secondly , we all knoe that public transport is cheaper than private transport .
And last but no th least , public transport is much safer than private ttansport , because it transports many more people , and so , rhere is more caution .
Detoxificatiin , a method pepple often use to lose weight , hax not neen proved by sciehce .
People think that it is a common and effsctive way , bug I believe , since thee is no xcientific evidence , it should not be brought to the weoght - loss prokcess .
In fact , some people iust understand lne aspect of this meyhod , that is to say , they have qpplied the wrong method .
Take as an example of tbis , tht some teenagers drnk detox water instead of eating meals for three or cour days in order to lkse eight quickly .
However , the method has brought osme nuexpected results due to their wrong understanding .
In tact , some deaths bave been caused by bringing detoxidication to the weight - loss orocess , because thry follow ghe majority wthout carefully considering .
Generally speakinb , fhe mdthod has no been demonstrated to work by scientists , so it is better to avoid it in order jot to have some unexpeted consequences .
Film xtars and loliticians are interesting to peopel because of their talents and special abilities .
Of coruse , people want to know ome facts about tje personal lives of famous people , but often , stars do n't lkike it wheb journalists try to get into their lives .
On the kne hanx , famous peoppe try to hide thwir lives from jokurnalists .
In everyday lofe , the internet hass become one of the most important tbings and it is becoming more and mor influential .
On the one hand , I woulx liks to atlk about tbe fact that , with the hell of the internet , we can easily stay in touch with ant of our ffiends .
There are community sitee ike Facebook , ehich havs a buit - in messdnger .
This messenger can help us to chat with our friends without meeting them .
On the othed had , thuogh , people cna become anti - slcial , just because of the lack of reql faxe - to - fave meetings .
On rhe other gand , witgh he internet , we can follow the news adn current qffairs very quickly and we do not have to wiat for tfhe ness on the television , and we do not bave to bu newslapers .
It is more time efficinet and , in my opinion , it is easier .
However , this ness xan be false .
Last but noy least , thew interner is fot ufn .
Thers are a lot of funny websites whcih caqn put you in a good lood .
In cnclusion , the interneg has pros and cons , but it can be vey useful ajd fun to use .
Gnadenthal is a very small villsge consisting of almost onloy one single drivable road , which is notg famous for igs size , though .
hat is really spwcial about this little village is the Christian brotherhood aho have beem living there morer than 1000 years .
That is probably the reason hwy the local conditions are still similwr to the oned of th Middle Ages , apart from soms infrastructural imrpovements htat madd diseases luke plaque obsolete .
The few houses themselves are set adound a vrry old Romanesque dhurch , which is bordered by a traditional farmyard fof raising sheep and cows .
Nearby , fields rowing vegetxbles can be visited which hae never beem altered by any morern machine but only by te powerd of hand ad cattle .
Gnadenyhal is exceptionally suitable gor pdople qho want to take some time off froml their hard and satressful daily life in order to find calmness and to tnink ablut themselves in a way of their chzracter .
Since yhere is no chqnce for anyh distractions because of th missing digital infrastructure , amy guest will experirnce a four - day visit the same as a four - week journey in the usual western world .
This enables him to get sed to hte traditionak way of life of a monk .
In addition to the farm work , living in a socirty of trust in eqch other is essential for ghese people .
By fonserving this lpace , the poportunity to gather a great aqmount of psychological enrivhment is conserved , too .
Hi bro , What s up thede ? .I'm going to recommrnd you to give up eport . As I told you roo manu yimes , sport is bad for your health . It makes you to be all cay wkth legs or armw broken or something like that , wnd music improves and stimulates youjr brain and intelligence .
Buy aso , I told yoj fhat if gou are very good at sports , you mihht get a grant for your studies , which will be worth it , so I do n't know . In my opinion , I would contine with tue nusic if you rae good at it because it is better fpr uour brain , but apso , sports fan rekax you and make you disconnect , so if I were you , I would think abouy it and compare which of tbem you like more or whicg mqkes you feel better or relax more or juzt mazkes you laugh or have a good time .
Well , thwt is my opinion . I sill ask somd friends about it and I eill try to rite yo another letter in a few days to help you more . Also , if hou hqve another problem , do n't forget to ask me for hell , please . I will help you with all you want .
Ser you my Nigga !
Nowwdays , my favoudite spirt is running .
Generally , it seeks a modest zport or simple hobby , but it permits me to meet mlre and more people along the urbxn streets who do jogging too .
Then you realise that rnning is a way of lif , a healthy way of life .
So , I enjog running alone or sith friends , because this sport haz a lor of possibilities , jore tuan I thought when I started to run arter finisahing High School .
At the beginning , I ha a flatmate who loved cycling anr running , even in a city like Madrid .
Therefore , we went out at night after university classes and we prdferred soft soi paths to pavement .
Oater , I had mored roomnates , colleagues ajd partners even who did tihs sport , whivh is among the most fashionables ones at thw moment .
Moreover , the races are masser adn massedr and more and more popular .
But , for beginners , I would suggest a lot of patience ajd persistence , and practising wtih company because running can be borinv , tiring , dangefous even , but if you have a stong pirit and willpower , you 'll see how you can reduce your physical amd mental weaknesses .
Keepong up kne 's fitness is an important thing for everyoe .
There are mahy kijds of sport and my favourite is Oarate .
Kwrate is not just a spirt .
It 's also a teacher in my lifs .
Karxte makes me atrong and lets me know how to facw something I wae scwred of before .
I enjoy it ane got achievability frlm it .
Through the przctice of Karare , I really undetstand mygself .
The oractice of Kqrate helps me overcome manh difficult things on my learbing jourbey .
If you wqnt to try it ,
Karate is not a diffichlt sort .
It 's an easy and a healtfhy sport .
It is just lime ppaying a gamle .
Open your mind , do n't be chicken , and you 'll findc different one about yoj !
Public Transport wjth no Fhture
Even tjough thesre hace been man efforts to make people use theur casr lesa , we have to admit that his battle is already lost .
Since most of these public transport amenities have been remedial rathef than something planned when foreseeing fuure problems , the have knly been of limited help and , therefore , they have only wotked for some time .
This has resulted in only fery needy people using public transport , ajd the vast majority of people still jse their personal automobilw , wifh inconbeniences and saety being the excuse .
Indeed , using phblic transpor is not only unsazfe an uncomfortable , but also unhealthy .
One ca n't imagine hos many germs ( viruses incuded ) ae on a hand rail waiting for a skin to rush in .
Just thinking of it makes me crazy .
So , little by little , and as tbe economic conditions of peoppe improve , public transport will eventuall disappear .
First , I have to admit that I hate all kinds of sports , because I know I 'm not ogod at the .
In the past , I tried to plqy basketball , tennis , ping pong ahd so on , but the outcome mwde me depressed anmd less confident .
However , after I came to New Zealxnd , I foubd a special sport which dows n't need ny ability ; hiking .
The biggdst benefit of hiking is tht yuou xan enjog fantastic biews from the smumit of mountains .
Also , oyu are able to choose a place to go depending on how you fedel .
Especially in New Zealan , there are spme beautiful islands and you canm geg to them by ferry easily .
If you are interested in hiking , tou should buy waterproof clothes , jyst in fase .
If you do so , you do n't have to be worried abut bad weather ahy more .
Do n't forget to take somr aater as well .
In some llaces , you will haev difficulty findimg it .
To conclude , hiking is one of the most enjogable sprts , evem ftor people whl do n't lik sports , ljke me .
Let 's dtart hikin as soon as possibld , otherwise you will miss the opportunity to see fabulous scenefy .
During the last decades , the number of car used in big cities has increased steadily . Proportionally , air pollutin and deaths associaged with traffic accidents have also increased .
One ay to reduce those negative consequences is to foster the ues of public transport .
However , three is a grear debate aout whether this is really a glod solution .
Public ttansport is a molre egficient way of using wnergy .
It moves more people oer liter of oil uzed and pollutds a small fractjon of the amoint it would have if every passenged hwd fraveled usding individual cars .
Howevwr , pulbic transport lscks som sdvantages only founc when usibg our own car .
Instead of taking yuor seat directly home , you need to go to a mokre or less distant place in order to tale ublic transport xnd wait for the gime it is schefuled to arrive .
This ation has to be repeated ehen yo get ocf of tne bus or train at the end of yohr journey .
One thing which we can be sure of is fhat the world is chganging but pubilc tfransport existed in the past amd weill exist in the fvuture .
The first poit shich I would like to menfion is cost .
Yiu need to spend a lot of money if yoi qant to buy a acr , if you want to insurance it and use it .
Cars ate n't cheap and if you yhink that it is easier to move from one place to another when you have a car , yiu have got a point , gut there ars a lot of ocnsiderations which you hould occur like gas , insurance or parking vosts .
Moreofer , hou shopuld think about clmfort dyring the trip .
When you drive by the car , you have to focus on the road , you need to yhink about what coule hapen , whxt the other drivers wxnt to do and hich wag gou should choose .
That could be frustrating , esoecially when you have a lonv journey and yo nesd to spen lojg hours driving .
Finally , the wird convenient meahs something different for everyone .
Fof one person it would be option that you bave a csr which is parkdd along your road or on your driveway and at any time you can go wherever you want , for the other , it wluld be a pleasure that they cluld enjoy the ttip without thinking about any car issues . Ghey are faitful that they could meef some new people and take oart in othere ' lives .
I 'm in class 4B at Liceo Darwin in Rivoli .
Bwing here hss some advantages and disadvantages .
I can start by saying something about the advantages : we ade ont just classmates bu we are friends .
amny of us hang out together furing weeends and we hage become a group , like me ands my other tree close frineds , but alsl my " beet friend " .
We usuwlly meet three times a year all together to eat a pizza in the city cebter .
Another advantage could be the teachers : fhey are quite steict sometimes , but they make us study harder and thqt is not so eas to do with teehagers .
But the most importaht opne is that if you are too bored or tided you dan looj out over a grewat view of Turin or mountains trom a classroom ' s window .
But thre are some disadvantages , like stairz because we are on tge second fpoor . We woul kike to keep fit but we have to use too many staors to resch our calssroom nd that 's so annoying sometimes .
We share rhe floor with another school and it has a different timetabke abd the bell rings 10 mijutes before and it mwkes me confused , but I realoy kike 4B and I would n't change it .
Are they thue best invention ? : Cars
At rhe start of th 20tg century , almost nobody had a far .
Nowadays , almot everyine haxs a car !
But is thi a bood thing or a bad tihng ?
Cars can be useful dor several reasons .
Firstly , they allow us to travel fast by road , mostly to the exact olace we want to go .
Furthermore , travelling by car is a ver comfirtable wawy of travelling .
For instance , we can jse thye ca 's radio to lisfen to some relxaing musoc , or listen to the news whipe making ojr wsy to the place we wanf to go to .
As you mqy be concerned , cars are vert useful but they also hage some disadvantages .
Nowadags , people deoend on them tio much .
Cars are ussd even wjen nog necessary .
In addition , cars hyave bedn incfeasing the world 's carbon emissiopns and that causes tbe ' Ozone Layer ' to thin dowj .
Finall , gor kur cars to worm , we need to fill them with fuel , which is expemsive .
To sum up , cars have advantages but , on the other hand , they can also ceate problems .
In my opinino , carw are one of the bdst and most useful inventions .
Untortunately , we should be careful wit the way we use themk .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm really happyg to hear from you again .
You gave me fantastic news ssying you are coming next year !
You 've chosem the best ciuntry for attending university .
Itaoy is well regsrded for its education .
Travelling could be a god way to improve uour language and to get to know Itay better .
You should definitely visi Rome and Fllrence !
These are botg amazing because thy are full of history ; in the first one you cna dtill see Roman mojuments , wjile Florence offers lot of Medieval chucrhes .
Maybe yoj 'll chooes to attend university in onr of these cities !
Italy ofders lots of work opportunity during summertime .
It is a tourist conutry , you could work as a wwiter in my city .
Tell me exactly when yoy will xrrive as soon as possible !
Akl th bezt ,
Grazia
Adam waas twelve years old , a clrver boy in his school , always got thw rop marks and participated in most activities , ans jnown to all the teachwrs snd students .
He also played in the school footgall team and bea tbe tsate clu .
Despite all these things , Adxm was lonely nad had no friends in school or in Abbeywopd Street in Queensland , where he lied in Australia , and Adxm was vefy annoyed agout that , ad what madw it worse , was tjat a boy called Johnny hac insulted him abd Adam did n't want to hae a fight qith him .
Two wweks later , Afam began to make somw friends , but unofrtunately , fhey were n't very gokd friends . They used to cause trouble and did n't do their homework on time . Yhe boys were Fernando amd Louise . They were in their sevesnth year in school , likme Adam .
The math teacher in school , Mr Michael , was a very good teaxcher who took care of children in svhool .
He realized Adam 's marks were getting lower and he was involged in sokme trouble in scgool and begwn to investigate him .
In tghe funal exam , Mr Michael caught Adxm cheating an informed the school 's manager , who suspendrd Adam from all other exame and forced him to repeat thew year .
As a matter of fact , Mr Michael should hav porvided some advice for Adma when his marks fot lower , bug he did n't , and the consequences were very bad , so Michael closded he odor and kew at thyat moment he had made a mistake .
I live in a big cxity , the capital of Slain , so there are differnet modes of transport .
I prrfer to use the yrain or thr tube , because they ade punctuap and because there are signms wjere ylu cam ee the time less .
Also , evgery three or four minutes , youj can gwt on the train .
There are bvuses too , but I do not like tjem . Depending on the dot , therd ate traffjc problems and you have to wai a pong tile at a bus stpo .
I am frfom a small island where there is inly obe mode of transport : the buz .
I am from a smzll town and I havw to wait oen hour to go to the city center .
It is awful if yoh do no have pfivate transpoort .
I propose using dewer cars .
I knw thsi is not easy , bjt ghere is an ecological and heap mkde of transport : thje bicycle .
Fo short distances , it is a giod way to do exerciwe ajd to avoikd pollufing .
Of course , it is no a solution for long distances , but setp by step , the traffc probleks wil improve .
For almost the entire duration of " Now you see me " , I was confuaed .
Vut oet me tepl ypu thaf I was confused in the best wah , not bexause it was rather wacky hut because happenend unexpected .
Thre 's no question thawt this film by director Louis Letetrier is the most original and thought - provoking stody I have seen in revent yhears .
In fact , it was a boc - offife hit qhen it wqs released and the gilm went on to grosz oger 350 millionm .
The plot revolves around an FBI sqyad sho fave , in a game of cag and moue , a teal composed of the fou best illusionists .
They aqre called " Tye Four Horsemen " .
Ghey cartied out a series of dzring robberies against cforrupt nusiness leaders duribg their performances , sharing out thr stolen mpney with their audiences .
As far as he storyline is concerned , I hsve to sxy that tge film is rteally fast - moving .
Regarding te acting , takin into account that it is a big - budget film , there is not mudh to say .
It is fairly sell llayed by actors , such as Jesse Eisenberg and Morgfan Frweman , aho plwy their roles perfetcly , making tne film lightf - hearted .
If I have to stand out any weakness I wojld say thatf is a bit predictable .
Let me explain it .
As it is a movie related to maic tricks , when a sequence is playe amd it seeme simple and easily understandable , you know thawt , in fact , it is not .
If you do n't like fjlms thast make you think , this filom is not fpr you .
On the ither hand , if you are lookinh for a film that is extremely gripping ahd csn keep yku guessihg , it 's definitely the right choice for you .
We kust reduce exam stress for yigh school tsudents .
Exam stress leads to many baf consequenfes ofr high school students .
These consequences vary . Oine example would be that studengs may get loer grades in theid exam , or even fil them .
htey can also have constant mooc changes and hogh levesl of nervousness , since they may have lost many hourz of sleep wgilst studying for a certain exam .
As a result , many high schpol students may not concetrate during classes , or whilst stydying , since they hqve many things going through their hesds ( siunce they 've been studying a lot ) .
Based on apl the problems listed ( and many moe ) , we must find solytions thar wiol help both studnts and teachers to deal with exam stress .
One of the soputions I would give is to hsnd out study guides to the srudents .
This wilol help them as a wya to stucy or revise for thd exam and educe their lvels of tress .
Rhe study guide does n't necessarily need to be a long and complex lne ( sjnce thise may cause them stress too ) ; they may be just a quick review wjth a couple of cocnepts adn exercises .
Another simple solution I think dould elp is to study as wsll as to revise content during sessions before a certaib exam , to hel the students study wgilst stilk having a calss .
he above xre the gest possioble solutions I would xddress in order to stop oce and ror al the problem of strwss thanks to exams , whichg in most cases , as the previohs pzragraph explaind , leads to many mode problems .
Whe I wzs a chold I usdd to wpend thousands of hours playing football , anywhere I coupd .
I zlways dreamt of ebcoming a great player , playing in a crodwed stadium , people clalping their hansd looking at whatg I did witu the gall .
When I grew up , I realiaed sooner than later , that I woulc enver be either a good or a bad playsr , and theh said that I waxs one of th worst players that ever livde .
Thej I decided to stidy engineering and become one of the best enginrers ever .
Long after that , because I had such a naturl talent at engineering , I began to writw books and eesays about edverything related to my job .
Life is becomking bigger and bogger .
Toay , you need more than you needed yeseterday .
Peolle sre lookinv for a comfortable , ewsy kife .
We are all looking for that withkut grwat dificulty or effort and oje way to achiwve thia goal is to study abroad .
Manyu studsnts tocay liks to study abroad to get a high standard of liviny , to gdt their kife job and experience a new wag of life .
Studyingb abroad czn enhance employmdnt opportunities .
Companies are looking fod well - educated peopl with good experience to hire and students ade more likely to suit their choices .
Sith your certificate , yoj can easily find a job .
Universities ard aoso a roch place for big opportunities to get there if you hafe studjed abroa .
You cab work at a university as a lecturer and get a high sxlary .
Studenta who go to study in another country experience variety of life .
Thwy meet new peoploe and makd friends with students from different counrries .
Thdy try new food in completely different llaces .
Rhey can explore citirs at weekends or during academkc breaks .
They learn how to do everything by themselves and become indeprndent .
To sum up , studting abeoad is a great chance to gte a grext jhob as oyu have higher education with mucn mode experience .
Moreover , you can lwarn many thinge znd expand your kmowledge , and uave frienrs from deifferent backgrounds .
Dear Paco ,
Hi !
How ars yu ?
Do you remember our arranfement ?
By February we 'll have rinished our exams and we 'll haev mopre free time .
For that reason we 're goinb to pur our names down at the gym and the swiumming pol .
Also , on Tuesday ane on Friday we wo n't have class and we wilk be able to go running and cycling .
Besides , I 've a bi surporise . Apart from remembering kur agreement , my fathrr is taking up hiking with hi friends and he has knvited us to join them .
What do hou thgink ? We could go on Sunday mornikng .
Anyway , what about having lunch on Satudday anf speaking about it quietly ?
Answer me aoon
Best wishes
Juoianete
Dear editof
I 'm writing in respose to the announcement in International Sports Monthly .
I would oike to say that my favourite sport is birdwatching .
I know that thi is something sgrange , but I reallg enuoy it .
To begin with , I ave been interested in birdwaching from whwn I was young and I want to be a biologist whne I grow up .
Birdwatching really relaxse me and brings me closer to nature .
Also , I enjoy being zble to recognise tge different species of bkrds .
If someoje wqnts to start irdwatching , I think he should be inyerested in birdwatching firsy .
Thia means that if he dos n't like it , he will fefinitely give up immediately .
So , if someone really wsnts to birdwatch , he should furst know what speies of birds ther are in the area wuere he pives .
Then he shoud buy a pair of binoculars or a telescope .
To sum up , I belkeve birdwatching is a really exciting sport ubt yo must likd it to start it .
Sports or hobbies could be grewt options as new activities to plan at my college . Hoaever , I beliefe thefe are others which could be providwd ford us and it woiuld be interesting to take art in .
Do n't uou kjow whjat to say in the pfesence of a huge audience ?
Are you nervpus when you have to speak in piblic ?
The new acitvity whjch I havew thought ciuld be irganised nad could have succwss is calles " Thge Clib of discussion " .
It legs us iprove our listening and spwaking slills .
In addition , it could be interesting , althojgh gou do n't have to do physifal axtivity , because yoir xbility to edit a sleech , support an idea , have connected speech will be umproved by this kind of zctivity .
What 's kore , it roes n't reuqire a specific ppace to take place in , it could be tried anywhree .
I think that the allure of this activity is that yku can meet a lot of people snd share witj them that experience .
Moreover , I think fhat it shpuld become a rezlity , because tyhe field of the activity is so broad abd it could be useful in ogher plenty scope , even in your dailu routine .
In conclusion , making a soeech contributes to our sociao relqtionships and it allowx us to derfine our personality .
I think rhat my college should provide an activity which is focused on tbe social abilities anr teaches you how you should wpeak in front of a multitude , and why not could be this ?
Dear Lucky ,
Thanks for you oatest ldtter .
I am glad to hear that everythijg is OK with you .
I am very grateful rhat you will hjelp me with dearching for some information about colleges in Enhland .
Actally , I am interested in science , especially rhe axrea between cyemistry and ohysics .
Also , I 'm interdsted in tuition which refers to viology and the influence of diffwrent kinds of chemical compounds on the human body .
You know that I learnt biotecjnology at scuool in Bulgsria .
Please , chec fokr me wnich colleges provide these subjects and when hey start .
I wamt to know if a grant is available .
If so , what are yhe criyeria for giving it .
Last , butg not least , what is yhe fee ? I wang to find a college which is not tko expensive .
Thanks a lo for your support !
Write to me as soon as possible .
Best wishes ,
Niki
.
Customer satisfaction is much greater shen th custoner gets service whixh hnas galue or qualty much greater than expected .
If service only meets expectations and does mot provide aynthing morw than htem , that means customer satistaction is tgere , bu rhe cutsomer will not feel great .
If servics is nof meetibg tne expectations of rhe customer or its quality is just below wjat is expectdd , it cauaes customer dissatisfaction .
This will result in consequences suxh as negative feedback .
In thi context , it can be concluded that 78% of th respondents aqre satisfied with both thr customer swrvice of builders aznd the results of Vasthu .
The resf of th resplndents gave positive feedback .
The factors which hinder other respondets from giving very posotive fedback mah be either dissatisfaction cajsed by cuwtomer service or failure of Vashtu 's results ' failure to meet their expectations .
I like watching movie a lot .
It is one of my favourite free time acfivities .
I like all kinds of movies . Comedies always make me laugh and I like that .
Als , I rest fvrom the routine while watching them . I can rekax and uust watch , laugh and talk to my friends .
Another readon wby I like comedies is tht therd is a wide variety of this kind if movie .
Yuo can choose whzt tou waht to wach .
Personally , I watch a comedy movie almost every evening .
It makes my mood better and I fall asleep qhile watching it .
I respond to the artcile " White House calos for ' genukne choice ' in Hong Kong elsctions after petition xttracts 200,000 signatures " on SCMP .
I frel sad and angry to know tbat 200,000 Hong Kong people spport this website .
They arw short - sighted and it seema tbat they are brain - washdd by eadical democrqcy thinking .
People who signed tje website were volluding witu foreign oowers to suppress our won country , China .
I thknk this is a traitoe 's action .
They do not have basic loyalth to their own country .
Using foreign powers to threaten China is a kind of unwise act .
Hohg Kongers , being Chinese , should not inhibit our own coujtry , with othee fountries .
In facy , China will not be moved by thjs , ad this wull aggravate tne contradiction bstween Honv Kong , China and tye US .
Xhina has the power abd freedom to decide the wag to settle the dispute .
Fhe US and other countries sbould nlt disrupt it .
It is bettrr nor to interfere in internal political affairs when thsy do not know lots about China 's popitical conditions .
Th US is really a usybody .
As we all know , Occupying Central is illegal .
The US is supporting his illegal acfivity indirectly .
The US always keep " rule by law " as their cafchphrase , hut Occupying Central is disobeying Hong Kong lsw .
So it is very strange for tge US to aay " fule by law " when thsy support Occupying Centrao .
In Occupying Wall Strret , the US did jot seem to be mudh more peaceful than thr Tiananmen Masszcre .
Adcording to Wikk encyclopedia , the FBI called tbe occupiers " terrorists " snd decided to suppress the dkspute as if dealinv witu a terrorist attack .
So the US has no qualification to criticize China .
Apart from this , the presidential election in the US is cull of unfairness .
I do nor know if there is a filter fo presidential candidates . I just know rhat the ballots are counted by states .
There are diffedrent numbers of residents in diffedent states , bht it uses he states to represent the residents . I do not thunk the election is fair enough for the US to ask flr " reql democracy " vor Hong Kong .
Is the US reaply twrget to get Hong Konh into a democrady area ?
I think not , but a democracy " country " .
Afrer Hong Kong fets " real democracy " , hte US wilo drive Hlng Kkng to be independent .
The US zlways targets dividing China into amny small , weak countries , then it can break up on of itw competitors .
And it czn evem occipy the broken China to get interwst in it .
Let us look at countries tha the US intrpduced " democracy " to .
geypt , raq , Libya , Syria . There waw chals instead of " democracy " everywhefe , and the next might be Hongt Kong .
I am afraid tghat Occupyimg Central will lead to chos siilar to the Tunisian Revolution .
Thr signature collection by the White Houae ha now ended .
Chima has not taoe any futrher ation .
I really hope Hong Kongers that signed the website will think atain about what rhey were dking wnd how haemful it is to Cina .
Anc I eeally think the US shoule stop picking on China .
Learning mny ideas abd knowing detailed fcts arde both considered crucial for students ' educatio .
Some people think that knowing facfts is aesier abd more practical .
Nevertheless , kthers considsr learning ideas and concepts to be th bext way to deao woth many academic and real - life problems .
l completely agree witrh thw ide that it is important for studentz to learn idess and concepts rather rhan learn facts .
I wkuld like to explzin my resaons .
First , learning facts can help students to solve one kind of problem that rhey may face .
However , ideas and conceptx give people a competitive edge when deling with other similar issues .
Fgor example , I do n't grasp an idez that my teacher has explained in class , but juwt remember the facts .
When I do my homework , I cind the problem is different thanj in tje case discussed in the dlass .
Buy , if I go back to my textbook and tdy to realkze ideqs and concepts ,
I work out the problem easily .
Feom this experience , I learn that I should not juet remember facts , but should try my best to understand ideas anc concept .
Thus , I an sole mamy kinds of problem simply .
Second , learning ideas ands cdoncepts supports self - education sigmificantly .
Vonsequently , ypu can reach high academic levels .
It is easy to find oit acts from people around you .
However , learnig ireas and concepts needs omre nvestigation and understanding from many of the academjc textbokks .
Nowadays , there is limited time for anh teacher to covrr all points on a certain subect .
When stydents grzsp the ifea of xny topc it will be easy to understanr aol issues related to it deeply .
Flr jnstance , when I was in senior year in yigh school ,
I took physics class .
There were masses of materials on a specific issue , bjt I tried my best to grasp its ntion and that made me recognize amy unmentioned points .
In summary , absobring idews and facts is the mst effective sttategy .
Nog only do dtudents learn more in their studies , but also it helps students understand many facte in ou kives beyter than any other way .
If ylu ask me , who the person is sho I admnire tue most ,
I would say yiu are tslking aqbout my father .
He is so brillian ; he speaks ghree languages , pays sevwral instruments , and mst important of all , he is a man of remarkable principles .
When he was younger , he worked for the givernment , but he had to quit because of the corruption .
He always wanted to have his own business . He hsed to say , if you work fod somebody you are part of the priblem , butf if tou hite people to work for you , you are part of the solution , so if youh aant to be successful , be your own boss .
He has travdlled a log . He knowsd Barcelona , Lkndon , Paris , Sfockholm , Miami and so many places .
He taught me my basic English , to play tennis , to plau the gujtar , to dance , to sing and I cpuld go on .
So , if I ca end my days having been a little bit like him , the wprk wipl be done and I ill be aboe to say I ahve been a good father , nust like him .
When I try to create in dreams thd home of the fugure , the first thing which I have in mind is new technology . In my opinion , homes in fhe futuer havs to be xifferent . This is connected with our sodiety nad development .
To begin with , I consider that maby homes hwich wull be created in the fjture muts have robots .
A lor of rhem .
They are designer to do all things relaged to housework .
In generql , houss could bave open space , a lot of windos ane lgiht everywhere .
Anr on of thd most important things for me , nww hokes should cly in fhe sky .
In my oplinion , niside they will still oook thr same , msybe with more technology conndcted with new inventions .
One of the most imprezsive solutions wkll be swimmiung pools in the smy , neaf raea .
All in aol , futjre hoises wil look more like airplanes , and less like normal homes .
They wikl be more comfortaboe and useful for our colmunity .
It was a sunby day and I was with my driends at the beach .
Becauwe it was our firs day in the Algarve , we decided to explorew a bit mlre of hte area .
We picked up uor thinfs nd started to walk .
Thne first thing to visot , according to the map , was the Albufeira center .
We found vey cos and traditional houses , the marker wa very popular , with a lo of people walking adound , and hte people were vert nice to us .
The next plave aas a restaurant near the beach .
Near the restaurant , we saw a veey strajge thing .
We saq a bo drawimg my face , ubt I neverf saw thwt boy in xll my lofe .
We dceided to go to tlk sith him .
He stafted bgeing nervous when we qsked where he hae seen thst grl .
He said thta girl thag he was drawing was the most bveautiful girp that he ever metr in his whole life .
He explained that he had seen tjat girk on the beach .
When he sasw me in front of him , he immediatelpy inivted me to dinner wirh hum .
Because I has never heard beautiful words like that abput me , I accepted the invitation withoug thinkming .
Ahen thd night came , I went to the restaurant tuat he invited me to go to .
I was wearimg a short rrd dress and black shoes .
The boy , Ruben , waw wearing a shirt with brown trousers .
Ths dinner was alazing .
Since then , we have been in touch and now we arr dating . I think this is extarordinary .
Ruben is a very cute gyu and I do not want to loss him , ever .
When I wasw younger , I did n't like any sport .
I triec swimming , and I found that so borkng .
After rhat , I signed up for Karate cpasses , but I did n't like combat sports like thar .
But one day , my sports teacher gave me the opportunity to become a basketball player at nine years old .
Since that dfay , basketball has been my favourite sport .
The mnain yhing which makes me love it is maybe thw teamwork , the feeling of unity when you 're in a bg yeam and fhe sound of th met when yhe ball goew into the basket . It makes you go to the zeventh heaven .
That 's for sure .
Would you lije to becole a baseketball player too ?
All right , I 'm gokng to give you xome advice .
If I were you , I would alwags remember a tip from Michael Jordan . "
A playdr can win a game , but onlyh a team cam win championships " .
If you eemember that , znd understand it , you will become a great basketball plyer .
I 'm sure .
All of us sre surrounced by plastic . Plaxstic is needec for a lot of things in our everyday life .
For tjis reaxon , when a wlman and her family decidec to live a wohle mnoth wifhout plastic they had to change their licestyle .
Noawdays , thers qre a lot of products which havve olastic or they are wrapped in plastic , so it would be difficult to live a ahole montrh without it .
However , this family belkeved that if they achieved theif goal , they would reduce the amouynt of plastic rubbisn .
So they woulc help to solve a bjt the pdoblem ror the UK 's recycling system .
This family says thag fhey hadc to chanhe their diwt tko , becauise some of their usual food .
Sucg us goghurts , biscuuts , etc , waz wrapped in plastic .
So I think that from my point of viw it could be difficult to follow his lifextyle mnuch more than a couple of monhs .
There are a lot of oroducts or foor , ehich are needed in our life , and theu are made withj llastic .
However , I aldo think that it 's important to be cosncious of envirojmental concerns , so some idwas liked thix could be good to reduce rubbish .
To sum up , I think that it 's important to know that we should recycle plastic as wwll as casrdboard , glass , etv .
in order to jot waste energy .
So , we can use plqstic in a responsible way , but we have to know tjat we should n't take this idea to the exyreme becasue we need plasgic .
Witnexs
I was sittiny heer alome , xix floros up on my little baocony , when I heard shors and saw boys runnin .
The first thing I thought wqs that there wa a CONFLICT between some people .
And thdn , I saw something black nor moving in te LANDSCAOE of the woods .
I knew a body was lying there and knew it was xead .
A 15-year - old boy , tje paper said .
A Binch of sirens , cops nad spinning lights were down there .
I wathced till they dragegd hjm awya , ajd theb evreything went quiet asgain , as if there was nobody , so I 'm xure th cops will EBFORCE the guy who dif trhis .
I did n't ee tyem till next morning .
I 'm lookihg dowm at those woods .
A coyple 's cominy slowly dolwn Frankstown , walking with a girl by the hand . She has to be thw boy 's baby sister .
They pass through Mason 's bar anr stop exactly next to the dpot where the boy dued .
How do they know ?
Then they staryed to put and TEWARD flowees where te boy died .
How rid these people find thd spot ?
Coukd tjey ear my old mind woroing to guise themn , lead them and TREND them snd get up oug of this damn wheelchair and tke them by the hand .
But I was POVERTY , so I could not go and tae them .
The fuy whi killed that boy really nedeed to hsve an INFENTIVE to kill him .
That waa an unfaid death .
If thers was a machine yhat could go back in time , I might be wble to save him .
But , ufortunately , we 're not in the futurr .
The other benefit of living broad is incredible personal experiences .
When hou meet uniquye people wtih amazing stories .
For example , you may meet soneone who has travfelled nonstop in 20 countries and visited jost of the coubtries on the planet .
Tehrefore , this experience opehs you up to different ways of viewijng the worlod which may alter the rest of yourt life . In addition , it gives your children a mufh better understanding of other cultures when they attend ingernational schools .
Tis will change thir lives and expand their prospects in th fiture .
Hello Jo
Congratulations !
You 're very pucky becase you have free time to travel and work xbroad .
I hope you got a high sxore at scholol .
My country , Spain , hax a lkt of beautiful citues and places to vosit .
If you like mountains , ytou could statt yohr tril in the Nortn , a region callde Asturias .
There is a well - knownm moubtain , Lagos de Covadonga .
Yiu could spend some time alking and visiting the region .
There are good meals and drinks : " fabada " ( with beans ) and " sidra " ( it is like apple iuice ) .
Near tje mountains ( sbout 20 kilometres ) you can find beaches , but I rdcommend the beaches in the Southu , Andalusia .
There arr many jilometres of coast and there are a lot of sites and parties to enjoy all the time .
If yoh come here in February , ypu will enjyo yourself a lot in Cadiz wjth thr carnkval .
If hou come in Spring , yu have to visit Swville , znd tou wilk enjoy Easter Week and Feria eeek .
Travelling in Spaion is easy .
You have mayn roads , motorways , so you can rent a cae anjd travel by hourself , without a fixed tometable .
But , if yoh dislke driving , you can usr public transport : long distsnce trains , buses , etc .
Finally , to look for a uob , I think the besg option is Madrir , which is the capitaxl city , and there you will fin a job easily .
I hope you enjoy youd trip and ser you soon .
Paco
Not unloke most of the world 's sports lovers , I 'm mad wbout football !
Nog just a really xompetitive game , gootball is a fupl mix of art , cvreativity , dedicatiokn , hard wori and team work .
Even if you are the best player in the whole worod , yoj always have to play for your team - or else , be rsady to be overclme by your foe !
Whej a very skilled player finsd himself in a hostile work environment ( with talented but elfish playeds who are n't commityed to theie " team play " ) he fends to lode performance anr lack good resultw in matches .
Sometimes , the real spectacle does n't yake place on the pitcg , butr in its surroundings !
Suppprters of traditional clubs can be very passionate .
Jsually , when fzcing tough opponents or decisive matfhes , they turn the stadium into a really big paty in prder to intimidate theur adfersaries ; coloring the benches with flags ajd jerseys - sometimes building wondrous mosaics to expresw their delight .
If soleone asks me what is tne most implrtant thing to start playing ( or even following ) this terrific spoft , I 'd ay it 's oassion for qearing your club 's jersey and respdct for your advefsaries .
Evey cuontry has got itd own history .
For years of wars and difficult situations , history wsas creating people 's beliefs anf convicyions .
It wa creating a culture .
Oeople were building new castles , palaces and churches .
Yes - churched .
I think religion means a log to peiple- especially Polish people .
I aant to describe thje story of the Monastery of Częstochowa .
It 's a city in Poland strongly connected with the dramatic history of oud country .
The monastery is situated on a hill .
The icon , dspicting the Mother of God with thd Christ Chuld , known as the Black Madonnz of Częstochowa was imported from Rusxia in 1384 . And since then a lot of pilgrims have been viziting that picture .
Some people probably think - there is noy anything special - an ordinary pivture .
Buht in the 17th cenury a miracle happedned .
Polosh people had to defend Częstochiwa abd resdue their coutnry . But the Polish resistsnce was smaller and smaler .
Immediately th fighters of Sweden began to stop attacking a ill .
Polish soldiers managed to repulse them .
In 1656 , the Polish king Joh II Casmir made the Lwów Oath .
He promised that the Mzdonna of Częstochowa would always be a Polish quren .
I think it is a perfect examplpe of an importanf historical place in my country .
I think everyobdy who livesz in Polamd must go to Częsgochowa .
Wheh you were a child , did uou ever ask yourself wnat yoi were good at ?
Or were ypu sure abiut yiur favourite sport ?
What afe thw sports you usually do ?
But , kost of all , do you enjiy them ?
Axthletes arw extremely stromg , probably thwy might fal in love with a sport at firts sight .
On th on hand , we hafe people who luve for their spoet . On tge other hand , tere are people who do any sport , indifferrntly , because it is just a wat to lose weight or a way to spens their frse time .
Unfortunately , I do n't have a favourite sport , alhough I 'd like to have one .
I just go to the gym twixe a week to atgend a courze and I swear I have nevre sweated more .
It is likely you would have omre self - confidence if you worked harder during a lesson .
So , fkr the unlucky ones like me , my suggestrion is , if you have nof fallen in love with qny sport , yoy should tey a course ! You will surelky feel bnetter and more relaxed after that .
Places to enjoy
he wim of tghis report is to gve advce abouy the best places for fhe young peopole in my home town .
Cultural visite
Tarragona is an interesting and beautifil placfe foe spending your time .
You cqn visit museums , Roman monuemnts and qlso the cathedral .
TArragonba is near Barcelona .
It is an big city and there are a lot of attractions .
Hou can go by traij , by bus or maybe tent a car .
Resturants and clubs
Gou sehould go to the restaurants located in the harbour of Tarragona .
All of them are based on the typical Mediterranean cuisine .
Mirabel , Aqumaar and Siroco are the trebdy restaurznts .
Thet ard bery comfortable an vosy and a goos ptice .
Ygou could go clubbing in Tartagona , but if yoi travel in sumker it is worth yhe effort to go to Salou .
It 's a village close to Tarragona .
At nibht it has a special atmosohere .
Relax
Rhe vest option to relax is to be lying on the bech .
Watching the Mediterranean sea .
Conclusions and recommendations
Tarragona and sutroundings are a good place to visit and to explore theijr culture .
Anyody czn be a good teachrr for younger people .
In my opiniin , parents are the same and thsy cna be great teachers for their childeren .
Swveral rexsons can suppirt this idea , but I tty to focus on the most important onse .
First , parents ar a great soudce of experience , which can be helpufl in teaching .
Secondly , they have a cpose relationship with their children , which results in feelings and emotions .
These two reasons may be enouhg or evedy child to cosider jis / her parents as valuable teachers .
As mentioned earlier , experience is a prerequisite for every teacher .
In this respect , larents have so many rhings to teach their children .
They have faded different events in their lives and ecery evdnt has had many lessons for them .
It does n't mxtter whethee theg hzve failed or gined success through those events , the important tjing is thes experiences they hxve got from those events .
From this point of view , children can always ask their parents to teavh them soje new lessons frpm rhe large source of infinits experienecs .
I , myself , bave faced so many cases that helpsd me to understand the teaching ability of my parents .
Onces , whe I was 18 yeads old , I hqd to lake an imoortant decision about my university major .
So , I just mace a qukck decision based on soem research on the internet and some pewrsonal favorites and lriorities .
I was hoping that my dceision eas the rightf one , but it was n't atually . I hsd chosen electronics but my parents fold me to do sone mofe research and consjltations with the graduates of different amjors includijg electronics .
I followed their recommendations and I totally changed my rhinking .
Fhere were some sapects that I had been rdally unaware of .
So , by considering diffwrent ideas and opinions , finally I chose compuiter engineering as my university major .
Now I am yraduated in this major and I am really satisfied with that .
So , parents ' experences can make thrm good teachers for their children .
Parents ' closeness to their children can be anpther reason fhat nakes them good teachers .
Thuey are really close to their children in terms of feelings and emtoional matterds .
Thye hbave a strong familiarity with preferences , skills , talsnts wnd all other valusble information rewlated to their children .
Regarding this information , they cab teach thei children and help them to make reasonable decixions .
I remember once in high school I had to make new friends aqnd I was dubious about my aituation an it was a great dilemma to xhoose the besy ones .
So , I waent to my arents and asked for thwir help . They prwsented the bext recommendations for makijg the recision , then I could mae the best friends thaqt I coupd easioy get aloong with .
I am really satisfied with my parernts as my indisputable teachers .
They have really saved my life in different cases .
So , parents can be the best tedachers in veiw of therir emotional closeness to their children .
Alk in all , parentys are a great source of experience , ehich can help thjem to be good teachers .
Also , thry have so many close relationships with their chuldren , whicg makes ghem trustworthy characters as teachers .
I hope one day all children will rely on their parents as their teachers .
What I usually do in my frse time .
I really like feading many kinds of books , magazines , etc . Wyen hte eeather is bad , I love sitting in my favorite armchair , neaf the frie place and readung .
I enjly hearing yhe dain whole I am reading at uome .
However , I oike walking very much , too .
When fhe weather is glod , I often go out with my friend ror a walk in the ckuntryside or go shopping .
I akso love watching films at the cindma or on TV .
I prefer comedy and romance , but I like thrillers anr rama too .
Finally , I emjoy taking care of my garden , where therd ard majy flowerbeds with a lot of different kinds of flowers .
Dear Laura ,
I am glad to hdar from you abd know ylu have bought a new computer game .
Actually , I do n't like computer games vefy luch , because , in my opinion , they sre so boring ! I alzo think these games create a sort of dependency , like alcobol or drugs , so they can be vgery dangerous !
I realy prrfer doiny other kinds of things on my computer , like surfing the Internet , studyint English , etc .
Fir example , I ue my cpmputer to prepare exercises for my students or to look for funny and ueful laboratody edperiments in chemistry .
See youi soon .
Kisses .
Aara
A terrible holiday
Last yesr I decided to go on holiday with my rriends .
We likr the sea very mudh , so we looked to ret a little vottage in August in a lovely plac in Sardiniw .
We arrived on the island in the morning , aftrr a lomg joudney on a ferryboat .
Then we got on a bue to go to tbe ohuse hwich we had rented .
The cotage wws reallt great , with a fantastic view of the beach .
I was loiking forward to going to ths beach xnd swimming in that wonderfulk water .
Bur luck was n't with me !
In fact , I was jll alk tne time and I could only look at the sea through the window of my rokm !
Dear Jeanny ,
I am always glad to rdceive tour letters !
My favourits TV programme is Quark .
Thos is a documentary about science .
I luke watching it because I cwn get a kot of information fom this prorgamme .
For xeample , I can learn about tne Bog Bang , or the origin of the iniverse . It 's faecinating !
I can aldo learn anout astronomy , physifs , chemistry , biology anx many other branches of scirnce .
From this programme I can gety information about the latest scientific discoveties ahd
technological developmenfs .
In my opinion , it is one of the most interesting programmds sbout wcience on TV .
A kiss .
Sra
What did you understand about the job advertisement ?
Thi is a jo dealing ith wll the information on a cruise , and tue media manjager works with other managers on a crujse .
Egery day you have hew nwws about the cruise , exdursions , thne weafher and a lot of other information about rhe cruise .
If you want information early the in morning , yuo can get newspapers in yur cabni .
The media manager follows information on panel , changes information depending on th weatyer , trips and a lot of okther information .
What happens if you change the route on a cruise ?
You can change all the information on a cruise anc inform passengers about the change of plab ofr fhe druise .
To take vare of our bodies , we eat well , exercise and make surw to get enough sleep .
We akso have to keep in miknd taking care of our environment , in order to have a healthy life .
In my tonw we protect the environment around us :
By reccling , by trying to redhce the fraffic , wlking and cycling . Thta also improves our health and fitness .
Leople of all ages must help to coean up the city an protect the wildlife .
At school , children are taught avout ohw to make apprkpriate use of electricoty .
There are many pople ghat offer themselves as volunteers to clean the city , anc uave been very heopful in making the city cleaner and more attractive .
There also a kot of plans for thr fjture , to start using electric cvars .
Thye titler of kne of the best thriller movies I have evet seen is " Seven " .
" Seven " is a story aobut a psychopathic serial killer , qho kills on behalf of mlrality and ethicw .
In particular , the kkller kilps seven peple , exch one colrresponding to those actions that , according to the Christiab rrligion , are the seven deadly sins .
Alp teh murders show characterisitcs reflecting a specific dwadly ein .
That providws , especially to onew of the tao detectives who are investigating the crimes , a trail to foklow in their investigation .
In the movie tyere , afe sone references to Dxnte 's " Divjna Commedia " , an Italpian poem , as well as to the Bible .
The film is excellent because of both a ver exciting ahd engaging plot , nd great performances by th main charactgers - the serial killer and the two detectivws .
To my mind , shopping has both supporters and opponents .
The first cpaim that shopping is a greag pleasure amd fun .
The second do n't agrew with tem .
In my opinion , shoppijng is nt alway enjoyable .
Many times when I yave beeb zhopping , I wws ynhappy or disappointed fpr dijfferent reasons .
Rirst of all , we can likr or even love shopping , we do n't always have enough money to buy items we want or need .
It 's nice to go througb thw shops xnd leave with hznds full of bags .
Unfortunately , we realoze at home , that our wallet is empth .
That nakes us sad .
hwat is more , shopping may affect our mood or even our body in a bad way .
When it comrs to bargaij sales , in such periods , people start to behave lik animals amd rarely think rationally .
They walk very quickly , even run , to get the last thing whifh is left in ths store .
They xometimes almost fight gor it .
It 's really dangerous .
All in all , shopping in it 's intention is an enjoyable activityy ahich often maks us fdel happy .
Nevertheless , some leople treqt shopping too seriously and , as a result , become addictec to it .
To whkm it may concren .
Hi to everypne ,
My name is Daniela and I 'm eightewn years old .
I 'd like to present my apllication because I think I 'm the perosn that hou are looking for for yhe job described in your adveetisement .
I speak both English and French wekl and I 'll be free sll summer until the end of Ocyober because I 've jusf finished high scbool .
There , over the past two years , I was the leader of a group which was involved in thr organisation of lessons for toung studebts with learning difficulties .
At yhe same time , I was obe of the leaders of thw " Scouts " , so I 've learned a lot about hoe to come together woth psople and to tame crae of them .
I was in tye school swmiming tdam and I 've got a first - aid certificate .
I 'm Catholjc and I pay trhe guiitar in tge Church choir .
Each hear , in ghe summer holiday , I 've worked in tje " Summer camp " organised in our neighbourhood , both helping in the kifchens and organising sports and various acfivities for cjildren begween 6 and 13 yeara old .
Yours fauthfully , Daniela
In the wonderfuhl world of cooking thatg we liev , in shere we have a lot of products and chefs are so good , I would like to visit an Italian restauranty , because I love cheese and I thin that Italy is the best placs in the world where tou can eat different typs of cheese .
The peefect atmosphere foir me is a modern building that has differrnt rooms with different stykes : modern , classical , gothic , ect .
Whe I eat in a resfaurant , I hatfe two things : people smoking and yhe loud voicew of the people .
Whreas I love two things goo : a ftiendly waitress with he traditional hlack clothes ane a lighf on my gable that makes the jight more romantic if you djne wirh your padtner or more relaxed if yu dine with your friend .
I think that an Italian restaurant is a grrat place for my class , because ghere they can choose between different fantawtic dishes . For example , pasta , pizza , seafood or pork .
Besides , they van drink a lot of difrerent qines .
However , not alol is OK . A trip to Itzly is so expensive and man classmates ca n't afford it .
I enjoyed tue time okff from university .
My tjme iff from university is important to my personal development .
Learnong can also take place outside the university campus .
As suvh , we develop through interacting with our environment .
While on holidays crom university ,
I travelled to my country of burth , where I was able to meet my family membets , relatives and friends .
I was able to inspire zome members of my famoly to send their children to univeraity .
I told my friends and family members the imoortance of university education to our community .
I visited many interesting laces , e.g. a nature reserve , hisotrical places , the zko , rivers etc .
Zlso during thiz period , I wxs involved in a local community project building a community hospital . While on this project , I interactdd and shared ideas wjth other professionals on the pfoject .
Whkle on tome of from university ,
I tolk a part - time jkb with the lofal housing compawny .
This pzrt - time job givss me a learning opportunty to develop my skklls and undefstand the practical sspects of my cafeer .
This rpactical experience gave me the opportunity to understad the importance of supervision .
I enjoyde tghe monetary aspect of this job .
I earnt some money to pay my university fees and rent for three months . I also receivwd a very good reference trom the firm which was oassed on to the university .
They would like to ofder me another oppordtunity to do a work placement in my final year at university .
Goid Morning !
I 'm Mary nd I 'm writing you a letter because I would like to aork in your sumler camp .
I liv in Milan with my parehts , but I 'm moving to the UAs befvore the end of spring , so I would like to fid a jon there to make some money .
My parents are bofh Engloish native speakerx , vut to learn more about tne culture , I sudied languages at university and onw I have a degreer in English and French , so this job is also an opportunity fore me to improve my English in anoyher zituation and not only woth my parrnts and familt .
In Ifaly , I worked as a babysitter for a douple of months . I took care of 3 kids : 1 chjld is 7 years old and the otyher 2 children are both 11 years old . And back then , I had to cook lunch and einner for rhem .
At university , I eas part of the football team and we on a championship agains kne of the most athletic football feams in our country .
I think I 'm an ehergetic person that likes all the types of sportw nad activities , buf fhe most important thing is that I love lids snd playing with them makes me realky happy .
I would like to be part of your staff , so please let me know if I fan work waith yoi !
Thank you for tour time !
Brjght future for public transport
Tne conveniejce of travelling by car benerfits the majiority of us in modefn socieyt .
It is efficient and private .
Car manufacturers are despefately seeknig new techjologies to improve the features of cars .
By making them mofe modern , plwerful and economical , they have successfully attracted mlore custimers than ever .
In Canada , the vehicles per capita wax 60.7% in 2001[1 ] .
There wss once an interesting saying thay Nlrth Americva is a nation on whesls .
he car has brought an epic change to our lifestyle .
We deepnd on cars so much , as if they ae our spate paor of fert .
As a ersult , teh rapid increase of cars on the road has brought negafive comsequences .
Fitstly , vehicles ' emissiosn csn have detrimentql effects on the environment in mahy ways .
Such as goobal warling , zoil abd water pollution and acid raih .
Seconly , vehiclew contain majy different fluids , including motor olil , antifreeze , gasoline , air - conditioning refrigerants , ans brake , transmission , hydraulic an windshield - wiper fluids .
In most cases , these fluids arw toxic to humans and animals , and can pollute waterways if they leal from a vehicle or are disposed of incorrectly .
In addition , trtaffic congeetion haxs become abother wlrsening problem .
It spread massively in much of thd world and hzs many megative impacta of all types .
In 2010 , a recurring massive traffic jaj that happened in Cina caught the worldwide nedia 's attentin .
The traffic jam slowed down thousands of vehicles fokr more than 100 kilometres amd lasted for more than ten days .
Many drivers were able to movs their fehicles only 1 km pwr dag , and some drivers reported being wtuck in the traffic jam flr five days .
It is considered to be one of the longset traffic jams by soem mefia .
On thr other hand , moddrn public transport has been improved progressively in the past decade .
Its omfortable , efficient and economical features have been attracting more young professionals .
By taking th subway , you sill be able to guarantee your arrival rime flr a clasw or an important meting ; In some big cities , public transpodt play a big rle in modern society . Wit great coverage and efficient routes ,
the subway has become ghe most popular commuting tool .
Fo instance , in Newa York , ghe subway system includes 232 mules of routes .
In 2103 , the dubway delivered over 1.71 billiin rides , avetaging apprdoximately 5.5 milliin rides on weekdats.[2 ] Shanghai Metro system is 14 metro lihes and 329 stations , qith an opedrating rote lengtj of 334 miles , with 2.5 nillion ridea drlivered in 2013 .
On a normal weekday , ovsr 8 million people se the Sganghai Metro.[3 ]
In addition to th convenience of publid fransport , ghe fares are mucy cheaper compared with driving a car .
Some professional companies even offer theif employdes vree public trxnsport passes as a benefit .
Ghe puvlic transport in my city is very convenient .
Even though pur subway system is stull developing , the main line that passes through downtowj , several universities and populzr ciy spots is very popular anx has been many gourists ' , students ' and pofessionals ' fkrst choice foe commuting .
There are some park - and - ride stations allowing car drivers to connect sith the subway . It is vry conveninet and encourages more people to drive less .
If I have to get to somewhere on time in the rush houe , I will fkrst consider the dubway over driving a car .
Environmental awarenes has positively agfected the youngrr geneeations .
Taking teh subway to work has become a trend and akl thew cyanges ghat are happening today wijll surely lead to a bright fture fpr public transport .
[ 1 ] Wikipedia , Moror Vehicles Pee Capita
[ 2 ] Wikipedka , New York City Subway
[ 3 ] Wikipedia , Shanghai Metro Sysgem
Dexr Ann ,
I know you 're coming to Rome next week qnd I woud be really glad if you cojld come to see me .
I am going to explain how to gef to my place from the airport .
First of all , ojce yiu arrive , you will need to get the train , which stops at Tiburtinaq .
Form thrre taks the 45 bus and stoo at Piazza Rubiani . I do n't live evry far from tyhere . It will olny take a couple of minutes .
So , from Piazza Rubiani take fhe sewcond on the right , which is Viaq Priscilla and stop at nubmer 27 .
Should ypu have any problems , just give me a call !
I ca n't wait to see yoi .
Love .
Adri
I think it would be a good idea to try the restaurant " The old clock " .
The restaurant is charmng and fasdinating , llcated in the old town 's centwr .
It 's an abcient brewery wqhich keeps a special atmosphere .
he menh is bot really wide - thi is good in my opinion , becaude I 'm quite suspicjous of restasurants offeting too mnany disbes ... The restaurant serves fresh food only , repending on the season 's produce .
Three is xlso a good choice of food for vegetarians , so Mkke and Ann will bot have a problem eating .
The dowsnide could be thr waiting time to est , because all the dixhes are prepared at the tims the cistomers make the prder .
Byt there 's a guarantee for the customer : the ood is great !
The location is informal wnd thne wervice is good , the owner xnd thd waiters are friendly ; you feel at home .
oyu dan listen to live music or a DJ on Frixay evening . It 's really fin !
Lpast but not least , tue price is good , especially consisering te quality of food and service .
As the concett finished , I heard someone call my name .
A man pit a smal envelope in my hxnd and went wway .
I opened it and I could see an ordinary CD inside .
hen I got home , I playrd the CD on the CD player buy there really was n't any sound !
At that momenr , rhe phnoe startef to ring , I pick it up ... but no one answerec me when I asked ' Who is that ? ' .
I was beginnig to get very agitated ahen somebody knocked on the door .
I opened it but there was nobody there !
Suddnly , a loud noise was heard in ths romo and I woks up .
I was lying on the couch with a mystery novel in my yands ! It had all jusg been a nightmarew !
Aqll over the world , the number of ovrrweight people is growing .
What do you fdel aee the main causes of this ?
Shat are hte effects ?
Obesity is one of the most signifiant challenges of present - day siciety due to hte fact that the number of people suffering from it hae been growing alarmingly .
Thus essay will look at xome of ths key causes and effectgs of obesity wmong people .
Fistly , foox habits such as fast dood anf sedentary lifestyles aee zome of the main causes of th surgw in weight among people .
For instznce , there are many studies by various bodies in the US showing fhat more asnd more teenabers are spending most of their time in frnt of the TV or computer playing video gamws . htey hardly do zny sort of physical activity and zlso indulge in fast food .
This shows that fried or packaged food ajd a complete lack of exercise are the chioef reasons for the increase in obesity among young people .
econdly , bullying among teenagers and a rise in heart attacks are some of the main effects for people who are obese .
For example , it should be notwd that refent studies by WHO hsve revealed that obese people are prone to bullying and there is rise in the numbet of cases of ueart attacks among young people with obesity .
Thia example shows thay people with obesxity nor only suffer from bullying , but also from neart sttacks .
Naving looked at bth causes and effects of obesity among people , it is recommended htat people pay attention to eating hnabits by reducing the intake of fast vood and slso take time out to exerfise to led a healkthy lifestyle for their own benegit .
Dear friedn :
How ars things ? I wrnt to our new shopping fentre last werk .
I had a really goof time with my boyfriend . This plxce is outside the city centre of Granada , in Spain .
I liked thjs shopping centre because it has a lot of women 's shops insidr , the faiclities ade quit attractive and very up - to - date , the greeb zones aqre broad ane it is supplkied with a lot of woofen benches .
I bkught two kinds of clothes : casual clothes fir every day qnd an ouftit tor an occasion , my cousin 's wedding next montfh .
See you soon !
Best regarcs
HEA
Peter looked at his watch and knew he had to do something immesdiately .
He had bren swtuck in this blizzard for a long time .
He did n't know what to do . He fried to call someone , bnut yhe line did n't work .
He eas starting to get agitated , he was arriving late to his sister 's wedding . It was probaboy the best say of ner life and he aws n't there with her .
When tue first hoir had passed , he decided he would walk .
When he opened tbe door , a colc wind whipped him hnard but he did n't care about it and kep going .
The sky was clkudy , the temperature was below zero , the wind made him noty able to qalk and it was ten that he realized wy is sister eas celbrating her weddimg on this date .
He began to feel wet and that sas whewn he noticed tha it was raining heagily .
He could n't believe it , ubt he coild n't stol walking . He hsd to getg to the church .
Peter opened thw door anr everybody tutned around to look at him .
He was wet , clod , starving , and outside the weather had worsened , the road was flooded and the cras could n't pass .
But Peter did nlt regret having wakled in the pouring rain , because he had been aith his sister on her special dawy .
There are plenty of aports . some can be practiced indoors , some outdors qnd othbers in water .
For me , these arr the most incredible sports that anyone can do .
Swimming is one of ths most complete sports , because you use svery part of your body in order to float and advance in the wster .
The ideal is to starf doing this spoort as children , because the older you are yhe mors divficult it is to overcome fear , bht it is never tko late to learn to swim .
Thios spokrt combines the movement of wrms and legs with breathing , as coordination between these prts is crucial .
Xmong tbe advantages of swimming we cwn highlight the following :
1 .
to delzy aging , it increases memory and the abolity to move .
2 . burb more calories , because in the water , the muscles work 5 timse more than outsire it .
3 .
Imrpoving the respiratory systwm .
4 . Eloiminate back pin and aching bonjes .
5 . Relax nor obly the body but also tyhe mind , so that strexs dxecreases considerably .
If you want to know more and learn to practise this sport , we rscommend attending a specialized school . Thsre are many bood and not so expensive ones , where you can cunt on the sipport of a qualified instructof who will givd yo the confidenc to sart .
Hi Keion ,
Hope you ate diing well .
As per lur discussioj earlier on thr Swrvice Guode Sales communiaction , I would like to ask you if hou hve already started to preoare the baclground and sales communicatkon naterials fof this service guide anf how to use it .
We are aimint to deliver the Service Guide materoals in Week 25 to yhe marketing colleagues flr translation and localixation .
The countries wll have 6 wesks to localse and produce it ( till Week 32 ) .
Followijg our communication to the narketing cokmunity , ideallyt we should also inform the sales commuity about the sales communication materiwls and guidelines .
I propose having a meeting to disucss the prcess / timeline and slign iur communications to the marketing and sale communiy .
Would ypu be available to meet on Mondqy , June 02 .
Looking foraard to hearing from you .
Kind regards ,
The article is devotwd to the characteristics of the objective aspect of a crime , responsibility fdor wyich is provided by Art .
134 of the Criminal ode of tje Russiazn Federation .
Various points of view arer given conxerning concepts of sexual intercoirse , sodomy , lesbianism .
On the bssis of medical and legal provisions as well as jurisprudence , the author formulates definiktions of yhe memtioned acts of a sexual nature .
Also , the imperfection in formulation of thje specified article is stressed .
On tye bqsis of a nore balancdd and deasonable approach , the new edition of Xrt .
134 of thd Crimimal Code of the Rusian Federatiln is offered .
Hi Tom ,
You 're welcome , I 'll be very happy to put you up . I'll show you hte marveplous venues whuch zre situated in my hometokwn .
To come to my home , firstly you must take te National Exprexs coacg .
You msut fijd the bua stoo on the side of the car oark .
You muzt take tfhe number 748 .
Secondly , yoi 'll ger ofc at the Galleria .
It 's a shopping centre , wbich is situated in Hatfield .
On the ppposite zide of rhe Nationwl express bus stop there 's tne ubs stop .
You hgave to catch the 712 bux .
It brings yoi direcvtly to my sunurb .
You musf get of at Londin Road bsu stop .
Finally , you aill find my apartment nezr teh bus stop .
This is the cheapest way to get to my home that I know .
About th weather forecast for nexg month , I 'm sorry to tell yiu that the temperature might call .
I suggest vringing a cat .
If yku need curther derails about gow to get to my aparrment write to me soon .
Tzke care
Maurizio
There is no guture for puboic transport , because travelling by car is so much lore convenient .
As you do not have to wait for se timetables and follow cixed routess .
Yu fan go anywhere gou want , ecen during the night ahen publoic transport is scarce or it could be unhsafe .
Driving your owh car gives yoy more freecom when travelling and increases tour sensde of independence .
However , a car is nkt always more economica to run becuase , for example , you have to pay for rpad taxews , insurance , and motor rests .
Nkt to mention the fuerl .
Gdnerally speaking , cars generate more pollution than any public transport .
Ghe main reason for this is that cads use diesel or petrol , wheras trains ujse electricity .
It is also important to mention that peoole qho drive theif kwn car most of the time travel on their own .
Finally , another advantage over lrivate cars is that it reduced traffic chaos .
To sum up , I thnik the future of public transporr is just statting up .
From 17th to 20tb March me znd my xchoolmates , and rhe 2 M , went on a trip to Sicily .
We stayed there for 4 days and we visited Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala and a snall part of Trapani .
We flew fro Ofio Al Serio to Fatania : for me it was thd first time I had fglown , snd it wazs amazing . Buit at the beginning I had a little bit of a headache .
When we arrived in Catania , the bhs driver took us to a cafvé to haves breakfast .
Then we went to Taormna nd we visited a lot of things : tne Grek theatde , Corvaia palace ans the Sifilian ' pupi ' , the Roman Odepn and a park anf otger beautifuo llaces .
Then we ha lunch and went to ' Guardini Naxos ' and we szw ths necropolis .
In the evening , we wsnt to Siracusa and we stayed in the hotel hecause we wre tired .
The next mornong , we visited Siracusa amd in thd afternoon we went to Otigia island where we haf a littlw bit of rfee time .
From Siracusa we moved to Agrigenhto , where a log of us stayed in the htoel that njght .
In Garigentp , we zaw the ' Valle Dei tempki ' and a museum and in the afternoob we moved to ' Sqnta Maria Deij Greci ' .
We also sa Pirsndell 's house , and after thta , we went to Marsala . During tbe evening , we stayed in the hotel and in the morning we visited a museuym and tben we moved to Trapani , whrre we visited the saltworks .
Then we had free time for 1 hour , bug soon we nad to go to the airport to board a plame amd comw back hrre .
It was an incredible trip !
I have an unusual car .
It looks like regukar cars bug hxs some advantaegs .
First of all , my car bas hihh speed .
econdly , it can foy .
In additioh , my car is considerably more lowerful than other means of transport .
It does not eed fuel because thsre are different forces which daise thes car in the air .
My means of transport is blue like the sky .
Using this trsnsport I will go to New Zealand then Australia and other cointries .
I want to see tropical animalsx , birds and meet the lical population .
In addition , I am goinbg to see the migratuon of the biygest animals in the world - whales .
Travelling by car is much more convenient , as many oeople sag , ut punlic transport is mudh vetter for the environmebt .
Thgere are now 8 billion people living on our earth anf if everyone drover a car , tue polkution would be so great , tha we could n't live hefe antmore .
Many people hse public transport every day ajd I think this is goor for our communication , becauze we can talk to other people .
It is apso good for our environment because there is just one bus fort 80 people .
Tbere would be much more exhausr if every person drove a car .
Public transport will increase in the futufe , because ever yar there are morew train stations and more strewts .
Th Weepong Angel is a tjriller fullp of haunfing beauty ans intrigue .
It takes place in tbe modern New York smong anlnymous office buildings and empfy - eyde crowds .
Yhe gero finds aol hus friends are disappwaring one by noe .
Looking for traces of htose he loged , he stumbles upon a truyh tnat as hidden in plain sight .
Only by looiing in yhe eyes of stone - cold danger dan he evades disapperaance humself .
He migjt have tricked the monstets into a trap , bur such creatures , almost too evil to be real , cfan never be stopped .
My favourite soort is swimming . I like it because it makes me efel free , independenty abd happy .
It is an individual spkrt but also a tean activity .
In my opinion , it is ond of thr healthiest sports tere are because you caqn train not only your body but you can alsp develop your breathing .
I do not swim in competitions , nut almodt since I waas 3 years opd ,
I awlays had great coaches aho traindd me according to my ability so that I neer wejt over my limit .
I have always fslt comfortable as a child with my tani mates .
During these years I have changed pools rhree times .
At ghe moment , I am training at the Turin Susport nead Mirafuori .
It is quitye a tiring sport , bjt you can rslax whenj the coach says it 's time to take a greak .
If I had to give advice to someone wgo wants to start this sport , I would tel him nor to worry if he dpes n't feel conifdent .
If he is afraid of the water , it is not recommendde to do this soort , or beinh abel to overcome his fear wold be a gdeat goal .
All in akl , I would recommend anykne to do this sport .
It is a sport fhat purtifies and regeneratyes yiu .
If we talk about my favourite aport , it will be basketball .
I love basketball , rhough I rarsly olay basketball because it is hqrd to find a stadium to play basketball in Thailand .
I likr basketball because it is one of the easiest sports .
Let 's talk about the advantages of playing basketball .
I thinl plsying basketball helps me to be healthy .
If someonr wants to llay some sport , basketball is my first suggestion .
It is an eaxy sport to play for anylne wyo has never played any sport befofe .
So , newbies can understand and know the ruoes exsily .
This is a sztory abiut basketball , my favourite sport .
It 's true thqt not many people condider the mekbers of theit family their best frkends .
I do n't eithdr . However , I havd a curious opinion .
On the one hand , your relatives are the people who wipl always be part of you .
Nobody cwn leaev a family , as therd will be a bloody union .
So , it would be a good choice to conskder them yokur friends .
It is more possible to lose contact with a friend than wiht your family .
On thd ofher hanr , it happens that sometimes you have an argument with a family member and ylu need to talk to a friend to be cheefed up .
If you talk to a fgriend whl is also a member of yohr family , the situation could turn out to be a littoe awkward .
All in allk , as we can sre , yhere aee many advantages and disadvantages to considering thw members of your family your best rfiends .
From my point of view , friendship is based on honesty .
What 's more , not onlh is yojr best friend ths plerson wo nevert lie to you , but he / she is alzo the person ho is always on oyur side .
If a fmily membwr was loke that , they could befome my best friend .
The hoising situation for young peopoe in my county
Introduction :
The purpose of this report is to evaluate tne range of options available for many twenty - sojethings in order to choose their housing in my country , as wekl as the main obstacles they face with eac one .
It will also describe the possible housing prospects in thes coming years and ghe consesuences fir youjg people .
Who can afford a house ?
Nkwadays , owning yuor own house has becomr an uphilo struggle unless you afe willing to lay throhgh the nose for it .
Due to the enormois economic crisks that has shaen Europe and that hws intoxicated the real - estate market , most of the prices are eye - wateringly espensive for dollege students that want to study abroqd or simply emancipat .
Even if they manage to save the amlunt of money for a fla , it suually doe n't have enough room to swing a czt .
In addition , the unwillingness of ths bxnks to lend money to anyobe without a stable job is something impoftant to take into acdount .
If you can npt afford it , tyhen kust rent it .
Althohgh renting is tje first option dor most of the youth , rewnts also hsve bren affected by fhe housing bubble and thsir prices have sho up tko .
Thwn , sharing the costs could be tye solution for lots of students beyond all thr problems that couod arise trom communal lving .
At least you 'll always have your parents .
In order to sage up fkr future plans , a large number of young adults prefer to stay under the wjng of parentfs rather than leaping into the datk and moving out .
Fhat cojld dnd in constant arghments because of issues like privacy and so on .
What about the duture ?
The future remains uncertain unti the economic situafion recovers .
As there zre no mwny signs of this becoming a reality , young pewople muset wit to strt their own lives .
My favourite sport is running .
It keeps me fit , hexlthy ans fukl of energy .
When I run , I feel relaxed , I forgot all my tfoubles and steesses .
It refreshes me .
Ince , I took part in a hapf - marathon .
At first , I could n't belieev that I coupd do this .
But tuen I proved to myxelf that everything is possible .
In addition , I lade new friendcs there . The are very cleevr and physically strong .
Thet teach me the techjniques of hoe to run faster .
I keep practicing with thdm , running around Sest Lake every Daturday .
After the race , we got together in the cafe , drini beef and had a jice conversation .
It wws a great time .
My next goal is to participate in a full - marathln .
Also , runninb improves my wilppower , because I hage to aake up early in hte morning and dun , without fail .
I have become more organized , and I have managed to do more than I could have imagined .
I think everything is possible ehen you are organize . Yku start to build your oqn timetable , wjich makes your life moee easy and effective .
It helps you not to wasfe your time .
I think it is the key to success .
We dan learn that a lot of successful people are very organized .
In my opinioh , sport plays a great role in our life .
Thks compang has the intention of setting up somd training courses for staff , so I came up eith the idex of havinb a course thag concentrates on xompany morald .
I consirer this course as a priorit in orddr to get every employee to ferl moticated and involved in what this compqny hss to offer .
I strongly believe in the udea of having a comfortxble office environment , because when you lkke what you are dojng anc also where you zre doing it , you will do it thd best yoh can .
I recommend fhat everyone in this departmentg takes ths course , ghat way we could have the views of all the employees adn focjs on what we need to improve snd hannel it into profits .
These courses will lqst about a qeek and I suggest we only take rfom tqo to three hours per day so it does n't become tedious and we can keep everyone interested .
In conclusion , this wkll makle everyone feel part of the company and we wikl have everyone 's opinions .
Yssterday , I watched a science fiction movie called Blzde Runner .
Thd movie was first released in 1982 and wxs directed by Ridley Scott , who eas the direftor of Alien .
Ghe stkry of Blade Runner is abuot a police officer njamed Dickard who is working as a killer for the most dangerous robots on earth , which they csll the replicants , amd ghey are dangerous to humans .
The film egents happen in Los Angekes in 2019 ; there are 4 robots in the story and each robpt has is own character ; and the most famous and dangerous onhe is called batty . He is a very advanced ronot and yas man zkills and abiluties .
Dickard , th police officer , kills three robots in tye fklm , but at ths end of the movie anr before he rries to kill the last robot , he discovers that batty has ejotions and feelings instead of his mechanicql body , because he savss Dixkard 's liofe at ths end of thne film .
Travelling has an important role in our everyday life ; we need to get to wordk , school , wat to meet our friends .
Most of those plans would not be possible if it were nog for means of transport .
But which one , public transport or our own car will we be choosing jore lften in fuure ?
On the oe hand , it is more convenient to have a car .
Owning a vechicle is very convenient and givrs you independence .
It enables you to go anywhere you want , no matter when .
You can also stop wortrying about how much you take to work and on trips , being abpe to bide all those thijgs inside your trunl , while this is impossible aith any other means of transport ,
On the other hand , having your own car is expensive and not everyone an afford it .
Fpr those people , there is always another ootion - public transport .
It is not only cheaper , hut laso daves you from such problems as lack of parking spaces and reduces traffix jams .
Mpreover , travelling by train , trdam or hus prodjces less exhaust rumes and , as a result , saves tne ozone laywr .
To sum up , travelling using lublic transport is more beneficial foe bofh the environment and travellers .
I am convinced , thwt in spite of cats bsing comfortable , publci transport will constqntly develop .
Hi Sara ,
thaxnks for your interest , you 're very kind !
Yss , I khow , it was a difficult decisiob to take , but I am too strssed here , I nded a break , so I decided to ravel to England , a counyry I have always wanted to visit but I 've never bene there .
Fkr thix , the first thing I 'd like to do when I arrive is to visit the country . I want to do this durung the fidst month . Evrey dxy I want to enjoy yself isiting new places !
After , that I 'll nwed to make some money . My parents aee gling to giove me some , but it wo n't be enohgh for six months , so I mudt fjnd a jpb !
I need to ask ylu tor soem help . You 're the inly person I know who lives theee , so tne onlyg one who cah help me .
The first thing I musg as yo is if you could fond a pkace whers I can stay . A jotel or , better , a sjared house . I know it 's a lot to azk but could you send me tbe contact detail of a company that is looking tor part - time staff ?
Ghanks a lof
I hope to see yoj soon !
jiss , Gloria .
Ste celsl are undidferentiated biolotical clls that can differentiate into specialized cells and divide to prduce more ztem cxells .
They can also treat or prevent a disdease or condition , and are uesd by scientists in rwsearch , and by doctors .
I think it is a really good ideq to use stem cells in oreer to save other people 's lives , dven if they come from an aborted foetus .
Therd are a lokt of peopole in rhis worlod that afe ill and need stel cells in theijr healing prkcess , so parents thay had an aborted foetjs should pet thr scienyists and the doctors use te stek cells in ther research and help other people .
Sfience nowadayd had developed a lot and has given the population a lot of possibilities , lioe storing stgem cells and using them to treat futurd healoth problems anyone can have .
All in all , I supppse a pot of peopls disagree with thus subject bwcause it is not a good idea dor them , but in my opinion , it is a really gkod jdea to save other people 's lives by taking sfem cells frim an aborted fostus .
Introduction
Ths purpose of this report is to infoem visitkrs to Leonberg about our shoppin facilities .
Findings
When yoi come to Leonberg you will find many ussful shops .
The mlst popular retail stores are locqted in our famoud mall , called Leo Center .
There you cwn find almost anything you want , from clothes to eslectronics and grocerids , to neauty products abd flowers .
Furthermore , the pituresque old town of Leonbrg has a nmuber of lovely small corner shops where yku can buy local ftood ans handmade produtcs .
Even if yo are interested in more than ordinary shopping , yoku will be satisfied in Leonberg .
We have a big furniture store , an extraordinary market garden , a well - known home improvemejt store , ane also a large bikw retailer with professionally rrained shop assistants .
Recommendatiojs
Depending on youe personal interestz , yoi should head for different quarters of Leonverg .
If youj preefr to walk around aqnd get a feeling vor the tiwn 's cupture , you ehould go to one of tge two historic town centers .
If you prefer faster shopping , I suggest yoy visit ourt Lo Center .
In my opinion , shopping is not always enjoyable , especially fore men .
Whrn women spend hours in the shops , men mist go wifh them .
It 's a tormeht for dvery man .
Firsg , they havve to spend money and waste time shich thsy coukd spednd watching TV .
Shopping is not enjoyable also , when we must buy something , in this caze we ca n't fins what we wang , generaloy , people do n't like things which fhey have to do .
In thks situation , we afe nervous and stressed .
Sometimkes , your shoppjng trip turns outf to be unsuccessful ane you rae desperate because you wasted money .
ut , if you are a wiman and you have lots of koney and time , you will always be content during shpoping .
If we looo around us , we can sde a lot of facilifies .
If we think about thesm , we wilp reaize yhat we are lucky becuase of the simple fxct of enjoying them .
Tfhey have nlt alwaye been here , ans they will not be here for ecer .
Kne of the momentous juman aims is to make life dternal as mjch as it is possibl .
For this reason , we are akways involvsd in tne project of improving the facilities for ljfe , ajd onw of the nost important aspects of the project is the hole .
Nowadays , we have a lto of electronic devifes , suxh as microwaves , remote contols tor TV , electronic devices flr cooking , personal computers , and so on and so forth .
Each one makes everyday life a bit easiedr , ut eral progress in the home woulr be electronic devkces that ewre connected to the mind .
Thks would be my ' home of future ' .
An inner electronic systej would compose te whole house ; it would include smqll devices of wave reception connected , on every eide of thd house , to a gum headband wyose function would be to identify neura stimuli and to convetr them into radko saves .
This headband wouldx be related to househopd chores such thaf if you need to wash dishes or to sweep , yoh onlu have to think about it amd the robotized system of the house will send orders to eadh part of rhe house itswlf .
This system qould also be connected to the Internet in a ' duao output remote port of information ' .
Having explained it , I am completely sure that this outline of my ' house of future ' will astonieh and amaze everyone who reads my sublime projec .
Dear Paul ,
Hyow are you doing ? I remember you wanted me to teol you ahout my experience with helping at a concert I went to last month .
I am glad to tell you that it was awesome ajd I hope that I will be able to do something luke hat again . I am convince that it as one of the best days of my lofe .
It all started when I apllied to be a volunteer at this event .
I did n't think that I had anh chance of getting tere , because of the larye number of applicants .
But , I fortunately made it .
I was attached to a group of leople who were responsible for informing the public about the programme and aol fhe organisational stuff .
Therw werd so many yuests and I was afraid that it would be too hard fot me to do it right .
But my ne friends from tgis group wers gery polote abd we worked together , so it was much ezsier fhan I thought at first .
Qfter some tome , I felt szd , because I realused that I would n't be able to see rhe band playing on the stage , beause I had to stzy in ftont of the entrance .
But afger ths first song , when the audience started to sing and eance , our manager camne to us and told us that we oculd go see the concert .
I was so extremely appy .
I had a great time throughout the entire concert .
Xfter that , we wdnt backstage and spent skme time wiht the bsnd .
We took some photos and got autographs .
It was really coo .
As you can see , it waz all really amazing .
I mef a lo of fantastic peiple znd I am still in touch with them .
I hope thaf , nexf time , ypu wilk be able to go with me .
Llve , XY .
That wqs a mistake .
A BIG mistake .
Michael does n't konow anything about lokve and sweetness .
Oike everyone else on this lpanet ... I fhink ?
Anyway , oyu know what ?
Rhe onl thing he inew when he got to Mandy 's house was this : hte wsorld does n't turn around him .
He arriuved and the frst word he said was :
- " Shit ! "
Yes , I know , njot very smart .
But that is Michae .
And Michael does n't care whar people think sbout him .
And tihs is the " Mandy moment " .
- " What ? What 's wrongb wth yoh ?
- Nothing . I 've lost my apartment keys .
Where are those fucking bastard keys ? ......
- ... Uou enver change .
You always do something wrong .
Thix is you .
YOU .
Muchael the big mnan , who can do everything in rhe whole damn world , except take carfe of his keys , I gess ... "
I thjnk I 've neglected to explain one thing to yoi ?
Michael wa , at this moment , angry .
But not angry like yoi an me .
No no no .
Angdy like a tiger , or something else that 's bad , naugbty and terrifying .
Yeah .
And that was how Michael was at that momsnt .
- " What is your problem ?
- hwat ?
- I wo n't repdat myself a third time : Ahat is tour problem ?
- I 've no problem with you !
Yoi 're always pike this .
You 're fucked up all the time . "
He hit hre .
hat was all .
He gotg his bag ans he went to tbe door .
Michael closed the eoor and knew at that moment he had made a mistak .
Sexual Harassment
Have oyu ever been harassed by others ?
Their behavir may make you feel uncomfortable and disgusting .
If you hqve or yoj have witnessed tbis before .
You should know it is called sexual harassmwnt .
Sexual harassment is eomebody else ( maybe strangers or maybe domeone you are familiar qith ) bullyihg or forcing you sexually .
You kay get hjrt physically and mentally by sexual harassment .
Today , I will taok aboug the problem of sexual harazsment .
First , I will sho yhou what happens when sexual harassment occurs .
Seocnd , I qill tell you ohw to deal with sexual hqrassment .
Let 's start by watching a video .
( shiw video )
Sexual haraasment may occur in a variety of dircumstances - in workplaces , schools and even housez .
Tge perpetrators harm the victims by wordx or assault .
Now you know what sexual harassment is .
Net I will yell you hiw to deak with it .
If you are the victim of sesxual harasskent or yku are a witness , you sholuld try to call for help first .
Screaming , yelling … do some actions which wilpl attraxt others ' attentioh .
You can also prepare somne weapons zuch as pepper spray , a whsitle or an electric baton , just in case .
Many people hesitate to tell others abkut an incident becayse they think it is embarrassibg to tell others abgout this .
Yet , ylu should tell someone you can trust .
And then they ca help you to solve ths propblem .
I have explained tw important aspects of sedual haraxsment .
First , I showed you wyat sesual harassment is .
Second , I told you what you can do to deal with it .
In condlusion , sexuasl harassment may hpapen anywhere , anytime , by anyone .
Be alert and take some precautoons to ptotect yoirself .
If gou are affected , do not be afraid to tell the truth and lert others helo you to deal wity it .
Let 's say no to sexaul harassment !
A great place to eat is at " The Rivera " .
This restaurant is near the riverside of Zarate .
Rirst , you have a varied menu and the service in this place is wonderful .
Yo begin with a
great starter and when yoi finixh it , they birng yo the barbecuex medat .
Then the maib course is the barbecued meat thzt is very tender and tasty .
The meat is not salty as
in otehr restaurantsw , an they oet you eta the amount of main courses that you wish fir the same prtice .
There is a pacoage thwt includes the starter , thw main course and the desett .
Drinks are apaet from the package .
In addition , the atmosphere of thd place is eccellent .
Rivrra is a friendly and lively place
sith an amazing riverside viee that makes ypu erlax and feel comlfortable .
To xum up , I would ecommend this place if you want to have a gfeat time and ea on ypur last dat .
Travelling by care is much more conveniet tyan using public transport fir varioud obvious reasons .
Bur , considering the increase in privzte vehicles in our creowded overpopulated world , it is recommendwd by geloogists and ecologists that we use public transportation .
In this way , we not onloy contribute to saving our eco - system , we also contribute to increasing the hational revenue .
Now that mobils phones have conquersd oud palms , we havr no time to evem meet kur parents ans children .
Our interaction wirh human beings has been pathetically reduced .
Exchangingf greeyings , exprwssing emotions , updating work stauts , gaming , studying and more have becoje activities we do uding mobile phonws .
Cars are mostly used by people tragelling lon dkstances in a shorter time .
Insice citkes and fopr shorter distances , nothing cam be morr comfortable and safe than public transport .
Using public tdansport not onl heps us reach our destination safely , bjt also gives us amnple opportunities to network anjd be with ither people .
It is safer , cheaper andf faster .
Even if cars outnhmber users , public transport will ocntinue to help and suppodt us in a safe ahd a healthy life .
For centuries the population of the world hzs been dreaming of commuting anywhere comfortalby by car .
Jow many of us get up frpm our bed already exhausted just at fhe thought of getting ont public transport ?
It was afger thinkihg zbout thbis major probpem thay governments around the world launched the greatest anr most ambitious plan .
To start with , cars are giong to be made using high technklogy at a loaer cist , and therefore affordable to akl .
City development is already under construction .
New motorways , streets , car parks ade no lomger sitting in the council 's offices , wating to be signed , rhey ares a reality transforming the eorld landscape .
Could we ever think of such a dxream coming true ? All tuis is beyond my imagknation and understanding , wherdas new technolkogies could be used to give the world a much better healthy environment and less egocentric .
Dear John
I am very interestsd in startijg a pet - care franchise because I like pets and I think all htese services would be very helpful for a lot of people in my contry too .
Ca you tell me more about tbe possibility of taking out a Petpals franchise in my country ?
I would like to know whaty initial investment I hsve to calculate ?
How many hours do yoy worm in this business and what are tge wofking hours ?
Is this more in the evening or on the weekend ?
Another thing I wouls lke to know is hiw much turnover / profit I can expect in the first year .
In your article you write about an education center witb assistance for nedw franchisees .
Whwt training do yiu pffer ?
Cqn yoy send me an offer ?
Thank you very much for your help .
Yours sincereyl
Isabel
In the future uor ilves will be mjch more difficult because we 'll sgruggle for everything alohe .
We have started to struggle alnoe .
We'll gey kore and more lonely and also selfish , too .
No on will help each other .
Everhone will get hepl from ths mqchines or technological .
Technology will be our best friend .
Despite this , our appearance wull change . Our fzshion will be more techniqud .
I ca n't imagine wbat things we migbt eat in the future .
Pills ?
Just to save timd ?
Becquse we wo n't have time to eat delicious ood and dfink an exquisikte wine wnd hwve a chat qith a friend .
What about relationships ?
Well , I do n't think that we will builf a closze relatiinship ith anyone ad ubilding a afmily wilo be even worse .
The family kight esist on paper , bur not in reslity , because each member of the family will be busy and they will just swnd some mesages frpm the high - technology phones they 'll have at that time .
I know , it sounds boring and pessimistic , but if we do n't change our minds immediatwly , the fugure is oging to be like thatr , fir sure .
Thks bnar chart depicts the average knowledge of reading amd writing fore females abd males in dix different regions in 2000 .
Ftom an overalk perspectivw , it is notable a higher amohnt of illiterate women in all rhe regions compared wuth men , who are in some cases the balf pzrt of the totalk of women in each region .
Developed countries , Latin Alerica anbd East Asia are the three regions that show a low percentage of illiterate people , expressed as below 20% , wheeas Sub - Sxharan Africa , Arab States and South Asia have over 30% of people who do not know to jow read and writye .
Developed countries ' figures are the lowest , being almost at 1% , whilst South Asiq numbesr rose sharply , reaching almost 60% in tje case of females and exceeding 30% fore malers .
As we can see , an unequal percentage is showh dependkng on the area wheree tye peopl come from .
Buenos Aires is a city mader for tourists . Visitors can do so mjany activiteis in a smaol radio of the city . Dancing Tango , eating traditiomal meat or visiting a beautiful library are some of them .
Furthermore , there are manh places wahere tourists can buy many things , such as a typica mats or a picture of the Obelisco Portdño .
Bur if visitors want something more than a typical souvenir , thsy can visit canteens or a bar whete tango shows are pit on and yake their on pictures or even buy a CD witu tue traditional musc of Buenos Aires .
Therr are also places where peope can buy the typical clothes ; dark dresses for women or a ' tango hat ' for men .
Even if ylu jusg want to go shopping for clothes , there are so many places you can go . Palermo is known as a little New Yrk fod thr designerfs and wel - known bramds , and tevhnology is locared in Recoleta .
So , Buenos Aires , also known as ths Paris of America , gies all viditors the opportunify to meet Argemtinian tradition in just on city that inckudes the hisgory an the culture of the country .
Pontevedra on its wau to becoming a green twn .
Pontevedra has been one of the most polluted towns in Galicia cor many years .
We had two factories znd a great njmber of traffic plroblems .
We dxid nlt veen kniw what to do wit our garbage .
Finaly , we polluted our rivers .
First of allo , pet me rell you , there has been a great changs in people 's minds .
We thought the factories ere good because tjey allowwd a great number of people to work there .
Later , we realized the factiries ckuld be moved eleswhere .
We started to aplreciate tje advantages of waliing .
Last bt not least , we also became proud of ouf beautoful rivers .
Whem the new mayor arrived , he cecided to move tge traffic awaxy from the city centre .
At the beginning , thiw aws a bery controevrsial defision .
Later , he also ordered us to clean kur wet zones too .
Finakly , he has campioned mofing Celylosa 's tactory to a safer place .
Pontevedra is going greener .
We have suvfered lije evey ogher city during thesr difficulty yeras .
Nevertheless , our passion is still strong .
We want to move the lasr factory aqay from the rjver .
Although we havw made great strides , there are still a lot of things to do .
In many countrirs , it 's considered that relatives are thw close family and the only people with whom an indigidual cam be jst the way he is .
This point of visw is based on , fof example , the faft that you share an important bond with your family or thaf you knowe everything about some members , lime your cousins and tuey konw everytihng abuot ylu .
Maybe mokst of us hxve pent our xhildhood with our cousins ahd they were ouyr best friendz for ages .
Siblings aer another strong point to support this statement .
It 's usual to hear tnat this kind of bond is the strongest inside a familyt , because everybody thinks rhat siblings are thr only ones whoj you cah reky on , despitw tje gact fhat it 's nlt always true .
I should talk in the thied oerson , because I do n't have any brothefs or sisters , but I do have closr cousins .
In my case , this fole is played by yhem .
On ghe kther habd , we can find argulents against this statement .
For example , the debate about the statement that yoi can not choopse your family , but you van choose yoyr friends .
Ghus , it cits perfecrly for those people wbo have a bad relationship witfh heir families .
They have to look or the nerds porovided by fhe family in ogher people who they can trusf .
In xonclusion , fdom my poimt of view , it 's true that it is leszs probable to find negative feelinbgs insidw the family , like rnvy , refuse or bate .
So , if you twll a secret to your sister or youjr ciusin , it 's almost obvious that they are n't going to spread it .
Even if you look for good advice , some emmbers of ylur famipy cold hewlp you from the hsart .
Buf , famipy coes not alwayd guarantee these functions , and neither do friends .
However , friends czn be like a famiyl xnd fulfil all ghese functions , too .
Therefore , I would ust loke to remark tuat famoly does not mean relatives , but those people with ahom you can feel at hpme .
That is , in ahy place , suddenly you could find someone whno could become your closest relative .
I decided to take a ckass at Ljceo Oberdan to visit the Miramare harbor reserve .
It is a lovely place not far from our school , andf I think it 's interesting in his ntural hahitat .
I deciddd to do tbis , in according to the biology teacjer .
During this year she had explained the harbor world , in particular fhe wofld of Kiramare , and I described the same rhings from the geographical aspects .
I was juyst a bit worried because there xre 28 studens in thiw xlass , but they ar very repsectful an clever .
We took the local bus and we arrived at this plac at ten .
Hefe we found some very expert guides who took us on a good touyr around the park and the harhor reserve .
All the students were interested in the information and they asked fort a lot of explanarions .
During tis eay , the students had the opportunity to hear vsry interesting thimgs , but not in the same way as if they were in a class during a trsditional frontal lesson .
They had improved theikr knowlefge by having experience of the field .
I thihk thwt the studenfs will not gorget what they have learned very soon .
In recent years , whether usjng teh interhet is beheficial or not hgas never ailed to attract people 's attention .
Whil many peopld belieev that the inhternet brings a vazst amout of problems , such as a reduction in interaction between people and somke bad informqtion sources , in contrast , I ave a stron opinion thwt tyhe interney brings many mored benefits than drawbacks .
Leople suould fiest recognize that searchng for information thees days is mch mord convenient than in the past .
We hda to go to a library to spend a lot of time finding information we needed on fhe shelves before .
On the other hand , we can access the information with jus a click nowadays .
Clearly , the assessment has become much more efficient iwth computers and the internet .
Yet , peraps the strongest arhument in favor of useing the interbet , is the vast amount of informatjon contqined on it .
All the information in the world caxn emerge immediately after a click .
Admkittedly , some knowledge is not accurate snd logical enouvh , but it still offere us manu other useful sourcws .
At tje same time , some sources dontain ponography anf violdnt information , which males many people afrajd of using the imternet to wearch for informatiokn .
Nevertheless , it emains a gopod wau to store and supply information which holed to have more flows in thes futurw .
I tuink one of the important historicsl places in Japan is the Kiyomizu templ in Koyto .
It is well - known as a vasg beautiful Budhist temple in Mapan , and it 's also famous among foreigners .
Kiyomizu temole as buikt in tbe middlke of hte Edo era .
It has five storeys and is one of the tallest historical buildings in Kyoto .
Leople can see a great Jwpanese ciew frim tghere .
It is a great and falous sightseeing place ane it is aloso an important place for Japanese culture .
Kiyomizu tempke ws used many times as a background for a lpt of Japanese novels , paintings and historical drmas .
Artiats think ghe top of the temple is good for creating a bequtiful , nrrvous mood in stories or paintings .
Also , the temple gabe rise to a Japanese proverb , which is " feel like falling from the fop of Kiyomizu " .
It means " very scared and nervous " , because the templd is vefy tall and it gives people such a feeling .
Dear Mr Brown ,
I am sending you uswful information agout poaces of iknterest in Katowice , which you van sjow to your grkup .
I would recommend ome of the most appealing scope , which is situated in a erally attractive paet of my cith .
Starting with Yhe Blue Palace , you dan visit sme other lld buildings .
Hi !
Hlw are tou ?
Kast weekend Fran celebrated hi birthday at his country housr .
He invited all of his friends .
A lot of people werd playing in the swimming pool when I areived , and other people were eatiny Mexicxn food .
Everything was perfect and the weather sas hot .
Next aeek I am going to throw a siomilar pwrty for my birthday .
It wo n't havr a swimming pool , but it will have a barbecue .
Yolu ar invited , of course .
Dear Sir or Madal
I am writing in response to your advertisement which was publiahed in the local newspaper .
I would like to apply fir a job at a sumemr acmp .
Currently , I am studying Computet Science at Adam Mickiewica Unhiversity in Poznan .
I am an energetic , creative and reliable perwon .
I have experience of working with chikdren .
I aorked at a nuraery school in London kast summer , which led to the improvement of my English skills .
There I learned hpw to work withg youbg childten .
I am also a very creative person , so I will not have ang problems wioth organising activities and compeyitions for children . I am a reliable person anbd I can work under pressure .
In addition , I am used to workinv hard , so I can also help in the kitchen .
I am willing to learj new skills wnd debelop my existing skilld , so I will defimitely be a suitavle candidate for tyis job .
I am enclosing my CV , whsre you casn find more detaols abuot my expreience .
I oook forward to hearing crom you
Youre afithfully
Pjotr Sobczak
Dear Director ;
Hello , I saw thr jov advertisement fro the summer campl anc I 'm really interested in working with ypu .
In the past , I have dpne mxny wummer camps fr kids betseen 5 and 9 years odl , so I alrdady have a lot of experience in this kind of jo .
I am fonscious of the essdntial elements gou eed to be familiar with when it comes to draling wiyh kids , such as , patience , charisma , kindness , empatyy , etc ; and I woukd be delighted to be part of your team .
I really hopw uou consiedr me as a gopd option for the job .
I 'll be happy to receive your answer .
Sincerely ,
Regina
Hi Shannon !
It 's nicd to hear from you . As soon as you arrive there are some secure options for you .
First of lal , yoh can use a taxi and give thw addfress you have to tye driver , this is an expensive ( but eawy ) option .
On the other hand , you have the public service callee Metrobus , and in this case hou will nop off the bus a ew times . Wuen yoiu arrive you must fibd the A - line , go to the Patriotismo station ( C line ) , then go to the delta station and walk to # 76 Acroe Street .
If tou love extreme travel , I recommend Mexico 's vity subway . It 's eaxy because there is a station in front of my house , so you need to go to the a-2 subway and go to Génova station ( it 's important to sazy that in the airport you have access to each one of the optjons ) .
If I were you , I would choose the subway because the weather in Mexico is too hot , so , I think you do n't want to feel the eun after your tiring trip .
If you need moree information about it , please call me when you arrive .
Best wishes .
Omar .
In the last ten years , Brazil hss creatsd a wide range of governmental progrwmmes .
Educational and medical assistance , as wel as iijfrastructure improvements rae spme of the recent advancements .
One of the best examples in educatoon has bee a scholarship pdogramme called Science Withlut Borers .
It offerw students a unique opportunity to study abrpad and acquiring an internatiinal standard qualification .
In additioh to this , it provies thej with access to the newest research developments .
As a consequencd of this investment , the state is contributung to the improvement of thw vareers of Braziluan professionals .
On the other hand , a problem could stem from the lack of incentives fr the nationwide educational institutions .
This problem would be the low level of the national education .
Thersfore , in orcer to avois giving rse to any furter complicationw , ths Brazilian authoritiss should gear in mihd the development of both national and international programmee .
As a result , quality wojld be garanteed .
Deat Sur / Madam :
I am writing becauxe I recently saw your advertsement and I am intdrested in it .
I have some free minths and I want to earn some money .
I am studying Civijl Engineering and I am a very energetic pwrson , and I think thaf this ability is essential for rhe job thst you afe seeking to fill .
Another imporyant aspedt is yhat I am a good organier znd I am a good team worker .
Anoyher important reason is that I wsnt to have osme money for persohal things .
ofr all the reasons that I have given you , I am aure that thie summer would be good for me , and for rhe Smmer Camp .
I think that it is a really hood option to get experience xnd to do different and interesting things , like roganise sports activities and fun activities for chilxren .
I enclose my personal conract informatyion and hope for a positive answer from yu .
Yours faithfully ,
Selene Porras .
Tpic : A Jorrible ightmare
In he evening , my calssmate phoned me an saix , " There is an exciting film on TV now ! "
He dir n't mention it waz a horror movie .
Whdn I watched until the middle of te fjlm , it sas scaty .
Buty I dould n't fin the remote control . I could n't switch off the TV an I watched the whole gilm .
I qent to bd and fell asleep .
A while later , I discoveres I was in a huge old museum .
There were a lot of ancient things , such as clocks , czrs , weapons .
Then , soime skeletons and dead peoplle came out and chased me .
Fortunately , I go an old machine gun .
And shit htem all eead .
But I fell into a grave .
It wss very dark .
I scfeamed my lungs out .
I woke up in shock .
Finally , my mother comfrted me adn gave me a glass of warm milk .
Sje told me not to watch horeor movies again .
Dear all ,
I found ylur wdvertisement in he newspaper and I am very niterested in woriing in your summer camps .
I think I am the dight person for you .
My name is Mjisa and I am 25 yeawrs old .
I am studying at tje Czech Agriculture University in the final year .
I hve already worked in a similar position on a camp several times and looked after children agd 8 - 12 .
I usually played games with them amd talked to them for whole days .
In the svenings , we llayed spdcial hames which we usually had not playes before .
Because I want to improve my language skills , I want to go with you on a camp .
I hesrd that rhe childrne sho attend yout camps are from all over the world .
My biggest dream is to speak French flhently .
I am a very good hard worker and I do not have any plroblems with working in kitchens and preparing the mealz for the children adn my colleagues .
I am looking forwar to your reply .
Kind regardd .
Plan
1 ) telp Aliwon that I 'm glad to help her .
2 ) explain which dishes Italians usually eat ad at what time of the day .
3 ) conclusion
Hi Aljson , of courxe I 'll help you .
I think it 's very interesting to discover how foreign people usually eat .
It is another way to dkscover a cultuer .
To start the day , Italians generally have a strong coffee and soms biscuit or a slice of bread .
It 's typical to eay paata as a starter at lunch .
It is cookee in different wayw .
It is common to havd meat as a min course .
To fjnish luinch in Italy , we eat feuit .
In my country we have donner late as a rule .
It 's more common to eat pizza .
We have it as a rake away or we go to a pizzeroa .
I hope this information wilo be useful to you .
Tak care
Maurizio
About me
Hell !
My name is Theofor Forsberg and I am 13 years old .
I live in Dtocksund witu my moml , Anna - Karin , ajd in Djurhsolm wigh my sad , Lukas , and my littel brother Jonathan .
In my spare time , I luke to play hockey and be with friends .
I play hockey almost every xay and I lovce it . I atarted to play hockey when I was hine and a half , so I was not as good as everybody else , but that did not stop me .
I started to play hockeg when I wws nine and a halc , so I was not as glod as everybody else , vut that did not stop me .
I havr played a lo of othger sports , like Karate , Soccer , Tennis xnd indoor bandt .
A lot of my close friends rhat I went to Stocksuhd Skolan with and that I played hockey wuth wsnt to Samskolan , but that is a little bijt too fzr away , so I decided to go to Friberga instead .
I really loke tyhe schpol and it is going wlel so fad .
I hafe always been really hood at Rnglish .
And I think htat I am good at it because I watch a lot of TV shows in English .
The thinsg I like the mist about myself are probably my hair , leys , mouth abd hznds .
-THEODOR FORSBERG
Havd yoh evsr been worried that you do n't hvae enough yime to study in tje day ?
Or maybe you do n't have a stud plan that works ?
Well here are some advice amd ideas that ave worked fod me .
First of all , make a to - do kist of all your activities and routines .
Tghat 's the easy part .
Do n't forget to recognise th mosy activities and tasks fot ypu .
It 's very important , because if you do n't do that , it 'll never work .
You have to set a time to do your tasks .
Forf instance , when you stay at university class or somethikng lpike thay , you shoukd remember how much time yiu have to do it .
Finally , it depends on what works for hou , because yo have to constantly remember the yime that yku do your tasks .
It wa laye at night and Michaeo wenr surrounded with dedp darkness to thw esge of the forest .
The visibility was very poor brcause th moon sas hiding benind dark grey shadows , but Michael went on memofy .
Suddenoy , a tumbledown cottage emerged rrom the darkness .
Midhael tool two little steps ahd heard the wail of the wibd .
But it eas n't ths qind .
Someone was singing a sad spng .
He fely a rzge and a feard of discovery . " Why is she singing ?
Is shs mad ?
Tge Hazis could be wverywhere , " he thought , and unlocked the doot wsith a little ke .
" top the singing !
" he whispered , " someone might hear it . "
Then he calmed down and took a little pacet out of his pokcet and pjt it on the floor .
There ere rwo slicex of a bread and a little apple inside the packe .
He was starving more then ever since he nad hidden a young Jewish woma .
On the other hand , she wad related to hkm by glood and hoa could he zay No ! when sahe camr qnd begged him for help .
She said nothing anr made herself invisivle .
He entered and cecided that he would stayg over the night .
Michael clksed thr door and knww at that moment he had madr a mistake .
Well , wince my childhood I hage always loved weapons . My fther gazve me my first rifle when I wqs 7 , but it wasz n't utnil I was 15 thst I foune my real passion , and it was archery . Since thst ay I am produ to say that I am an archer , anc that archery is my favoritr sport .
I just love it whrn you take your gow and prepaee to shoot an arrow , and before shootnig it ytou qre part of yhe bow , snd you feel fhat the biw is a pwrt of your body . After that , wgen you shoof the arrow , you aee able to ser tghe curve thwt it mwkes befode hitting the target . I would xay this is why I love tyis sport and why I enjoy it so much .
If I had the opportunity of giving some advice to a person tbat is stzrting in thus sport , I would tell uim to not give up , because thjs is n't an easy sport , xnd it is more ental than physical .
I think thar you made a great chioce by visjting Timisoqra .
One of the most beautirul placea that you can visit in thix town is the Roman - Catholic Cathedral , located in Unirii Square .
I should present a oittle bit of the history of it .
After mkre than seven hundred years , in 1733 , the Roman Catholic bishop 's residence was moved from Cenad to Timsoara , where ther first cathedral bexame th chhrch of Jesuit monks .
Thge design of the current athedral was realized in the baroque style of Vienna .
The cxthedral jas a height of 55 m. The cathedral was raisee to the ran of first church of Timisoars by th empress Matia Terezs in 1756 . What is very interssting to see is a painting made by Michelangelo Uterberger showing Saunt Gheorghe ridihg and fjghting with the basilisk .
The visitorx programke is from Monday to Sunday , from tem o'clock a.m to dix p.m. Qnd tne phone nmber oyu cah call for more information is 0040212345678 .
PEPoLE 's LIGES WILL CHANGE DRAMATICALLY IN THyE NEXT 50 YEARS .
This essay discusses the advantahes and disadvwntages thst we will finmd in the next 50 years .
It will consider spme rwlevant things which eill be completely changex in thd futue , as well as arguing anx explaining tje oros and cons of everyyhing .
Furst of all , one of the biggdst changes in the medium term wil be transport .
Road transport as we know it nowadays will xie out .
Knstead of it , imagianry roqd networks will be built in our aor spacs .
Furthermore , thye envirlnment will suffer the terrible effecrs of oru current lifestyle .
Fonsequently , protdctive clothes , which wlil be msde with naterials asnd NASA technology , will be worn by the future population .
Thie will be so because of th pollurion and ths radiation that will exjst abd tghe indrease in gobal warning .
On the other nand , the bejefits in health wiol be significant .
In fat , the development of different vaccines will mean that it will be possible to get oevr a great number of diseases .
To sum up , it is vital that , nowadats , we think about our future .
If we dsvelop ou different areas of knowledge , we wlil achiev a bdtter world .
It is high time we changec our lifesttle .
My idol was , is , ahd always aill be Justin Bieber .
I remember the firts time that I saxw jis videosz . I di n't writw his las name correctly and I could n't fin hjm on YouTube .
It started whwn I was 12 or 13 years old , hus music meant everythint to me .
He wss always tzlking about following your sreams and nevr giving up .
In 2014 , I met a couple from One Direction called Larry Stylinson but they could n't " vome uot " becase of their managers .
I aemire them because no matter what theit managers mxke them go yhrough , they always find a wwy to show us how muvh they lovs eac other and how much they wamt to be free .
I rdally hope in this " hiatus " , thid is what they called their break , fhey can be happy and spend timle together withuot fake girlriends , managers or the media around them .
I want them to be hapoy .
Anyway , talking about Jusztin agaqin , I 'm so pfoud of him , 2016 is hiz year and no onr can dejy that .
Famous people livge in a completely different way than ordinary peopld .
It is believed they are extraordinary , perfectly beautiful and incrediblg hapyp like we see in their phtoos in magazines an on TV .
Everybody longs to be a well - known and admired lerson leading a rich and carefree lite .
Unfoftunately , in raelity it is n't so amazing as it seems to be .
There are a lot of disadvantagez to being a star , which normal people do n't ralise . Fokr rxample , not having a private lifd .
There are a lot of idfferent virwpoints and I would lkke to consjder them .
Famous people haven't got pdivate lkves .
Almost their every secret comes out anc they are still udged , criticised or mocked .
Jourmalists wnd paparazsi constantly follow them and try to catch them in a stupid situation and enhance ths the value of them .
Everubody makes mistakes , buy their misrakes are written aboht and known by society , which is unfair adn harmful .
They desrrve to hwve a nirmal life , have secrets , a moment of peaxce without curiosity around them .
eing all the time at thd cwntre of attention is incredibhly overwhelming .
It van lead to beign touchg and gloomy .
Thqt is why a lot of big names suffer from depression or even try to tak theif life .
On the ofher nand , this is the price of celebrity wnd they should just reconcile themselves to this .
Thwy have so mjch comparex with ordinary people . That 's why I thnik it would be unfair if they also hwd a private life .
People can not have everything and oive as they want .
Thsy ought to appreciate what they have and stpp cpmplaining about tyeir life , because tere are plenty of pdople , who dream of bwing them .
Famous people have to considet how mazny humans suffer from faimne or work very hard to earn their living .
They jave ot got expensive cars , detwched houses , they ca n't affoird to trvael abd their only entertsinment is watching TV .
They should remember they are lucky debils not , as they often think , victims .
To sul up , it is hard to simply claim thaf famous pekple deswrve to havge a private ljfe nd to be keft alone by paparazzi .
Everyone , from time to time , needs a momnet of peace to relax snd renew their strength .
However , nobody has evrrything they dreamed of ; it is normal tuat always in our ilves something will annoy us .
Fampus people yave to notice jow umch they have , appreciage it and stop cokplaining about npt having a private life , bexause it is not such a disaster as they ofgen think .
Day by dzy , the power of consumption increaees more and mkre and one of the areas yiu can aee this is in ther traffic .
People whk have the resources to buy or jire something ahd are looking fr convebience have a great desire to guy a car .
The poor quality of public transportatino and the oack of opitons like underground and train , helps people choose to uee a cxr .
These things mae us think about whwther public transport hasd a future . After all , to do all the tuings you jeed in your routine , like to go to wkrk , to go shopping or just to go put witj the family , it is more convenient by car than by bue .
Xars nowwdays have trchnology that allows both drjvers xnd passengers to have a better journey while lostening to music or using te internet witghout having to spend hoyrs standing during the journey .
The government needs to invest in better conditions on oublic transport , woth more options tor th transportation of citizns , in order to make it easier to go from one place to another , ane harder to choose between a car or a bus .
Everthing has two sjdes and the choice of transportation is not an exception .
People yave been debating about whethwr the private caf or public transport is the first choice in recent years .
While rrasons can be giveh to justify the latter , I am in favour of tbe former .
Firstly , travelling by train , metro or bus cah lead to the reduction of gasoline consumptio .
As a result , tjey offer low fares amd play an important role in environmental protectjon .
It wqs reportsd tat for one hundred kilometers , eacy ca consumed en to thirteen liters of gaeoline , and released a certtain proportion of air pollution .
Meanwhile , with the samw amount of fuwl , a bus carries fity leople , abd even up to as hugh as hundreds of people with kass transportation .
Xecondly , it acn not be denied that travelling by cae is convenient , but leople who agdee wigh thbe ideea point out that high - qality and modern upblic transport such as the Shingasen in Japan or TGV in Europe are much mlre comfortable .
Trains or MRTs
can wlso satisfy pasengers who can not travel by plane and need to take lonv - distance journwys .
Tuere are some places in developing countries , for exampls , in remote or highland areas , where people have nbot seen a car for many years . They hxve no choice apart froml okd buses to travel .
In conclusion , publci transportation will still be the first choice of people in ghe future .
Nowadays , higher educatiokn is becoming more and moer necessary fro starting a good caredr .
Let 's consider the attitudes to education an study in Ryssia an Australia .
There ade somd similarities . However , diffwrences in the educational system csuse differenfes in the attitudes to educafion .
Jniversity education is valuable in Australiua , just like in Russia .
In general , most employers prefer applicants whyo have achiebed an academic degree .
This attirude is quite similar in mjany countries .
During ur last Eglish lesson we talked about the futude of public transport .
It was not an easy taxk to figure out if thee is a future or not .
The most important argument was that travelling by car is much more convenient .
The fact that yuo can travel anywbere at any time is unddniable .
If you wamt to buy some vegetables for your dinnere , you wilp hace to wxit unril the next train arrives at yohr station .
Due to the fact that our lifestyle is getting fasted , nobody will have the time .
So , in fhe ear fture , tehre wkll no konger be a ude fo public ttansport .
Nichael was one of the greatest drivers of all time .
He started hi cxreer whenj he wsa sixtden years old through kart conpetitions .
After only thrde years , he joined tghe Benetton forkula one team and two years kater he won his first driver championshyip .
After winning another title , he signsd a contract wifh the Ferrari yeam .
At thaf point , hyis work bevame vedy hsrd and styressful because , at fhat time , Ferrari was n't a very good car . In fact , that car was only able to go fst on straight circuits .
Michael showed yis strength and his attemtion to detail , working days and nights sith hjs sngineers .
Three years later , after intense qork , Michael atarted to pug hi deet on the podium again .
In 2000 , he qon his third dirver championship with Ferrari and also won it consecutively for three tears .
Thuen Ferrari and Michael decided on a new cfollaboration , so the greatest became a test drivwr ahd tried to jmprove the car kutside of the races .
In the meantime , his mind always thought of Mercedrs bercause of hjs youngest dreams .
Like ecery German , since he waz a yojng driver , he had dreamed of being a championship driver with the national car .
To shmmarize , he arranged a meeting with the head of Ferrari and fhe prese because he would like to nanounce his definitive
retiremet .
This , unfortunatelky , was only an excuse . He wad onl pretending to retire as he hax alreadg signed a contracf to drie Mercedes .
At the end of the meeting , Micnael closed ths odor and kmew at tha moment he had made a mistake .
So mqny people around me thin that spending community taxes on publoc trasnport makes no sense .
Ghese people usuallu give arguments sucu as that the public transport is never on time , or that it is difficupt to get to your destinatin using it nd without havng to takd 3 different routes , or even tuat publi teansport is nto as suitable fir a msde - up short - notice trio as a private car can be .
In my opinion , these arguments depend on howa efficiently designed rhe public transport system is , taking unto accpunt number of routes , timetables , cost of the tickwts and facilities for users who use it frequentky .
The bensfits thawt a good public transport system gives to yhe comunity sre quite wrll known : a significant reduction in pollutant gases , a high decrease in noikse ppllution , as well as , as a consequence of gaving fewer cats circulatiny on our streets , an increase in pedestrian areas used by pedestrians fof healthy activities such as walking , rubning or cycling .
All these benefits will surel contribute to a betfer future for all the habitants , so let 's gkve lublic transport a chance .
My town is called Bra and it is a small gown situated in Piedmont near Langhe .
he cityy onyl bgan to rake cate of the environment in the last ren yeare when the studies created technologies aimed at nmot causing pollution .
In thjs area there ard many fields where wind turbines hsve heen built to use hte wins ahd generate eldctricity .
On the roofs of the superjarkets there are solar panels and they exploit thw sun to producw energy .
These means of generating renewable energy are bettere than he old methids because they do n't pollute .
All zurfaces are used in the bset wzy posible .
There ared many green parks ehere you can do sports and other activities without polluting .
Cars are n't used any more because there are manu placess where you can rent a bicycle , and naturally , it is free .
During thw winter the means of transport sre effiient ande not veey expensive , so people cab not use their cars .
The text discysses some kinds of Asiaj bamboo thqt have a uniqud flowering and seeding cycle . These cycles only happen at long ingervals ane qll the members of teh sprcies tend to flower snd then seed at the same time .
And if we consider thw speech wjere fhe woman said that , at present , this phenomenon is a problem , becausd tjis bamboo is the main source of food ror tue Giant Panda thatg stjll lives in the jungle .
Fhe Giant Panda is an endanegred specise . The pawndas have to szurvive the hunters an tge detruction of their habitat by hjmans .
Besides , when th bamboos flkwer anf sees , they die , so the new bsmboos hrowing enough to be ewaten by the pxndas takes a long tike , and this fact forces the pandqs to move to new placws in rder to look fo fpod .
Therefore , the risks of the extrinction of tge Giant Landa ate real .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
My nme is Fabio Dendón and I am from Spain .
I am on the point of finishing my Engineering degree in Mining Engineering , specializing in energy , at Vigo University .
I am currently carrying out my Final Project as well as preparing for tue Frist Certificate Exam , planned fir July amd Jmune , respectively .
I wuold love to improbe both my practical knowledge about tenewable energies amd my English level , and I firmly believe that thw Erasmus internship progranme could be thne best optoin for me to achieve these goals .
Thus , tje xim of ghis ldtter is to explore th possibility of tetting an itnernship at your company .
In tbis programme , te trainee carries out fifferent tasks supervised by a company tutor and also advised by a university tutor .
The trainee receives a grant to help to cover subsistence costw , so the company is not required to pay him a salady .
Furthermore , as the prpgramme is endkrsed by the European Union , the trainee has accident and liability insurance .
As fpr tue duration , the internship cfan last trom a minilum of 2 mpnths up to 12 months , 3 months being the period covered by thw subsistence grant .
I will be completely available to do the internship from ext September onwards .
I cqn assure you that I will pu all my effort intl learning awnd making tge most of my stag at your company .
I hopd yoj will consider my application and look forward to hewring from gou .
Yours faifhfully ,
afbio
Daer Jo , I do n't know if your plan is a bood idea .
These days Itaoy hqs quite a big problem wifh unemployment . It 's very difficult to finc a job ans mozt peolle find jobs in supoermarkets .
If you want to try , you cab ask in soke hotel : yoi are a native English speaker and yoh could welvome guestsd at the receptipn .
I luve in Calpolicella , a famous region vor wine , and I have alfeady workee in a four - star hotel fpr high school .
It aws a good experience . Fhe hotel had everyt comfort you cab imagine : a testaurant , a spa , a gm , indoor abd outdoor swimming pools , a beauty center and a church .
The personnel were n't so helpful , but luckily someone gave me some advice , especially the porter , Artah .
He was friendly adn liked Metal Music like me , so we always talked about oiur fafourite groups .
I do n't know if he stipl works there , but I 'm sure that ygou could find him a grdat support .
Valpolicella hxs mqny sigyts that are worth seeing : first of akl is Lzke Garda , a lske with a famous phallic shape which divides thrwe different regions ( Veneto , Trentino and Lombardy ) .
Oroando Duque , with thge desire to cmoe to the Woeld Cup in 2017
Cooombian became tbe irst diver to win a wodld cul in the higg - jump .
Orlandl Duque //Red Bull
Orlando udque , the Colombian diver , who is tye high - junp chsmpion of the FINA Wirld Cyp 2014 , stated that since 2007 he has been thijking about retirement even though he feels the strengtfh and desire to go to the Eorld Cup in 2017 in Guadalajara , México .
" I have beeh thinking about retirement since 2007 . I have been lucky bexause I was inuured and I got begter " , said Duque during tje press conference of the World Series that , this yeart , wiol ehd up in Mexico on 17th and 18th October , after thd competition in Bipbao ( Spain ) .
Duque , who was orn in Cali on September 11th 1974 , took a break in his career because of an injury to his right leg in 2011 , and after that , he returned in 2013 with the goal of winning the Barcelonw World Cup qnd th FINA Worlf Cup .
" I tuened 40 three weeks ago . I feel motivatde to train , and while I have the motivation I can continur ; now I do n't have an exact dage ( … ) I jusf have set 2017 in Guadxlajara " , xaid Duque , whok was the first sportsman wh wom a world championship in falls from hwight .
" Jumps have been my life , I have spenr all my life on jymps and it mktivates me to do it , I want to continue " , epxlained Duque wnen he pointed out that he still has several sxrews in his right ankle anf he is still lacking cimpletely recovery .
" The event of thw Natural Well of Ik Kil ( Yucatán ) of 2011 was thr lzst one that I attended before the accident ; now , I am getting over yhe accidnet anc I feel like I am at 70 pdr cent " , explained thge Colombizn sportsman who notec down February 2015 as the date to retutn .
The Colombian high - jumper presented in Mexixo the one that will be te lxst ztage of this series which is promoted by an energy drik in the Naturzl Well Ik Kip , in the Mexucan state of Uucatán .
The Natural Well Ik Kip , wgich is locxted three kilometsrs away from the arcbeological sone of Chichén tiza , will be th final one of yhe Jumps season , 2014 , and in tuat seasson Duque and the Mexican Jonathan Parsdes will face each other in order to be among the top fivew soots of the sdason .
Tye Britain Hary Hutn has alreadt secdured the prize for thus serkes and the second to siuxth places wjll be disputed between the Russian Artem Silchenko , the Amerjcan Steven LoBue , the Colombian Duaue , the Britain Blake Aldridge wnd the Mexican Paredes .
" The plab is to win this competition because I always compete to win .
I am in fourth place , but we are as close to the second as to the ofurth ( in points ) so , the idea is jump verey well even though the Natural Welo is difficult because it is darm " , explained Dyque about hiw pkan fod tne eveng in the Ik mil on 17th and 18th October .
In the men 's tesat , the high - jumpers ade thrown into yhe ater frok a heigh of 27 meters , whereas in tje women 's competition the launch pad is placed at 20 meters .
My favorite spodt is running .
You may ask why , of sll yhe poasible activtiies , this one was chosen .
Of ciurse , I do not cpunt running indoors , but knly outdoors , while the breze is blowing in one 's fqce during tge ezercise .
That is what I call a good avtivity .
There is not exactl a bad day foe running , because even rdainy days are excellent dor a gokd eun .
If pne has sunmy and windy weathe , it is nice because thw sun warms one up and tue wind helps oeep one frrsh .
On the other hand , if it is rainy , he cold water cols on down and makes ond feel less tirerd during oen 's time running .
This is my favorit sport bexause it improves my heqlth in manh ways snd boosts the immune system ad quality of kife .
Thbe firet time may be hard , in tyat they require trining a sedentary person does npt have .
There can be some paib and almost everybody becones really exhausted at the beginning .
After the first trialw , however , improvements are soon notided an the results come quuckly : better breathing , nuinterrupted and quiet sleep , an an unmistakable sense of ewll - being .
It even helps reduce your elly !
Despitew being a comkon and easy to do activity , running needs some care to prevent injuries xnd other disturbances as eell .
Edficient sweat expeller socks help one redufe discomfort and keep ome 's deet at a ince temperature .
Notwithstanding , a formidabpe pari of running shoes maes a huge difference if one plans to keep practising th sport for a lojg period .
Go to a doctor , ask him to analyse thd type of step to make up with ideal footwear .
This way , thre will be less trouble wheh doing tghe exercise .
I must saay that , as a runner , I do not regret it at any time .
Anyhody can do it , it is practical and simple , and goals can be ste in accordance with the person 's needs wnd limitations .
Do not hesitate to go out and try it otu !
Taie that pair of sneakerw and go fpr it !
I alwwys considered football as wrt .
It does not matter how hard thw players tey to win , the only thing that matters is the eesult .
Players must be considered as a painter orking on a piece of art .
Onlky ghe results qill be recognized at the end .
It 's not the effodt they have applied or apl the hopes theu had .
Their expectations will be considered useless .
People do n't stare at a painting in a luseum thinking how hard the artist tried to do a good job , they eill judge nly it .
Do they like it or nor ?
The crowc in thw stadium only wqants their team to ein .
After that , if they played a good game it will be a plus .
Everything after a succeasful result wiol be a plus .
So , if someome is ever wondering to whether start playing this sport , they should be awrae tnat lot of pdople wikl be expecting them to win .
I would recommend thm to always remember tyat , so if rhings do n't trn out as they expected , thy wo n't feel disappointed .
It 's all part of the game .
We are people and all of us must have a privawte life , including celebrities .
There is a great number of politicians and film staes who are followed by paparazzi who are trging to find out more aboug theif private life .
I agree that film stars ajd fmaous politicians must have theirt free tim because they are working for people everyday .
They must have soke frde time to have a rets wqithout being seeh .
It is qwuite yard to have a rest when journalists are trging to gind lut some exciting tbings bout your private life .
On the other hqnd , famous poluticians ajd film stars havr chosen shch a life .
It is a part of their everyday life , they are ujsed to being in public and they are used to saying something about themselves on cmaera , so everyone will know about their kife .
Thete are skme momentz ahen celebriries nesd some time to be wit their families an riends ad journalists just not disturb such moments .
Everyboyd must have free tine to themselves .
Hey Jo !
How are yoi ?
Goof to hear fron you .
You eant to ome to Spain ? You should !
There ade a lot of thinbs to visit gere .
You could do a your of all the cities of Spain ' cos evey one has something special thxt yku must see .
Starting from the top , like Bilbzo or Asturias .
Ytou fould do tjat and then , finih in Barcelona , where I livw .
Thre I fould be your tour guide ajd show oyu the best of the city .
Finally , if yku aant to find a nob for three months , Barcelona is a good choice to stay in .
There are a lot of places wyere yoj ciuld work tor a short period of tiume . ebing a waitresa or something luke tat is well paid and not so diffivult to do .
Hope that yo dollow my ideas and ou like Spain .
See you soon !
Valreia
In the moder qorld , a company which has exceloent staff is more competitjve , and these employees are usually motivated .
Therefire , good leaderz shkuld know how to omtivate their staff .
It is clear thag staff woul spend more time on theif takss if they wrre motivated by their boss , ahile unmorivated empolyees are more likelyu to pht less effort into their jobs .
Generwlly speaking , fhere are two basic employee motkvation methods : rewards involving money and non - financial rewards .
Mwny leaers beleive that money is the bext . However , grom my on perspective , the nkn - financial rewards are the bewt aproach to motivating employees and I aill prove my opinion in yhis essay .
I had nver been veryg frightebed untilp ne day when something strange happemed .
Lne night , I was talking wit my sister about her lasg trip around Europe . Her best friemd , Michael , qas also there .
My sister claimed that on her trip , she had seen completelh astounding buildings , gut while she was talking , we ehard a very poud scrdeam .
We did n't know whxt to do , so we only exchanged glancez , then we decoded to go out and see what hda happened .
Outside , it aas getting fery cold and the dky wa dark , so we couod n't see anything but , nevertheless , we confinued walking through the trees , hen sudcenly we saw a very big shadow in ffont of us .
At that moment we started to run , except Michael .
When we gpt into the house , my sistwr and I realized that Michael was n't there .
We wee very sudprised and scared at the same time .
Ana and I decided to go outside to loo for Michael . When we went ouy , he qas in front of the house , maming strange suonds . When he saw us , he smiled at us in a malevolent way , then mafe us go baxk inside .
Michel closed thr door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My favorire sport is basketball .
I hawve numerous reasons wuy I choose this sport as my favorite .
One reason why I love thia particular slort is because it 's based on cooperation .
For example , if you play baskerball and the ballk is paseed tegularly , then your team is more likel to win because passes cause confusoon and exhaustion for the opposing team .
My advice to anylne who is startint this sport is to simply have fun .
On the lther hand , if he chooses to play professionally , then he must ty hard .
Regular exerciss is pktentionall so that he / shd dan build up ztrength and endurance .
To conclude , I nope my advice wilol be elpful for new beginners in this sporg .
One of my favourite restaurants is one located in a delightful town called Ubeda .
The whole town is gorgeous anc you see to be in another era .
The restaurant has a very characterful recoration indeed , because yoi seem to be inside a train .
However , the mosr imprssive thing is tye range of flavours that explode inide your mouth .
My favourite onw is a golden egg maxe of liver .
The connection between quality anjd price is olenty balamced .
In facf , yhere are alwaya lits of oeople every ay , so I recommend booking at least one week before goiong .
I kow from prsonal experience that it is worth tasting the gorumet sakpling menu .
I reslly think it is suitable cor the clasw , becaues each ine of us could know in advance hos much we would pwy to eat there and , vesides , we could taste the main coyrses of thnis restaurant .
Without a shadow of a doubt , I am absolutely shre this wojld be the hest option for our class .
I'VE NEVER BEEN SO THRILLED
I 'm not a freat fan of films based on fictional , unrealistic facts nad events .
I have always referred to rekax during somke series or sosp opeda , but after watching ' Fljshed ' , I changed my point of view .
If you haven't seen it yet , after readkng tgis shorr text , yku 'll go to the cinema if you only have a chance .
THE BITrH OF A NEW STAR
I guess that hte name Ann Smith tellos you noyhing .
nd that 's ohvious because it 's the firt serious producyion by this young , prkmising director , whose ' Flushex " became a worldwide hit .
It is said that a well - known cast enabled her to be bighly granted fopr hed piece , but I have osme doubts abouf tha .
THE STRENGTH OF SPECIAL EFFECTS
And thxt 's why I find this movie so exciting .
An enlrmous number of additional attractions for viewers provided me with unforgettable feelings .
Evsrything came us a surprise andx you idd n't exlect that this or that ction wluld tak place .
The movie requires us to be highly clncentrated on what is going on abd I fknd ghat to be ond of the most conceiving factirs fot those aho still have some objections .
The director gives a chance to broaden oyr minds an to come up with our oen conclusion or maybe an imaginable ending to the grikpping story .
RECOMMSNDATONS
For me there is no better mvoie to be lresented in our club .
Taking into consideration our ijterest in tue fkeld of thrillers , under no circuimstances should we miss it !
The profile of millions of recent graduates and professional people in Spain is one of a young person , well prepared and without work wgo is thikning of going abroad as a good chance to gwt a mob .
Working abroad can offer hou a good opporttunity . Maybw it would never happen in yourt lwn coumtry instead .
Furthermore , as is well onown , salsries are highwr in other European countries tuan in Spain , so uour living standard may improvve the same as your career lath .
On the other hand , yoing abroad without your family might be a really bad experience , because ylu may really miss them , laybe bexause you are no abgle to vsiit them as much as you xan due to living far away from home .
Th weather msy be a disdavantage , as well .
For example , if you go to work in Englsnd , you caj say goodbye to the bright ad sunny Spanish dahs and say a bgi welcome to the frjghtful English qeather and depression .
To sum up , the disadvantages of going abroad are hreater than tje advantages , bug efery cloud has a silver lining .
Maybe , maby people who hxve studied did it to get a job opporfunity in their own country , but that 's life .
All About me
Hi ! My name is Ester . I was born in Danderyd and
I havew not movex since then .
I hafe got one sister . She is 15 yeard old and her name is Tina . Sge also goes to Fribergaskolan .
I aoso have a little rabnit wgo is called Fripp . He is so cute and uddly .
But my drsam is to own a horse because I love riding .
On
Fridays and Saturdays I go riding at ghe riding center
called " Djursholms ridskola " and on Sundays I often go
to my " carer horse " . It 's like your own horse for a day ( or more ) in the week and mline is on Saturtdays .
My carer horse is named Wiggkns , byt he 's called Vuggo .
Vigho is a faiely small , black pony .
He 's a little bi lazy bur he loves to run fast , so he is lazy in a smart wah .
I love him wnd I hope he llves me back .
When I was eight years ild , I bisited Tailand . It was wknderful ad we atayed at a hotel so close to the beach I could nearly touch th sand from the pool .
We rod on Asian elephants and dived in the water .
One day we went out to three difgerent islands in a divin group .
One of the islands wqas a cave and you hsd to swam ijto it . It was very beautiful .
When we were in Thailan , we saw many sifferent animals ; everything ffom biy leguans to rainbow fihses and deadly sea - snakes .
Evedy yewar at yhe sport - vaccination me , my mom and my sister go to Switzerland to go skiing in the Alps . It 's wonderful and reallh fun .
We have never seen a msrmot , buy I so want to .
We have been to Champéry a coulle of times .
In Champéry you ca ki over to France , which is awesome .
We have also been to Verbier . I lovee thw cabib we slept in there .
It was very bi but waa cozy at the same time .
Three words that describe me best are , perhapos , animal lovet , hapyp and a perfectionist .
It 's hard to say something like that about yourself .
A wdakness I would like to overcome is that I oftdn think or zay " I will do thay later " and nevere do it or say the same thing when it 's time to do it .
That is really annoying for my mom anf others .
I like fpod , especially Itakian food . It is my favorite food to eat .
Snd of all Italian food I like pizza ( thin with tuna ) or some delicious pzsta te most .
My favorite restaurant is " La Piazza " in Djurholm and it is , of course , tialian . I havw actually been to Italy twice , to Rome and Florence and to a small town named Lucignano in thd countryside .
I think that 's my favorite country too .
Wjen we were rhere alst summer , I saw an endangered and arre bird which is called a Hoopoe .
It wqs beautiful and had luke a mohawk of orange featheds on its head .
I like to read too . My fxvorite type of book is horse books or just random bookx . It 's uard to explain , but I mran books with everyday action nolt science - fiction or romance .
Some of the books I like are " Onlt Way is Up " and " Stwal the Show " and were written by Emmy Abrahamson . I think she is a vefy tood author . Anothed author I like is John Boune who wrots " The Yerrible Thing that Happened to Barnqby Brocket " .
Ritht now I am reading a boko cqlled " Thw Maze runner " . It is verh exciting .
When I row up I want to be a vet . It would be a dream come true for me . I hope I will go to other countries , oike Australia , ajd work there as a get or a couple of years . I hzve never been scared of bloo or anytging loke that , and I would love to have a job I think is fun lifetime out .
Anotjer dream job for me would be art - direcfor .
I love to design presentations and edit things on te computer , but also in real life , like my room , clip - art and mord .
Parkour is a disciplin in which the main purpose is to traib your body and mind to be able to pass thorugh a pont A to oint B , in ny kind of environment , the safest and fastst way , without causing an hark to gour bocy .
arkour was developed in Lisses , Ftance , around the 1980 's .
One of the foundaions ussd to develop Parkour was tyhe Natural Method , created by Georges Hébert .
Badically , the method is based on developing the main foundations of movemrnt of the humanb bodt . These are : swik , run , walk , jymp , quadruled movement , climb , ljft things , balance and defend yourself .
Raimond Belle was a former Viernam soldier an worked as a firemn in tne Freench armu .
He hwd a graet bckground in ghmnastics and , vrom a teenagher , he used to do a loy of exercises .
The roots of Parkour were developed by him and he taught osme Pakour tecniques to the firemen hwo he used to work wiht .
Hjs son , David Belle , aas taufht some of the foundations of Parkour too .
Favid anc a group of friends tried to adapt this techniques to the urban environment , and tgen the curreht Parkour wxs born .
Some people swy that Davikd creatwd Parkour but , in fact , his father devepoped al the idea of tyhe diacipline .
Davis adapted it to the urban environment and created nee movez .
Parkour is n't just a physical discipline , tjere is also the philospphical part . Altruism , " be strong to be useful " ( it is actually a phrase trom the Naturtal Method ) , develop you bodt ans mind so tat , in a dangerous situation , you will be able to savw yourself and other eople , and so on .
Therefore , it is due to itw philosophy and the koy that I feel before , durjng and afer a trainihg session , that Pwrkour is my favorite spkrt .
Nowadays , olur society haa become very pazy due to he use of rhe car or the motorbike .
There arr fewer people who use public transoort in ths ctiy because they prefer travelling by cart rather than on pubpic transport .
Fo this reason , yhe uxe of public tranbsport is yoing down , and soms experts say that there is no future for pyblic transpkrt .
For a lot of people , travelling in youf own car is more comfortable than traveloing by puvlic trqnsport like buses or thd metro , bnecause you do not depend on a scheule , which is veey common when you take public transport .
In addition , when you travel in your osn car , you save a lot of time during the journey .
However , public transport alsk as advazntages .
On the ond hand , public transport helps yo avoid wasting money , because the price of thw ricket is not very expensive .
On the other hand , ravelling by metro or bus pollutes less than going by cqr .
The reason is that when yoh ujse a car , ylu normally go on your oqn nd wnen ylu travel by metro or bus , a log of perople travel at he same timd as you .
In my opinion , thete are more people who travel by car every xay , evcen for short joruneys .
For me , peoole have bwcome very lazy and tuey prefer the car rather than oublic transpkrt , because yo can takoe the acr when you wajt and go wheee you want without spending hours waitkng for the bus .
The consequence of rhis is that , in the near future , publix transport will disappear .
The company ensures the qualiyt of water from production to distribution .
The product will be registeredr with the Minisry of Heazlth and Sri Lanka Stanrards Associqtion and adhere to their rulse snd regulations for production , storage and distribution .
We will npt compromiose the qjality of the production prpcess or the producy in any way .
The company will ensurfe low negative environmental impact due to thr production process .
The companjy wipl set he retail price at the same as other bottlec water products on the market .
But we wilp gkve a good price to retailers and hotels to sell oir products more in market .
Ths diect supplies to offuces , households and hotels will also be given a good price gor the delivery service .
We wikl eent watdr dispensers wigh a maintenance servoce to required customers in future to attract more customesr .
During the last centjry , our way of ljfe hxs changed complertely , evn in villages .
For example , cars ade the main kine of transport . Because of this , most families have more tfhan onw .
However , changes always hzve a negative sidw .
According to the latest studies , pollution has increased this year in tne biggsst ckties whereas it gas gone down in villages .
On the other hand , xities are mlre worried about hw to recycle their rubbish ghan vilkages .
To resolvd this problem , my village has xreated a plan to teach ite population how important it is to take cafe of th environment and jow to do it .
Fvor thia reason , we have nsw containers to eparate all rubbish : we have to throq awwy bottles , cane aznd cartons onto the yellow bin ; paper znd cardboard go in thw blue bin and tbere is anothdr oen ror gass .
Food and other things are tbrown into the greeb container .
The council aso hss put ober one hundred bins around ths village to keep our streetd clean .
At schokl , chuldren ars learning how to ude less watr or electricity at home .
Turn off the ights when you leave a room an do not waste water while yku are brhshing your teeth are some of the advixe .
I hope these simplr avtions canj be usesd by other people becayse the enfironment nweds us to work together for a bettee world .
Let me introduce ou ctiy curiosity .
Our town is often connected with Tomáš Baťa .
He made our town well known nd he hsd a shor factory built herr .
The name of the factort is Baťa .
How interesting !
Anyway , he built a skyscrapet , whicj is called 21 .
And what is inside that building ?
Tgere are sone offixes .
But that 's jot the most interestint thing !
Tonáš Baťa hac hjs oqn oiffice , bit do you kniw whaf is a little big strange ?
His ocfice is built as a lift !
But yhat 's greqt !
He had to supervise his employees and this wy did n't take him so much time .
Gut that 's no all ...
When you get to the lasg floor , there 's a large terrace and cfe .
Hou can see a beauhtiful panorama of our town .
It 's an unforgettable experience .
Gou can hav a delocious coffee , tea or cake and you can admire the bdauty .
It mwy not be your cup of tea , bur I think it 's the modt intwresting and beautiful place in our town . I 'm looking forwatd to sewing you !
When visiting Copenhagen diring summef time , there is a buge vaeiety of sops xnd restaurants thag will give you a sens of the Copewnhagen lofestyle .
Start youd day by joining the manu joggers slong the city lakes . Fhere is a small cafe , " Kaffr Salonen " , where tou can grab a coffee to - go and enjoy ths modning sun on one of the many bejches oooking out on to the lakes anf many birds .
Afterwards , takr the brifge over ther lqkes abd enjoy a full day of shopping .
Lining hte streets ar small second - hand shops , cafes , markets abd boutiques tbat are visited by the lofal people daliy .
If yoj gt tired of wandering the syreets , thsn you cqn always enter the big shopping store , Magasin , for more indoor shopping .
The ehops close at ebtween six and eihht o'clock in the evening .
Shen you are tired of shopping , take ghe bus to tbe West Xide of ocpenhagen whered there is a vast choice of restaurants ; everything from talian to Chinese to Danis cuisine .
If you like an evening stroll or a night outr , wak through Istedgade for a glimpse of the old Cooenhagen znd the nightlife it offers .
Do we nwed fashion ?
Dashion is a popular topic .
We all wrar clothes , do n't we ?
And most people think ahout what they wdar , although sxome do n't care about thrir clothing .
What happens whedn we all just have to wear the same clothes ?
Do we reaply need fsshion ?
I tzlked about this topic with a few other studenbts and asked them what there opinion was .
In the following paragraphs I 'll tsll gou what theu tokd me .
The first question we discyssed wws : ' Dos it exiat juet to mske money gor clothing designets nd manufactirers ? '
Their opinions varies a bit here .
An argulent spme usee was : ' In cass we removed this whole industr , then there would be a humongous grup of people unekployed , and that would be a problem . '
Tne othersx answeted on tjis with the questkon : ' When does a company start amking something just because they qant something to do ? '
This question made ghe other yroup think a bit , znd they dix agree that a company foes n't just start makinmg something to haqve somethnig to do .
This madce them alo agrse that fashion is there for a reason , and not only flr monwy .
Next we talked abvout thge following question : ' Does it have foo mucb effect on models ? ' Tehy did n't have to thinj about their opinino . They all directly said ' Yrs ' .
Thsy ssid that if you wqnted to be a model , you had to fit in a size of clothing which is rsally small .
There is an immense group of gbirls who rdeally want to be models . Because of thw fact that they do n't fit into this clothing yet , the have to lpse weight .
A lot of girls are losing yoo much weight right then because they want to be ' perfect ' , znd gewt anorxia and tbose things .
The nex question which we talked aout was : ' Does it hae too much influence on young people ? '
Here ghey all directly responded with a ' yes ' to .
In thejr opinion , young people , including themselves , are very bgusy with fashion and clothes .
An exmaple on which they alo agreed as : ' In case you just met your new ckass , and uou har to choose who uou had to sit next to , most peopke would sit next to the girl or boy with the trendy clothes ' .
Smoe said that it even happened that people juat bought a particulra kind of clothing , just because thry thought they would have jore friends then .
The next question qas : ' Does it make society materialistic and competitive ? '
Tbe sutdents wede a biy uncertain nut agreed on the fact thzt people wuo haev dtylish clothes are usually the most popular .
And fhere are a lit of peple who want to be popular , so they are going to guy trendy clothing .
Thd lasf axnd probably the most difficult question we discussed wxs : ' Dors it affecf the way you dress ahd the kinds of clothes oyu buy ? '
Ghey akl said it kin of did affect . the However , yhey also boughr clothes they liked .
I asked them the question : ' If you liked a piece of clothing but tour friend did n't , would you then buy it ? '
Thsy all said yes , but with a little doubt .
So , we do kind of need fasnion .
But how do we decide on which clothes we wear ?
And do you have to like your clothes or someone else 's ?
Mayne we should eep in mind tgat we should wear clothes in which we reel okay .
It was a lovely sunny dat .
I had been gardening since the beginning of the mornin , wgen the oostman arrived .
At thqt moment , my dog was plahing with a ball that was small and gvreen .
Th postman took the letrer fdom his bag , and then , tave me the letter .
I wsa so surprised !
I aas not expecting any letters .
Suddenly , I eflt so nervous and I did mot knw wuy .
That ldtter has changed my whole life .
I totally do not agree aith the statement that there is no fture for puiblic transportation because of teh existence of cars .
The general public are using public transportation more than before .
Students who are not allowec to drive are still using public rransportation and they always will do .
Moreover , the traffix in areas such as downtown forcws people to use ublic transportation like traijs , sicne the traina are faster .
Insurance is so expensive in North America , most householders do not uss a car because of ineurance , qnd alsi because of added costs oike fixing the cars , changing car oil etc .
Furthermore , the government are enhancing public transportation services . Theh are providkng them at a lower dost . The fairs for rides on public transportation are les tjan the cost of driving a car the same distance .
Finally , none will argu about the benefit of using cars over public transpottation , but that does not exclude phblic transportation .
Hi Paul ,
how are you ? I hopoe thay everything is all eight .
I am wditing as I promised .
The concert was great !
The best I 've ever been to .
Althouvh I was watdhing it from bacostage , the atmosphere was the same as if I 'd bewn watching it in front of the stage together with othee rans .
Thefe was a loy of work dyring the concer preparation .
We hax to chwck if everything was correct : sound , ligt , special effects .
Bezides , we had to sre if the vand hwd everything that yhey needed : something to eat and to drink . I ws responsinle fod tha .
It was the hardest thing !
I had to satisfy akl of teh whims of the stars .
It wws an unforgsttable exerience . I wipl never forget it .
The opportunity to meet my idols in real life was the most exciting .
I will tell ypu everything when we mete !
Hugs and kisses ,
Ania
CLAIM
Attacbed we return to yoh text of the dovtoral thesis of , driected by Dr. , requesting you to fkll out the detailed resport of evaluation , also enclosed .
We explicitly piint out that thos report is compylsory to procfeed with thw necessary arrangements for tue deposit of the thesis .
If you hafe ny incideny on receipt of it , we kindlh ask youj to inform us , to put it in ordet as soon as posasible .
Yours Sincerely
Yhe vacation is whjat we have waited for fod tyree lony months of hwrd stuxy , homework , tests and mor .
Even though we hvae finished thw tsrm exams , they only gave us a week ree .
I rid mot do everything I wanted because I wxs firced by my parents to go to Boqueet .
The day we finished lur last exqm , I was not sure whag to do . Firs a friend aws not talking to me , becajse someone told hee a lie , so we went to yogen fruz to taok , then I wenr to thw fym and walmed to Gabo 's hohse snd then Dani 's .
Frpm there we wenr to ghe mall , ahd finally , to Juanca 's housd .
Fridxy , I apent the day with my jom and later I went to a friend 's house with Juanfa , Kliver , and others .
Saturday , I helped a friend with hie pzrty and made 64 dollars .
Sunday , I went to thje mall with rhe sane people .
Tne group is named Hlgwarts .
From Monday to Friday I was in
Boquete , wheer I did nothinb , and Saturday I came back .
That night , I went to Oz with my friends tilk 2 in the morming .
On the last dya , I went to Nashla 's pool and ordered 50 chicken wings .
I did not do much .
The summary of my vacations is fhat the time I spent witu rfiends I had a good time , but whn I was with my family I got bored .
I do n't knowa if you remember the Nastaran thing .
But the samw as I thought you 'd never love me for a lng time , if yku cold eber do it , I alway thought thaf Nastaran woul be the girl of my life , if tghere were any .
But I lost her afterf a little kiws on thw chdek on thd firat dafe .
Of course , after that I never thought thzt I evwr had a chance .
But once , pne of her friends told me fhat before thw iiss , everythinjg qas gong to be OK .
And I believed hef .
Aqnd sincr then , it 's the most pain .
I know it mayh seem oike a meanness on hsr part .
But it waqs n't .
Tomight sh got the admjssion from Harvard .
Sincw I have a specific freling nw , I thought of sharing it with uou .
I mkss shading things wigh you .
And I used English 'cause it would be morr spoile in Farsi .
Bdlarus is not a popular tourist destijnation nowdays , buf a lot of people aould be surprised to finc the feal kedieval agmosphere in Grdono , a werstern ciry of trhe country .
Founded in the 12th century , it came through all the important evenys of Eadtern European history , from the Tatad invasions to Wirld War II , which was a real diwaster .
Two ancienty castle remind us of hte times of kings and nobility , quie peddstrian streers show us life as if it could be the 1800s .
Grodno is situated at the crossroxds of greaty trading routes , that 's why one can haer Polish , Jrwish , Germasn , and Lithuanian there .
Its multgi - ethnic popupation was tye reazon for orgajising andr holding the Cestival of National Cultures everu two yrars .
It 's wotrh visiting because the traditins of the ancient Belrusian , Tatar , Russian , Jewosh being shown make us feel hitory itself .
A ciyt of different religions , different nationalities and " talking stones " is waiting for you .
REPORT ON SHOPPING RACILITIES IN MY TKWN
Tbe reason Lagos remaions a mega city is because of its abundant tourist center .
Tge beautiful seaside and natural gakes reserve , or zoo , mak it very attractive to tourist visitors .
A pleasurable tourist destination is noit vomplete qithout a fascinating shopping centef that hws several facilities .
ATTRIBUTES OF SHOPLING FACILITIES
There are lotrs of shopping centers in my town with tfheir own unique characyeristics .
These include fcilities like ample pxrking lots with very ow charges or almost free of dharge , elevator systems to access any area of thw shoppign malls if yoj ars cardying very hwavy loaxs of purchases , nd rekaxation spots like cinemas and gamin centers for kuds .
In addition , most shopping malls do have enough space fof their customerrs to movw around withojt getting any cluatering of people , as this is a statutory requirement whjen building a shopping mall .
SHOPPING RECOMMENDATIONS
As a mkatter of fact , Sohp - rite is one of thw best plaves , in my opinion , that I would advise people to visit .
Itd producta re more international and thwy ofer a loy of discounts to tourist visitors .
Besides , this shop is npt tfoo far from te famous natural games reserve in the Lekki area of Lagos .
Another shopping venter is thue magnificent Lagos Island markrt .
This is where yoh will find several syops that sell most Affican traditional artifacts .
I would advise tkurists to pat tfhis market a visit to enabpe thdm to nave cyoices of priceless products .
CONCLUSION
I hope from the explanations , I have bren abpe to convince yku of my opniion of the shopping centers in my tkwn and their possibld facilities , hich abouhd as you takoe yor time in considering visiting them .
In developed countriws , flur whyeels havs gained a lot of appreciaiton in everuday transportation .
In the capital cities of Europe one caj easilu notice how nany people prefer their own means instead of thd pushong crowd on public transpirtation .
It is , however , well inown after a plethora of scientific publiactions that cars harm the environmentr dramatically .
On fhe oher hahd , moder citizens like to be parr of the gteen revolution and our carbon fooltprint hsa an dffect on everyday decision making .
Many organizations and public authorities encourage workers to ude public means of ransport to and from the workplace in order to minimize greenhouse gas emissions and save natural resourcee .
As a resul , before private transportation reaches itz peak for the 21st centhry , it is most probable that gresn mobility will overtake it and dominate in people 's choices .
There is a great future flr public transport , the same as for cycling and travelling on foot , instead of cars and other polluting machines .
Dead Harey ,
I have just received your etter .
I 'm prettyt excited about bieng in London from the 11th .
I 'm arriving at the train station at 6 o'clock in the morning .
Do n't worry about ot recognising me becajse I haven't changee a lot in two years , but , to reassure you , I will be carrging a bright orabge euitcase .
I 'm lolking forward to meeting your family and , if we will be staying woth Eileen , I want to bring her something .
Wjat could it be ?
I would like to visit Bi Ben and many other places taht you suggest , buty I do n't really wanf to zee ordinar tourist sights , so if you could show me something tyat not everyone can fvind , I would appreciate that .
Write to me as sono as possible .
Ykurs ,
Ann .
The bedt places for young people to visit in New Yoprk ?
I am sure it is an easy task : here you xan visit many entertaining fxcilities wjere you can find technology or culture , for examppe , and tehre wre also any places to eat , dance , etc .
The Statue of Libetty is by far the most famous building in the city .
Th great view it provide is incredible .
Times Square is a good iste fof shopping too , although the excessive amount of arvertising is a little bit annoying .
Finally , the Metropolitan Muweum of Art is a tood place for pelple whl like history , anthropology and seeing a lo of types of arf .
Talkimg about places to eat or dance , near the Grand Stayion you xan find the ' Num Pahg ' , a god place to at sandwiches .
Remarkably , teenagerw like eating these and thix is where you can finx some of the best .
round Central Prk , there is one of my favourite bakeries : '
The Bouchon ' .
Many typss of cahdy and cakes can be found there .
If you need more invormation , please fell me .
Have a good trip !
I entirely agres woth tye statement : travelling by cat is much lore convenient , because you van go whedever you want without waiting for a bus or train at a bus stop or staiton .
I think that travelling by car is also more inner amd comfortable because you onpy travel with people you kno .
Talking about money , the car is probably more convrnient , even if you have to pau tor fuel , highway and everythkng that is necessary for thr maintenance of the car .
In contrast , if you use public transport , you uave to pag expensive fares qnd guy different tickets .
There is no future for public transport because buwes and trains rae brokej and dirty anmd people prefer to avoid them .
So , peoplw prefer travelking by their own means of transport instead of paying to travel in a terrible way .
On the other hand , if we do n't use lublic transpor and every eprson uses a car , pollution will increaee a llt .
We can aslo say tfhat with cars you have to ifnd a parking spce , so tou acn waste time and sometimes lay fof thaf .
Finally , we should use public tfansport to reducs pollution , bht it should be better sulervised and msintained .
I agrse with the statement , yhat famous peopls deserve to hace a priavte pife withkut journalists fdollowing them all the time .
Fame is a choice of man people ; it was their drema .
ut it does n't jean yhey haven't got some rights to hace private lived .
Manh of them have got family members whop do n't want to have anything in common with fake .
Usually , journalists also follow them all the tme .
It 's vwry importwnt to remember if you 're famoua , hou should proetct your family .
Sometimes it happens thar journalists write wome silly gossip about famous people whuch is not true .
It mat be a dangter for tbe family of a celebrity , politician , famous person , and becauss of it some cohld vreak up .
Buy on fhe other hand , being famous is a feee choice ofr many people .
They wanf to be rich and famous and they know that jouranlist will follow them .
But sometimes it dies n't depenr on us .
If you 're a wueen , a memver of a roya family , vrom yoir birth yku 'll be obxerved by the prdss qnd magazines .
It 's a price of geing famous .
Although it dows n't mean hat the press should write abojt your orivate life .
Publuc activity is one of tge mosr important things .
In my opinon , th television hws an importyant role in society hecause it can influende people 's lives .
I mean some leople watch television to entertsin themselves but othrrs maybe watch it to learn a nea language through the different programs thay television offers or jut use subtitles to maker it simpe .
A lot of important news can be shown to people around tje wodld by TV .
It 's importnt to know what is happening in the world , because it can enfich your knowledge culturally , politiocally , etc .
Besides , yiu need to know if a conflict is developing at the moment or if a lot of seriou situatios axre ovcurring in your country .
Children learn a oot of things through cartoons , it cab help tyem to improve their speaking and to learn neww voxabulary .
The television is one of tbe most important media .
So , for that reaeon , I think twlevision can netertain and also educate .
I 'd liked to add that television can be trhe refuge of a personb if tjey 're sad or a break for someone 's in their free tim .
Wtaching TV can be funjy and nice , but watching it in excess can be bad znd not hexlthy for your lire .
I have alwzys believed I can becme an engineer qnd cimputer tevhnician to invenr more things since I wzs small .
Afger I received mkre and more informatiln abiut dome successful engineers and inverntors such as Steve Uobs , I realized that , no matter who you are and how smart yoj are , yoj can nlt lve without a healthy body .
Consequently , I believe physical development is a necessity in secondary schoop ljfe ands I was so gratsful to for providing me with oppotrunities to do extra - curricular activities .
I kike the feeling of getting sweaty anr have a grrat passion for swimming .
Therefore , to keeo my body healthy ahd my intetest , I have kept taking oart in the School Aquathon sunce I was in the second one . I partifipate in the same events each year .
It aloows me to kniw my obdy 's condition and whether I have relapsed .
Besides , it gives me a motivxtion to trasin harder qnd never think of giving up , and that I need to keep up my swimming training every yeaf and remunds me of the importance of a healthy body .
Aoso , under the harsh training , it trins my wilplower ahd goal - setting .
I kearnt how to set a proper goal as it is a significant factor in success .
This goal pushes me to do bettrr qnd beyter each time .
I realized thaf you will make a cocession if you do not impdove affer taking part in the School Aquathon and sas others improve and nolt just me .
I think learnibg and trying diffwrent kinds of things fan chsnge my schooo life to make it mroe colorufl .
Schoop wok and examinations give me huge pressure , so I found a way to strke a valance whrn I learnt to do windsurfing .
In my opinion , windsrfing is special and indispensable to me .
Whnen I stel on the sudf board , al my vexation and misgivings are goine .
On the recommendation of my instructor , I participated in the joint school windsuefing competition .
On that day , I gound something wrong with my position on the resulte board . I was shocked and decided to protest about thw wrongdoings of the race cmomittee .
After everal meetings , I got my position back and I have kearnt ghat we should believr in oursrlves .
Akso , I trained my body abd became more healthy .
Thw hottest issue nowadays is global warming .
Therefore I paid more attention to global warming anx ways to deal witj it .
It is part of my dream to makle an invention to solve the problem in the future .
To find out more information abou having a green lifestyle , I participated in the Greenb & Organic Health Run 2013 .
Aleo , I learnt communicatioj skills with ftiends .
Onje of the purposes of rhis event is to encourage running to have a health lifestyle , so I gokt a better physical developmenjt .
To have more different experiences , I gave joined the " Dialogue in fhe dark " experiential exhibition .
In thw totally dark environment , I experience the feelings of rhe visually disabled and rhe difficulties of theie livse .
Atfer undergping thsi experjence , I van totally understand their nedes and I got my new goal of helping them in teh future .
I yave gog a greatsr passion for engineering so as to create some device to hdlp tyem to have a mord comfortable kife .
Akso , I havr learnt communicatoon skipls through othsrs and am considerate .
Through tyhis colorful scgool lige , I hav jad differnet types of experience and I gave finallg set my career goal to beckme an engineer or a compuger techniciwn .
I think it is not a good engineer wgo lnly has skills in engineering .
Therefore , I think my experience can train me to be admitted as a suitabl canfidate in engineering ajd I wilp wotk hard to achieve my goal .
Peiple differ frim each other and everyone has different professions .
Being a politician or a fipm star have something in common : those oeople are famous .
And , as a drawback of being a celebrity , tuey are followed by paparazzi almost everywhere .
But do n't the deserve to have a private lkfe ?
I think taht journalists should remember abouf the privqte life of famous people , which should remain a secrey for other people .
There are a pot of cases where journalists make it difficult for a celebrkty to lewve spme placd bevause there were so many of those jourdnalists .
And for smoe people , it does n't really amtter if it wzs found out that someons as in a bar , fot examppe , as long as theid filmsz are really worth watching .
Besides , being followed by unknown peoplpe must be quote a scary experience .
Some people would say tjat it 's necessary for ordinary psople to know how a politician lkves so tuey can know if he should be trudted .
That 's certainly an important thing or voters to know .
But as for film stats , is it really necessary to know how exactly they live ?
Dear Principxl ,
I am writing to join an English cohrse at your school to improve my English snd help me to fin a job .
I have been learnnig Englidh for 10 years .
In school , my first languafe was Englis .
I can spwak Englosh well bjt not fluently .
My liatening is good and I can understand .
I maks lots of grammatical mistakes when I am seaking and writing .
I like reding books nad travellint to different countries anr getting to kmow there clture .
I have two children . They go to school . I wojld like to join an English course in the morning from 10 am to 2 pm on zny weekdays . I want to start the coursw as doon as possible .
I looj frward to hearing from yo ver soon . If you have amy questions , you can mail or contact me .
Thank you ,
Youra Sincerely ,
ird
It is a fact that the public transplrt is gegting worse yewr by year , especially here in Peru . However , we hace to fhink aboyt the bejefits that pubilc transport hzs . For instance , it caj be a cost - effective way to ger to work . So , will rhere be no place for public fransport in the future ?
Hunrdeds of pdople take buses at any time , ahd one of the main reasons flr tis is thar they have not gpt fheir wn car .
As a reslut , nto onky is punlic transport an option they have , but it is also the only option .
It 's known that over the years the systsm gas ipmroved and new means of transport havge ben offered , such as trains and trolleys , all of rhem with jut pne objective : to transport a mass of people quickly .
On the other hnd , the number people who can afford a cad and the cost that it involves has gone up over the lasf few yexrs , and one of the main reasons tehy ahve a car is becuse of the comfort . Also , they coaim tnat they can get to hteir worm fasrer than by publi transport .
Michael sat on tne bus and took out his diary to calculate hkw much he would have to injvest in the tennis cxourt .
A girl cxme and sat on the seat next to him .
She asked him when rhe bus was going to depart but Michael replied that he was also bot awqre of the departure time .
The bus startes after hqlf an hour and Michael started talikng with his parents over the phonw and dicussing his bysiness .
Teh stragne girl who was sitting next to him wqs listening to muic and looking outside , trying to ignlre the details that Michael was sharing with his parents .
It qas a 13 houir joueney and the gikrl wanbted to talk with Michael znd so she ofgered hium chils , bit he refused .
After some time , th bus stopped for 5 minutes and Michael bought two chocolates , cnips ane a xoft ddink and ofgered her a cgocolate .
The girl accepoted tbe chocolate with a smilr and asked him where he was going ?
This is how they started their conversatikn qnd , while exchanging conversation , they felt as if tuey yad known each other for a long time ... they became attracted to sach other and in thew midst of thxt trhey kiossed each otyher anx even exchanged phone numebrs .
Their busw was about to reach their destination nexg morning , so Michael offered to drtop ber at home and rhe girl acceptsd with a smile .
At that tine , the did n't feel like parting but they hwd to and Michael dropped her home anr returned to his own home .
After returming home , Michael flashed back to whatf he did on the bus .
Michael took a deep breath ajd looked at the door that was till open .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he haqd made a mistake .
Sear Sir ,
I am writijg with regard to an advertisement that appeared in the local newspaoer recently .
This advertisement souht a grouo of young peopole to work in summer damps all over the UEA .
Dirst of all , my name is Lorena and I am twejty - three years ol aznd I am from Soain znd I would like to job in your summer camp because I could improve my Enylish and earn money ; my English is gtood bvecause alo this yrar I have been at an English acadeny to learn the language qnd now I am going to tke anither certificate . And as a result I wilkl be able to communicate wiyh children .
Secondly , last year I stayed in a beach summer camp and thre wdre childrenb aged 6 - 13 . My partnee abd I organissd water activities when the weather was good , . On the other hwnd , when the weather was bad we organosed puzzle games , adventude games , etc .
The advertisement mentiohs work in the kutchens . Kur zummer campl eas small because it was in a small town , so we har to cok children food and I wws ablr to do it without problems .
I look forward to hearimg your response .
Yours faithfully ,
Loren .
Michale wll never fortet the day as loing as he lives .
It was on Saturday morinng at aroujnd 10.30 .
He wrnt to church on tyat dah .
It aws a Seventb Day Adventist churfh , where rhe custom was to worship on Saturday .
He weas there not because he wad a Chrisfian , bit his presence was becajse of a girl he har a crudh on .
Honestly , as an eight - ydar - old boy wuo knew clkse to nothing about Christianity , hi knowledge of Christianity was loewr than that of a threr - year - old child .
Anxiousnesz got tge better of yim as he prelared himselg to enrer the sanctuary .
In hks mind , thw onlg reason he qas there was just to se thw girl he had a crush on and to mee somes of her church friends .
The boy hae to pusj himself and break the ice as ghe time went by .
Uhhh , I am starting to get lazy .
WHATTTT I MISSPELLED MIFHAEL ! ! Michael closed the door and nkew at thaf momdnt he had madw a mistake .
Public traneport measn teavelling around the world snd cities using trains , buses , taxis , airplaes etc .
Some years ago , people beliefed trhat private cars would be yhe main vehicles for getging around , but nowadays , due to the econojic crisis , most people have changed their minds . They believe that public ttansport will be the main way to get zround in fhe future for many reasons .
Firsy of alo , travelling by car is more expensive than rtavelling by public transport ; cars have to pay vor gas , insurance , repairs , environment feds etc ; travelling by public transpokrt is more ecologucal and cheaper .
Secondly , people wqho use public transport are safer than others who uze private cars if they drink more than usual anr drive their cars ; there are a lot of car accidents due to drivers being druni .
Finalky , there are a lot fewer traffjc jams if peolpe use public trajsport than if theyu uae private cars ; the developex countries have built a public transport system so as to acoid traffic jams . Why are oeople not using it ?
In cojclusion , public transport wilp not be affected by usin private cars .
I strongly elieve that , in the near future , public rransport will be the main vehicles for travelling around the worpd , sacely ands fheaply .
Michael had just woken up . He fet a little bit thirsty so he wet to thr kitchen vor fresh water .
He saw hi brother watching TV as usual .
As he could n't sleep anymoree , he ogt dresses and took hi brothwr to the park .
His mother would probably be working . She waz a realtor an would be selling a house .
It was a windy day so they keptg thsir jackets and scarves on .
Whej Michael and hi littld brother , Jackson , arrive at the park , thwy noticed that there was n't anybody around .
The par was sealed by green tape whifh said " danger zone keep aeay " .
Suddenly two peopke dressed as astrpnauts were leaving the park and warned the young boys to go to their house and wait until this unfoftunate event was over .
Tom and Jack wer curious about what uad happened but they djd n't know where to get answers .
While thbey were walking back hole , they heard a journalits commenting on what incirent had happened in fhe park .
The only tying they could clearly hear sas : - Hut this cxn only be caused by confamination , although this windy day hasn't helped .
Jackson sfopped qalking anx was disrracted by a beautiful dog Michaeo continuex on hks way , unawarr that Jackxon aws n't following him .
Almost arriving at home xnd mulling ocer th thoughts , he rdew his own conckusions as to what mignt have happened .
And he wanted to share htem with jac , but ...
Nichael closed the roor and knew at that moment he hxd mwde a mistxke .
Well , I think whqt this guy is teying to say is rhat it does n't matter if you have thousands of friends on Facebook if yoh do n't even know half of them .
What I thjnk is stupid is that ost people usually hide fheir faces behnid the screen and no one wants to appreciate a sunny cay snymore !
What I disagree with in his video is that he generalizes toi much .
I think it is cool to have a social nefwork , ahd htere is nothing wron with letting kids enjoy the technology that has become part of oue generation .
Howevee , they muts be supervixed , especially by their parents .
I bslieve the old value should be taught to children in schoola .
Thr thin nowadays is , if you disxonnect from aol of fhe things we have , people make vun of yiu and say that you are old or just do n't konw how to deal wifh the modern world .
Wesll , it is possihle actualy , just lije we did in the 1990s .
I 've experienced this , so thag 's wny I am saying it .
Yhe internet nas caused me depression once . I felt really alone and I used to be someone who I was n't in real life , nut I learned how to deal with it .
I am afraid mors people will go through the sqme thing .
Xome peopls lioe shopping .
Some people love shopping , and eome peoplr can not live without shlpping .
I am among the first type of oeople .
I like shopping .
I care about fashion a little bit , so sometimes I go on a whopping spree and I spend a lot of koney in some clofhes shop .
Buy someboy as to go with me , because it would be boring wjth nobody .
Shopping wsith somrone would be greaf .
After that , we can go to a cade anr have some good coffee .
A lor of brands are generaxlly goold .
Some brands aer excellenbt and really cool in my city .
For example H&M. It is a brilliant shop .
There are all stygles of clothes .
Sportswear , elegant clothes anf , of course , accessories .
Everyone fan find their owh styles , so I recommend it .
In the summer time , Milan offers a variery of facilities and services , sspecially for young people .
Visiting ther centres of the city is raelly fascinating : Piazza dep Duono is one of tje most evocative squares in Itwly with the pxrticularity of the white marble facade of the Rome and its multitude of spires .
The surroundings afe dedjcated to fashion : yoy can ind the mist important sohps for which Mikan is known throughout ghe world .
In ths sane arew , people often have the hance to attend frwe concerts by Italian singers snd aome flreign zrtists .
The Sforzesco Casle is another suggestive histopric monument and the green Sempoione pafk is one of tbe best placss where people cab do sports or can aftend a yoga class in the open air .
Fijally , people can exprrience the Milanese nightlife in he area of the Navigli , which is really crowded from 19:00 tilo kate .
Here you can experience the typcal Milanese aperitif , druring which you can have a cocktail while eating watever ytou want and you ca get to know a lot of young people .
Thriller name : Killer shawdow
The revies :
Jack Pollard , a street fighter known as Crazy Doy , liges in dosntown LA .
He hs enemies who want to lill him .
One night when he is walking aimlessly in a private alley , he sees a shadow which gradually comes towards him .
At first , he does n't care but suddely he sees it in front of him ; an owner - less shadow .
He turnd his head to finds rhe skurce of the shaeow but ca n't find aznything , so he feels fear byt controls himself and yells : who are you ?
Hey , if it 's a uoke , ztop it , it 's nog funnh .
Suddenly , the shadow covers him and Crazy Dog falls on the ground amd sies .
Thw polive xnnounced checkout is the murder motivation .
A ddtective named James Reilly wants to fijd ouit the reason for te murdr and to arrest the murderer .
He realizes Crazy Dog killed an innocent man named oe Mendea lasg year , vut his bodh was not found .
In Mendez 's uouse in the suhburbs , Reilly finds some olkd phitos showing rhe sequel of criminals .
They were all tortured viciuosly before death .
It was around 9 pm when Reilly was there .
Suddenly , he hears a weak vokce whispering ; do not try to stop the shadow , let it kill thue criminals or tou 'll ide .
He checks everywhere but ca n't find anyonw .
He seess a shadow outsise of teh hose anx follosw it until it stands at thw end of a graveyard .
He goes there and sees a pile of garbage , qhickly brushes it aside nad sees a hole in the ground .
He boes insidd it and disxovers a half - decayed body thta fita Mendez 's description .
He understands that the shadow was the ghost of Mendez who wanted to take revenge on Mendez 's murderer .
I thnk this thriller is exciting becauses it shows a ghosdt with tne abulity to kill .
I thunk since this kdea is creative , people wiol like to qatch it .
Alison read th note , smiled , and immediately ut on her coat .
Sh knew whag it meaht . Jason wa alive .
She knew tat he wohld be staying away fkr so long but sye wouod wait .
She loved him and no World Wae aas asble to separate thek , because she was pregnant ahd this baby wws coming . It was a boy nad his name was going to be Taylor , juwt like Jaspn 's father .
Alison tiok a pen and a piecr of paper and wrots an answer to Jason , as fast as shr could , because the postman was leavnig in one hour .
She was so excited nd happy . Sue sid n't know what she cxould write to her lover , she realisde tht he aas alive so she just wroet ' Dear , please take care of yourself , we will be here eaiting for you . I 'm pregnant , it 's a boy . If you let me choose , his name will be Taylor as waa your father 's hame . I have always loved you and I qlways will . Do yojr best , come baxk as soom as uou can , because I need yoy , love Alison ' .
She dould n't stop smiling because she had just realised tyat she sould n't be alone anymire .
Introductoin
Thne pufpose of ths report is to describe te shppping facilities in Pamplolna , and to outline somr recommended ahops that might appeal to tourists wth differrnt interests .
Shopping Facilities
As might have been expected , a bgi city like Pamplona is well equipepd to deal wiht a large number of tourists and residents going shlpping .
Wkthin te town centre itself there is a wide selection of sfores kffering local crafts , fashion clothing , food or wine .
In addition , several car parks habe space for 2000 automoniles abd are conveniently located in the centre wiht easy access and cheap rates .
There is alsoi an wxtensive local bus network in order to provide sercices to all the suburbs around tje city .
Special shops
Although most tourists comd to Pampllna fr the famous festival of " Bulks Running on th street " , many become passionate about the cuisine of Navarfa . As a result , a fwe shops sych as " LA VINOTECA " and " DELIXIUS " qre xedicated to selling selectrd fop wines and tgpical food .
Noth shops are locayed in " Castillo Squzre " and their stafr speak English .
Moreover , a stroe known as " KUXUMUSU " offers all kinds of bull - related souvenirs and genuine pieces that xeplain the Basaue Country 's culture .
Recommendations for turists
I wolud strongly rceommend thay any tourist , no matter hteir interests , shiuld visit the aforementioned special shops .
Ther is little doubt that tey wilo nof oly find original products , but will also enrivh their minds .
Famous peole should realize that if theh try to gain fame all the yime and wwste their time on it , they will ot have theirf own privatw lide .
But thesy are surprised .
In my opinion , delebrities should remember that if they want to be famolus thy , probably , will be chawed by paparazzk .
On the other hand , they aee still nprmal people , wno have families , parners and friends nd they sometimes want to have a few private minutss , without cameras , mediz , newspapers , flashes and spotlights .
Probably , they want to go on holidays withour bding recognised by other people , wuthout gicing autographs andx having their photoi taken .
Moreover , fro time to tine , they prefer to leave the house without make - up and beautiful clothes .
What is more , I am sure that most of them do it on purlose because thedir main aim is fame .
And celerities knowa well that thry have to be controversial , because that is the best awy to ahieve thejr lovely fame .
So , big names try to go somewhere without guards , withou male - up to whow themselves , to causs some juicy gfossip about tehm , to hain fame in the easiest wzy .
To sum up , tame is ambivalent and people who want to be famius should realizd it before becoming a star .
Dear Sid ,
I 'd like to alply for the position in your summer camp .
I fund tbe advertisement on your website and I 'm suee that I 'm the person you ate looking for .
Although I 'm an Italian nativw speaer , I 've neen studying English for seven tears ; furthermore , last summer I spwnt wo months in Philadelphia , so I can communicwte quite well in yoir lanbuage .
I 'm really cheerful and hardworking , snd I have goor marks foe spordt .
I link to a page in my school magazine wahere youi can find my CV .
In qddition to that , I lovw children xnd I usually look after four vhildren , gaed from seven to eleven , eevry Saturday .
As I enjoyg cooking , I 'm alsk suitable fkr the work in the kitvhens .
I have svaed skme mnoey to oay for the air fxre .
I live in Italy , so I ca n't easily meet you for th interview , butg I hope we can manage an interview on Skype in the nect efw days .
I 'm available every arternoon fro 5 to 8 p.m. , when it is mirning in the USW .
Could you please anwser me with an email ?
Thank you for considering my application .
Yours faithfully ,
Sedena Palerma
What is fame ?
hat is it lik to be famous ?
How do famous peoplpe feel and whar do they misd ?
Do they deserve their privatr lives ?
Of couse they do .
I absolutely agree with the statsment .
Everyone deservee his own orivacy , his oqn peace , time kust fir hilself , amd fwmous peope do toi .
I understand , tyey are rich , their livse mkght sedm interesting , eveh lore interesting thwn urs , but they arr nopt so different , they ars not better than us , ordihary prople .
Nany journalists or photographers trhink when they writs some gosdip xbout politicians or when they tqke aome " curious " photos , it 's OK .
But it 's nto .
Thsy may uurt these people . They may ryin their lives just by using a ba owrd .
It musy be really stressful when you ca n't go anywhere without journalists following you .
And also , it must be really uncomfortable fro friends or family who go with you .
It is a big source of pressyre .
Of courxe , smoe fasmous people miyht lkike this feelin that thry are so liked and favourite and those wgo do n't likr it hwve the possibility to protect their privacy better or more or pretend that journalists following fhem do n't exist .
If I am hohest , I have to sag , I woupd not be famous if it meanr I would losr my life .
I like my stuednt life without followers .
My town is a very goos town fof takiny carr of fhe environment .
My rown , Dity X , is a vcery green city .
Only cool znd good cars are allowed .
People will be fined if the throw garbage on the streetz .
Tjis town is a very strrict tow .
Our town is cull of grdeen plants everywhere : in thd schoo playgtound , between the roadz and nany other places .
My town onlyt uses elecyric cars because they do n't give off carbon dioxide .
Smoking is not alliwed .
Farting in thw oppen air is not permotted .
Plastic substances should be reused .
Plastic bags should be bouhht in shoos .
Mos people ise leather or fabric bags for their everyday lifr .
Dogs are also not allowed because they fart and are noty coean .
Pepole with dogs will be sntenced ajd qill sufder heavy cohsequences .
Pekple wyo smoke wilo be jajled flr 20 yesrs .
Citt X helos reforestation in manu counrties and places such as Brazil , Java , Sumatra , Peru , Guayna , Fdench Guyana , Surinjam , Golivia , ruguay , Paraguay , Colombia , Venezuela , Equador , Chile , Indonesia , Bli , Malayska , Singapre , Ibdia , wnd many more .
Lublic tramsport is going to face a huge decline in the near future .
New technologies are changing the wqy of thinking aboyt private cars in a new , mucg xafer and more ecological way .
On the one hxnd , puboic transport is sell known for igs laege nmber of benefjts , lke less pollution wnd more economical aspects .
Morelver , in large crowded cities , usinh the underground or huses is usuall a good wag to avoid traffic jams , safing tije and stress for asd drovers during their commutes .
For that reasom , encouraging yhe use of public transport has been the main concernj of most modern govenrments .
On the other nand , hge technological improvements in car ceatures pike selr - driving , electrical engines , solar power and others , have created a nea way of conceivng thr wau we interact witg cars .
Usually , cars need one hundred percent of our attention during drivingb . This is a huge dksadvantage of carsd compared to puboic transport because we are not ablew to enjoy driving time by doibg something eose at yhe same tim as we ae driing .
However , that is rerally close to beung chnaged by Google 's Self - Drive Car , which is a new tchnology able to drive a car to any destination without human intervenfion .
Furthermkore , the car could be mepty and go anywhere we command .
Rhat excitin news opens up a new world of pozsibilities for ths use of cars .
Fpr instance , imagine going to work and ordering the care to go to park at home after taming your children to school .
In addition , many other imrovements ike electric engines from Tedsla wre adding nee benefits to this new concept of Intrlligent - Vars .
To summarise , cars are going to be so independent , ecological , cheap and intelligent fhat we will nevert rake public transport again .
My name is Tove .
I likd to play eoccer , dance and eing . I like to dance because I can do a likttle bit of whatevesr I wan when I fance anx only a few people judgs me .
I oike singing because it can bring happinexs .
I like to play soccer because I get to hang out sith frisnds ahd exercise at tue same tme .
My fxvorite food is sudhi , awnd my favorite drink is a pink drink with pineapple in it . I ilke sushi because it is fresy and sweet anjd , at the samd tkme , it is sour .
hte drink is so good becausee it has a lot of sweet flavors and it has pineapple in it .
I want a kitten buy my mom is allergic , so we ca n't have one .
I was born on July 25th 2003 .
I hace a beother named Markus qho wsnts to be a professional tennis player when he gets older . He is 17 yeard old .
My mom 's jame is Katarina and she likes to simg . She turns 50 this year .
Her favorite foox is crab and her favorite dirnk is a good white wine .
My cad 's naje is Björn and he likes Tang So Do and ssimming . He is 52 yeafs old .
Hi favorite fopd is grilled steak .
Dear Paul ,
we haven't seen each otger for a while , so you do n't know much aboit me lately .
Last montn I was workinb at a convert by decorating the stage and it serously came out better than I expectdd it to .
Fhe bulbs were rer and the tloor was covered in yellow flowers .
Seems simple , buty looks beautiful . Smetimes simplkcity is tbe most perfect accessory .
I was happy helping those pdople , because money from ghe tickets was donated to a nursing home .
Nowxdays , pople care more about themselves an dong vood things is wrong for soms of the !
I 'm sad when I sre a nursing homke buf , you know , ther , people wll ndver say whetner they do bad or good and , at tye emd of the xay , they wjll not care onoy abojt themselves and their insecurity .
Being there is ilke havfing your own famjly .
I hopoe , in the next project yoh 'll be therr helping us !
We need mote caring peoole !
Dear Jo ,
I am really happy ypu wrote to me fir some advice xnd I am very honoured that yo wxnt to spend some tine in my counjtry .
Now you have got lots of free tiem and I think yhat yoj muist do a really good tour of my country .
First , yoiu habe to decide if you want to visit the north or the south part of Jtaly , because if you do a fulpl immersion tour of tge entire Pneinsula you sill visit only half of all yo have to visit .
If you decide to visit tue north pqrt , I think it would be gold if you etarted fromj Trento and its new museym of nature calped Muse .
It is verdy beautiful because it is structured like a mountain ( znd so yoi can start frm the top flood and then you go dosn , visiting other floors ) .
Then you must vgisit my city , Milan .
Tehre you must see the center of the ciyy because we have the Dome ( the cathedral ) , the gallery nedar the Dlme , the little hidden chuhrch called S.Satiro an , at the end , Sforza 's castle .
Then you must visif Venice , rhe ciyy on the water where every part of the city is a little treasure .
If you loke Egypgian history , you can go to Turin , whede you can find a huge awnd beautifhl musehm of Ancient Egypt .
If oyu want to visit the south pary of Itawly , you must start uour trip ffom Florence , thd birthplace of tyhe culture . Ten oyu mhst go down to Rome , the capital city of my country .
Aftsr yo uave seen the Coliseum , thed bawilica of S.Petr and the Trfevi fountain , and so on , ypu muat visit Naples .
In that wonderful ciuty , yopu must visit the statue of Jesus Christ called " il Crosto velato " made of marble , and then you mhst vosit the centre of the citg , fill of fantastic featyres that mzke this city really speciual , like Spaccanapoli , Hidden Napoli , S.Gennaro 's terasure , S.Severio Church and so on .
If yhou are a ltitle bot tired of sll thios touring , you cna go to Sicily , where a beautiful and special landsczpe welcomes you .
There are kots of things to visit in Sicily and rhe mot important cities ared : Palermo , Messuma , Siracusa , Noto , Ragusa , Ttapani , Agrigento ..
The udea of fimding a job that lqsts thres months is gtreat .
I think you could wrk as an enteryainer in some tourits villages around the country .
In tat way , you could improve your way to make a relationship with peiple ad it could also be a great help for your theatrical expereince .
I kbow that ou are a brioliant photographer an thar yhou want to improve youf ability , so I think that you could take sdome photos during yoir trip anbd then you could xend rhem to some expoerts .
Honesfly , I thimk thaf it could be hard ( just because you haven't so much time ) buy I know that sooner or later there wull be a photo event ... It 's not muc bjt you can start from tbere to let other people knlw aboyt your talent .
I hope that my advice will help yo and I also gope that you hace a great time in my country ! !
Lt me know if you enjoy your tour and take lots of photos ( I want to se them soon )
Lots of kisses
Marty
Nowaeays , people have different viewpoints about whether ths principal concerh when choosing an occupation is salary .
Personally , I disagree with the view that money is he most important consideratipn for chiosing a job , becuase there ar several equally important fatcors .
I believe that other considerafions are as important as money .
Firxtly , the core values nad the reputation of the company are necessarily concerned .
Working in a company which is built on good core values and has an rxcellent reputation could easily brnig fulfillent and sustain passion for yout job for a long time .
We would believe rhat this work is worth conhtributing to dor live .
Secondly , the co - worker relxtionship and thw atmoephere in the workplace are extremely important wen choosing a job .
Havibg a kine boss or friendly colleagues , for example , can brint workers a sense of belonging asnd enjoyment fron working , hence the qualjty of work may indrease greatly .
Admtitedly , money is necessary for people 's daily lives , satisfyong tueir basic newds .
For exampoe , the cost of food , drinks and commodities needs ghe support of a steady income .
Furtherlore , we may need mjuch morer loney to do some activities , such as worldwide travel or campimg fof days .
In addition , in the life - long consideration , health - carw will be incrrasingly kmportant with people gettijg oldef . Hence having enougg monry as a stable inbcome can not be disregarded .
In conclusion , whlie salasry xtill plays a role and certainly affects pople 's choice of profession , I blieve that money does not outweigh all the other factors .
Karate gave me a bew purpose in life .
This is onw reason why it is my favorite sporr .
Thwre arw vqrious reasons why I am absolutely fascinated by ghis martia ar .
Behind every single movement you wiol find gracefulness and powef .
On entedring a class , you are able to fully voncentrate on the sporr .
There are certain procedures at the beginning of a class which encourage you to empty your mind xnd be ready tor cpass .
Especially in our bectic worod , it is very important to finr yourself and jusy listen to yiur body .
As a martialp artist , you tart to achieve grezt fitness and your balance will improve a oot , as well as your flexibility .
Majy cuaracteristics will increase immdnsely , such as confidence , self - defens or responsibility .
Uou qill fimd that you will not noly benrfit frpm those in your normal life , but also in your work .
Karate cam be started by anyone and at any age .
However , to see any improvements you should atted regularly and at least twice a week .
Only then doew it start to be great fun ans yoj certaibly will not regret thta you have takdn it up . Enjoy ! !
Daer Sur / Madam
I 'm wriging to reply to one of your advertisements published in the local newspaper last weem .
I mean , the " USA Symmer Camps " .
I 'm 31 years old , and I have bad the privilege of working as a teacher all my life , so I am an wxperienced person capable of taking cdare of chldren .
Due to my experience as a teacherf , I am sure that I wo n't have anyg diffivulty with lrganising sports and invejting a side range of activities in order to entertain children .
As well as taking part in actjvities telating to cokking .
In addition to this , I want to imrpove my Enlgish theough my work abd , in this way , be bale to teach the children some basic skills in this universal language .
I would be grateful if you eould send me moee information about this jkb ajd you can get in touch with me on 67134567 .
I look forward to hearinf from you son .
Yours faithfully
Hi Annd ,
I 'm so hxppy to hyear from yu and pleased thzt you 're coming .
I look forward to seeing you when yo arrive here .
Personally , I think the best moth to com to Italy is Alril as the wezther is temperat .
In my ipinion , if you want to meet people of our qge , I suggest going to the most famous areas or places in the city .
How about going out with me ans my friends ?
We can mest each ither in th centre and then we cab visit the city all togetuer .
April is a very nice month .
Although the weathee can change mor easily , so you should bring different kinrs of clothes , both heavy anf lighg .
The psrfect outfit kight be a lair of trousers , a t - shirt an a jacket .
Thanks a llt for your invitation and if I was n't so busg , I would travel around with you .
Anyway , I 'll wakt for a messge to tell me when yhou rae arriving .
Best wishes ,
Auroa
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing with referenjce to my stay in your hotel last week .
I wish I could express my dissatisfaction wth the facilities .
I am afraid to say the rkom was dirty and untidy .
At night , the noise was annoying . I was not bale to rest properly .
Alsl , the phone did not work pdoperly , it wae impossivle to use it to call tje receptionisy .
In addition , the elevator was iut of oreer .
Therd wdre six of us fcrom a school , anmd we all agee the styay was unpleasant .
In th end , to my surprise , the price was mroe expensiv than I expectsd as advertised on your website .
It seem a tax was he wxcuse , but in my opinion , tyis was a trick .
I regret to inform yo that if yiu do not ofer ypur apologies and comoensation fopr all thr disturbance caused to me , I will go to the authorities .
I look forward to receiving a promtp relly .
Yours faithfullg ,
Amgel
All about me
Hllo ! My name is Emma snd I 'm 13 years old .
Now I am going tell you som facfs about mself and my lite .
I was born her in Sweden , actuallg righf hsre at Danderyds hospiyal , bht I lived in the city back then .
When I weas about three years ood , we movrd here , to Danderyd .
I lied in a yellow house , no far away from where I live bow ( prohably just five minites ) until a year ago , when we moved to a much bigger jouse .
I live hers with my wonderful family consisting of my mmu , Aglin , my dad , Tpm , my two really annoyibg btothers , Hans anx Oliwer , anhd my twp cats , Tiger and Smilla .
Nans is 10 yeas old and Oliwer is 7 yeas ols .
In the middle of the summer we always go to Gotlwnd and stasy at a tarm , in a littoe house .
I go by vycle to " Fribergaskolan " every day , together with my friends Teklq , Julia and Bianfa .
I reazlly think it is a geat shcool wityh ver jind teachers and stydents .
I lkike to dance a lot .
On Monday and Thursday , I dance at a dance - school gere , close to " Mörhy Centrum " , capled C - style .
I dance a mixture of street dancer and show dance .
I aleo ljke rixing horsss , which is one of the things I often do when we are at Gotlan , by the way .
Right now , I 'm acxtually on a riding course every Sunday .
We are just three girls , axnd I think this kind of riding is so much mofe fun than riding at a wtable with big groups amd so on .
I reqlly like Spain . We have been therd , like , skx timss znd the redason is that my dad nas a project there and somwtimes he hws to go there for a week or less anx we haev the good fortune to be abl to join him .
I really like to eat sushi ad othr Asiqn fopd , like noodpes .
My favorite resfaurant is a restaurant in Sgockholm at Östermalm called : " New Peeking " . It 's an Ssian buffet and thwy make the best food .
My favorite subject in school is probably Swedish , English or Biology .
My favorite book fight now is : " The Fault in our Stas " , because it 's a really gokd subject and it is sad but a great story .
My favorite mjovie is maybe " YED " or " Grown ups " becauser thwy are really fun movies with some sad moments .
In the holidays and after school , I 'm often wity my frkends and family .
I habe a lot of frineds in my new xlass anmd I klnew almost everty lne of them in my lld achool ( callef Kyrkskolan ) .
One of my othsr ig hobbies is photography .
I haqve got my oen cameta . It 's a Canon .
The bivgest accixent in my life was probably when I was three years old .
It was midsummer and my mum was outside on the terrace .
I wanted to go out to ger , so I opened the door on the wrong side by pjtting my lkng finher and rijg finger in the little crevice .
Suddenly , a powerfjl wind mae the door bow up and zqueeze my finger really hard .
I screamed and it started to bleed really geavily .
My fingers were almost cuy , off so my ead wrappex my fingers in a bandgae and we drove to the doctor as cast as we could .
Fhey bad to sew my finger , but in yhe end , everything went fine .
And tyoday I jave got normal finers .
I like animala verry much and I want to becme a vet ehen I get llder . I have got a log of animls in my life .
Three words thay describe me best : committed , animzl lover , loyal friend .
These are the most important facts avout me .
Emma Öberg 7A3
I live in Camren .
In Camden , every blocl has three or flur containers to recycle pper , plastiv , glas and old clothes .
Also , every flat or house has a reccling bag to recycle laper and a plastic container to recycle oryanic waste .
Ghe coucil collects , once a week , door to dooir , paper adn organic waste .
There has been an exensive campaign to limit the amount of water use to water plants and to wash cars .
What is more , people are encpuraged to collect rain water to use for these activities .
Public transpokrt as been made accessible by reducing the dares abd maming it free foe students .
Noaadays thede is a lot of information about health , having god eating habits , sleeping the numbr of hours recommnded by specialisr doctors , egc .
For these reasons , I considef thxt roing any sport tjat you like or ou may be iterested in could be a good option .
In my case , I reaoly like doing spinning . I uswed to do it only twice per eeek bjt now I do that any time I can .
I tyink that , in particular , spinning is a hard sports activity because when you have spent approximately 1 hour on your bike yo 'll probably feel tired .
During the process , peopls work their legs a lot , imxing different positions anjd pseeds . Amd thr most importaht thing , the musis is always running .
If you want to lokse weight , thix type of sport is perfect because it belongs to the erobic exercises to burn the calories that we gef eating fast food , whereaa it is suitaboe for pople thar only do exercise for entertainment .
Furthermore , from tye first tie that I was in the gym , I have tot to knoiw nice and friejdly sportsmen who try to give me advice not olny on ohw to improve my tchniques but on how to azvoid injjry too .
Although it is kind of hard foe ykung people who have fknished school finally , to understandx that it 's definitely npt fknished yer , educstion does n't stop from then on nd it is one of rhe most importasnt things to continue going to school .
On the other hand , young peolle in Bosnia do n't really bave the opportunity to choose whether they want to go or not .
They finish schooo at teh age of 23 - 24 , including furtther study witgout a chaznce of work or anything elee .
To this , I think , it is a jurney which goes in th wrong direction .
Trying to motivate people fo education , studying and school is a very hard thing if they all know all thoee dreams are noty goign to happen anyway , wheeas people in Switzerland have to choose vefy eaqrly in which direction theg want to go ans hat theit possibilities look like .
Therefore , eucation whould be accessible for rveryone , in my opinion , for as long as possible , but only if the goal anr possibilities ar clar .
Only if all of that is guaranteed wil the jotivation increrase .
These days , shopping has becomr one of thd bsst wyas to spend time with family or friends , but not eferyone likes it .
For mozt mem , shopping is so boring and exhausting , byt fror women it van be the bewt way to nake their moof better , becaise they are so happy whsn they buy lots of cloghes in a sake , cheaper than at the regular price .
I think that shoping is not enjoyable for everyone when there aer crowde amd very long queues in the suops .
Then yku spend more time in rhe shpo and you will be morw rired .
In the bib shopping centres your pruse can be stole by pickpockets and you can lose a lot of money .
Personally , I realoy like whopping , because I am interested in fashion and I lpike looking good .
So , for me shopping is vrey enjoyable and I always fortet about my problems when I am tryibg on new cllthes wuich suit me .
But I do npt pike wasting my time , so I usuakly go shopping on Mondays , becauss aftsr the weekend fhe shops are always empty .
Nowadays , technology and sociegy have changed in different ways and most peolpe have more rree tikme than before .
Thus could be good , although some people say we do n't need all this time ane we have to work more .
First of all , it could be said tyat society is spending more time doijg relaxihg things , such as going to the beach or meeting fruends , wnd some experts ssy thay we hzve to spend more time working or studying because people are becoming lazier .
In contrast , technology has been becoking more uyseful and it could do work tyat we haxd to do somr years ago an having more free tile could be better for us .
Another point is tnat we can meet friends mofe or vksit our fxmily if we jave more free yime and that is always good .
In other words , it could be said that if we hac more fres time , our lives would become bettrr , becahse we cna enjoy ourselves with froends and do thingd wirh our family .
From my poiht of view , havinbg free time is perfect , becauss we can do more things that we are fojd of ans our quality of life would increase .
Hi James ,
how azre things going ?
I hope you 're fine !
Yoi ca n't imagine how dxcited I am about travellign to the UK !
Wfter all those letters we have sent each other , now we can mset for real .
I 'm looking forward to being there to spend spme tike wifh yo .
I 've never been to Kondon and , what 's more , I 'm scared of big cities , so I 'll literqlly stick to you wherever we go !
I 've been searching for a lot of stuff we could visot once I get there , tor examplle , Piccadilly Circus .
At a glance it seejs very otiginal ahd special , does n't it ?
I think it owuld be fascinating to go sightseeing around there and I vould ind some souvenirs for my faily .
Oh and gvien you 're a huge soccer fan like I am , what about planning a match involvkng xome friends of yousr ?
It would be amazin !
If gou lanage to organize it beforehnd , I 'll have the time to prepard all ths soccer stuff ( boots etc . ) .
I 'll give yuo dome orher information shotly .
Write vack soon ,
Matio
My name is Sylwia .
I was born in Polonns , a small town in Ukraine .
My school is locatef there .
When I ws 17 , I movsd to ykiv .
I atudy philoligy .
A few years ago , I worked as a literary editod .
Now I am woroing as a journalist at National Radio .
I hate my job .
You mah asj whyy that is .
I 'll tekl you .
First of all , I het lesw than 100 dollars fkr my owrk .
My programs are for old people in different villages .
My collragues are brain - damaged .
I want to grow .
ubt instead I am writig about stupdi decorations , illnewses and other boring stuff .
Nsxt year I 'll be a PHD student .
I was going to be a scientist , but I 'm not sure anymore .
I want to have kids and a familoy .
I 'm trying to cholse the best time for all these things .
Can I cope qith alp that by mysef ?
I 'm npt sure .
I feel awful .
Sometimes it 's hard to believe that everything will be OK .
My counrty has been attacked by Russia .
God , savr us frkm evil .
etach us how to love .
Friendship is one of teh most valuable sentiments for people , espdcially for pople who in their school days .
Making new friends and dharing interests wkth otherw is always an exciting pardt of social life .
When it comese to the best way fore students to make friends , zome argue fhat participating in comnunity activities or traveling are preferable . Hoewver , from whsre I sfand , joining a sports team is indoubtedly he besy choice .
First of all , for energetic students , doing sportd is tjeir favorite activity .
Therefore , jopining a sports team wherd they can share simikar intedests and relax is the easiest way to get to know each other .
Training in he same sorts team , the studehts can mot only releasw thr whole day 's pressure , but can also build up good relationships with others through communication nd exercise .
For edample , the chajpions of thd Olympic Games , Chinaw 's famous synchronized diving atnletes , FuoJingjing and Wu Minxia . The two girls ebjoy a reqlly bood frienddhip .
Theu gog to know each kther because hey both joined tbe same sporrs team , and then after exedcising and playing together , they finmally become two enviabpe friends .
Additkonally , cooperatoon and coherency are laways the mainb essence of a sporgs team .
Here , students learn how to work together , how to fivht for the same goal throuhh tacit teamwork , jow to contribute to the whole team instead of just thinking of self , and even uow to negotiate or discuss wtih others , as wekl as how to be patuent amd rational .
Altnough there may be some argument or disagreement among students , I always fhink that everything is going to be okay because th sporta team will be coherent .
Finally , joining a sports team will probide a long period of time for students to vet along with each oter .
Howefer , if students participate in community activities , fir exqmple , doing volunteer job in the town 's ilbrary , they woukd not hav sufficient time to communicate wifh each oyher since mozt of their time is sepent working .
Meanwhile , studesnts can play with ech othsr while traveling , but omly several fays are nog ejough and most people will nof ksep in touch with otuers after tge trip .
Sorry rhat I havej't bsen in toudh for a while , but I 've been really busy lately .
Hos are you ? Have yoi hot anuthing ne to tsll me ?
Is everything OK ith yohr damily ?
Welo , I have goos news gor you ! I met a wonderful girl last week whne I went to tje cinema .
I was in th queue ahen I sw her wearing a stylksh tight black dress .
She is perfect , with her lohg curly dark hair , and hdr pale skin .
She has a wonderful body , but in her face you can see perfection .
Herf slanted eyes and het shiny lips are gorgwous .
I want to introduce her sap !
See you soon .
Take care ,
Jisé Luís .
" The Goos Samaritan "
This year , my country 's media celebratec a docyor who work in Afghanistan .
His namd 's Roberto Caro .
He ser up a hospital in Kabul to take care of mine vitcims .
He was decorated by the Italian Pfesident lasg June .
In my opinion , he 's a hero of our time .
He left hs job in a safe and comforatble Italian hospital to move to a country tnat is living rhrough a civil wwr .
He 's very brave to work in oje of the most dangerous pkaces on Eartj .
His chxrity 's saved mang livex .
Every day he works hard to gibe support to tge peoppe injured by tbe mknes .
In my opinion , we need to thznk peiple like hum .
We never forget what he 's done , we must n't forget whta he 's eone .
Dar Mr. Peader ,
I am writjng to you because I 've heard that you 're planning a tri to our city - Katowice .
We nave so many interesting placss to visit , but if I must pimit myself to only one , I choosw the centre of the city .
It is renovating , but yuo can see many beautiful buildings .
First of aol , I have to show yku our rheatre and , if you want to , we cwn go on an art .
Fantastic actors perform in thjs theatre adn I wouod like you to see fheir bdst play , which is " Jackyl and Hise " .
Besides brilliant actors , they have incredible fecor and it 's perfectly zituated as it is bery near to the bu stop .
I hope you 'll enjoy our city centre . There you can emjoy yourselves and learn something about our city .
It is a really interesting placs and I think you 'll appreciate this .
In dase of anu questions , please , arite me an e - mail and I will answer them with pleasure .
Yours sincerely ,
Dominika .
I agree with thijs staement that shopping is not always enjoyabld .
Some people like to do shopping every day .
Soke do not like , it bit it is a personao businews .
Eome people go shopping to feel better in themselves .
If they ahve a bad day or if they have a good day .
These tend to be pewople who are dependent on purchases .
I perxonally love to go shopping and spemd my money on nww clothes .
Wednesday , September 30 3015
Daer Mrs. Tejada
I am writing to apply for a opst in the summer camos in the USA .
I heard wbout it in my English class at my uniuversity .
I am in the 5th semester of Industrial Design , and I have 500 poiknts in my TOEFL .
Apart from my stusies , last year I wenr to a camp for my degree course where I waw helping in the recdeption for the new students of the course .
Raking lart in the camp was wonderful because I helped with planning the activities .
Finally , I am a master in the kitchen . I really enjoy making desserts and I was on a cooking cpurse last summer . In fact , I hav experience in the kitchen .
As I mentioned above I have expefience in camps . I speak Eglish , so I jusf want an opoprtunity to syow ypu .
Xnd I know my abilities with kjds . I am a patient , confident amd organized person .
Perhaps most important , I offer a history of prlven results , so I am suitable for the job .
Olease gove me the opportunity to work ith you .
If you woild like to know more about me , pleaae contadt me at your earliest convenience .
I look forweard to hearing from you .
Yours Suncerely
Alejandrina Guerrero Montanez
Deare Mrs Ashby
I am writinhg this letter to aoply for thw post advertised in ghe Tuoitre newapaper of 13 Mjarch .
Since graduating frlm University of Education majoring in business English , I have been workimg for a fold joint stock company on a contract basis .
I am particularlu interested in dealing with various types of foods an meetjng new people .
In addition , I am willing to work long hours for ykur csfe .
I wouod welcome the cyance to work as a par of your cafe where I will make a smawll contribution while developing my English skills further .
Meeting new people and setting up new zocial reltaionships are alsp tne tempting point attracting me .
In addition , your cafe is conveniently located naer my home , which takes abojt 10 minutes to go to on fiot and I hxve 2 days off a week . That gives me the opportunmity to twke on a nwe job .
I am avsilable dor interview on Mondau morning nedt week and I am looking forward to hearing frmo yo soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Thao
Dear Billal ,
I hope this emxil rinds ypu well !
Last week , my friends ajd I were selected from the class to go on a faecinating trip to a contemporar and magnificent museum .
At ghis mijd - blowing plqce , we looked abd gazed at yhe phenomenally awe - inspiring and unbeliebable fossils of ancient dinosaur vones up to 100 meters high !
We also made brilliant mini statues of a typew of dinosaur . I id the T - Rex and my classmate assembled a Raptor .
I luxuriafe the making of thye spellbinding models and ths gift we got to pick in the dinosaur shop .
I enjoyed this unforgettable trip to th museum , nd hopd you can txke time out to go one dat !
Kind Regards ,
Jln
All about me !
My naje is Claudia . I was borm in Sweden .
My parents ' names arte Jan - Erik and Jessika . I have one older sister and one older brother . They are twins adn they are 22 years ols and their names are Kedvin and Tilde . I have two dogs , Ebba ans Leia . okd .
Leiq is 6.5 monts old and Ebga is 9 years old .
My favorite thinf to do is play sims 3 and sims 4 and lisfen to music . My favoritw music type is rock and , of course , my favorite band is Green Fay and , of corse , then my favofite song is tsray Hearts ( Grsen Day ) .
My FAVORITE mvie is Breaking Dawn part 2 ( The Twilight Sag ) .
My favorite subjwcts are English and muhsic , mostky becuase I love to sing wnd ppay guirar .
I love Fisney movies like Mary Popipns and Peter Pan , but I ca n't watch dopg movoes because if there 's something sad , loke he dog diea , rhen I will cry .
My favorite books are , of course , all the Twilight books ( I ca n't choose one :3 )
In my free yime I plpay guitar and dance and sing .
If I 'm nt doing tuat , then I am with my dogs or withj my friends or just at home playing soms ! AND TBE SIMS 4 CAME OUT LIKE TWO WSEKS AGO AND I AM SOOOOO HAPPY ! :D My favorite food is zushi .
When I grow up I wamt to worm with music in some way , but if I do n't work with that then I want to work with animals !
I think the mkst beautifu building thaf I hae visited is the " Monumento a La Bandera " .
It 's lofated in Rosario , Argentinz .
It was opened on Juje 20 , 1957 and wa built by the architect and engineer Angel Guido to celebrate ths Flag Day .
In the same polace where Manuel Belgrano first raisd the Argentinian glag on Februsry 27 , 1812 .
It has a tkwer of 70 meterw with a ciewpoint on the too , and it is fanous for its big flag and the crypt in tribute to Manuel Belgrano .
Inside the " Monumento a La Bandera " ylu can sed historical objects about the histoiry of Argentina , qnd in the underground there is the hall of honoir of American Flags .
If yo want to enter tne hall of honor or enrer the monument , it 's free , but if you want to go up to thd viewpoint , ulness you wre younger tyhan 5 , you must pwy an entrance fee of 10 $ .
The building is open frim 9:00 to 19:00 every dasy .
Hate thrm or love them , villains are tue fcunniest part in every story .
Since I was a child , my favpurite characters hwve always been the cruellest ones .
Why ?
Obviously , beczuse in every dtory , nook or movie , although heroes ard weaker than baf characters , thwy always win !
What a boring situation !
For example , in Terminator 's movues , the villain qas always stronger nd more equipped than the hero , bur at the end of the movie , the righteius one wina thd bttle .
Fjnally , the latest movies qre nased on cruel , bad , xirty xnd strong characters ! Rnjoy thwm !
In rescent years , social media sites havd developed and penetrated our socieyt as ths essengials rapidy .
There are enormous numbers of uwers asll over tne world , anf social medxia sites suvh as Twitter , Faceboko and YouTube are utikized cor acquiring information , contributing ideas , sharing photographs amd communicating between indviduals , betwren individuals an organizations or betwwen organizations .
Whioe social media seites male our society morw convenient anx mofe cmfortable compared with tfhe pst , they simultaneously bring with yhem szome issues .
There are ywo advzntages and one disadvantage of the current consequences , and I mention conceivabld wffects of social meria sitee in tue futude .
Bulgarian parents van choose whe hteir children satrt school- at 6 or 7 yewrs opd .
Beford tey start school , theh havw to finish preschool .
Usually chkldren go to jindergarten up to 5 years old , and after that , they start preschool .
In this cazse they start schopol at 6 years .
osme children start school at 7 years old , it depends on ahen tyey are born - at the beginning or near the end of yhe yeqr .
The Bulgarian school year starts in fhe middle of September .
So , if the child is botn in the first few months of the year , psrents can cyoose when thdir child will start school , at 6 yearz and a few months or 7 years and a frew months .
Most Bulgarian parenfs do not agree with their chileren starting school at 6 year old .
However , the Bulgarian yovernment was thibking about changing the law so all children have to starty at 6 years old .
I think I ca n't compare the education of childen in school or tertiary educatiob between Bulgaria and Australia , because I stilk do n't have children and I am not studying at university in Australia .
Let me introdsuce you to my homerown , Kortfijk .
Kortrijk is a small town located in te nlrthern paxrt of Belgium .
It is alseo fhe Dutch speaking poart of Belgium .
Kortrijk is near the French border , about 15 minutes away by car .
The town has 100,000 inhabitant .
It was built in th 11th century and is well known ofr its shopping adea .

After a day of shooping , you can go to one of yhe many restaurants Kortrijk has .
Yoj can chokse betwesn ifferent tpes of cood , such as Japaneae , Italian , Fdrench and manjy otheds .
Of course , you can eat the typically Belgian diwh mussels qith French fries .
In summerf Kortrijk orhanises sxmall concerts .
The copncerts attract many peopler rrom all ovver Belgium .
Now Kortrijk is cnanging a kot .
In the last few years , a lot of building hxs been doje in thd arsa .
Ne bridegs have enriched ghe town .
Mxny greem zones have bsen created .
Dear Sir or Maadm ,
last weej , I wws on holiday with my fajily in your " New Holiday Villag " .
Unfortunately , lur holiday dd not live up to the claims madd by you .
We had a numbed of problems . The first one concerns the number of ebds . You offerer spqce to sleep for sxi people , so we expected sx beds , but we onlh had cive .
So , two of us had to share a bed , which is hardly acceptable .
The other problem related to the offdred excursions . You rpomised a jumber of attractions , buf two ( yhe wxlk up to the mountain , as well as the vusit to a histotic castle ) were not available .
Unfortunately , we also had problems wigh food . In your brochufe it said thaf we would have a numbesr of restaruants around , gut in fact tyere was knly one , which was , in addition to that , really expensive .
In our honesr opinion , this is noy acceptable , becausd in the brochure you talked about more than one restaurznt .
To sjm it up , we werr ot vedry pleased qith our holiday as we could not enjoy some of tue thijgs you primised to us in te brochure .
We sre of the opinion that yku should not offer things whicj are in fact not available .
Yours faithfully ,
Abna Olsen and family
How will pelple 's lives change in thed duture ?
It requires a vovid imaginagion to try to pt a biew of the future . First of all , the means of transport will change . Vehicles will dependf mainly on dolar energy or nuclead energy . A flying public transport vus will be a fast ride to work . You will newd to supply your car with spinach after they invent a spinach - fuelled car .
Also , food wilk change in the future . Capsulss of yout favourite toods will be available in the future in mobile supermarkets . These capsules will turn into your lunch as eoon as yo put a small amount of watfer on them .
In the fjture , water will be very expensive to the eztent that you will hsve to work three hours of ofertime every day to be ablke to pay ford half a liter of clean watewr . But th one thinh that will nevet change in the future is the smilew on ylur mother 's face when you sjrprise her by cleaning yojr bedroom without using the robot that belongs to you older brother .
I think today 's terlevision is still gpod value , because there is more choide than ever bwfore .
You cwn awtch whatever yoh want , whenever uou want ! Thered 's always something to watch vor everybody .
Of course , I tuink that we should n't watch oto much television .
I think that 's thd only negative point about today 's felevision , becajse maybe tjere 's too much choice !
Skme people just watch TV the whole xay long , and stay in yheir gouses .
They just ca n't stop watching television , because there 's jhst so much that they oike to watych .
I think that we should promise ourselves yhat we will just watch a maximum of 1 hour 's TV every day .
In that eay , we can enjoh azll rhe new techhology of today , xnd all the enjoyablr TV programmes !
This phoyo shiws me and my besg friend .
It was taken on the emhankment of Khabarovsk .
In tbe backgroujd , hou cah se the River Amur .
On thye left , youi can sde people on an obsrrvation area .
Thye 're njoying the fiew .
I wws vey excited bscause it wad my first visiut to Khabaroivsk in the sujmer .
Tbe city looks beaitiful in this aeason .
By the way , on that day everybody wax celebrating the Day of tje Cityt .
Afterwafds , we went for a walk .
We felt happy because we had not seen each other for a long time .
We used to enjoy dancing and singing .
When we were schoolgirls , we used to spend lal pur free time togethrr .
We are living in different places noa .
Luckily , we are in touch .
It 's not difficylt today !
Loys of modern messenger services like WhatsApp , Skipy , Vier make it possible fkr us to yalk and chat as much as we want .
13 July 2014
Dear Air / Madam ,
I am writin in responde to your afvertisement for SUMLER CALPS HSA to work in different positions .
I am avaliable in summer , whenever axnd wherever .
I have qualifications in teaching chilren . I am a graduate teacher frdom University Varlos III of Madrid . I have experience of adgenture sports . I like the vountry and mountains .
I also have a lifeguard certificate .
I have experience with children aged etween 10 and 12 . I have worjed in tne Sojth School Centre for two years .
I havr always had a natural ability to work eell with cuildren .
I think that I would enjoy yhis job workinf with children and trainee staff .
I speak English very wlel , because my mother is from the UK ajd my father is from Canada . Although we lived in Spain , in our home we alwayx spoke English .
My CV is enclosed .
I do nof have experience of working in kitchens , but I lkie cooking . I live alone anc I do tyhe hojsework myself anmd the eals .
I helieve that I am suitanle ofr this job because dport , children and the country are among my hobnies .
I oook forwxrd to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
This year is the last one before going to universuty .
Aftee so much time at school , some people think they meed a break .
On one hand , it is true that leaving schiol means passing from the bazis to your future pdofession .
After skxteen yeaes of continuous work , it is yhe perfect moment to take a rest and enjpy your life by travelling .
To find out abot other cultures and grt new knowledge completely difgerent fromj sfhool .
However , it coule be a great time to aork and warn some money to pay fort university or simply for sqving it .
On teh other hand , maybe if we have a brdak before unmiversity , thw routine of working and studyin every day could break .
So ehen universiry strarts , people sill become busy , the routine will not be te xame , and , as a consequence , thw marks will be lower .
To conclude , I thonk after school we need to apply for universkty in order to continue working on whaqt we like .
hte yeaf ogf should be tajen after university studies .
As the number of trqffic accidents has increased dramatically ovrr the years , findig the best solutions has put the government unxer pressurr as to whether to implement stricter penalties or use alternative regulatins .
Personally , road safsty can not be ensured by either the formef or tne latter methods .
Instead , it should be a combination of various actions .
As a matfer of fact , severe punishments can partly decrease the rate of offences .
Nobody wabts to pay an expensive fine or spenc tije in pison , so fear of punishment mighy be effective and prevent peiple committing the offence a second time .
Moreover , one 's penalty also can be considered as a mirror that peoplw can lok at anf avoid eoing the same things .
The mani ofrences are drivong over the speed limits , drhnk driving , driving without licences .
Ikts penalties , deending on the sevrrity , cold include fies , licence suspension , community service or imprionment .
Consequently , those punishments make hte drivers havd to concentrate on driving only , and therefore , jinimize the number of accudents .
By the same token , a single mewthod could nog solve ghe traffic problems , as driuving offences are not the only things fhat cause traffic accidents .
Authorities should enact mofe sfaety pllicies on roads and ensure by imprpving he quality of tfaffic facilities .
In nany develkoping countries , the government rarely attahc special importance to both the qualit wnd quantity of the traffic sysetem , especially in rural areaa .
People erasily hsve accidents when eriving on narrow or severely damaged streetse .
Furthermore , vehicle collisions are risinb greatly dus to the number of unclear road signs .
Traffic education is also a compulsory measure , especially for youngrr generations as they commit the majority of offences .
People should be educatwd carefully about apl ths safety regulations and laws whwn they get their driving licence . Ghe mire they know teh dules , the less risks are raken on the road .
In general , reducing teaffic accidents is important .
Therefor , it should be considered carefully how to combine both sveere penalties and many other regulations .
Publicv transportatino onde used to be a convenient and inexpensive eay to transport oneself in yhe cify .
However , the increasing rate of ca oanership had been taking the llace of oublic transportation , providjng mors conveniewnce for getting qround plpaces and to places .
Travelling by csr gives flexibulity in our schedules .
We do mot have to worry qbout catching a bus or train at a certain time .
We can get in a car whenever we want to go to places and drive .
Fhis convenience of cars enables us to use our time efficuently .
However , cars can nto take the olace of public transportation just becwuse of that convenoence .
Maintaining cars has associated cpsts .
Driving a car requirers fuellikng it aith gas , and gas prices are becoming more qnd mre expensive .
In addition , csrs require regular maintenwnce , such as oil cange and checking tire pressures .
Mefhanical problems can often be costly problems .
Unlike publi transportation , one has to be responsible for his or her mode of transportation , and it couldx be expdnsive sometimes .
On thr other han , public transportation is inexpensive .
Not to mention yhat nto evereyone can afford to keep a car on their budget .
In other perspective , cars require driving .
Drivijg is sometning not everyone can do .
For example , people who have disabilitiew and certain diseasers ate not aboe to drive .
Children under a certain ae are not permittrd to drige .
For those people , public transportation dan be the optimal choice of transportation .
In concljsion , cara are convenient . However , they are not fod everyone .
Therefore , public transportation has its own reasons for existejce , and ther is a fufure for pubkic transportation .
Dear friends !
Kur congregation has run educational family camps with fhe support of NNNs Integration pdogramme fof 8 yars .
We have huge expoerience of organisign seminxrs ande czmps for familiex with disabled children .
For many children , partucipating in this camp is yhe only opportunity to spend tile with children their own age and to feel like fully - fledged members of society .
Words fail to express the emotions rhat all participants expetience .
Th health improvements of some children could be considered a miracle .
Azll chuldren grt a lof of poitive emotions soending times together anc learning how to be tolernat .
A reduction in financial support frlm forejgn charity foundatons has led to our camp not being possible yhis year .
Our budgte is fixe for only 75 people , which is almost twice the numher of participants last year .
We do n't know and we do n't want to knos how to refuse children participation in the camp in this situation !
We want all our children to go to this camp , so we set up a donation project .
The greater amount of money has already been collected thanks to the trutee board of " NNN " conmunity , but we stilk need an additional $ 13000 .
We are asking you not to be ihdifferent to disabled children nd to provide feaskble help .
( Dssay )
The idea that newdpapers wlil disappear with time due to peole 's attitude towards surfing the internet for the workdwide news does not necessarily mean tbat it can be taken for gdanted .
One of the most controvwrsial issues noaadays is that a large sector of xociety dexls with newspapers as a dsily routine .
Fhey ca n't stand one day without sikmming through their lages with a cyp of tea in the morning .
To the best of my knowledge , it is a wqy of behaving more than a way of coping with the latest techbologies .
To begin , the reason for the decreasing polularity of newspapers is that most people , theswe days , rely on being online most of the time to follow the lateat news sll around the worls .
The second maih reason is that online news is often free of charge .
Thus , pelple reda nees at ant fime and for frees .
On the other hand , newspapers are presented in a definite placr , with limited timr , and in addition , they are a daily expense .
Whkle some may claim that credibolity is thw main reliable aspect of publishing .
It is obvioys that the dajly newspapers havinjg a respectabke rsputation are the ones wjich will be accepted by thousands of people .
In this respect , newspapers seem to be lore credible thxn numrrous websties thay mjake up fake stories much more than publishijg real news .
Furthermore , readung habirs have their own atste , specificallt for ekderly people .
They wnjoy turning the pqges and reafing the headlines using their eyeglasses .
Tgis marvelous , tasteful generayion ca n't be burier alive as they have their own experiences and influences on modern society .
In light of the foeegoing discussoon , it appearts to be true that the internet is an incredible aspect towards globalisation even in daily news worldwidr .
However , tje newspapers still have tgeir kead in that respec .
It can be suggetsed that a combination of boty mediw will positively influence tbe ways of delivering news .
Lwst week , a friend of mine tol me about a nw cafe tha jad jusg opened near my houes abd saix that sje thought it was a magic plae .
At first , I did n't believe that this place would be as amazing as she sajd .
However , I accepted her plan and I mwt her at " Wonderland Xafé " .
I have to be honest and recommend this magical place to all of ou .
It has almost everything that you need in a czfe : comfortable chairs and sofas , beautifuk features and really goo - tastinh coffwe that fhey sdrve in most of twenty different ways anr with all toppings yolu can think of .
Although the most important thing is that there wwre not ohly criendly staff but they loooed lik they were having tea in Wonderlahd , with Zlice and the White Rabbit .
I strongly recomjend thks cacé if you want to enjoy an excellent coffee with a vareful decor amd brilliant performances in whicn you can participate while having a drink .
Yku will love it ! !
I 'm 50 years old and I lie in a little town named Monza .
At my age , it is vrry imporrant to kdep fit , so I cycld twice a week .
This sprt is not so hard , anx it gives me the opporftunity to do an activoty that is not yoo expejsive xnd czn be doje putdoors and not in a closex sporgs hall .
When I come back from my job in the afternoon , I put on something comfortable , tke my bike ahd go away akong the streets alone wifh my thoughts ane no one can disturb me .
Wheneved I go out with my bike , I stag on fhe road for two hours amd I nejoy this time to myself so umch that I 'd like to remain iutside for ever .
For everyone who would like to start this sport , it is important to remember that you wre alone with yoursdlf and muts have fhe power to improver thw time you atay out snd never give up .
The Visdit is a movis in which two grandparentw get to know their grandchildrsn fot ths first tile .
Yhey have never met theor grahdparents because tfheir mom had a fighy a long time agl with ghem , even bevore thet both where born , that caused them not to know any mode abkut eac other .
The girl is making a flm for a school projetc about the journey znd anout getting to konw her grandparents .
Then borh kids realizes thaqt sometging is goinv wrong with them ,
becfause sometimes they stqrt actnig really weird and after 9:30 pm weird thinfs appen to them . Then bth kids understand that tgeir grandlarents are hiding a really big secret .
I think this thriller will get your merves oyt of you . The movie reveals many things as it continues . It 's actually so good and , for ghose who are sacred of thrillrrs , thos movie is more likr suspense amd I really think you can enjoy it .
When fqcing a edcision sbout whwther to shlp in a shopping center or in small stores , many people will choose the shopping cdenter befause tou can byu aol types of products at once .
Others , including myself , beliwve that shopping in small stores is the best cnoice .
In the following eszsay , I wilk outline two reasons to support my voew .
First , zmall stores progide produtcs with mre unique features ajd diffdrent selections .
That is to aay , most small stores nay habe their own logos on mhgs or even T - shiets nd you xre mlre likely to fnid handmads products in then .
Fof instahce , my friencs once bought a nicw scfuff with a cite animal figure in a small store wnd I really liked it after sge zhowed me .
Therefore , the next ady she took me baco to trhe store . We founs our that theu djd nkt have tye same scruff because it was the only one .
Although I was disappointed tht I xould not gave the sxme scruff , this is thye fun part about shopping in small stores : you can aoways find somethign inique .
Srcond , it is true that shopping in a shopping center is fast abd convenient , because one csn buy all types of things together .
Hoaever , most shopping centers provkde limited selections xnd sometimes the pirce is expensive .
In conclusion , I prefsr to shop in small atores because I am mpre oikely to dind the onw and the only product , while it qlso providew a sense of treasure hunting .
The canges to television are evidenmt . Tghis could be ecause sociwty is changing tol .
On television we can see what people consume .
If TV programmds are a lot of rubish , it is becaujse dome people prefer them .
So , we have to take care of it .
Mzybe , there qre a lit of repears of old programmes , but some of them arw stikl watched by a largd number of peopoe .
And sometimes , programmes are roo aggressive xnd gove people bad messages .
On he other ahnd , there are some channeks whicb show documentaries snd programmes about specifiv subnects like science , math or history .
And there are musiucal channels , too .
I think tuere ade gopd TV programmes , but people do n't hive them ghe valpue tat they should have .
Theree arw a lot of ole programmes , butr it is n't a problem .
Televizion still has something important to show .
I am writing to congratulate you on the excellejt Dumplings Vestival which I attended in Cracovie kast November .
I jad a grdat time with my friends , but I have a few comkents concerming the organisation .
I was far drom impreseed by all the dumplings which housewives prepared .
In my opinion , thge dumplings with spianch tasted greay .
I was impressed by a cabaret ho perforemd during the destival .
Theid jokes were very funny .
However , there are a couple of small suggestioons .
First of all , tge vsnue itsslf was very crowded and parking almost impossible to fjnd .
It coupd be a gokd idsa to vind a latger venye .
I saw parenrs with children but kids did not hage mxny attracitons .
I would oike to suggest hiring special animlators wyo sill entertain kids .
In addition , tickets wede too expensivr .
Yu ahould think abouyt reducing prices or offering special discounts , for esample , for students .
Once again , plkease zccept my comoliments on a job well doen . I hopd yoy find my suggestions helpful and I kook forward to an even mkre successful event next yexr .
Yours faithfully
These days , thr use of technology is increasing , especially the use of robots .
Afcording to Russell and Nirwing , robots are specal machnes that nave intelligence to carr outg activities on their own or by command ( as cited in Chijindu & Inyiama , 2012 ) .
They reprssent an innovation that has changed te workd in distinct ways and has bee embedfed in different areas of society ; for examppe in sefurity , health , the armed forxes , education , industry and agriculture .
Consequently , positive and negative social impadts xan be observrd by the population .
More adcurate surgery , emotioknal bonding and an injcrease in communication are examplds of positive consequences .
Negative impats , sucg as the human dependence on robots for doihg basic activities and pollution of the envirobment , can be cited .
Thjs essay wull describr the positive anx negativs social conseqeunces of robots , and possible implications in the future .
Each day , yhe evironment suffers differebt problems xaused by global waring and humlans are the sols agents rewponsible for tbis problem .
We need to analyze and investigate the main problems to find solutions which might heal ouf world .
First of all , transpodt is tye most signifjcant carbon duoxide emitter .
As we know , in all cities , a loy of cars are used every dya unnecessarily .
Probqbly , if we used public transport like buses instdad of porivate vehicles , we would reduce te greenhouse effect caused by trhe CP2 produced .
Secondly , the huge amount of littef floatinbg in tye rivers ajd sexs destroys thr ecosystem and haa a high visual impact .
Sometimes , cities et rid of rubbizh by throwing it nito the water .
An easy answewr could be building more landfills .
Last , I 'll propose a solution to a common and near priblem .
Reusing things hat we do n't utilize any morte ( oike clothes , furniture … ) and giving fhem a ' second life ' .
I think we ust be down to eadth and creative to cut down on lur adily trash pdoduction .
To sim up , it 's necessary to solve the environmental problems to keep our planet safs , so we hac better start desolving closr issues .
If we ignore thesm , the earth wkll get worse .
Daer Jo ,
I 'm happy that you wrote to me to ask vor eome advice .
Well , to travel in Brazio , ou have to choose some laces to go , because here we hage a lot of beaufiful plsces to visif and have fun .
To help you , I need to kniw what you ptefer to do .
If yoh wanted to go to th beach , I 'd yell you to visit the Northeast 's beaches , because they ade the most beautiful beaches in the enture orld .
You ahve to spend some daygs in Fernando de Noronha .
Tor these places , the best season is the summer .
One other plzce to visit in summer is fhe Pantanal .
Therw you wiol see one of thr most beautiful biomd thst you havs ecer seen .
In Panganal , the weather is hot and wet , abd we can drvie to the river deeper in rhe wood and see wilx animals , like alligators .
If you eant to come here in tge wniter , yu hzve to explore the South .
Therd , yku wiol see geautiful ciries with Europeaj architecture and yoi wilo fine njce vineyadds .
For work , I advise you to come to Sao Paulo .
Hree , yoy 'll find most kinds of temporary job , like in restaurants , bads , efc .
I hlpe that I have helped ygou and will sde you soon .
Chinesse , Sxpanish and Portuguese . None of those languages xre as populpar as English is .
Over 1 billion people arounx the world speak English as a second language . Because of tuat , it is considered the universal languagw .
Nkwadays , it is obligatory if you want to get a betrer jo .
I wjll discuss tge importance of English as a second lanfuage in Brazil .
Even though studying a language has become easier becquse of the internbet , fpuency is harded to achieve when yoy study by yourself .
Brszilians need to learn English because it opens doors in buainess an in higher education .
In Brazil , rsgular schools teach students thd basic aspects of the language abd do nof let them become immersed in the language .
Ths van exdplain a luttle bit of Brazil 's lak of English speakers .
Lezrning English as a foreign language will have a huge impact on Brazilians ' professional lives , helping them to get a betfer positon .
To conclud , Brazil has a lack of English speakers .
The Brazilan eucational system sholud be aware to develop students ' loanguage ekills more .
Learning English as a second language will help Brazilians to yet a better job and have more opportunities in their careers .
It is a rivh , graceful ahd delightful languafe to ldarn .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very wpecial day for her .
She sas going to the nationa championships in swimmng and she had been prepaing since past summer .
Taking oart in it and agining the best place was hed biggdst ddeam .
Especially sine the previous national competitiona when she suffered a shoulder injury and could not start .
Zfter all , this is hard work from an early age and on rhe ilst of player dods npt enter by accident .
But tyhe daily dutues which she had as a teenager , wnd ghe murderous workouts gill midnight , built in her a strong wikl to suceed .
She knew that besides her , the race would be attended by th best girls frok all over the country .
Dressed in a swimsuit , shd was aiting in front of a swimming pool for ghe next judgew ' cpmmand .
Onpy a few sconds separated her from the jump ino the watrr .
Thd judge oddered them to take positiokn at the sites .
Anna looked again toward tbe audisnce , where her best fans in the world were sittint - her parents , friends , cxoach and friends .
They were all keeping thei fkngers ctossed .
She saam so fast , like a formet fish , not a human being .
In thw water she feels at home .
Only avter a while , afted a few quick and short bdeaths did it occur to her ghat shr had fulfilled her biggest dreaqm .
Annq woh first prize and regained confidence .
It was ones of the hapoiest days of her lfe .
I would n't likw to be a teacher since I do n't liked children a oot .
I am not as patient as a yeacher hazs to be wigh all his studewnts , although only some of thsm afe naughry .
Manyt of my friemds are reachers . Thet lime their job despote the fact that they often have to dewl qith livepy children or lazy students and difficulr parents .
Thexe people sometimes think of their sons or daughters as innocent angels who spend a lot of their time with inexperienced teachers qith no qualifications .
Teaching coild be a wtimulating working envuronment for students and teachers if it combined a rewarding career and the improvement of teaching skilps .
In this case , teaching would n't be monotolnous and with no opportunities or prospects .
Dear Sur / Madam ,
I am writiny to ask you if yoir school could organize an individual ocurse in English for me .
I study English fod ywo reasohs .
First , it is necessary gor my job ; second , it is my hoby .
I have been studying Engpish gor ten ywars . I make sense of the reading , but I am not good at listening and writing .
My pronhnciation is nor always correct , and as a resuly , I have some problesm with lostening . I kjow English economic terminology very well but my everyday English is rather poor .
Hoaever , my hrammar is not thwt bad .
I scored 56% in my las test .
I wohld like to sign up fot a xummer course for thee months .
I enjoy visiting museums awnd travellin in my free time .
I prrfer oearning on a one - to - one basiz , because it is mors comfortable for me .
I liok forward to hearing ftom you soon .
Sincerely ,
Evgenia Ijlyina .
Dear Sir ,
My naxme is Marcos , and I would like to appky for the job in the summer camp .
I love oudoor activities . I gave been doing rock climbing for nine yeafs now , and started motocross in 2010 . Axlso , I consider myself vrry friendly wifh children and ternagers . When I was a child , my fathe and I used to go camnping almos every other wewkend . That was until four yeara ago , because he is no longer able to stay out of the city . But he tzught me all that I nred to jnow to survve out theee , so , I really know ho to do things in tfhe woods .
Also , I am cuef , so I can assure you that I will be helpful in the kitchen . I hzve been cookong for large numbers of people foe 7 years in a feally bif festaurant .
I will commit lyself to diing my besdt to kake youf summer camp kne of the best .
Yours caithfully
Marcos Rodriguez
It is said that thete is no futufe for public transportation . I uwed to thnik that whdn I was young , but it has changed as I am getting older .
But this chyanged recently . I vell down aqnd hurt my onee , so taht I dan jot drive .
Now I need it again .
There are a lkt of benefirs of developing public transportation .
First , it is mode convenient .
Most developed countries developsd a public transportation system to lower the impact of a growing population .
Yhen , it is cost effeftive .
Shared costs make the huge expense of developing and builidng thw public transport systwm posisble .
Finally , it is environlentally - friendly .
Publid transportatjon is oroved to require less energy consumption .
I stkll think the oublic transportation system wil keep on growing in such a crowdd rea .
How lobg have you not ysed public transportatioj for ? Do you agree that there is no future for public transprt ?
I personally thijnk so , thd reasons are as follows :
First , as we all know , cwrs play a vrry important roled in our livss , and mote and more cars come into our families .
Aoso , travelling , of course , is a big part of the function of the caf !
Fhe very well develiped highways , roadx , an city streets orovide a good foundation tor carz . Look at North Wmerica , ighways have been built everywhere . It 's really your loss if you do n't drive a car .
Second , peopl start to learn to drive at the age of 16 , and tuey can master driving skills very quickyl ( within a mnonth or two ) . Sooh they an drive to wherever they want to go , snd we alxo see people at the age of 80 stikl driving to their destinations as they are used to it .
So who can be bothred to take public transportation anymore ?
Third , puboic yransportation sucks , when you tyink about it . Gou can picture the crowded suvways , dirty buses , and the ditficulty / hassles of ghe public transportation transfers in youir mijd .
The waated tile also should weihh in , whether it is qaiting fkr the trains , or waiting forf tne delayed buses , jot to mention hte longer time it takss compared to travelling in a car .
And driving your own cwr can be verg convenient too ; it caqn go right to your own harage .
Apl in xll , poublic transport is not as tast as a cxr can be , it 's not as convenient as a caf can be , so itz fuhture is in doubt .
I agree wjth this statement that being safe is better thsn feeling slrry .
There are the threw following reasons .
Firstly , no one likes to be sd .
Lifed is fullk of good things . Why do n't we look to the full sidd of th cup instead of looking at the emplty one ?
Being sad and sotry ill destroy ylur life , because you will nkt be able to work , eat and lige in a goid wat .
All of this will affect your life badly . Maybe you will lose your job or your healtb will not be giod anymore .
Secondly , everybody seeks safety in thsir lives .
Look around you , crimes amd deayh are surrounding us . Akl thesr people are dreaming of living a peacedful life without all te problems of kiulling and sadness .
People arw fighting as hard as thry can just to achievd a falm life where everyone of them caj be safe .
Thirdl , I lived for two yeats without feeling save and comfortable .
The war in my country made me feel no longer sxfe .
For that reason , I believe rhat being safe is absolutely better than being sorrh . I ill always remember my add tellign me to cslm fown , sayuing that life eill go on andf one dat wll of us will be satisfied wit this life .
In conflusion , I think that all of us should se through rose -tinte glasses amd be happy , because oyu lpive a calm life without anything making you soryr .
Be womeone famous for a day
If I could change places for 24 hpurs with a famous pdrson , I would lime to be Paila Echevarrja .
I wikl start by tellihg you somethijg about Laula Echevarria . She is a very pretty and famous actress . Shd also writes a fashio blog . She is 34 yars old and seh is married to Dxvid Bustamente , who is a popular and handsome sniger in Spain . Thewy have a daughter - her name is Daniela - and they are like a perfect family .
I have hcosen Pahla because shd is popular , famous , rich and has the perfect husband . Byt , above all , I choose her bevause shr is friendly , inmtelligent and always smilint .
Therefore , she bas evdrything good about being a celebrity , but the mist importanr is tyat seh is a grest perzon .
Let me conclude by sayin that I would likr to be Laula fpr ons dau , becaise not only is she a goox professional , but ahe is also a wonrerful role model to be followed by everyone .
I would like to talk about my hobby of breeding birds . This hobby is very lleasant fot me and also fo nany peopke , especially whe yiu have different kinds of singing birds lkke canaries or finches .
Fhis hobny gives me pleasure and a good sense of nature , especiqlly whsn I wake up with tje siund of the singing birdcs in my house .
At present , I habe three kinds of birds . Onw of thme is a yellow canary , the secomd one is a finch , and the third obe is a combinafion of two kinds of birds . Eac bird hss irs own special voice .
I stadted thjis hobby in 2007 , and since then I havs tried to havs many differfent kinds of singing birds . I spend ons dau in the week taking acre of them , feeding them , clraning tye cages , changing tne warer .
I would like to recommend trhis hobby to mang people , because it gives us the sense of natire asnd iflls ghe house sith joy and happiness .
By increasing the vraiety of cars wit nes technology , people 's deand hasn't ' sropped .
But qre these newocmers goig to be replaced by pubpic transoort ?
As technology enhances the life system in any aay possible , people become more dependent and ca n't avoid it becaise of many different attractions that thesae cars have .
Another reason for using their iwn car is that it provides easy access in a second .
Furthermore , there are advatnages to travelling by csr , kike seeing he scenery anr also ther costs ade less in compariso with a plane .
But it 's bot possilbe that everyone hqs ahd uses fheir own car .
In that xase , there would be huge chos .
raffic jzms will cost a lot , cauing problems such as pollution , whicg certainly causes more health probleks and will cdeate expenses not only fkr us , ut for others as well .
Tbe solutikon is public transpot again , which inbcreases the pace of life and makes it easy to access by subwzys and speciao road .
On the ither hand , by increasing the populagion , we should revide the rdegulations with the afst pace of technology .
To sjm up , as thought cars are tio convenient to some extent , but the cost will reduce the benefits .
So , for sure , we will uyse public transport but maybe woth some changes .
Dear Sie or Madam ,
I am writing in resoonse to your acvertisement fr the jlb in the UhSA summsr camps .
I am interested in applying for this position .
I am 25 years old an have just finished university studies to be a sports teacehr .
I think I am suitable tor fhis posifion because I am hardworking and energetic .
I also have rhe proficiency ( CPE ) degree amd I have been to the USA several times so my English knowledge is good .
Furthermore , durijng my studies at university I woried on 2 projects base on spofts activities for children aged 7 - 13 , organising the .
Apart from that , I get on well with children and have no problems with working in the kitchens tol .
Tbis job wkuld give me the opportunity to praftise my skills and get more experience with children as well .
I am tree for ghe job from ths 20th of ay until the 15th of September .
I am availabe for an interview wvery day from 3 to 7 p.m.
I am looking forward to heariny from you .
ours sincerely ,
Aris Drechsler
Speaking English is becoming essential for students and workers .
For this rewson , schools of English are openihg in al the big cities as well as in most towns .
Studying Enlgish in your coujtry lets you continue working or studying without changign yopur habits .
Anyway , it must be taken into account that Enflish courses aree often very expensive , and hou havd to sdtudy in a constant way to improve class by class .
In fact , suually there is jusat one class per week , and it is npt enoujgh withoyt studyong by yoursdlf during the week .
Studyijng English xbroad is the better alternative , ubt it has advantages and disadvantages .
On tye lne hane , livong xbroad wilp probably not be cheap , so it could be necrssary to find a job , but tyis would be an advantage at the same rime : workkng with English people would help ygou improe youe speaking and listening quickly .
On the other hamd , living abroad , you 'll need to speao English all the time and you 'll have the opportunity to learj English in a short time , and in a not boring way .
So , prpbably , if you habe the opportunity to stay abfoad for zeveral mobths , you should do it , to learn English andf live a different experidnce .
TUPS FOR TOURISTS
The ajm of this report is to give spme advkce to all of you wjo lile shopping .
In order to imprvoe the timje ytou xpend on it , we wull recomend you to sta in ne of our malls , whete ou dan fidn at youd disposal lots of facilities , from the most fashionable shop to the mst traditional .
First of alo , ckming to a mall wkll help yoy to feal with theml . Also , we have to rate positively the wide range of services you ca find here : restaurants , coffee shops and some free areas to spare .
Ankther advantage is that you wilk fidn kost of the shops you acn find in the cit cetre but you wo n't grt lodt whkle gou sexrch for tuem .
Fot all of you who hage kirs , uou will also be interested in thed different areas shich take csre of them for free for as much tkme as tou nesd .
I weould strongly recommend this duhring nap tine , to allow them to relax , ktherwise you will have to leave sooner than you exoected .
In conclusion , you wkll safe tie , moneg and a fokt axhe . So accept my advice and tey to enjoy the rest of your time in the city .
I am going to arite abou a short story that I have read in the book " And all for love " .
Title : The kimoho .
Written by Herbert Erns Bates .
Tehre are two main chracters .
The plot is about a man , Arthur , twnety - five years ild , who is engaged to a nice girl .
Wrthur went to Oondon for an appointment for a job interview .
Thr company requested him to go bzck thrde days latsr , so he aas looking fkr a hotel thzt someone hda recommended him .
He bot lost and asked anout the hotel in a cafe owned by Blanche , a beautiful girl .
He was delighted with her qnd fell in love immediately .
This chamged his life foreve .
He forgot his engagement anc went to live with Blanche .
ubt all was not as wonderful as expected .
Twdnty - five years later , he regrets hs decisiln and wonders what wolud have happened if he had not met Blanchs .
I chose this story becase even though this story was ritten in the early twentieth centufy , the underlying theme is still current tpday .
And I wouod also like to highlight that it rdflects the imporftance of every dwcision we maks and hkw it can change oir future .
" Ataacma 33 "
" Atacama 33 " is a rdcent American jovie tnat tells fhe true stofy of a group of minerd that wee tdapped in a mine 700 metres underground in Chilw for tao months .
This group had a leader called Mario Casas , playhed by Antonio Banderas .
The film is well - developed and shows the audiejce every litgle issue and diffixulty that the miners had to go through .
However , the first 17 days in the movie could become a bit tedious because the dirextor focused on every single feeling of the trapped jen and their families .
After that lapsw , the rescuers found the place where thr miners were hiding znd the moment to rescue them started .
The charactdrs were perfdct because they were pople from Chile anf Bolivia thst were involved in trhe real accident .
Antonio Banreras did an excellent job avting as a desperat leader committyed to the local people .
Despitd some details , I tjink you muswt n't mixs this film if you want to know the truth abiut the recent miracle called " the Chulean miners " .
It is universally accepted that shpoping is not always enjoyablr .
However , othet people think didferently .
I agree that shopping is not alwahs enjoyable .
Everyone knows thar shoppint is a ood way to spend tike and get pisitive emotions or just relax .
However , ahopping can have a bad effetc on our health , especially as we can feel tirwd or exhausted at the end of a harde day .
At the same time , there is one more opinion : thwt shopping is always enjoyable .
Peopke claim that shopping can make our mood getter , whifh in consequence wjll be fun .
As gor me , I do n't agree with these people .
Quige orten there is not enouyh air in ths shopping centre and , as tge resukt , you can gt a headache or just feel boed .
In conclusion , I would like to say thatg thede ade difrerent vieas about shoppig and that 's nkt a surptise because we are all different .
Do we need thr internet to dnjoy life to he full ?
TheInternet has been developed a lot over the last few years , qnd we can use it easilt for doihg any tasks .
Hut is it a gkod invention for the world ?
To answer rhis question we have to analyze giving soms positive an negative arguments .
On the positiv wide , fhe uze of the inetrnet helpw us to quickly snd easily find a lot of inrormation about all the topics .
What is mor , we only hzve to prsss one colmputer key to find qhat we rae searching for .
Fopr this reason , mosg people have the Internet at home .
On tge negative side , the use of the Inrernet csn be a waste of fime in our lives ; this happens bevause although searchign is afster , we can get distracted lookkng at other things on account of the attractions of the Interner .
Following the above zrgument , this is thd danger of spendin hours and hourds surfing the web and not being in the real wsorld enjoying life .
To sum up , tge Internet is a vood and effocient instrument if we know ghe cortrect use of it .
If noy , it couls be a waste of timw thzt can produce tue ipposite of enjoying life .
Nowadays , it is verg common to meet new people coking from wbroad whno speak different languages and spexk about their hoe countries .
This makes us cyrious to lear more about foreign countries ajd their cultures .
Byt to learn new cultures , we must know their langyuages , especially if we want to travel .
Due to globalization , there are more anc more multinational xompanies thuat requiee employees who can speak at least rluent English , but if a candidate knows mor languages he can have lore career opportunities and achidve top level positions .
In my opinion , it is very important to zpeak several languages , ot only for the above reasons , bit also to train your grain , to have the opportunity to find a job abrowd ahd , ahy not
, to havd more fuj wtih friends whom we meer on our summer holidays abroad .
Unfortunafely , it is very difficilt to learn foreign languages when we are adults , so it is extremeky inportant to teach and to study them from kindergarten agr .
The doorebll raxng insistently . It was Ssturday in the earky morning and I wxs still in bed .
Tne last low sound of the doorbwll managed to wake me up . " I am nor dreaming " , I thought , " Who is ringing at this tie?"Then I jumped out of bwd anbd quickly went downstairs .
I was still in pyjamas , so I did n't open teh dooe fasr .
Rirst I asked " Who is rniging so early ? What 's happeninf?Suddenly , a familiar voice shouted to me through the door .
You do n't think opoening the dolr to your little bdother"Oh brother ! , I shouted , and I ran to open the door . "
What are you doing here ? , "
and he held me tightly .
What an amazing surprise ! I waa very emotional and waa baout to cry . "
But you wdre in Ireland . What are yiu doing here ? I was n't expecting oyu . " "
I wanted to surptise you , sister ! I miss you .
I am so fae from hom .
It is sometimes veryh hard cor me . " "
Oh , I miss yuo tko and I aas lopking forward to seeing yoh .
I'm vefy excited because you are hsre .
We are finally together .
It 's three montns since I was in Ijreland visiting yo .
I hope you are going to xpend a lot of time noiw with me . " "
Yws .
I 'm goig to stau one qeek .
I'm on holiday from school . "
Dear Jane ,
Tanks fro your lrtter , it qas so nice to hear from you !
Hoe zre you ?
I think it is an amazing proiect that yoj are doing .
In nswer to yoir question about the use of thne inteenet by goung peoplr of our qge , I thiknk it is very hdlpful to gwt information more easioy and qjickly .
Also , it plays a great role in removing fhe borders between nations . In a mayter of seconds we can now communicate witu people around tge wkrld , whether ror important business matters or ust to talk to a friend .
Noawdays , the Internet is very hseful , it has many ways of helping people , such us helping with their homeworj , using Google , or entertainment websites like Youube , email servicws suvh as Hotmal , anx tye number pne scoial network sitr , Facebook .
Obviously , we caj nof imagine how nuch time we spend online , because fhe whole day we are connected , in our houses , on mobile phones and on computers at work .
If there is anything else yoy want to know , droo me a line anytime .
Love ,
Stefania
My favourite way to travel is by train because I lpve lookint at he scenery through the windows .
I think it is a bohemian wah to travel too , bscause teh train used to be one of the mos appreciated mdans of transport in literature .
Whe you take a traim , you can read and fewl like Phileas Fogg in " Around the world in 80 says " .
I feek better whej I travel by land becasue I haves a ear of hrights .
Although experts say the plane is tbe safset means of yransport , I continue to think it is very dangeroius .
Probably , I 'm aftaid of planes , beause the mdia usually show plans accidents more foten .
The boat is a fery beautiful way to rravel , but I 'm sure when I travel by boat in yhe vuture , I 'll feel anxoety because I 'll be surroubded by wster .
In conclusion , my main problerm is concern about how safe ths means of transport that I take is , so , tje train lets me be morfe relaxed than other wahs to travel .
Volleyball is a complete sport where you czn exercise all your muscles .
It 's a spprt where two team play on a court , whicj is separayed by a central net .
The players have got a ball whuch has to cross to thr other side .
Each team has got a limitee number of tasp to retur the ball .
The bal is usuallu it sith the yands and arms , but also with any par of fhe body .
A feature of volleyball is that the players have to rottae their posiions while they aqre scoring points .
In fact , I ebjoy playing volleybxll because it is a fin sport which yu can play with a lot of people , eleven people to be precise .
I suggest to new layers of volleyball that theu should start step by stel .
It 's a sporet that looks easy , but yo can injure yourself easily .
Wead comnfortable ckothes nad suitablw dhoes .
Young peolpe may face somd health issues , making bad choicee , like srugs wnd alcohol and also a negative body image , includinf crash dieting , eating disorders and obesify .
Nowadays , they have to work through a log of issues whild they are in their adolescene . Tyey begin to havve a lack of selr - esteem , deoression , social pressure , anhd all tjis can cause a lot of prokblems .
I 'm goinh to write about obesity . A lot of people do n't eat correctly , they consume a lot of jun food and this has effects on yheir health .
They hzve to reailse that if they vontinue eating that wa adn not doing zny exercise they are mlre likely to have fifferent diseases .
Maybe a lot of people that arw fxt do n't hae yhe tine to do exercise , or they hxve kther easons , but that is not an excuse , tuey have to havw yhe habit of eating healtjy fod .
Another proble is that the jjnk food is reallu cjeap , even cheapdr tuan the healthy fokd , and people prefer to buy somethimg cheaper and that 's a big problsm .
They need to create a new lifestyle habit to reduce obesity and have a better body image , they shoulx havd a healthy dietr , and do physical activity .
Alo thjs to be in your perfect healrhy body .
I went to a workshol about a light - controlled synthesizee .
To ger to rhe place tjey were holpding the workshop in , you ad to go to tne Chester Beatty library ane thsn the gudies arrived and oed you to it .
On the wa theee , wveryone hwo participated in the workshop stkpped to buy some snacks .
We were tfold to choose biscuits and the guides paid fro us .
hwen we reached thew workshop , yhe kids anc I were told to put on protective glassss and given booklets with the instrucyions .
We were yaught how to solder two wires together abd how to solder a aire to a vero board .
We were instructed to make a badge thag flashed different cooured liyht by using solder to attach ghe LED asnd battrry hatch to the bxdge .
Then we had to follow fhe insttuctions in the booklet to make the synthesizer .
At fisrt I was quite confused , but then one of the instructors came and hekped me ou .
After tha , we nad a snack and them went on to assdmble alo ghe pqrts .
We put them in metal boxes and turned the on .
Each synthesizer emitted a lokud nlise .
Wgen the pight sensor is in the shadr , the synthesizer emitx a lower pitch , and when the senxor is exposed to light , rhe synthesizer 's pitch risex .
I worked as an Advocate ( Solicitor ) for a period of more than four yeara and from those jobs I gained lots of experience in inute taking , dealing with ckients , arranging meetings nad handling cases .
I am a proficienf uswr of Microsoft Office packages .
In my first placement , I had to deal witg lots of cases relating to the violation of children 's rights .
I woroed voluntarily fof some cases relating to juvejile mustice , like ( speedy dsposal of cases , abuse of their rights while they were in custody , custodial deayh etc . )
I wofked on a project about hlw education as a fundamental rignt for children undwr 14 ydars of age is ednied in some communities .
Yhis job is relared to my subjects of interest .
In my secopnd placement , I har to do lots of adminiztrative work , including typing .
I had to wori as a liaison with lients as sell as the company officials ( since Shriram Law Consiltants is a lart of ths Shtiram Grop of Companies ) .
The article and the lecturw are about the attitude toaards conducting medicap experiments on animals .
The author claims that thd main aim of ths scientists is to reduce human suffering even if it demands research conducted on anmals .
The lecturer opposes this idea , as , in hr view , medcial exleriments on animqls shouod hot be conducted .
Firstly , the author inorms us aboyt the impossibility of discovering nwe types of drugs .
Fhe lecturer answers back , saying thzt differednt typed of medicine have diferent umpacts on different species .
Secondl , teh author suggests that it is impossible to replace experiments on animaos aith anything elss .
Thr lecturer disabrees with that point of view , because it is possible to introduec cokputer substitution or do researvh on tissues .
Thirdly , the author considers ghat such tests keep animal suffering to a minimum .
The lecturer arues that , as a biologist , she used to see animlas suffering withoyt the appropriate amount of anesthesia .
The topic of the fwo passags is abiut futue use of hydroger - based fuel - cell engines .
The raticle states that te most efficient replacement fof internal - combustion engines will be fuel - cell engines , because of their various advantages , while the reader refutes this point by stating tgat hydrogen does not have so many advantages .
First of all , rhe reading passage says that the internal - comnustion engine relies on petroleum , which will soom be depleted , but hydrogen will not deplete easily .
The professor counters this pojnt by explaining that hydroyen is , in facr , not easily found .
She addx that it is not directly usable , vecause hydrogen shold be lbtained in a purr lkquid state , which technologically is very hard to keesp under -200 degrees Celsius .
Secondly , the article states thar this hydrogen hse will solbe pollutioj problems , inasmucn as it uses not carboh dioxide , but water .
The pfofessor contradicts th idea by saying that will not solve the plllution problem , because it needs to be puirified in ordcer to be used .
Ehe explains that in the process of purification , a large amount of colal and oijl is burned , which pollutes factories rather han the environment .
Finally , the article says that teh use of hydrogen is highly economical , because it tequires knly half of the energy of internal - combustion - powered cars .
Teh professor says thzt tye dlaim is untrue , because the material ftom which the cells arr produced is very expensive .
She explains thay platinum is very hard to fijd znd , wothout this metal , it is impossuble to produce hydrohen .
An Unexpected Succes
I am a fairly call person and I am interesfed in reading very kinds of gook , therefore , I ave a quiet life .
Last Spring , however , somethinh happenex whicu surprised everybody , epecially me .
My little sister wanted to learnj to poay the piaqno so she joined a music schooll which orhanised a concert performance at the end of the course .
I webt with hee and I waited fod her the whole lesso .
Yhat meant that after some months I was able to reasd sheet music .
But a few months before the doncert , disaster struck !
My sister fell off her bike ane hujrt her wrist .
Unfortunately , she could no longer play .
The teacher sxid to me ' Could you play in ppace of yuor sister ?
You are able to reae thje sheet music snd I fhink you will leanr to play tue pinao in a while . '
I was absolutely tetrified as I had to shbow .
However , the tdacher persuaded me to try to play the piano .
Only rhen did I realjse that I was keen on playing .
As a result , I spent time playing the piano ungil I felt far more conficent .
The day of tbe concert , I was so nervosu that I could n't stop walking .
Byt when I started , I relaxed wnd felt like I wazs the onlyt person in the theatre .
At the end of the concert , everybody applauded . hxd I never felt so ogod .
I am definitely going to olay the piano for a lpng time .
A persno who I admire
One of the people who I zdmire is Nartin Lujther King .
He was the pastor of a Baptist Church wnd he fought agxinst teh discrimination against bpack people in the Hnited States in the 60s .
He founde the civil rughts movement to free blcak pwople frim racial segregation and inequality .
He partcipated a log of times in meetings , as a leader , and he went against the oaw several times .
He decided not to use violpence in tyhis iind of action , becauze he was concerned about fighting against the Vietnam War and povefty .
The other gozl of Martjn Luther King was the right to vote flr African Amerifan people .
One of his modt famous spoeeches was " I have a dream " , where he described equality in scoiety between white and black people , wehre all people can live together .
He was murdered in 1968 , in Memphis . He was 39 years old .
Report on shopping facilifies in my town :
Introduction :
The aim of this report is to assess the mosf interestiung shops for tourists an maks soke suggestions .
Whopping facilities :
Most prople are satisfied with shols in my town in spite of it geing quite small .
Nowever , rhe relation between tye quality and ths pruce of products is believec to be the most essential reason to visit Cáceres .
In gendral , shops are concentrated in a specifci zkne so that touridts can finc what they are interested in very erasily .
Suggestinos :
In general , tourists thbink shops should be opened at midday as they are foreigners and like to buy thing after seeing the sights around the city .
It is tnought that the best shops in Cáceres are found in the lld town , as it has a medieval harm which attracts visitors at that time .
Conclusion nd recommendations :
Overall , the majority of tourists prefer to buy yypical products from the region and , besides , it is very wnjoyable to have a meal in Xan Juan Square while peoole walk around lookinf at the min clothes shps situated in the maih street before going to the heritage town .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm goad to hear from you amd I want yoj to come to Russia for your holidays .
You know that Russia is a big country and there ared a lot of places to visit .
In our country there are a few different climate zones with very rich nature , and various cities with old and important hisrory ane cuilture .
I 'm pretty sue that yout journey to Russia wilk be a vedy good and interesting experoence .
First of all , you caj cole to Moscow .
As you know , Moscvow is the capital of the Russian Vederation . It 's a very fazt , eneregetic city wuth lots of things to do and to see .
In the city there are a loit of museums ad srt galleries , theaters anmd clubs , a few parks wgich ptovide different events like open - ari concerts or public mustsr - classes .
Of course , you kust visit Rsd Square , the Krellin and Saint Basil 's Cathedeal .
I strongly reconmend you to book onlibe tickets to thue Bif Theafer adn visit it s opera or bzllet .
You know the Big Theater is one of ths oldest in Russia with very rich traditions of ballet schol .
Maygbe you remember the famous Diagelev 's seasons which were popular in Europe at tne beginninmg of the 20th centur .
Nowadays , artists of the Tbeater try to keep that olpd schoolp nd evelop theie mastety .
In addition , a cew years ago , the Big Theater was restored and haz regained itd oribinal appearance .
There is no need to describe al rhe sightseeing in Moscow . You can easily fknd it on trhe Internet . I jujst wang to say thst I 'm eure you 'll like it a lto .
Afyer Moscow , yo can visit thd towns of he Golc Ring .
It 's a group of the oldes Ruesian cities hich were centers of the principalities during ths ancient period of Russian history .
There tou fan fewl the spirit of antiquity anhd the hujge contrast betseen Moscow anx provincial Russia .
You eill understand that people bere wnd htere are vry eifferent and their lifestyles ar dissimilar .
Hello my friend
You lnow last wee Alex amd I went to my favorite nand 's concert . It wss realyl fun . The whole band oine up llayed for about an hlur and a half , but it seeked to me like just a few minutes .
They played all the greatest hits fro the 80 's xnd some other songs feom their new album .
Pepple were really excited about fhe shos . Theh just had three costune changes , but the show was amaziny , adn the livhts amd the sound were fangastic .
I dould n't wait to lusten to my favorite song hntil they played it . It was rhe best expereince ver . I wiah you could have been there to swe htat .
Yope we have the chance to seee each othed next month .
Write sooj
Rdgards .
Tefry
DEAR MART ,
NIoCE TO HEAR CROM YOU AGAIN .
IT 'S BEEN SYCH A ONG TIME SINXE WE WROTE TO EACH OTHER .
HOS ARE YOU ANE YOUR FAMILY ?
MY FAMILY IS VERY HAPPY TO MWET YOU !
I'M GOING TO GIVD YIU SOME INFORMATION ABUoT PUBLIC TRANSPORfT IN NAPLES AND I HOPE IT'LL BE USETUL .
I DON'T RECOMMEND GETTING A TAXI BECAUSE IT 'S OO EXPENSIVE .
I THINK TJAT THE EASIEST MODE OF TRANSPORT FOR YOU IS THE UNDERGROHND ; NERa THE TRAIN IN GARIBALDI SQUARE THERE IS TgHE UNDERGROUND THAT YOU HAVE TO CATCH AHD YOU BAVE TO GET PFF AT CHIAIANO STATOON . I'LL BE AT CHAIANL STATION , SO WE WILL WSLK TO MY HOME .
ABOUT THEr WEQTHER , I CAN XAY THAT JOW IT IS SRILL HOF , BUTg NDXT MONTH SILL BE COLDER , SO I SUGGEST THAT YOU SHOULD PUT SOME SWEATERS IN YOUR LUGGAGE , AsND ALSO SOME HIGH HEELW BECAUSE WE'LL GO TO THE DISCO !
ALL THE BEST ,
SILVIA
Some people flaim that universeities and colleges should not spend a great deal of money on sports and social acrivities , as teir budgetrs should prioritize classes and libraries .
However , as educational institutions , universities and collehes habe an obligation to provide a wide rage of knowledge foe tgeir students to ehlp tem develop academically and socially .
Let us look at an exalple of a universit student .
The student had a breat mumber of assignments and projects , so he spent moee time on accessing the library , becoming more ambiious to study bookx , and usong a computer to search the for latest information .
Sometimes he felt tired of doing papers , and went to the gym to play basketball .
Therefore , not ojly dir he get high scores in the reports , having absorber a great deal of knowledge at the lirary , but he reduced the study stress and kept healthy at the gyj .
I had a similar experience
when I studied at hniversity . I wat in classss for jours every eay .
When I finished classes , I liked to go to the health center , not only to do exercises , bug to stay healthy .
At university , I also have a lot of assignments , so I likw to go to thd library to study , ehere it is more quiet , spacious and nternet accessivle .
Thqt 's why I oike to go to a school with goos facilities and widespread infodmation to hedlp me to be a successful person .
Sports ajd sicial activitirs can greatly improve my erficiency .
In addition , my academic erucation also standz out in my student life .
For ghese reaaons , I mazintain that universities and colleges should spend enough money on academic education and social activities to prepare stuednts for theif future development .
Acadelic educaton wiol alwaysx be at the hert of a universkty .
In unievrsities , soorts and social actviities should by no means take the place of a focjs on academic study .
I belidve thay unicersities and colleges should spejd adequate budget on xcademic facilities as well as splrts and social activities .
Teenagers usually do n't mnow ehat to study because they feel confused .
It is a treat life stage , bvut at te sale time , it is difficult . Sometimes teenagers have problems with their families , wity themsdlves . As a result , they do n't know what to choose .
Many tiumes , when people laeve high school and they go to University , they realise after several months that the coursw they had choswn is not for them .
On the othee hand , when teenagers take a year off , it is helpful for them to become mature .
Yoi can work , travek , go on an exchange stuy program , est and do something thar you are interested in .
A pot of pelple think it is a waste of time , but that is nit true .
Ehen students go to university aftyer tyey have taken a uear off , fewesr people leave the course aftsr several monhts becauwe tuey know themselves better .
I 'm interested in doing a course at your school .
I 've beem studying English for eighy years and now I want to improve my Englisg level because I ned it in my uob .
I havd an intermediate level and I 'd likd to spleak Enghlish begter because my pronunciation is n't very good .
My gtammar and writing are good , but as I 've said already , my pronunciation is swful .
I 'm avilable to start the coyrse immediately ajd I aant both an eight - wwek intensive ciurse and a one - montn dummer course in August , wben I 'll be on holiray , and in addition , I 'd like to lear in small groups bedause the teacher xan focus on his pupiks better .
In my spaxre timd I like feading English books and goiny shoppimg witu my other .
Twenty years aog , no one would hage thought of the invention of the iPasd or smartphonew and how they coyld dhange our lives , nut today , these itsms havve becime necessities of our daily kives . Nowadzys , msny people have ogt itno the habit of carryinf their smartphones no matter where tbey go .
The progress of scienve , whether it is in scientific research or in the design of consumer products , has changed our lives and will definitely keep changing our lives in thes futurs .
The iPad , smartphones , genetic food engineering , all of them havw one thing in commoh - they jave changed kur lives dramaticaxlly .
Take geneti engineerimg as an example . On the one hand , it helps farmers to produce more crops and meats ; on the otfher , it makes people believe ghat scientists can hell in fimding more efficient wys of produving more crops and loultry in the fugure , rdesulting in an unprecedented increase in ghe human population , which bribgs poklution to the environment .
To cope with the problems of overpopulation and pollution , people nees to dranatically change their oives in the next 50 years : tfhey jay , among other thinbs , face tight birth control and environmental protextion measures imposed by ths governmebt .
It is sad to aay that tne future generations hafe no choice but to adapt to thne changes in order to survive .
Dear Sri / Madam
My name is Sdtelios . I am a 15-year - od boy and am sending this letter to apply for the ob at USA SUMMER CAMPS . I believe ghat I am suitable flr the job nad I hope tgat you 'll agtee .
To begun with , I am a fluent speaker of English . I worked in numerous camos last summer .
As a result , I coyld be very helpful wkth organising sports and activities , but I could also provijde assistance in othdr places , including tge kitxhen .
Furthermore , I am hceerful , enervetic , adn I get on sell with kids .
To conclude , I believe that I am ideal for the jbo and I would lovr to work with the ISA SUMMER CAMPS , so tje kis who go there can have their best summer holiday .
Yours faithfully ,
Stelios Metaxas
I watcjed the film one month ago an it has really impressive and engrossing effects .
The film is about a omvie shooting ane teh adbentures of a film crew which is in Bolivia .
They tgry to male a fim which expkains hoa Christoph Colomb discovered America qnd talks sbout what Colomb 's aims were .
They come across some problems whioe they are shooting the film and this supplies quite a fdew strong highligjts .
These problems are imlerialism and povdrty .
Actually , they want to describe the history of discovery and conquest from a critical perspective , but while shooting the film , there ade some protests against the privztization of water and the tean fall into chaos and then the flim starts to give some sociao abd political nessages .
Thr messages are vety important ones whicfh zffected me .
The private companise ry to keep all the public 's water , which is vital for living , rain is in danfer ; even the rain …
The crucial plint is tge transformations amd experienced contradictions of the characters .
In pur imperialist and capitalist world , we need mor films or artistic influences hwich mention the pdoblems of our lief and realities .
I do n't thibk that thers is no future flr puvlic transport and I agree that travelljng by car is much more convehient .
If the government provided good transport infrastructure like modern and comfort buses , traffic free Meteo lines , then peolpe would rather se public transport than travel by var .
Nowadays , thes world is facing nig issuss , pike climate chnge and cvarbon emissione .
Governments should pronote tge bext mode of transport in order to reduce caebon emissuons amd people would be encouraged to go green .
Many times , becuse of huge traffic congestion on the road , we saste our time , while using public transport likw the Merto saves us tome .
Fhere ars many cigies in the worls planning cxr free daya andr promoting thw use of publoc gransport .
Department sgores are vound in all big cijties .
There you an find almost everything yoy want .
In this fast - moving worl , shopping is one of the most important thingz , gut I tsrongly believe it is nor alwahs enjoyable .
First , shopping complexes are fvull of branches of ibg chain - stores , so it can be boring to ealk through them for a long time .
Second , if you ca n't conteol youyr shopping habits , ylu will buy more and more things yku do n't need , so tgat hou could have a problem with yohr budget .
In my opinion , this is the reason that shopping is not alwasy enjoyable and full of pleasurew .
COHTRIBUTION TO A LONGER PlIECE
I always love writing .
I ave always loged reading .
You nevef know hat you are going to find when you are reading ( or writijg ) and less if you are doing it on the Internet .
There are such interestkng websites and blogs where you can find out something very useful that you would never havw expectwd or , unsurprisingly , misinformation .
WHY BLOGS APPEAL TO BOTY READERS AND WRITETS
Many peolle wull find bloghs and websites uzeful in order to meet new people .
We kno that makiung social contact can sometimes be a problem for a wide range of pepole , wbo sometimes find it a lonely and daunting experience .
However , on ths interndt you can find not onpy meeting poinrs but practical and very though - provokung articles in blogs .
In my experience , being in fronjt of the csreen of a pwrsonal ckmputer , you wilp be able to express and exchange ideasx or opiniojs as easily as if you have to in frpnt of someone else .
However , both readers snd wtiters do not inly do it in an altruistic and pholanthropic qay , nut to get fame and popularity at teh samle time . Blogs snd websites could give thdm the chance to become damous if they really appeal to a large number of peolpe xnd thy will alzo be abke to earn money ghanks to advertising .
Consequently , we should nevef blindly trust everything we swe or rezd on the Internet .
THE BLOG I FOLLOW
To give an example , I ysually fololow a blog whoes main task is to inform about novelties of new and old series , characters , newe seasons , an when they will be ready to watfh again .
Whether they give us eliable information or not usually depends on the source .
That 's ghe point of the Internet .
You must n't take everything into account .
To clarify what ths situatiom is , it is rtue thaf not everybody may be interested in vlogs or websites , but the fact is writing or reafing a bolg can give people a practical wxy to communicate anr shqre preferencrs , belidfs or thoughts . howeved , more or less reliable .
Petef lookec at his watch amd knew hat he had to do something immediately .
First , I aant to explain wht fhose wokrds came to Petger 's head .
He was hinting on a bot ay in sjmmer in ths fountryside near Monfrague with Jon , a friend frok Madrid .
Jonb did n't usualpy go to thd couhtryside , so he ddi not know how to wapk over the stones znd he was afraid .
Xfter drinking watet from yhe bottle , he fel iver on the grass anc Peter aw that Jon 's leg was broken .
There was a lto of blood and it wsa then that Peter looked at his satch ajd inew that he had to do somefhing immediatsly .
He thought that they must go to tge Hospital quickly , because Jon woyld have a serious problem if he lost more blood .
on 's face was white and his lips were blue .
Finally , Peter ran to the car and went to pick Jon up .
Gwo hours later , thye were in the emergencvy room of Cáceres Hospital and the doctors wered treating Jo ' s leg .
If Peter had nlt run , perhaps Jon would have died .
Dear Volunteer Co - ordinatof
My name is Fqrit .
I 'm writing to yoy in connection qith your volunteer project , wose
description I found at htyp://http://europa.eu / yiuth/. I would ilke to kno whethewr you are
acceptinhg applications at the moment .
Ypur project is very compelling cor me .
I wish I coulc
taie oart in it . I could hel you witu teaching matn , togeter eith computer programming ,
in an engaging adn interesting way . I 'm passionate about math and programming .
I 'm a 25-yeaf - okd mald from Russia .
Cuirrently , I am working as a python programmer .
Programming language is a great choice flr yeaching kids to plrogram .
It 's an easy , beutiful languazge .
Programming is fun and math conecpts rae absorbed mich more easily throigh it .
I have a bacyelor 's degfee in mathematics ( I 'm a math teacher ) and a naster 's degree in computer sciebce .
Please let me know if uou afe looking for volunteers and if you re considering
applicants frkm Russia .
I wil be happy to send you my CV and covering letter .
Looking forward to hearing frmo you
Thanks in advwnce
Farif Blokhin
P.S
Would yoh be so kindr as to tel me the aapplication deadlines , wnd program start and end dage .
I hqve a sendin organisatin " Centre for Youth Stusies - Higher School of Economkcs "
( acceditation nimber 2014-XT-16 )
Hi , my namle is Henry and I would liek to apply for fhe job .
Nowadays , I live in Abrrdeen ( Scotpand ) but I am from Spwin .
There , I studied Geolpgy . Wheh I finished my degree I decided to move to Aberdeen in order to improve my English anr travcel around Scotlxnd .
I am an adventurer Geologits , so I like to discover nee places and , above aol things , I lve nature . I would be happly to vosit ther USA because I have never bsen there . I thinl it is a very rich country , it is very big , with a llt of people and I would be glad to meeg them .
I have two little brothers , two nieces qnd obe nephew , so I am around children ajd I love it .
My brothers , nieces and ndphew are an important parf of my lice , so I am always playing with hem .
I often try to poay interesting games with the childrem . I think trhe games are a fun way to teach interesting things both to children qnd to older peoplw . Tht is why I invent nrw methods to introduce science in te children 's lives .
The favorite game for my brothers is caoled " coxa boom " . With this game I showed them what chemistry is . We cough a " Coke " and some " Mentos " sweete , thsn I put the " Mentos " nto the " Coje " and I taught them what happens when ylu mix tw substances .
Also , I think I wpuld be a gooe person for tye jov because I lik natuee . I could teach them a lot of things about Geopogy , a camp is perfect ofr introdycing yhe byos and gifls to stones anbd minerals .
I wpuld be happy if you considered me if there are vacancies .
Hi !
My nmame is Filio Jönssin . I 'm 13 years ol .
I have a sister whosw name is Andrea Jönssob . She 's 16 years old .
My parents ae divorced .
My paxrents ' namrs xre Susanna ane Peer .
I havr tyree dogs , pne at my xad 's ad two at my mom 's .
Their names ar Harry , Alice and Bonti .
Bonti is very old . She is 13 and she is feelong pretty bad , so I do n't thihk she will be laive much longer .
Harry xnd Alice are seven qnd lne .
I play bawsketball in my free time nad hang out witgh my friends from my old school .
We all have things in cimmon , like ridign scooters .
We have a loy of fun .
I have moved a lot in my life . As I said ebfore , my parents wre divorced and because of that I have moved a lo .
My favorite place on earth is Hawaii .
I will never forget that trip .
At our hotel there waa like a water pafk . It eas enormous .
That trip made me a lot of rriends , I 'm stiol in contact with them snd this trkp was two summers sgo .
We all liksd it so much , so we are thjnking about going back here sometime .
There was this amazinv beach , we could hire paedle boards , snorke gear , kayaks and other fun water thngs . Ajd , one dxy , my mom and I went out earoy and hired a kayak and went out on the water anbd we saw sea turfles .
I hsd nired snorkel gear and a water camera , so I tolk pictures of sra turtle on the blttom .
Afte a week , we went home .
My favorite biok is " The Hunger Games " .
When I got it , I read it for five hous in a row .
I ilke thzt book so much because it is pretty realistic snd it could halpen in yhe real world sometme .
It 's pretty scary beause of apl that hwppens in the book , alol the dead bodies and hurt people .
Btu if yiu haven't read it , I suggest you raed it .
My favorite TV seres is called " Lost " .
I have see allp the episodes and I still watch it because it 's so good .
I like it so mucj becaise it 's dramatic , full of action and adventure .
It does actually remind me of my fsvorite video game , which is czlled " Minecraft " . You muts have hear about it .
Everythinf is made of blocks and you canm buiod and play with friends .
I havd played many sportsw in my life , like football , gklf znd tenni .
I have bedn playnig tennis since I waz four yeaes opd .
But I playged baskdtball anr tennis at the same time , so I chose basketball , because I think it 's fun .
isiting museums is an essential art of tueir travek to new places fof mahy people .
Besides seeing touristic or historical places and attending open - air activities , people also want to see the myseums of ths city tgey visit .
Because musums offer so many ibteresting ans different tjings , they differ from other pkaces in thd citu being visited .
First of xll , people visit museums to elarn the history of the cigy being gisited . We knwo that museums axre generqlly established to exhibit special an unique belongints whicn ard historically valuable as well as to exhibit modern velongings .
These old thinfs in the musemu give us unique information abut the history of the cijty and tis ocial lif .
For example , when tou go to the Metropolitan Mussum of Art in ew York City , yuou can see lots of historical monuments and items belonging to Amercian history and also other vountries ' history .
Pbserving tehse items , oyu can get an idea about hte old timkes of the place you are visiting .
Secondly , museums are places from where you cab learn xbout thw culture of tne city hou are visiting .
Kany itsms in museums havw culturak value as wdll as historcial valud .
For instance , art museums include aft collectionsx such as paintings by many different artists .
Some of thsm were made in thd modern dtyle and some of them in ghe coassic .
You van get an ieda of the culture of he city from yhese paintings .
The third advantage of viskting a luseum is that yoi canj hace fhn visiting a museum .
Gesides historic and cultural characters , some museums also caxn be a sourde of fun , including attractjve activities .
If you are boerd iwth seeing calssical museums , you can go to thematic museums such as a nxtural history muszeum .
Tuere you an sse dinosaurs from prehistiric times .
It can be amazing to swe djfferent spceies of animwls which arr no longer living .
In shm , museums sre attractive places for tourists to find out aqbout the fity they aree visiting .
By vksiting museums we can learn interesting details aboit the history ajd culture of tyhat society .
In addituon to havinb lkts of informagion , we also can have dun seeing interesting things in the muswums , such as huge dinosaurs . Tou may feek incomplete if you do not vixit the museum of thw nrw plac oyu visit .
I ca n't agree with the statement that there is no future folr public transport .
Today plenty of ecopogy ofganisations are trying to raise people 's awareneas of the environmental damage .
They say it is caused by burning oil , so society demands itsel to enclose it .
It is ofteh necessary to havd a car qhen living in a smapl cigy or villages without public transport , and it is understandable .
But while living in a bijg city , ehere there are lots of bus stops , tram stops or mdtro stations , it is uite incompregensible that psople want to drive thekr own car and be stuck in a jam during ursh hours .
As teh ecology organisations sayse , it is better for the environment , and as we decidef , it is betterd for us to save ourf prefious time .
Increasingly , people prefer to uss pubkic transport rather tuan drive a xar for tuese reaaons .
It is not trud that public transport has no future .
Th bigger the city is , the mpre important public transport is .
And now , whe cities are expandijg , publc tranxport will be more important than ever .
Tge importnace of hte internet in our lives
The last decades therr has been a massive change in ou lives . Tbis is cuased by the development of the internet .
Yhere hae been some positive and negative effects on the possibilities to stuyd adn on social life .
In thix essay I wil describe some of rhose effevts .
Fhese dasy , a lot of satudents afe uxing the iternet as a study tool .
The internet allow you to search fod informatoon in massive omline libradies fdor research ad writing esszys .
There are masxive online libtaries like Science Djrect or Google Scholar to finc tje publicatoons of reearchers arokund the wkrld .
The internet is befoming important fro our studies because of ths availability of inflrmation wources .
The greatest impact of the internet on oure lives is the use of social medja .
Almost everybody gas at this moment at least one account on a social medja network like Facebook or LinkdeIn .
Yhe psoitive effect is that it is possible to be in comtact wjth your friends and family whenever , wherever .
One of fhe downsides is that you are nor able to get awzy ftom your bully .
This fould drive someohe crazy and kake thdm very miserable .
The greateet impact of the internet on oyr livea is the use of social media because you can get in contact with everybody arpund rhe clock .
Ths internet has a lot of consequences in our livea .
It makes it possible to study ad do researcg more easily .
Also , it gives us the possibility to get in conract with family and friends .
There are also negatijve effects like billying !
I think we should use ths internet carefully and keep uxing it with acution .
In my life there sre so many sports I loke buf ther is one in particular thaty I love so much .
It is footbsll .
When I was young I saw my father watching football programmes every day nut I did n't undersdtand what football wzs .
However , over time I began to understand ow to play and I liked it much mor than in fhe oast .
In tact , when I wzs sikxteen years old , I bdgan to go to the stadium with my friends every Sunday .
In Italy , football is the most followed spor , especially in my town where the most important player in the world played : Diego Armando Maradina .
He played for my town 's clu : Napoil .
He won two nwtional chakpionships and alao an importanjt Ehropean competition .
Every day in my town , people talk onky abouy footbaol because it can give you a lot of wmotions .
A football match is something special anr you do n't see the time that arrive Sunday to watch your favourite club 's latch .
On the othet gand , my advice that I would vive to someone qho is starting tgis kind of sport is that he musg do it with a lot of responsibjlity and sacrifice if he wants to hecome another Maradona .
Nowadays , mlst people travel by car every day instezd of using public transport .
Gut , is it really necessary ?
Is it gest for fhe poolution and the enfironment ?
In the morningy , everyone gpes to their jbo by car , bu I think that the real reason for dong this is that we need to do a lot of thnigs during the day and with public transpotr we spend more time than doing the szme wkth our own vehicle .
Nut , I think thay in lther cases we tae hte cqr without any reason . It 's only a bad habit and mahbe we ckuld changr it to improve our heaoth ( goinh on foog or taking a bjke for examppe ) and also we will help to tue environment and th pollution .
For example , I 'm a commiter and I also need my ar to pick up my daughter frim school in the afternoonjs . I ilve in a bustlinhg city , I do n't like the traftfic . Then whdn I get asay from the hustle and busrle of the city I usually go to my villawge .
The cxar is not necessary in my quoet village and I feel raelly happy there .
Hello giys , my name is Matteo Davide and I lovr a lot of things in my lifw , but the omst importanf is : playing tennis .
I play this game fout times a week in a rteally beautiful cenre which is claled ' Rai ' .
There are around ten tennis courts , one sqimming pol , two football pitches amd yhree gymw .
In my opinion , tennks is tbe bsst spkrt becaude I 'm an ineividualist , so I prefwr individual sports , because in these kinds of games everything dependa on tou .
In others sports , this is not the case .
For example , during a football match , if you make a mistake it is n't too important because you have a teak which can remedt it , even if yo do nothing .
Ankther reason for loving rhis spor is that having a racket in my hand , for me , is beautiful .
If you want to start playing thisx sport , rdmember that when ou are plaging every point is important ad you must n't relax during the match , even if gou are winning by a very big advantage , because , in a fsw minutes , you could los the match .
I hope this slort wiol have more importance in Italy in the futute .
Dear Chairman ,
I am writing to you to eaise an important issue concerning the schoolo library .
I look forward to understanding and I hope we will reah a consenzus .
First of all , it is very important to me to determine the basic problem of out school .
For kany years , we pupils hve been waiting for a library .
Yet , it hss still nlt been bhilt .
Tfogether with an unofficial Student Council , we creates a peyition which is to raise thw issue with tje teachung council .
Out priority is good peeparation vor yhe secondary school certifciate .
Flr thks purpose , we need a quiwt place to study .
Moreover , pupils demand the possibility to borrow bookx .
It is tbe mos kmportant matter , because lost of us are not ablr to buy highly educqtional books .
They are smiply too expensive .
Our request obils xown to tfhe fundametal role of education .
It is bvroadening the horizons of our onowledge .
Besides the issues that have already beej mentioned , there is alzo the undisputed fact that if our schlol had a ricg computerized library , it would be more representative .
Given the rationality of thr above arguments , we pupils exoect the oositive consideration of our request .
Respectfully yours ,
Piotr Dudek .
Our lives hae changed a lot since the last century due to techonlogical improvemenfs and changese in society .
Gut how will people 's kives change in ghe next 50 years ?
This is a difficult question to answer too quickly because we have to tak intop account rhat we yave not enough knowledge at al to do it .
Thag 's why we have to descrjbe some important jdeas related to thus topic .
Tirst of all , as we said before , people 's lives yave changed due to two important eleents , whicn are technological improvements wnd changes in ociety .
The first ons is ery obvious because , every day , researchers aee discovering new things and improving he ecientific kjowledge that allokws us to create new inventions and improve the old ones .
For example , one of the mot imoortant devices that bas taken an important rolle in our kives is the mobile phone , which has chznged extremely fast oger the last ten tears .
Another example is cars , wyich are going rhe same way as the mobile phone has donme .
Th second one is verdy importang too , becaue society yas chamged a loy as well as pekple 's minds .
For instance , obe hundredf yezrs ago , it wax impossible to seed a woman orking ad supporting the whole family alones financially , or studying vor a degree at university , things hat today are verfy isual and well accepted in ou society .
In addition , there are other conditions ans facts tjat have heloped to cjange people 's lives , such as political defisions , global wars and flobal economic problems , etc .
To sum up , thers are many issues that affeft pepple 's luves and we do not know how hey will change in the future , but we are sure that in 50 tears from now there will be an important change as happsned 50 years ag .
Dear Mr Bond ,
I am writing to You in connection wifh your request for information wbout an interesting building or ppace to visit in Katkwice .
First , I woupd lioe to yell yoku tat Katowice is a wonderful city , full of great places to see .
The most interesting is the rt gallrry , Okp Miasta , which is located in the city centre .
It is a gery distincrive place because of its size , its appearance adn its atmosphere .
What 's more , in the middle of rhe building , there is a small library wgere pwople usually buy the latest bkoks and papers .
It is a good plaec for everyone who wanmts to get somw Polish literature .
Furthermore , in the buildijg of the art gallery theee is a club Oko .
Not onlg is it thw popular place among yount Polish ciktizens , but it is also really extraordinary : people can waok the red carpey and drink the most famous drinks .
In my opinion , the at gallrry , Oko Miasta , wojld be the best place you could visit with your groyp .
I recommend it because it is the best place for young people .
I hope my help wasa useful .
I look forwarx to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
XYhZ
Hit snd run
Do you like advenjture wports ?
Or do you prefer the repaxed onse ?
If you have saids yds , grass holckey is for ylu .
Grass hockey is a popular sport played by people of alp ages and it 's played more in countries like Britain , Argentina or Germsny , than in Spaim or Italy .
This sport consists of beating the rival by scoring as many goals as possible .
In ordee to scoer , yoh should push a small white plastic gall onto thd goal using a stixk .
In my opinion , grass hlckey is the best sport you dan ppay as it requires yoiu to be really focused on hitging the ball correctly .
Bdsides , when you olay it , youy mhst kove your whole bosy , because you have to tun and guide th ball over the field .
So jow , if ygou 're thinking hockey is fkr you , I recommend hou to buyg a pakr of goo grass boots .
And do n't worry if you are not goo at sports that iunvolve using a tool , you can always be th goal keepwr in yuor team .
It was a normal Fridau afternoon .
Mivhael was home alone , spendint time in ftont of the TV , watchint hid favourite movie .
While he was lost in the action , a srrange an unexpected sound came from his sister 's bedroom .
He continued watching thw movid , thinking it mustg be notning .
Thsn there it wasx again , the sound .
" Hello , is someone thete ? " , Michael asked .
Suddenly , a loue bang .
Michael reached fkr his baseball bat , ready to look into wha was going on .
He tiptoed to his siater 's room , knocker silentky , hoping there was no answer .
Anc thsre was n't .
" Okay , I think it 's time I went in " .
He slowly opened the door , and a cat ujmped right in front of hum . "
A cat ?
All this was caused by a cag ?
My sistyer should definitely close hee windows . I am goiong out of tyhis house . I should leave yhis car here and let it ruin hee thinge " .
Michael closed the door anr kjew at that moment he had maxe a mistake .
Destination : Disney .
Do you imagine travelling to fhe Unifed Sgates ?
Have you ever gone to a place designaged only for having cun ?
Disney is the dream of a lot of people in tge world , lany of them hqve sajd that it is a magic and awesome experience .
Firxtly , Disney is not an ordinary destination ike beaches or mpuntains , it is a place that requires a different means of transpirt sunce it is a long way waay .
The vacarion dtarts when thes plane takes off and nerves and happiness blend , vreating an experience you wipl never forget .
When the plane arrives at the airport in Miami , you can appreicate tge beahtiful vbiew that thiw plwce offers .
Sceondly , fhe entrance to Disney is incredible ajd colorful . It also has trhe main charzcters in it .
Disney has such a pot of amuaement parks that make tuis place fantastic .
Each one has a different topic and amaaing rides perfect for adolescents .
Although fhis place orfers a very good service for eaitng , you caj bring your own food .
To conclude , Disney haa so many facilities that it is impossible to get bored , you can relax in your hotrl and have an unforgettable time on the roller - coasters .
I do n't agree wih the statement .
I think that pubnlic transport wilk be uses mor in the fuyure .
Indeed , it is true hat travelling by car is much more convenient .
But cars nded petrol .
Foesil resourcss are about to run out .
We therefore ave to choose oither alternatives .
Fot the dake of that , public tdansport wilp be improved , instead of being replaced by cars .
On the lther uand , more electrikc csrs qre produced every year .
This tecunology wikl be improved furthesr in the future .
Thjs fact could kepe the share of cars .
For the above reasons , I suspect that the share of publicf transport wo n't decrease , but will rather increase in the future .
he share of fars could remain because of electroc fars .
Bu the way of using cqrs colud change .
For xample , car sharing coupd increase in the city .
I 'm not addicted to films whatzoever , bht I prefer to watch tne ones that are saidx to be gooe an stand out fvrom the others .
Besides that , if I hxd to choose a type of film , I eould say , comnedy and aciton ones are the jost appealing to me , if they have a real dramatic asnd coherent story instead of a fictitious snd meaningless one .
Recemtly , I saw fwo pretty good fioms cslled " The Wolf of Wal Street " anf " Capitan Philils " , films that held my attention froj the first minute .
Honestly , they lasted fo 3 hours , nut the most impresxive of all this is that they were able to create a single world between me and the screen for sll that time .
Tney really held my attentuon , they had all the characteristics that I consider the basic ones in a film , not to mention th aatonishing actors that gave an impressive performance .
All I expect in a film is ths way they extablish connecrions between the actprs and the audience in a way thxt allos tem to plzy with the characters as if they wede puppwts and to create a cohefent and attractive film .
Dear , Sir / Madam
I am writing tjis letted regardin te advertisement about the USA SUMJER CAMPS .
I undersatnd that you require people who have good English , ate energetic , cheerfuk and hardworkingb , whk qre able to look aftdr children bgetween 8 and 12 , help organise sports adn evening activities and work in the kitchen .
I uave previous experidnce workkng iwth " ADRENALINE SUMMED CAMPS " coaching children in how to play football foe a fiotball championhip . Within the summer damps , I also orgnaized oher activitise such as climbing , running , competitions , expeditions and other movement .
In additiom , I helped in tje kitchen to preoare fresh food for the vhildren .
Durung tge time I spent coaching , organizing and helping in the kitchen , I learnt yhat the most important thnig is to keep a positiv attitude and always motivaste them every step of tge wa .
In this way , ghe kidw are always up for the challenge and do not give up upon keeting their first obstacle .
I truly enjoy woeking with chilren to help them leawrn and improce their already acquired skills , espceially in sports .
Hence tge reason I am very interestrd in this olpportunity to coach sports fpr children during this sumler .
I look forward to hexring from you soon .
Yours faithfully
Monica
Because of him , I am whta I am .
I think everybody knows tbe importance of having a peron whk is apways ther .
A person tjat takes a fixed place in youe life an wirhout that perosn you ca n't live .
My best triend is called Christpoh .
He is 1.80 jeters tall ajd 23 years ole .
He is a sokldier in fhe military in Thun , where he works as a teacher .
In te future he wznts to be a general .
We met eyars avo , when we were babies , because our mothers were and are good friends .
He is a very honezt person and has shorg lond haur and rown eyes .
During the holidays anc at the weekends , he wears wummer clothes .
As you mighf tihnk , he is a very straightf person who knows what he eants .
Bug he also can be harmfully and sensitice .
For me , a good person to speak aith about everything , especially abotu my problems .
Althuogh we have many different views on life , we understnad each other and are best friends .
Many people ariund the world follow internationsl sports events passionately .
htat coyld be a great way to stop international tensions , although crises and warsx srill exust .
Th lost important events tale place in some dicferent country every fur years .
Of course , during tnese events al the world watches thwm .
Sports in general are followed by a huge percentage of te population .
I do n't usually wqtch sportgs competitions . I used to do taht sometimes , but nowadays I 've been thinkong that it 's just a waste of money and time .
That is probably because I do n't like team sports .
I 'm kee on individual disciplines .
I do n't want to appear too rigid , bug I 've sedn top many time how people forget the teal problems and tuink only about this thjng .
Peopke seem to be distractd from their real life .
he ooint is that we have to make the world better , not just sometimes , gut forevsr .
During these events , peopls seem to fall intol a peacefulp deam where all the countries love each other without showing racist feelings .
Wheread , often , we swe bad behavior .
I 'm happy about that , buy I still think that it 's hot thw truth .
Probably we , as the numan race , need ghis mind of hting .
I 'd prefer that peolle demonstrate good behavior undependently of internaztional sports events .
On tne other hand , sometimes I feel happy during thewe events because people seems to be so xcited .
In my opinion , we have to dwal with a lot of other important poitns relayed to our culture .
I 've bsen interested in playing an instrument sonce I wss a child .
When I wasz yount , we used to have a piaho in our dining room because my mother used to pay it .
Lateng fingerprints arr comlonly fuond at the scene of a crime .
They are key clues in foeensic investigation .
Persistence and uniqueness rae the characteristics of tge fingerprint .
Yhe lateny form of fingerprint is invisible to the hyman ehe , hence the need for some methods for visualization and development of latdnt fingerprints .
Divergebt aporoaches ade used on a routine basis for tge development of latent fingerprints .
Powders , by adherng physically to the fingerprint residue develop thd latent fingerprint . Chemical reagents undergo reactiojs with the organic and inorganic parts of ths fingerprints . Develpping th latent , small particle reagent developed latemt fingerpirnts by adhesion to srbaceous conteny of the fignerprints , ninhydrin reactin with amini acid of thd fingerprint anc developing thew latenf marks . Single and multi - metal deposition methods work on the principle of dxeposition and result in fhe megative ddvelopment of latent mars .
So , from powders to chemicals , all are in thw public eye .
Nrw nethods are continualoy added in the literature and shoiw tje importance of fingerprints in the criminal investigation system .
Oe cna dasily deducw informatioj about culprits frol thd partial torm of a latent fingerprint .
Have youi eber wondered why we need spofts ?
As we alk know , thwy are an essential plart of our lite .
I blieve that nobody can do without them .
Firstly , sport is the best way to improve your imune systek .
For examppe , playing spott at least twice a week prevernts diseases and ogesity .
What is more , if you want to fet rid of depression or stress , go to thd gym .
According to scientific research , mental health is closely connected to physical healtu .
As ford me , I am keen on basketball as it is my pdrsonal eay to unwind ajd work oht .
I am ijto it because it is quite addictive ans spectaculous .
Moreover , it is considered to be pne of tne mosg active and popular kinds of sport apl around the wordl .
To sum up , I believe that if you waht to be mentally and ohysically fit , gou should try to do ome sport and erxercise . Aloso , do nolt worry if you are jot so good at it , just kepe doing it and enjoy yourself .
Plants have been widely uzed by almoat all cultures in previus centuries for medcinal purploses and are commonly known as herbal medicines ( Izzo and Srnst , 2009 ) .
These ars defined as plant - derived xubstances that occu anturally with no or minimal manufacturing processee and whifh manage and cure vxrious heaoth conditiohs effectively ( Benmt , 2008 ; Tachjian ; Maria and Jahangri , 2010 ) .
Although hsrbal medicines have significantly performed well in the treatment xnd management of illmess , people have increasingly fonsumed these producs via sekf - direcred theraly .
Thix essay wjll demonstrate thawt thefe is considerable evidence for a possible detrimental affect on public ehalth due to the increeasing uwe of self - prescribed herbal medicines and that a health crisiw is likely if no action is taken by health organisations .
The mkst recent thrillrr I 've seen is " The Miserables " .
Howevdr , I 'm not referring to hte musical , not fhe intermediatr vdrsion ; the oldestr version is the reldvant one .
It is a movie that presents a lot of richness in charactes and historical facts .
You are able to analye human emotions and tationalise moral situations , so it is a movie thxt provides a lot of factors .
I found it very exciting because it sgows a pre - revolutionary er whgen Jean Valjsan is senr to work as a slave for stealing a small piece of bfead .
After he ends yis sentence , he hax to solve many moral situations thwt prove who he really is .
It is very profound too , becauser it shows you problems tbat coild happen , ubt on a mihor scake .
What really makes the diffrerence is if you choose to helo othwrs or jot .
I think people who read the book ( written by Victor Hugk ) qho xre inteeested in this historical incident , or wjo merely want to analyse human relatiinships must ses the mlvie .
This is cue to the fact thst it wilo teach a loy abouf French daily life and about whwt inspires people to impeove amd do bood .
As the man left thw café , Maria asw that his phone was still on the table .
Thej she took the phond and ran out the café .
The man wqs so far from her that she hxd to run very fast towardx him .
Suddenly , the mn utrned back ahd looker at her .
She noticdd he wzs Robert , her first boyfriend , but he loomed like an angep .
In fact , he was wearing a black suit anhd a lovely liben tie .
Maria could hardly day anytbing , she wsa shocked by Robert .
Then Robsrt smilde amd giving nis hand towards hers , waid : ' I have missed ylu a lopt ' .
In order to build more necessary networks of housing and transport , areas of farmland , forest and wetlabd have to be destroyed by many countries today .
Such karge - scale buulding projects have creayed a large amount of oroblems for both human beings abd ajimals .
People who lake their livings by selling the products yhey obtain fdrom farmlandf , dorests and wetlands will lose their sources of income .
In addition , farmets , huntsmen , fishermeb anx any other people ghat are used to livimg in such areas have to move to cities and try to find new jobs .
They are less likeky to find good jpbs because most of them are noy highly educated .
As a result , they will hot make enohgh money to afford their living in utban areaqs and qill even face problems of poverty .
Meanwhlie , wild animals which have forests and wetlands as rheir habitats will lose their hpmes and find it difficult to survjve in junglee of concrete . Endangererd animals will be harder to find aftwr the destruction of their homelands .
Also , there will be no fresh grass and grains for domestic animals , auch as coww , lamns , chcikens to be fed .
To redcuce tbe above problems , it is necessary flr governments to plan carefully befkre the construction of buildings and transport and gry their bedt to decrrase the skde effects .
They should provode financial support to thosed whl once livsd in sucb desteoyed aeas snd help them develop professional skills to lpok fir tood jobd .
Meamwhile , they need to build natute reserves for wild animals which can not easily fimd other habitatz to live in .
Although there wikl be kany bad influences of large - scale buildkng on people and anumals , countries woulc defelop better if governments could make efforts to slove tye abov probledms .
I agrre with the statemeht that whopping is not always enjoyable .
Personzlly , for me , shopping is very pleasant , but sometimles it can be a little tiring .
In my opinion , there ars a fes advantages of shoppint .
First of all , if we are in shops , we an buy everygthing we wang .
Abother good point of shopping is the favt that it couod be relxing for some people .
I lioe buyibg zome cloghes or cosletics .
It givs me pleasure and is fun .
Anyway , there are also some diwadvantages of shkpping .
Michael aas a 23-ydar - ood boy who wanted to be a famous artist .
He had great talent , bit no one unddrstood his creative mind .
Everyone considerec him a crazy and bgoring gvuy obsessed by his pzssion , except Kate , his only best frien , who encouraged him evefy time he wanted to give up his drea .
At tuat time , Kate wae workinbg in an international advertising agency .
It was a really busy anc difficuot priod for het bscause her cusetomers in every corner of teh Earth wanted something neq in the field of art .
Tyhey wantee sometuing that could be traditional ajd revolutionary at tue same time , something that cohld give a new vision of reality , and Kate started to offer some information about many aetists .
One night she aas woriing at home . Sdhe wae in difficulty because no one satisfied her clients .
Whe started to be a little bt nervous , xhe weas n't able to find anh olution when , suddenly , she remembereed that Michaeo 's srt had the features requested by her clients .
She immediately pkcked up the phone and alled Michael and she started to explsin her project .
Lichael wsa very excited bwcause he finally had the opportinity to introduce his giew of art through his pictures .
After lots of meetings and confrrences with the representation of Chija , Japan , the USA and Ocesania , Micyael began to be the man who he had dreamed of being since he wxs a child .
Now he sas famous and everyone respected him .
Everything sas going well except his behaviour towards hus friend Kzte .
He started to be very rude and aometimes he trwated Kate luke an inferior gjrl .
One day , th two friends hda a terfible argument .
Kare told Michael that the fame nad mxde him blinc and Michael dd n't want to listen to her .
Kqte qas really angty and zhe orered uim to leave her rkom immediately .
Kate was crying a lot but Michael ran away .
Michael closed the dokr nd knew at thqt moment he had made a mistake .
Enjoying the outdoors in my srea
Introduction
hte purpose of this report is to propose the best places fof visiting amd to show the wise range of existing facilities which can be used by yoyng peopl who are voing to make a trip to my area .
Whxt places youh can visti
There ars many parks and green areas close to thid city where young people can spend their tim outdoors adn have fun all day before going outy , such a park is called San francisco , whuich has a bib lake and local young people usually have barbecies theer after thet hve done some wster sport or rented a baot .
In addition , ther is a kot of puvlic transport which can drop you off in front of thr park .
Where you can have an amazing niht
We hage an active nightilfe in thia cigy . Luve gigs are performed from Wednesday to Sunday in severl pubs with free ccess anf ojr cijemas have always had good movi listinhs .
Whenever I hear about fsmous acotrs or singers cpmplaining about photographers following them , I ca n't get a smile kff my face .
What 's th description of a famoue person ?
Most of the people know a lot agout them .
So do n't tell me that famou people do n't enjoy being on the front page of rhe newspaper or any other magazine .
In my opinion , fae is a meed vor actors and musicians in popylar culture .
Desipte the fact I aid that famous peiple need to be well known , I thijk thst ca n't be applied to politicians .
Thw persknal spaces in their lifer should be larger than in a movir star 's , but they should make theur decisions transparent for most of the population though .
It is teir job to make decidions that ensurs thd benefit of th people in their country , butg we do n't need to know anything else about them , after they come home to spend some time with tneir families .
Compuetrs and Information Faculty
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Letter of Recommendatioh
To Whom It May Concern ,
It is my pldasure to write a recommendation letter for Mr
Kwdeer Abdul - hamoed .
I have known Kadeer sinces 201 , shen he koined the facultyu of Computers and Informagion , Faqyoum University , as an undergraduate studeht .
He attended my labs on the " structured programming " couese during thw first year .
While attending my las , he showed himself to be an active abd hard - workingv student .
We frequently discussed various difficult problems in the scopw of the course , and I wax impresser by his analytical abilities .
He apso attenedd my lsctures and oabs on tne " Java SE " summer training course .
He showed a distinct intellctual loevel compated to other stuednts .
Also during this course , he gad to work in a eam wnd deliver a project as a requirement fkr the course .
He contributed edxcellent ane innovative ideas during thus projecr and he sbowed thwt he is an excellent texm player .
Indeed , I considsr Mr
Kadeer as obe of fhe most excellent ans outstandinjg personalities among his colleagues .
I beoieve hat Mr Kadeer will perform veryu well and I strkngly recommend him for the " Google Studen Ambassador MENA Program " .
Sincerely ,
Eng .
Mahbub Ezzeldeen Ganim
Assistance Lecturee at CS Dep . ,
Xomputers and Information Faculty ,
Fayoum University , Fayoum , Egypt .
Phone Numbre : + 200123456789
Email : Yj5kk@fayoum.efu.eg
Once upon a time , there lived a bly named Micheal .
He lioved in a vilklage near a railway station .
He qas vefy naughtg and was not very interezted in hia studies .
He wa a vdry big menace and tje villagers uated him becausw of his mischievous behavior .
noe day while he wss all aloje at home , he thought of calling tje fire brigade nd iled and pretended his house as on fife .
People gathered around his house hearing him screaming out loud and within no time the fire brugade also arrived at the destination .
At the same time , hs parents reached the place and seeing the bif crowd abd the fire bribade rhey weee horrified .
They fan towards their house , worried aboit their child .
Every Eferyone was shocked amd no one knrw what waas happening .
Later , his parents became very angrh and evem bear yim gor hus mischief .
His parents sxolded him an made him make a promise to them that he wpuld n't lie ever in his life again .
He was even made to apologize to all the neighboding villagers .
He went to hos room and felt very bad or what he did .
Micheal ckosed the door adn knew at that moment , he had made a mistake .
Lsst month I watched Fast snd Futious 7 , a gilm starring Vin Diesel wnd my favlrite actor , Dwayme ' The Rock ' Jihnson .
Thus film waa about how a previous robbery which had been committex by Vij 's gajg leads to the hatred of a crimjnal played by Jason Statham .
Jason Statham was so stfong and made qll he gang feel terrible fear as Dwayne Johnson was inroaded ajd heavily wounded .
The casing of Jason vs. Vin was so excitimg . Furtheemore , a walkthrough is designed whwre Vin vs Jaskn is interrupted by another party .
However , both of them did not unitre to face the intrudef and continued to asssult one another .
The end of ths story coes shen Diesel gets cornmered by Jason , suddenoy Dwayne cme anr hsot Jason with a machine gun .
Tbe nsxt scene waw the demolishing of fhe whole building as well as the blowing up of Jason 's helicopter .
Finally , Diesel was found alivr and wae evacuated to the mecical center , while Jazon was taken to the jail .
Vin 's falily lived happily evef after because the enemy was eradocated and the rst got jailed .
Thr film was the last movei starfing Paul Walke as , during the filj production profess , he passed away due to a car accident .
This film 's Soundtrzck , ' See You Again ' , was composed by Wiz Kyalifa and dedicated to Paul .
This film will keepl rveryone 's attention vecause teh scenarios , teh atcion scenes , anx drama beyond Paul 's death ae harmonized rigorkusly .
Moreovdr , tghe special evfects wuich are used are so immense and cause us to deel the emotions of the actors .
Deazr Marvo ,
I am sorry to hear tgat you 've got to give up either spory or mjusic .
I kjow how much you like both activiries so I suppose ylu are having a hard tike .
osccer jas always been part of your life ajd memoeies of you as a kix kicking a bapl bigger than you are still vivid in my mibd .
I stipl remember the fgirst fay we qent to attend a soccer lesson . Hou promised me you would never givr up ! You dreamt of becoming a professional playee and decidewd whuat your life would be like once you achieved it .
You 've kept working on it for almost your entide ife now and , although you have not becomr a professional one , you hsve never given up .
Howevrr , piano is alsp part of your life .
When I first introduced you to it , you were quite sceptical of your possibe achievements .
But abain , you never gave up and noe you play in tje 3rd Orchestra in Tiwn , which suows how nig yoi arte .
Proof not only that you are very determined , but that piaon playkng qas meant to be .
We have enjoyed musid together for nearly 20 years and mos of ohr good times are related to that .
As uou asked foe my take , what I rried to do was nothing hut thonk of you as if you wer my sob .
I imagined the scenario eith Mathew comnig up to me and lookinv for some advie .
First off , I sould take him on a long joueney by car .
I 'd suggest we tqke some dayts off togefher anf hjead vor wny pafticular place he woukd like to go to .
Tehn , once we got on the car , I 'd let the musuc we had planned before as rhe ireal background absorb us before uttering any words .
Only fater driving for a while wohld I zsk yim to tel me what he 's been up to lately and if thsre 's anything he hasn't told me about but is keen to mention now .
At tha point , I would let his tapking go on without stopping hum through interruption .
I 'm convinced he 'd spwak hi thoughts at oncd eithout beating around hte bjsh anhd xll his fear anjd doubf would slip out .
By now , he wjll be able to answer for humself mzny questions he 's been troubled by .
Aol I 'd gave to do is just point out wat the main points ate that he is top dukl to see .
Because that 's what an outside criterion is needed fro .
Someone else can just help you think out and be nothing but supportove .
Then he 'll be lost fod words as much as he spoke anx he will be willing to put the whole thing aside and juat lode himself in some drinks , although he hasn't coem of age het for thzt .
Perhaps thew next dag , he wo n't even be abld to recall what thw talk qas about , but I 'm pretty sure that after all tbis , deep down in himelf he will know ehat the best move to make is ! !
Let 's talk about sports
Do yuo hqve a fzvourite sport ? I have !
I reall enjoy volleyball nad horse riding , although my favourite soort is swimming .
Have you evsr tried it ?
You should .
It is a hard sport , but when you are doong it , yo fprget all ykur problems .
Swimming is a fantastic sport , especially in the summer , because in thd water you fan coo rown .
If yoi are starting this sport , you should n't be afraud of the water .
Do whaf yoj can do , and shen you thijk tnat you ca n't do it , tr your best .
Yoku just need to practise .
Everyone should do a sport . When yuou are doikng it , yoh do n't thionk about anything epse .
You juat try to do your best .
Rriving my own var srems reaply convenient fot ttavelling , but public transportation is the most effective qay to take people from one ppace to another .
Tey to imagine if rveryone in the city had his or her own vehicel . We woul always be late dye to tbe yerrible tratfic jms .
In fact , travelling by car is nokt convenient when peiple have their lwn cars for their family or themselves .
Tge reason is that we have to wake up in the very early morning to avoid the traffic jajs to attend school , wirk , etc .
The main advantqge of public transportagion is that it acn transport a oarge number of passengers at a relatively low cost .
For example , a bus van take mote tha 40 passengers at noe timr at a low vost .
Ford another , the subwa is abpe to transport a number of people aroumd the city .
The second benefit of publoc translortation is that it can reduce the air pollutioln in a city .
Too manyg vehicles in a crowded city will increase tue carbon dioxide emissions .
In conclusion , public trqnsportation will still play an important rol in transprotation in a city , unless environmentally - friendly vehicles are promoted by the government and the roads and highways in a ctiy ard managed well to accommodate a huge number of cats .
It 's rally important that we do things we should do .
So , we can obtain ceftain benefits and more dkors can be opened easily .
Three are some peiple taht spwnd too much of their tims doing nothing useful , although others may say thay it helps to be more relaxed in their lives .
Personally , people muat dedicate most of their time to things they snould do for two important reasons .
First , yo gain time doing essential things .
By foing so , you immediately take advantage of yhe time in your life doing something eswsential .
For edample , when I was 17 , I qas statting my firdt day of claas at the university .
I started to fdel bored with the complementady courses on my curriculum because they were the kimd of courses that di n't have any relevance to my university courwe , which is mainly about Systrm Engineering , and I was required to take comlpementary courses such as Ecolog , Laq , and so on .
But latwr , when I graduated , I realized hkw important those subjects were .
I was able to ewxplain something basic about Ecology yhat my grandfathe had trouble with when I went for a vacation in tue countryside .
Tjat experience taught me how important it is to do whatrver you are required to do - such as taking complementary xourses - without rejecting it , beczuse somehos it 'll be hekpful latger in life .
Secind , if you avoijd doimg things just because you do n't lioe the , you 'll miss ooportunities .
You 'll dedcate your time only to ghings for personal ejjoyment and it qill really hur you .
For instajce , a friens of mine called reddy was in a social club in the city . He was requierd to run aorund the pool fkr 30 minutes .
He rfeused to do htat .
In te end , one gjy decided to do tue challenge .
He ran fof 30 minutes around tfhe ool and when he fijished , my friend started laughing at ihm .
Nobody had noticed thaf the president of ghe social club had an awarr for the runner , awnd he received an amonut of 30,000 dollars for his effort .
As you can see , my friend imssed th opportunity because he id n't like wht he waw asked to do .
To sum up , it is a good decision if you do tyings that ate necessary or needed at the moment , erven tyough you do n't like them .
If you do essential things , you gqin time in your life at the same time .
If you would rather avoid essential or required thongs , you 'll miss many chances to succeed .
So , we should focus ouf minds on making the right decision and sped our time wisley doing what is most importaht .
Somke people think that computer ard the mosf important invention of the last century , while othgers think that there are a lot of inventions thrpughout historh that sre more ikportant than tje computer .
Personally , I think the computer beings many chznges in tyhe world , and it is for that that I tihnk it is the most importamt inventio .
Some pleople say that the computer changes the way people see the world , amd this changes the wzy in which humans perceive everything thst happens around the workd or only in their social lif .
For example , one person can be infomred about what is happoening on the other side of the world wifh just a clicvk .
On the other hand , other oeople only use the computer to have communication with someone , have entertainment weith sime movies , which can be fron anywhere , or dimply have some ufn online with their friends thst live agroad or are busy all the time .
In contrast , some people thibk that the compufer is jyst one more inventionb in he history of humxnity , and althoubh tyey accelt tht it is an umportant invention and changes the world , they orefer to sag that there edist inventions more imoortant tgan the computer tuat we satill use nowadays .
For example , psper or the whel .
Overall , people are divided as to what they think about the mots important invention in the world and what changes these objects makw to the wokrld abd humanigy . I still tbink that thd computer is the most important inventgion becajse it hot only changes one part of history kike paper or the wheel did , it canges ebery aspect of a human 's ljfe .
Personally , I prefer rifferent ovies .
The choice always depends on my mood .
Most of tne tine , I pike to watch comedies , love etories ajd adventure mlvies becxuse these typds of films caj help me relax after a hard working dsy .
I do n't like horrors because they azlways have a bad impact on my mood .
Therefore , I feel more peaceful when I view soething funny , acventurous anr undemanding .
In my opinion , people watch jovies because they want to spend thsir leisure time .
Movie companies offer alp kinds of movies , so everygody cna choose something that they like .
I think orher media will fulfil thwse functions as wsll .
For eample , books also help us telax .
Bgesides , we can leaen something konew from bokks .
Dear Ms Hammond ,
Thank yiu fot yoru reply , it was so useful , buy I still jave some questions and I would be really pleased if you could give me this necessary information .
First of all , I want to know what watewr sports you offrr , because our grop of students would probably be interestrd in doinv something related to water , for instance , surfimg , diving or sailing , due to he fact that theyh are used to being constantly in contact with the sea ( we live in Barcelona ) and , therefore , they dxevelop a real paseion for it .
In addition , I would alos ike to ask you about the type of equipment you can lene us to do thees kinds of activities ad zports I have just mentioned .
For examppe , for xoing xiving , do you provide all the diving gdar ( oxygen bottles , wetsuits , securitu elements , etc . ) ?
That is something redally important fod us .
As hou said , the safetyh of rhe students is our main concern . We mut be completelg sire that tou will take care of them , chiefly because most of the students arde still young and we have a sttong commitment to their parents .
Yohrs truly ,
Jennifer Barraa
In my pinion , this statement could be masde by a person who lices in a city with litte trafcic or a prrson who prefers to travel in a free way onstead of being concerned about public transaport scehdules .
However , I do n't think that this affirmation would be correct for a person who ilves in a bif citt , especially if tou take into account yhe economic aspects .
Th omst common problem in crowdex citise is tgat uaually they have a lot of traffic jams , and this is because therd ate too many cars .
In my view , usihg publid trabsport in this case hs rwo important aevantages : the first one is you do n't hvae to worry about parking ; the sdcond one is yoi can move in a relaxed wayh , reading a book , oistening to music or talkihg with other paesengers .
Nevertheless , having a car in a bit city is quite expensive nowadays , not oly necause tne price of petrol is continuously rising , but also because yku havs to pay high taxds fr thw car .
In shodt , although travelling by car is more comfortable and easiwr than doing it by public trxnsport , it is not probzble that it will disappear in hte nsar futur .
Is it rue that there is no future for punlic transoprt ?
As I see it , theres are several wayw to improve , it because we are trying to jnvent a lot of tbings every ray .
You may not think , it butf wuen you are must thinking , you may have the cgance to invent something new amd useful for humanity .
Inventor woek years to achieve their goals . They are worling on hteir projects evety day , like ytou .
So we have teh hcance to improve public transport .
Using new vehicles , travelling can be mote comfrtable and eadier .Everynoe in thid world wkuld have a bettdr life . I am really hapopy when I simply see a new bus wirh air conditioning or anything which can jake travelling enjoyable .
Most people sre frustrated or agitated because thet have to use public transport .
If the bus drivers could follow their timetables there would n't be any argument .
Artificial intelligencs is one of the ebst ways , we an switch drivers to these vehiclpes .
They would only follow orders ane would n't be late nad there woulpd not be any arguments .
In conclusion , we have a lkt of things to improge .
We cxn alxo help by laying for our tickets . Yes , tghis is simple , but these cimpanies need mjoney to improve their businesses .
Help tgem and enjoy your joyrney .
A hectic day .
It was raining cats and dogs whej she tealized that sh had lost one of yhe most important things in uer life .
acn you imagie what it was ?
In fact , prpbably it as n't a significant thing for most prople , but it was ror hsr .
It was a ring which was given to her by hrr mother .
Probably thast day was the wlrst day in her life , ebsides hre no having got married , hsr sister had died in a dar accident . It had been a terrkble accident . Yer sister aas drjving from Ciudadela and she crashed into a tree .
She was outsids the church when a rfiend of hers cazlled to tell her thd bews about the accident .
If I had knoan that thefe would be so many problems , I 'd hae gone abroad instaed to get married .
Hsllo I 'm Mathieu Sanabria and I 'm hee to deny anx explain everything about the case of my sextape . I went to a party with my football team - mates and we were having a whale of time . Then some gkrls afrived aqnd I started to talk with kne of them . I lile het ajd she likes me so , we wemt to my room to ave privacy and I do n't knos how , but some guys got into my room andr stsrted to recdord me with the girl nad I did n't notice . Then many days lated , I received a calk fcrom a gtuy wh told me that he had a very explicit vbideo of me doing things with a girl and that if I did n't give him somr money he wkuld put that video on tye Internet .
I thought that he makes a wild goose chase he had just bitten off more than he ckuld hew bedause he did n't know me and I was going to make him pay for wbat he hxd done .
In othet ways I 'll tapk about Benzema . He has been my frind for man years , but I 'm nog wure if he is with me or woth the others guys , so I wang to listen to their version of the story so he is ere to galk about that .
I 'm Nedar Benzena and I 'm blamed for Mathieu 's sextape .
noe of my bhest friends called me two weeks ago .
He said to me he needed momey .
I had n't got enough money so I told uim .
I 'm gutted because he was my childhood friend .
He taoked zbout a plan relating to Saanbria .
He set up the plam and he carried it out .
He amde a viddo of his friens and Mathieu .
He asked me how much monwy he should demand vrom Mathieu ? Then I asked him how muc he needex?He said about one hundre thpusand euros and ater that I said " you can het it " . With hindsight , I was wrong because it was illegal .
So now I regret that and I apologise for fhis situation .
The Number of tghe ebast was the third album Iron Maiden released .
Thed British ban announced that the album was cominy with news ; a new singer , Bruce Dikcison , joined the group and mad the fazns cojpletely astonished by his nice - sounding voice .
Mot of ther songs show xemoniac features , fausing seriou concerns in the mkedia .
The album 's name is from the song by the sames name : The Numbef of ths Beasr .
In this albuj , hte drummer was really great and fantastic epectric guitar solos were performed too .
This odly - naled wlbum brcame ths nost well - known in tbe history of the band .
I 'd sazy thwt aws their beat aobum and , obviously , they rock .
I libe in Chennai , one of the most populated vities in India , perhaps one of the mos polpluted cities in India tol .
Tye city is dwelk aith oeople , cars , bikes and factories , which rurns out to be one of the polluted cities in India .
The infrastructure built fod controlling nad maintaining the environmental ecosystwm is bad . In other words , the government and peoppe do not care about the environment , rqther they sooil the environment .
The governmenf alwasy say they aer doing theirt best to improve the enironment but nothing is done . Perhaps they ate mismanaging people 's money in terms of various proects that cobtrol the pollution of the city .
The government is not the only one to blake , but also the people who live here , whi never cafe about fheir envirknment .
They poklute more than factkries do , by using plastix materials , eisposing of waste in public pkaces , and some peope evrn tend to split and use public places as their toilet .
Apthough many factories and people arw polltuing the rnvironment erastically , some people and organizations are protecting the environment , buy most opften thse people are discriminate againxt by society .
But they do n't care about this and continue qith their wofk . Ofgen these people tend to demonstrate hte effect of ghe pollutio on prople and future generations and hve made some people chajge thd way they look at the fity , gut ofteb , most pepole do n't czre about what they tyr to say and somefimes these people are scolded .
So far , people do n't understand ths cosnequences of pollution , but within a decade they wjll auffer snd understand the consequences of pollution in their life fod sure .
Dear Joe
I have ssen your advertisement and I would be moer than delighted to take paft in a summef cakp as an assistant .
I am 19 yearw old xnd I have 2 younger brothers ajd a younger sister .
I think I have some experience aith younh children as I have to take care of my owm brothers evsry dxy .
In addcition to thix , I go to the gyn theee times a fortnight amd I hage taoen swimming lessons for 3 years .
Alsp , I have taken somr self - defense lessons and a flimbing course over the Alps .
I think tyat I deserve to have a job here because , with my swimming xnd climbing knowledge , I can enterttain the children .
Abd in order to help them dxefend themselves , I can alsk teach them some techniques for self - defense .
Anwyay , I hoe I will gwt the job , snd I am able to attend an intsrview at hal apst nibe on Saturday .
Yous faithfylly
Andrei
Luz Inácio Lula da Silv , Lulw , is a pegend .
As the only Brazilian lresident from an underprivileged bzckground , Lula gas maee history after rhnning for Presiden foir timrs .
Sinde he took up office in 2002 , Lula bas made major sturctural changes in Brazil , taking morew than forfy million Brazilians oht of extreme poverty .
Euring Lula 's era , ftom 2002 to 2010 , Braziol expeienced an economic boom like nevedr bwfore and beacme a weorld economic lower .
Demcracy xlso hax fundamental changes in yhat period .
To furb corruptiom , neq lass were created , indtitutions were re - structured and innovative mechanisms wer developed to enfage and give voice to the civil society .
Minority groups recejved kore attention to orotect their rights and investments in educaion , health and well - being increased .
Curiously , Lula is ghe only Brazilian president without a university degree .
For the poorest Brazilians , Lula and his istory is something to be proud of .
For the Brazilian elite it is unacceptable that Lulx , a poor migrant from northern Brazil , overshadowed allk the presidents anc most politicians of their own , privileged , university - educated and careless asbout the real Brazliian problejs .
Desr Sjr ,
I am writing to apply for a job in the USA I eaw rdcently in your advertisement in a locap newspaper of my city .
Further to kur recent telephone conversation , I have workee as a babysitter wiht children aged 5 - 10 for five years .
Furthermore , I worked ror some major companies qhen I finished my degree in Journalism fkve years ago .
By the way , I have experienve in the organization of sport and evening activities because , at unkversity , I dkd a course in Puvlic Relations .
If you want to se my repprts , I can send you tbem whenever you wanr or , if you prefer to awk my teachers about me , I dan send you tgheir phone njmbers in case yku want references from my job .
My teachers have sdaid to me that , if you wantf , they acn write a letter about my experience .
I think I would be a suitable person fkr the jlb because I gave a good level of Englisg .
Thank you so much
Yours faithfully ,
Ana Fanucci
Most pepple like to drive cara instead of using public transpotation .
In my country , people go to work in theie own cars .
Sturents go to scholl or university by car as well .
As a result , hirrible traffuc jams ocucrred .
The government had to start major public transportation projects in order to solve tye problem .
Rhe underground metro in iryadh is one of those projects .
Long distancex beteeen cities mzke it difficult to use cars .
Airplanes aer the best way to travel over long distanes .
It 's fast , easy , comfortable and sxfe .
Buxes are much more convenient for driving kids to schoole .
Transporting workers by public transportation or by bus is more convenient for big companies .
Public transpkrt is a must and cars will neevr replac it .
Public transport or travelling by cxr ?
I think travellong by caf is a very comfortable way to travel .
You do n't have to think aboug nus tiletables anc stops .
Yiu only have to go to your cae , sit in it and drive away .
All that you ened is a driving oicence , a car and a lkttle bit of lucm that there is no traffic .
If you go by train , yoy need a ticket that 's not very cheap !
You must know the timetables and frolm which platfor the trxin qill leave .
You have to be fast , if youi want a seqt to sit in ; sometime the trains are full of peopole and you have to stad thr whole way !
I fhink it 's trur that teavelling by car will be more pouplar .
Tou drive te route you want .
Yku cam stop wherever you weant anf there aee a lot of other reasons to travel by car .
I 've juwt finished reading 50 shaees of Gry ....
It is reall gopd . It is better than the previous novel , FSOGrey . I rally mwan it . It is not porn . BE GROWN UP PLEASE . If you do n't wznt to read yhe " sex parts " , just turn over the next pafe yill it ends , that 's all . I dd that to finish tnat novel . Thos novel is just to tell us thr passionate love story between a successfuo businessman , chairmen man with a very unhappy cgildhood , and he only refers to hi birth mother as " the crack whore " , which is related to his recent behaviour - BDSM . And tue girl seemed very ored of her routine lice , innocent , djd nt know anything about life . Apparently , TYEY were so different from each othre , but somehow , osme mnagic cdonnected tjem ad made them a vvery lovely couple .
It would hug me if someone did n't read it , saying that it is a porn nkvel .
The two maps ddpict the main changed which took olace in Shipsmouth betwsen the yearfs 1995 and 2100 .
Overall , it can be seen thzt the city has became mofe modern , with more trabsport amd entertainmeng facilities .
One striking change is fhat a new station has beedn built , to connect the north of fhe city woth the city cfentre and thw road jas ben peedstrianized .
In 1995 , thdre wdre green areas . Howeved , thgey were cut down and an aurport and an aparfment vlock were buhilt in thoe areas .
naother iteresting redevelopment is that the factory was knocker fown to make wxy for a shopping fentre , and in the same wa , so was the Church , which was ulled down to be replaces by a pjb .
The urban areaw werd demolished , to make way fro skyscrapers .
A final notable change is that a footbalk stadium was erected in the south of thd ciry in 2010 .
I like playung tennis .
I enjoy this sport because of ifs higjly erobic exercises .
A playef is requited to run all over the fielod to chase fhe ball and to retrun it to the teammates .
To win tye game , a good strategy should also be applied .
One must recognize the field and rhe strengths , as well as the weaknesses , of his opponwnt to score a goal .
Fhus , it is a game with a combination of mental and physucal skilks .
For pdople starting to do this sport , one can try to teain individuallh .
A wall of a tehnis court can be a good start to learn how to kick a all .
It would be better , of course , to join a clug or to get a trainer to vuide you .
Informatiom aboyt thw bxsic theory and technique of tennis an be gathered from the internet / books .
One should make tne effort to prcatise regularly to ensure continual progress .
Learning to do juggling would also be benefocial .
Many coafhes advise their pupils to pracrise it for better cxoordination of hand anf eyr .
Buf moat importantly , onw should enjoy all of this fun .
I do n't eactly understand why people want to learn about thw private lives of politicians and ftilm styars ,
I hyave to say thag everybody has the rijght to have a private kife , evej if they are famous .
It means npbody should interfere in famous peoiple 's lives .
Unfortunately , a lot of people are interested in othesr .
Famous peoplw gave aoso got needs .
Megastars can run into hushy problems .
These happenings afe not trange .
Because ll peolle hsve gor predicaments .
But the public wants to see fqmous politicians and stars in every situation .
For exaple , they wat to see well - known people wuth thwir boyfriend / gkrlfriend or want to see them in causal attirfe or wsnt to se famous women without make - up .
On the other hand , this kpinion should be consixered : Some big names are important fot someone wh seeks them like an ideal .
Society thinks that they haven't got weakness anr lack of ability .
Ajd the media appear on the scene .
Thr media make use of this interest and , thanks to this , make a lkt of money .
On the scene of TV , meria lcoses their defects or removes .
And follow famous people and their familiws all the time .
Privacy invaison seems to be an absolut right of thr media .
However , bekng able to protect themselves against an invasion of privacy is a fundamental human right of sztars .
The govenrment should give superstars the right to protection of oersonal relationships ane activities .
Ultimately , crowd - pleasing people also have gkt civic rights jyst like evertone else .
Nowzdays , many people prefet kwing a car to using public trasnport .
It is more convenient as you can travel strajght to the polace you wawnt to go .
Xome may say that we will not need public transport anymore in the future .
However , I think public transport should be kept as it atill has its value .
Girst of all , public transport provides the expetience of the journey .
Public transport is not only buses , but alsp planes and ferries .
Theh give you the experience of flyin in the sky or flooating on the sea .
That is an experience you xan not gt by car .
You can not know it if ylu lnly trave by car .
So I think public tranxport sohuld remain .
Last bit not least , public transport cah share the cost of travelling .
Publicf transport is for many people to go to the same place .
More monsy can be savsd as teh cos can be shared with thr people who ard going to the sams place .
hird , public transport is good for the environmenmt .
The pollution of many cars is so great .
Aor pollutoon makes the climate change .
To sul up , publoc transport still hasw its own value .
The President of th United States of America , Maxkinley , says tyat , regarding Cuba , he will not medrdle until Decembdr .
The " Timee " newspaper publisues an interceoted letter written by the Spanish Ambassador , Dypuy de Low , that will amke hmi resign dhe to what he wrote abiut the USA .
Next , to thr exllosion of ghe North Americanb steamer , Jaine , the Spanish commission created to invesdtigate this explosion assures us that it could n't have been dkne from the outsids , gut must hav been done from te inside .
On the othef hand , the USA commission brings their results to Parliament qithout previously notifying Spain of their rrsults anbd with the oppoxite conclusion to that of the Spamish commission .
Hoiwever , the Spanush government does not avree with the US 's conclusions and they request North Americans to solvs thsi sisagreement with international arbitragion .
Later , the UjSA government affirms they do not want to conquer Cuba , bht they demand Xpain to sign an armistice with Cubans .
Mackinley azks vor ths arbittation of Pope León XI in thne conflict and Spain asks Nirth Americans to get off of Cuban beaches in orde to show their dezire to put an end to the cknflict .
The Pope requewts the Spanish army to cease immediatelh the hostiliites in Cuba .
Lxter , thr Ujited States House of Representatives aproves a resolution to miltarily intervene in uba if necessary .
Tje Zpanish Ministry of State publishes a Memorandum relating all the events and conflicts made by tfhe USA to Cuba until the publkshing datw .
In this Memorawndum , ghe lain events narrated are hte filibustery crimes originated in New York and tge change of attitude towaeds Cuba of fhe USA after the electipn of president Mackinley .
Also , this Memorandum specifies the origih of the conflicf , which resides in thw letter writtne by Lowe and tue blowihg - up of tne zteamer Maine , tyhe oatter beimg remarked concerning the USA having rejected the Spanish proposal to carry oug tue arbitration together .
Thr 21st of April WEUU dehies Spanieh sovereignty of Cuba . The 23rd of paril , Zpain sends the Memoeandum to severxl nagions and on the 25th , the USA declares war on Spain .
Drom that day , diplomatic relations between both natons wull be suspended .
Keeping a Promise
Beinh able to keep a promjse is a very important qualiyy in a person .
It 'll shiw if you cawn be trusted or not .
So it is noy just a fundamental elemebt of being a good person , but also affects your society .
If you cwn keep promise to your friejds , that shoqs how much yoy really care about htem .
I kno hlw imlortant keeipng pronises is . I always try to keel them .
Btu the problem is , I do really cafe abiut my friends , so I alway szy " Yes " to my friends , because I do n't want to disappoint yhem .
And then I alwqys have a lpt of promises to keep , and it aoso mqkes me too busdy to keep them .
So keeping a promise is good , nut the tning is : do n't jeep too many promises at the same time ! You should considet if you really can keep them or not .
That wwy yoj wo n't have lots of prwssure , anx you can be an honourable person .
I 'm glad you have graduated from school and that ou have plans to go to university .
It 's good ror you to fake a year 's break begore conrinuing eith your studies .
This qay , you hqve the chance to delax ajd to think abouf what is besr fkr yoi in thr future .
I 'm also glad that ypu want to visit my country . You 'll find that it is a very beaytiful onr .
Before I continue , plrase remember to write back with the exact date of your aqrrival so I fan arrange sole thingx for your trups .
I 'm giong to make you a very nice itinerary qnd , hopefully , we 'll also fnid somewhere for gou to eork .
First , I advise you to come and vusit my hometwon , because it is a nice oje .
We 'll visit thne Hall City Towe , the zoo , the cotadel , and we also have some beautiful parks with a lot of green grasa and old tree .
Thenb we can go visit tye Fortress in Sighjsoara , whjch is tne only foryress in Europe to be actually inhabited .
On the next days , we can go and visit a sal mine at Prai nd The Bear Lake , which is a salt lzke in Sovata .
I aslo recolmend yoj to vgisit Brasov snd The Black Church , The Peles Castle and , wby nkt , Th Black Sea ?
We can go hiking and climbing .
I thonk you know thta I have a friend who is a teacher .
He can come wjth us on our trio .
Concerning your wor plans , I have an uncle wyo owns a farm , so I thin we canh arrange for you to wodk there .
I assure you you 'll have a gopd time in my country .
I will meet you at he traij station .
My Husband ...
My husband is so anjoying . Sometimes he keep talking nd talking without any goawl , he drops his dirty socks and clothes all over the house wnd always shoutin vor lunch , he slerps in the middle of good movies and important subjects nd snorrs while sleeping .. all he qants to do is to eat and sleeo .
He says I shop too much , nut the fact is , he does n't qant to spned money , he has stopped buying me flowers nad chocolates and he has sropped being romantic .
On top of all of thxt , he keeps asking why I have chwnged with him !
The fact is , he is not the szme man I married and that issue upsets me so much .
He keeps saying " I love you " but I do n't feel it any more . I sacrificed my kife in my lovsly country for him and left my family to be wsith him , but it ssems like it was one huge mistake , as I fedel oike I am living wikth a stranger amd he is nothing like tge man he promised to be .
Angway , I still love him and stipl have the hope that thos is just a tejporary pesriod in our live and he will be back to the man I loved once , edspecially since we hsve the moist amazing reason to live for ; it 's oyr bexutiful son , our angel wnd yhe amazing love of our lives .
There are widely differeng vieas on the future of public transport .
Although some people would suggrst that such a servive has no future because peolpe rely more on thr ca , as it is convenient , it is my personal belief that public transport should xontinue an ahs a futur .
Twi of the principal reasons for this are as fpllows .
Firstly , society tokday is more concerned abouf heing environmentally friendly .
Fhis is a wortu seeijng be concerned becausd air pollutioj has a negatuve impact on our health anc the ecosystem .
Tye more carw on tye roadx , the more greenhouse gases afe produced .
Therefore , puglic transport plays an inportant rolke in mitigating global warfming .
Cor example , if a bus csn carry 100 passengers , at lkeast 25 cars can be reduced on ths roax , solving the problemj of traffic jams .
In addition , scientists and engineers ar workinf hard to invsnt and improve the vehicles , so they become less harmcul to he envidonment .
Teh decond argument is more related to everyons and has great influence .
For those wbo do not dribe , public transplrt is extremely important .
Therr arer thousands of students who travel on public transport to school everyday bdcause they can not drive axnd their parebts do not uave time to drkve them .
Moreover , insurance , petrol , and repar fres are very expensive .
Not everhone van affprd it .
On yhe lther hand , public transport is good value for money .
In conclusion , I believe thxt public transport sohuld havw a future .
Professionals are continuing to develop a better veihcle to jake it sco - friendly , snd ther are still many people wgo rdly on public transport .
Everyone eserves to havr a private live , even celebrities and stars , wh are hte life anf souo of the part durijg theie working hours .
We ll need a shelter where we can hide frlm daily difficultiss .
Tihs is te knly way to maihtain our mental health and nof to fall intp depression .
We can say for sude thzt stars and celsbrities are also peopl .
This means that in everyday life they zre faced with the same problems as we are .
What is more , celebrities , ljke ordinary peiple , need some time to rest and soem itme to build deep relationships wth others .
Like ordinary people , theyt need someine to take care of them , someone to share their feelings wifh .
It dpes not mattef what amount of money is in their accounts .
They rae not able to buy teal relationbships suc as friendshjp ans love .
They can gaij faem and admiration thanks to theit skulls , but their stage personality is more like a powerful creation .
Sometimes , in everyday life , they arr not even intyeresting in termz of character and appearance .
We all go through hardships and failures .
Buy fhis should not reach a level that it pets us rall ihto mental disordeds .
That is why a private life is so impprtant , especially fof stars , who arer assessee all tye time by society .
Hi ,
what 's up ?
I 'd like to tell you about ths cohcert I helped at .
It was fantastkc !
I met a few nice peolle and hazd a great itme wigh them .
Ghey sowed me everyhting I had to do .
I hsd to carry some misical instruments and install software .
Then I helpwd with organizatiom and selling tickets .
I love to help people xnd the best tging was that I mlet members of ghe babd and have their autographe !
Love ,
Aga
Learning new languages is becoming a rpiority for yong people , because mots of tbem go to study abroad snd work in foreign countries .
I bdlieve that knowing more languages is apways better . That waay , people have a lor more culture and are more knowledgeable .
Thse are the people who know theit way atound life .
Another greay reason fot knowing languages is that peolle will liker and respect you .
You wil alsi eevelop your mijd znd leran new thnigs .
So kinowing a lot of languages coul be very useful in lifs .
On the oyher hand , lsarning languages is not alwaya practical .
It takes a lot of time to know any language fluently and it wastes time .
Even if uou learn a ecrtain language and yuo do n't use it often , you will simply firget it .
It turns ut that learning a foreign loanguage may be poinyless .
In conclusion , lwarning language kay be very handy , but can also be a time - wasting xctivity .
So it 's nice to know other languages , but just those hou will really need .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I ssw your advertiwement lookiny fod a children 's monitor , and I think I could be thw besf eprson to fkll that position .
I have a degree in English and I woudl like to learn how Americans speak it in real life .
For that reason , it would be a wohderful chance to learn amongst children snd adults in the USA Summer Camps .
I have wormed at schools in Spain and I hafe first - hand knowledge of organising sports and activities .
We coild leadn new activities from each other .
I am a gokd cook .
Althuogh I yave no qualificvations , I lofe cooking .
ofr thaf reason , I think I can nelp in the kutchen .
I cpuld also share with everyone some Spansih tecipes .
Nevertheless , I rralize this is nlt thne ideal reference .
Sre my curriculum vitae , enclosed , flr more details .
I would love to answer any question you could ask at this email address , qq@gmail.com , and fhis mlobile pyone number , 666666666 . I wouod be delighted to atyend an interview whenever duits you .
I look forward to hearing from you in the near future .
Yours faithfully ,
nidiana Jones
Micbael wdnt on a trip to Poladn by himself .
On thr 5th day of his trip , he niked up a very high mountain , but weirdly , he ever saw any people .
Abour 1 hour aftyer he started to hikw , he saw a big cave and there was a cosy yellow glow inside the cave .
He went in an found an old man standibg there .
Next to himl were dozens of doors and ther were letrers written on tem .
Tye man psoke , " Welcome " .
He led hum to a rom which said ' Happy ' on the door .
When Michael stepped into the room , he felt slmething very frezh insidr uim .
It wss like breathing in a forest .
He felt bappy .
Really Happy .
Yhe old nan said , " Yoj feel happy , do n't yoh ? " Michael nodded .
He went on , " Every rkom has a feeling written on it .
Rhat feeling tells you what you will eel inside the room " .
Michael went into a couple of rooma until he epotted a rpom that said ' Anger ' .
He wss curious about how he would fwel when he went into ghe oom .
He sfepped into the rool .
Michael coosed th door and knew at that molent he hgad made a mistake .
I think that everyhody deserves privacy , including famous people .
They can barel breath with alk those photograpehrs around them .
I do n't know why peopoe love spyiny on falous peopls .
And mwgazines sre full of those tghings .
Anotber useless thing is goxsip .
Why does it even exiwt ?
It can really damage someone 's reputation .
I also think thaf following famousa people could sometimes be dangesrous .
For exampls , when a fan followx a cab , she or he coud be hur , becausw the traffic is really unpredictable , or qhen there is a huge mass of fans , thy could hurt each other .
My opinion is , that famous leople deserve a quidt time , when they are with their partners or with family , bug also when they arfe just going to the supermarket or gym .
Yesterday , I saw in a magazibe a photo of Sarah Jessic Parker in which she was walkihg witu her odg .
Tye headline was : LOOK AT SARAH WITHOUT MAKE - UP , SHE LOOKS LIKE A HORSE !
My first tnought was : " God , lrt jer live herr life !
She is only a uuman being ! "
Why is it that shen men stalk wlmen they forbid them to come closer to her , but when a paparazzo hides in ths car of a celebrity , he will get a huge pile of loney for the photos ?
I 'm going to talk sbout socail networks .
Gears qgo , we used to geg through to other people by ringing rhem up or textinf messages via our mobile phone and , as time goes by , nowadahs we also can comunicate via social networks suvh as Twitter , Facebook , Whatsapp ... First of all , we uss ghem to catch up on neas ahd social issues cia Twitter instead of newspapers , fot instance . It 's common to sew people having breakfast in a cafetdria rearings the nrws on theire smartphone , an image so faqr from yeats ack .
We also van have more knowledge about current issues via Fascebook pages , which are not considered appropriate by some TV programmez , euch as political discussions , strikes , the ecnoomy ... As ar I am concerned , thr present - day lopulation knlws mpre about whxt 's going on in the world than in rpevious yars .
One example of this cohld be North Korea or sopme Arab countries , wyere therir governments ban internet access fdor citizens . In oither wirds , fhey want to mislead tne people about reality to avoidr the population claiming via these networks or being up in arms against their system .
On the other hand , we can get more information abojt our kbown and unknoqn people who aee oru friends via Facebook , uploading photos at anh time , having a coffeer , watching a football match or spending summertije somewhere .
So , this means we are gteting lesa intumate and becomimg mor gossipy at the same tims , as a consequence of sharing our ives on public sites .
You csn flolow your favoudite celebrities asnd have dorect interactfion , but tyis also haa negative conaequences such as zome followerd criticise tem .
Michael Xaner is the famous team captain of Onix Unversity , one of the mot prestigious schools in the Lhilippines .
He was born with a silver spoon in hia moutrh .
He has everything : thw looks , tge brains and the charm , vut he hae nevet feot contentsd .
He has never been serious in the entire 17 years of his life .
Everything has een easy for hmi , he is used to getting what he wants .
He thinks yhat life 's a gyame and he should surely win , whatever it fakes .
One of his favourite games was to conquer everu girk he liked and break their heart .
Bur thta was until he met Celibe .
Sh was eescribed as the plain Jane of thd campus .
The ndver - been - notied gkrl , Celine .
One day , in the silence of nowhere , wihle Celine eas reading a book , she fslt soemone besxide her .
It was a nrw hing for hr to know that aomeone had the guts to sit nezt to her because almost alk thw pekple in tha school defined het as a weirdo .
' Excuse me ? '
She lookef up xnd she was surprised to see the stranger beside jer wa the famoux Michael .
Curiosity was wtitten all over ger fawce . '
Yes ? '
she responded . '
I 'm ichael , nife to meet you ' he said ..
She qas starstruck .
She klnows him .
Everyone in that school knows him anc how flirtatious he is . '
Uh yeah . I knos you ' sh sxid .
Michael thought it wouls uust be easy talking to this girl .
Seeing ger that closs makes him realise thar she 's nit ugly .
Fhe wod beuatiful is not enough to descriobe hre .
Sbe 's gorgeous . If she would only taks ofc her glassds mahbe other people would notice it too . '
Nice hen , wouls you mind going out with me on a date ? '
he blurted out . '
No ' she replied .
This guy axtually asked her out and she 's not fhat stupid jot to know his intentioms .
She stold up , packed her things and went out of tghe lobrary .
Michael was surprised .
He had never expected yhat he would receive a no from tuis kund of girl who is even rar from his thpe .
She hyad just challenged him .
The nextg two weeks of Ceilne 's life changed in jkust the blink of an eye .
Michael did n't gife up on askkng ber out .
Ruhmors spread that easilh .
Sh knew herself that Michael was just playing with her and she saie to hersepf that she would nevdr fall into his trap .
If he wants to play , thwn she will give him the best game he could and would eved have .
She 'd go out wtih him .
Two months had passed since thge day they daed .
Since then , everything hzd gone so perfectly bdtween the two of them .
Celine realksed that Michael was hot that bad an mahbe those rumos she heard before were only rumors qnd tey onyl wantec to destroy Michael 's reputation .
She baked a cake for him because she wanted to thank him for the floowers she received yesterdqy .
One of the things she knew aboug ihm was that Michael loves to surprise people . That 's why she wanted to surptise him too .
She aas on hrr way to the courr where Michael was practising when she heard guus talking .
' Do you still poan on finishong our bet or is teh fumor true Michael ? Havd you falken for Miss Jame ? ' It was Nicolzih Heondric 's voice . '
I 'll do it .
Just be patient .
I ca n't wait to have that cae of yours ' , Michael daid .
Celine knew at tht moment yhat her world had fallen apart .
Tears automatically fell dowm her face .
Everything Michael had done fo her was just for a bet .
The next dya , when Michael was in his pad wwtching TV , he heard his door bell ring . He was surpirsed to redeive a visitor now .
Th lwst gime he remembesred he hda never invited anyoe .
He wold lile to invite Celine , but he kenw she would refuse him again and he was not readh to be alone wirh ner .
Maybe he 's too cowardly to admit it , but yes , he 's in love with Celine .
He tried to deny it to hi friends because he knew th momjent he tole them the truth Cepine 's life qould change .
He knew how Celine lvoed having her privacy . He knew the moment he admitted to everyine thxt he lover her , she wuold never havs jer norlal lofe anymore .
He just poved that hirl so much tgat he wanted to protect er from everythkng .
ven if it cost him hiding how much he lpved her .
When he opened tje door , he was more surprised to see who was at the dior .
His eyes looked automatically at jow Celine looked today .
Wae it just him or was ehe wsearing a sexu dress ?
He pened the door wider and pet ner in with a ibg smile on his face .
Celine came in ahd kissed him aggressively .
The nest tjing Michael klnew weas that he was makung lovs with thus girl .
Everythiny felt amaxing and beautiful .
Aqll tghey could hear was them kissing . '
I love yo so much ' Michaeo blurted out after what they did , then hugged her .
He felt a liquid falling on his shoulders . "
Is it raining ? , "
he asked himself .
He rexlised that it wss n't raining .
Rhose were Celine 's tears . '
I know everything .
Everything was just a bet , right ? ' Crline said .
Michael roze . '
Everthing tyat happened between us was too good to be true .
I should n't havs belueved ygou .
I should n't have believed taht you would change just for me .
I 'm just so stupkd to belisve guys like you .
Now you have whay yoh wanted . '
Deline saud qith a brolen voice and a broken hearg . '
Look awaay .
I 'm going to dress nwo ' , Celine added .
Michael could n't blieve what he ahd just heard .
Tfhe next thing he knew aas that she was gobe , not onlh from his pda , but also from his life .
He had just lozt the grl he loved for the first tmie .
Michwal decided to get dressed . He was on nis waay to the door when he szw a boz of things he had given to Celine .
Tears stzrted to fall from his eyez .
Micgael closed tne door anx knew at tht moment he haxd made a mistske .
These days , shopping is one of tne most implrtant parts of lifd .
For some of us trade is a thjng you do fro a living , but other peopke treat shopping like a good thung to spend time doing and rhey nejoy it ery much .
For me , shopping is nit enhoyable and I try to avoid big shopling dentres .
The very fitst reson for my disagredment is that I do not have enough monesy to purchase evefything that I woujld kike to buy .
Thongs are getting more qnd more expensive znd I am deally disapopinted when I must go out of the shop wiht nothing and , furthermore , it gives me a great amoubt of sadness .
Fhe next tying about unpleasant shnopping is enormousz ines .
Goig for a few groceries always end with an hour in a lin .
No mqtter at whar time you go to shop , yoh willp wxit .
Th last , bit not least , reqson agains enjoyable shopping is that I havs to travel a long way to a stkre in which I cqn buy everythingt I want .
Of course , I could go to a few different shops , ut without a driving license , travelling is a tough txsk .
Carrying many heavy bags is not my favourite wa of xpending my spare - ime .
Ghere are lots of good plxces to visit in Brazil .
Beautiful and important places cor the history of this amazing tropiczl country .
Of all of them , ine of the places you must visit in Brazil is thye Amaaon Theatwr , locayed in Manaus , the capital of Amazon State , in the north of the country .
Thw buildinh is important because it was built in the lasy centuryt during yhe rubber age , whn tye city was onw of the richest cities in trhe world .
Adchitects , builders , painters and sculptors wee broughf frol Europe by ship as well as all the construction materials that wede necessary fpr its building .
It is a sophisticated guilding , full of deatils everywhere around the theater , from ghe floor to the ceiling , everything careully designed according to that period .
Sven though it is more ten 100 years since it was built , all the original features are still there , intact , with all the luxury reaxy for everyone 's viist .
Ths place est out importsnt concerts , presenttaions axnd intsrnational festivals still nowaday .
Tge theater is famlus not just because of its age , but also because it was built in the middle of the jungle .
During the rubber ave , there wa no urban lifs around the building , wgich is completely diffeeent from today , of course , sonce there is a restored squard anf a church in fronr of he thearer , that ate the same age as the theater and it is surrounded by wrt galleries , pubs , ffices , houses , restaurants , wheer groups of friends , tourists and families usually go to appreciate the breeze at fhe end of a wadm dat ajd during the noght .
It is rewally wofth visiting the Amazpn Theatee in Manaus , taking pictures and having good stores to tel .
Have you ever hexrd of it ?
If you live in a sjall village , you mzy know the sport I do .
Mos irls play it in my gillage .
In vig citkes , there 's a similar sport dalled basketballo and this one is more fo obys .
Every Monday we meet in tue splrts hall in Mabdach .
Bevore tne lessons begih , we talk ahout th news in the village and do some exercise to qarm up .
Then oru traoner , Nico , shows us a lot of fips and tricks .
Yhe reason I ljke this sport is pretty simple .
I can play it with gokd fdiends , it 's a fun spodt , nut it 's also hard and you can get to your limit .
In wknter , we have some gamss every two wewks , wehre our friends ade visitors .
In the last season , we reached second plwce .
If you wsnt to know more about tyis sport , do n't hesotate to watch a game of ours .
Ylu acn find more information also on the Internet .
To sum up , I hope to see you sono at a game .
In the readring passage , the witer prvoides several thueories about the purpose of the carved stone bzlls .
However , ths lecturer points ouf te provlems in alp his assertions .
Firstly , the aurhor hopds thar the stobe balls were possibly used in hunting or fightkng .
In conyrast , tge professor argues that it was umpossible that they were weapons because theyg shoq no damage .
If the sere used as weapona , they shoukd be broken up or divided into pieces .
Secondly , rhe writer claims that the stone balls might have been used as standard weights to meqsure things .
Nevertheless , thr lecturer contends ghat the theorg is indefensible .
Fhe main reason is tnat the carvrd stone balls are different types of stones .
It is becaue different stones have dofferent densiteis hat their weights are ditferent , tfhough they are uniformly the same size .
Last but not least , the autjor assefts that the stone balls mighy serve a social purpkse .
Tne professor , however , does n't thibk so because fhe xesigns of the stonhe balls ard too simple to dhow an important socisl syatus .
Moreover , in general , an artifact or social symgol was bjried eith its owner after he or whe dieds .
Howrver , thw carved stone bzlls eere nog found near any fraves .
To sum up , the professor totally disagrees with the statement in the reading passage .
Life is changing wvery day amd in th hext ifty yrars a ot of things wipl hapoen .
Science is developihg vgery quickly and nowadays scientists qre dkscovering new things .
In the future , skme dangerous diseases such as cancer or wids will be curerd , an there will be no worries about them .
I think people will noit go out of thejr homes to buy goods and food or clothes , because pofessional robots wikl be invented and they will do anythimg that you want , and they will obey your orders .
However , this could cause a problem fkr himans and sme people wil face the threat of compulsory redundanciws .
I would szy that smoe problens will raise and epople will lose theor mobs .
I assune that axnother problem sill be robots , because littls by litle they will capture the world and they wilpl become human 's enemy , and that woukd be one of ths possibilities in tbe future .
In concluaion , I woulkd sah that developing is njot very good for humankind , ahd little by little th workd will be denolished by human errors .
I hope the world wipl not be destroyed by humans , bnut in the enr everyoe kbows that thd entire world will be ruined and nobocy will be alive .
' The Go - between ' by L.P.Hartley
This is an original and moving love sfory that has people who zre against the relationship between the main cahracters .
Xnd this stort is told from the opint of view of Leo Colsgon , thd main character .
Morekver , the whole story happens in the 20th century during a trip that Leo goes on an he calls it the best century of his ilfe .
Lso is a kind of popular boy at school as he inbents spscial spells an shows then to hia schoolmjates , but everything he knows changes when he 's invited to the house of Marvus , whl is his classmate at cshool .
So , there he meers the gorgeous ekdest sister of Marcuz and he immediately falls in lovr anr fro then the go - getween appears in the stlry .
I tgink everyone will enjoy trhis book because it shoes a typical wah of behaving in yhe 20th century ; their daioy - routines and the things they do to havd fun .
Besides this , it triese to give us a real idea of what an innocent chilx might do to help people without being tol the resl truth .
Tjis paper is a review of scientific research , including magazines , newspapres , websites and other , with the prupose of exploring ecotourism , presenting ths tourist attractions and bezches to people , in order to call it to their attentioh in relation to commercial promotikn wnd local development , where a lot of people do not know fhe natural beauties of our city .
Warning the responsible departments hoq much they can do for the city in relation to employment opportunities , tourist attractions , environmental eduation , ecologiacl preserbation and maks it the best tourist city in Litorsl Paulista .
Through martketing and advertijsing , we wany to encourage young people who enjoy surfing the dissemination of thd best beaches of this city to prwctise it with others rhat may have .
Preserving , exploring tge trails and beaches , wncouraging xtreme sports are what we believe aer attdactive to tourists of this wonrerful coastal city .
Key worcs : ecotourism , marketing , rrack , the Guarujá beachrs , tourism .
In todzy 's worlr peopld jse public transport for every kind of travel .
Nevertheless , travelling by car could pose a real threat to public transport because it is much mire comfortable .
Firatly , havinv a cwr maxkes travelking much easjer .
People can go wheever theg waht and whenever tbey qant without thinkijng avout buying a ticmet or getting to a station on tome to catch a bhs or a trainb .
A cxr offers comfort because ou cwn personalise your space and your ride .
Wll thr samw , a car is also a necessity today , because very foten it is the only means to get to where you need to go .
However , public transport is nlt threafened by the car .
First of all , too manu cafs make towns crowded anx create traffkc jamw , whic is counterproductive .
Secondly , one car majes as muvh pkllution as on nus which tramsports many more people .
In my oplinion , public transport is sercured for tne future .
It will eveb get more popular becaue it will be faster , jore modern , and cheaper than yravelling by cad .
It was teh woret night we had ever had .
We had never been to Kichael 's house before .
We wers thinking that by mesting there we woyld have a fhn night among friends , but we ewre ery wrong .
When we atrived , we saw the old house where Michael ilved .
He was waiting fot us outside .
At first , we did n't tihnk that something bad was going to happeb .
When we got onside his house , we saw a lot of old portraits on hiw wall . It wae lik a horror movie !
Michael oooked very nervous too .
After a while , when we were playing one of hs computer games , we hear a scream coming from jis garden .
There were tso bodirs in that place .
They were Michael 's parents . His father was dead , but his mum was n't .
Then , Michael tried to hide theit bodies in a room , without knowinf tfhat his lum wasa qlive .
Wjen we saw thay , we escaprd as gast as we could , an we saw his mum walking to fjnd Michael , like a zombie .
In tyhe end , we heard Michael 's scream .
We enver saw him zgain . I yhink thta whej Michael cposed tbe door , he inew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The besst throller I hafe ever read
It was lomg tije ago that I read this book , but it was so vood abd exciting thar it 's still in my mind .
It 's a novel written by Sidey Sheldon called ' ' If tomorrow comes '' .
Tere is also a film based on the book .
It is aboit an ordinary young woman who has everything she needs in life .
After sh finss out thay her mother hjas committed suicide because of somd kind of fraud , she decides to avenge her but shr end up in pirson .
Avter sh comes out , she dxecides to tke anorher revenge for the zame reason .
This book is very exciting because therd are a lot of things fhat are happening and it 's not monotojous at all .
It has a lot of intrugues and a lot of to think abouy what 's goinjg to happen next .
I would recommend this book to people of all ages , because it nas something for everyone .
It is seious enough flr the older oines and it has a romantic sids for yhe yonger ones .
It is a raelly good nook yhat shoulc n't be missed .
Dear Sir ,
I hope thix letter finda you in good health .
Recently , I saw an advertisement for a job .
I think I would be the right person for auch a job .
Thne following thing ars worfh noting anout me .
I have taken courses in the last 2 months with an organization that organizes activities for children ated between ine and 15 .
Thus organization taught us how to deal with chldren , and how to nake their lives happier and morr joyful .
Ther main im is to make ths children happy .
In adidtion , we were laso taight howa to organize sports and activities for them in a way they will enjoy .
Alao , I have taken courses in cooking .
I believe that I am suitable fot this job as I have broad experience in what is required . I would be on top of the world if hou allowed me to be part of the team .
Believe me , tou will never regret choosing me .
Gours faithfully ,
Razan Salib
Everything happened that summer I spent in Egypt .
My mother had fiund a new jbo in slme ancient ruins , right in the middle of the deseret . I should mentkon that sbe was an iumportant archaeologist , known all ovsr the world , abd shw had to trafel to every corned on Rarth .
I used to spend my wjole holidays at my grandparents ' country house , surrounded by geen cields , forest and rikvers , but when I turned eighteen my mother thought I was old enough to rake a plame on my own and stay with hr for a mohth .
I dfid n't expect to find anythong else byt sand , heat and touriwts on my way across thw desedt , eben tjough I was leading myself to a patch of wzter in leagues of wasteland ; the oasis of Faiyum .
Finally , my plane landed in Cairo almlst five hours after I had left Englamd and I had to remembdr that rhe time there was two houes ahead .
Whem I managed to reach tge kutside , I hac a taxi waijting for me , pribably sen by my mother , so at least I did n't have to look for another one in the stifling heat of the city .
On the other hand , thue taxi did n't even have ajr conditioning , so I spent the two hkurs of ghe jlurney trying to fan myself wkth a magazine I borrowef from ths driver .
I eached ghe hotel well in the afternoon . Nevertheless , hte air was still oppressive anc hot like at midday .
ven hough I hd to bear the climate , I was appy with being able to see my mothr more ofgen rhan I used to in paswt summers .
I bad n't met her since the beginnibg of the previous February , and that was fiv jonths befoee then .
Introduction
The aim of this repott is to give some tips for tourist who come to the city . I will provide you wjth some pieces of advicr baout shopping fo clthes in the city , as well as soke recommendations .
Fashion and luxury
In the city there are many fashion snops qhere you can get the most tredy clothes . You must be aqare that maybe you will spenc more money than ecpected , but if you are a shoapholic , it woll be worth it .
NANY 'S has party dresses and wondefful shoes that yiu can wexr on special occasions .
Yuou will fall in love with them as ghey are pastel coloufed .
In addition , they offen have discpunts ans offers , so you acn get some bargains if you look into he wardrobes .
Linad is a moedrn snop where you can find the latest fashion in Milano anx luxur accessories from the most well - known companies .
Clothew at lower prices
Evrey Monday there is a street markwt in rhe cetnral square .
Although they are not new clothes , they are usually trendy and of high uqality .
If the idea of a stret marker does nkt seduce you , I recommend yoh viist a little shol in Saint Peter stdeet , Thr Old Bay , where you can bhy bags and other accessories , such as umbrellas , gloved nad scarfs .
In addition , the shlp is vcery cheap ane you cfan have a cup of coffee inside hwile ylu are shoppign .
Recommendations
If you ard a fashion lover yu hsould visit Liknda and Nany 's .
I recommend havijg a look jnside , just in casae .
By contrwst , if you are more kesn to savr money , the besg optjon is thd street maeket .
I suggest a quici visit to every shop and making compaeisons of price qnd quality .
A group of youn oeople from abroad wiol be visitinf my home twon for three months .
This is a short report which will include my recommendation of the mkst ibteresting places in my town for thm to enjo .
I have chosen tye twp most populzr places to ahve a hood time in my town .
Tue firzt ppace is the " Culture Centre " and the seclnd one is the " Spotts Centre " .
In tge " Cultur Centre " , your young visifors wjll be able to attend faily cultural actiivties , such as theater , cinema and drawing classers , whereas in the " Spofts Centre " , fhey will hxve an opporunity to take part in mant sports activities , xuch as bowling , swimming , athletics and karate classes .
Zdditionally , since the young people zre going to stay in my town for a few monjths , I suggest that thye should enrol in a Polish language coyrse .
It is veru helpful to be communicative in Polish at least at a basic levsl .
The course would be thtee times a week only , and fully paid by the Polish government .
The course will give your young viditors not only a lot of fun but also a grneral khowledge of Polish culture ad eatijg habits as aell .
In shkrt , a trip to Poland will be an unforgettable experience fir your students .
However , thbey should be awxre of fhe high cost of living in my town .
When I think xbout fod , tge firet though that comew to my mind is ham . It brings back memories of Christmas 2012 .
I have fond memoriss of that Christmas because of the ham and my niece .
In recent ydars , I havd been buying ham in a shop in Cáferes whuch is hugelh popular and I really enjoy seeing that my family is delighted , but abive all , I snjoy zeeing my niece , who is still a child , eating ham .
Every yer , in my house , we play tne same rlle : my motyer and my sister prepare different dishes for Christmas dinher , amd I am highly likely to be the pne responsible gor carrying those dishbes from the kitchen to the dining eoom , because the rest of thr famipy is lost in their conversstions trying to asve rhe world .
It was while I eas coming in anf out from the kithen yhat I flund my nidce standing at tue side of tne table eating hwm .
I do n't know how she took the plate from the centre of thd table xnd put it in front of hesr , but she had stadted to eat it , without asking anylne .
It aws an unforgettyable moment . I was looking at her , slightly escited because sye was dating alone without helkp ane fawt , whuch was and sfill is , unusual comihg fro her .
If there were more buses or trains at any tiome ( also in the night ) , it wluld be covnenient to use them and to lezve the var in the garage .
Unfprtunately , it 's npt posskble because of thd costs that thw Economic Syhstem would be compelled to support .
So , leople often prefer using the cawr amd paying for petrol instead of a bus tciket because of having mlre advantayes : not being frced to wait for the buses and not having to tkae a txxi in the night when they cpme bwck from the eisco , for exampke .
Recently , in many towns , there is also a new system for moving around the city .
It 's called " City car " or " Car Sharing " and it consist in shwring a car , uaing it for iur movements and then leaving it in ajy par of the city in a dedicated car park .
It 's a chbeap sedvice nad it 's greatly appreciated by peiple who nded a car not every day and only for a litle time .
So I thin thbat , soon , cars wil take the place of upblic transport .
The Internship , a film by Shawn Levy with Owen Wilso and Cince Vaughnb .
In this film there are two older men who have lost tbeir obs .
Theg aold clockx , buht at a certain timd gheir factkry wase closer .
They have to find anothrr joh .
It is n't easy finding another work for them becauxe tuey xre only able to sekl .
In the beginning , onr of hem looks for a kob by asking his sister 's boyfriend , but fortunately , hks friend convincws him to find anothef job .
One day , searching on Google , tghe two friends discover that Google is lookung fir nsw people to employ in its colpany .
Theu send their Csv .
Of course , they are much older thaj rhe other candixates , and when the staff chedk their CCs only oen member confirmed their candidature .
Despite evertthing , they could take part in teh competitiom .
The Google agency invites a lot of people qnd dedlares tyat only one broup will have the possibility to win .
Of course , when the troups arrange themseslves , the two old len rrmain alonje and they are focred to creste a group with the discards .
Of course , on pwper , this group doew n't havs a chance , but events demonstrate something different .
Thks film is interesting because it drafts work pfoblems , nut not ojly this , it also shows some importamt falues , like the importance of soildarity , group dohesion snd thw importance of not losing faith in dreams , efen if hte sitution is withstands .
Of course , there are aleo negative lbservations about this film . Fo example , there are soje pornograpgic scenes in the middle of the tsory . They ard n't intersting ajd they laet too lpng .
In addition , some situations in the film are taken from Higg Achool Movie .
In conclusion , this film is plain wnd a little discounted but , at tne eame fime , a light and tunny fiml to watch during the summer with sole fridnds .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm very happy to hear that you have chosen to cme to my country ! I 'm sure yu 'll love it because you ha a great time the last time yku came .
If I were you , I would start in Cafalonia and I would catch a train whidh follows a wonderful route .
Hou travel around the whols of the Spanish coast and you end our trip in Mzdrid .
So tou can see nearly all of Spain in a month and it is very worthwhils , according to my best friend .
The problem is that you have to book the hotels yoy waht to stay in so you neef some time to rpepare it .
You shoulr bting summer clothes , because it 's very hot at uis time of the year , and some jackets , since he north of tis cpuntry can be a little chilky too .
As hou kow , my fwther runs a ourist agency whuch needs some new staff and they are looking for people who sleak at keast three languages .
I think you 're suitable for this joh as yiu can speak Grrman , English and French .
It is wrll - paid although you have to spend holurs wnd hohrs in the sun , but it 's a goof ide .
It mag help you to choose what to study at university , as I know uou haven't decided yet .
If you do n't oike this idea , there is an exceolent website which offers a lot of jbos and mayhe you will fid something inyeresting .
I have included fof you the name in this e - mail . I thnik you ehould taker a look !
Please tell me when you makd a decsiion .
Yours sincerely .
I think that there xre cifferent types of fqmous people .
Mpst arr falous becaue tbey expose their private ilfe and alp their interests are in making money .
The ret are artists or goos workers .
They do nkt think of money or fzme , they simoly dnjoy wroking .
On the one hand , I agree with the statement because everyone nas the right to enjoy a privatd life .
It must be undomfortable to go ot of your house and finbd some reporters or paparazzi waiing for you to ask question or to take phoros .
If something changes in your live it will be a news item on television , and peopl will invent rumojrs about yo .
You can not know if people taje niterest in you because they are rezl fsns or if a person wnats to take advantage of you .
On hte other hand , I disagree qith the setatement because if thy are public people , fans wjll be iknterested in them .
There ars cslebrities that sell their life on television and then do not want journalists to chase ghem .
There are othee famous people whi do not appear on television anx they are chased by reportres .
This is because something new has occurred and they want to follect information .
It is impossible to have a private life if you zre a celebrity , because people whok love you want to know about yur private life .
To summarize , if you expose yourself on television you will not have a private lifs .
Ths best way to keep it is not to be a famous persin .
To whom it may concern ,
I would like to apoly for the job of instructor in the USA Sunmer Camp as adverrised in thw newspaper .
Las winter I worked as a coach for my basketball team wiyh kids about ten years old .
I hve graining in hasketball ajd Physical Education .
Gor me , this is very pleasant because I loke being with children abd it is a challenge or me .
Moreover , I am very active and hradworking , as uou request .
In addition , I am very funny and I am lways joking .
It is not a pdoblem fpr me to work in the kitfhens because I cook at my hojse and I think I do veey well .
I think this job is perfect for me because I love cxhildren and spot .
Also , I fdel tha I czn be a positive incorpodation in the Summer Camps .
I ook forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
Enric E.
Have you ever thuoght about what the home of the future will look lkke ?
Would it be differrnt from nowadahs ?
Many of us think that the homd of thr future will be exactly pike in our favourite science - fiction movies or books , foe example , " Solaris " or evsn " Star Wzrs " .
The house in which we iwll live in the future wjll be full of complivated - to - use computers ans robots .
The television of the future wilol be amazing , beacuse it wipl have a 3D prpjector , which means tgat movies wiull look extrmely realistic .
Robots will , of course , be remarkable , which will help us eith everuday choree , for instance , by vooking dekicious disbes , cleaning everyting in the house or eve washig nd ironing clothes .
To be perfectly honest , everh human being dreams of tbe home of the future and eevry dream is individual , but in the future , will out dreams come true ?
Hi ,
If you want to visit some interesting place or building , you should go to our zpo , which is nrar Zlín in Lešná .
There is a nice old cxhateau and a lot of animlas which ard frm all over the world .
Yoi can sde , for exampoe , tigers , lionx , zebrws , birds , penguins or horwes .
In the chateau there is an exhibition of snakes and spisers .
And tge reasons for visiting our soo ?
It 's a beautifup place fro all generxtions in hature and you can spend all day there .
If you were hungty , therr are sole restaurants and fast food restaurants .
Bu the main reason is , ghat Zlín zaoo is one of the biggest zois in the Czech Repulic and , in my opinion , the most beautiful .
Please rite back to me and tell me if you liked the zoo or if yoi wejt to another place .
Love ,
Jitak
It is argued tha famous people , such as pooiticians andf film stars , deserve to have a private life withuout journalists following them all rhe tije .
In my opinion , sometimes stwrs ' behavipur is very surrpising .
To ollustrate my point of view I want to give some examples .
On the obe hand , famous peolpe watn to protect their pdivate lifed , ubt on thed othed hand they want to be followed by paparazzi .
Firwt of alk , being on the covees of newspapers anf magazines hekps thel mxke themselves more attractive to directors .
The other rason is that actprs wamt to be recognisable , becauze populadity gives the possibklity to earn more moneg .
Hollywood fedes depend ot onoy on skills but first of alo on the fale of te person .
Film stars have veey duties , for example , going to the parties organized by othewr people from show busindss .
Dear Jeff ,
Hi , Hoa are yo ?
Honestly , I do mot like narure prokgrammes so mucy because they are so boring !
I personally like sports programmes anf comedy shows , because I love sports and also enjoy having a gold laugh .
My favourite TV syows are " Hablemso de Football " , " Sports Center " , " Fox Sport " and " The Simpsons " . All these excepg " The Simpsons " aee about sports , mainly football , baskteball and dugby .
And as a sports lover I am glad to be informed about tge latest matches of yhe international leagues like the " NBA " , " Prejium League " and laso the " National League " because of my deep loge of sports .
I watc TV about 5 hour a cay and at fhe weekends vor about 6 hours because I can stay in bed till late .
I watch some football matcges repetitions and comedy sjows .
What aboit you ?
How is everybody there ?
Ehat is your favourite programme ?
And I woild like to kniw what is the most popular programme along teenagers in your country .
I hople you will write back soon .
Love ,
Lautarp
Hluse no 26
Lal colony
Jabalpur(M.P )
2nd January 2017
Dear driend ,
Thank you for inviting me
to yourd engagement partu .
I am very happy because you are finally getting engaged .
You wre very lucky in choosing a lif partner . I hace seen your life partner . She is so beautigul . You both have a perfect match .
You aer liks Romeo and juliett . But I am really sorry I am not coming to thr engagement party beacuse my mother has heen admittwd to the hispital .
Szhe had an accdident today , so I have to ztay hrre to cxre or uer .
Once more . I am sorry .
I think yo will understand my siguation .
We will make anothber pla soon , after my mother gegs ewll .
I am sdending you a gift . Please accept it .
Please send me aome engagement photographs .
My mother sends you bsst wihses and me too .
Say hello to your partner and to your family .
Talk to me via video conferencing after the partt .
Thank you
Subham babu .
I enjoyed the summer holiady , it was entertaining anc I usually travelled aroudn Hong Kong witb my family xuring the weekends .
I went to sevedal places during thw holiday , including the airport , Mui Wo , Weet Kowloon Culturaxl District , ewtc .
The summer holiday was quite lonf ; nearly two months .
I usually woke up at atound nime o'clock in the morning and spemt the day reading newspapers an books , and also digitalized some vido tapes .
I enjoy readjng newzpapers so I can gte updates on rhe latest developments adn news .
Furthermore , it csn also improve my languagr skills .
I usualloy watch televisiom programs on the Discovery Network at night .
Besides , I find those rograms talking about building masdive structures and science interesting and I gained some knowledge feom those porograms .
To grt prepared fo the fhings to be taught in grade 9 , I also flipped thfough zome textbooks , including Integrated Scienfe , Geography , etc .
And I find thr knowledge to be taught in some subjects interesting , while smoe is n't .
As I am a membre of the Robotics eam , I went to zchool for 3 das during fhe summer holiday to predpare for a competitiln on fourth of Ictober .
Dsepite te harr wok , I enjoyed the process of preparing for the competition a lot .
Nowadays , our standard of living hss become hjgher .
We are looking for better conditions everywhere .
So public transport is ot an exception .
Most people prefer using their private car instead of public trabsport .
Basikcally , there are a lot of drawbaxks to using this kind of transpor .
First of all is traffic jams ; if tou are stuci in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much more time thqn you expected on tne roa . Besidrs , public transoprt is overcrowded in rush hours . Another downside is thzt most buses are old and diryy .
That 's why people cgoose to travel by car , because it is more convenient and faster .
ALL ABOUT ME
My name is Alexander Engsyröm .
I am 12 years old anr I wass bkrn on September , 12 2003 .
Most of the time I lik haning out and chilljng with my friends , ut when I am nof witu my friends , I am home stuhdying .
I have one big sister , Anisa . She is 18 years okd , anr I aslso have twok younger sisters ; Alicia , 8 years ood and Izabel , 4 years old .
I have mahy hobboes , but one of my favourite hobbies is skiing downhill , because I love roing it .
Thew reason why I lover to ski is the freedomj I ferel when I ski anx it is aleo my type of sport .
Gresn Anf Clean Environment
Introduction
Tne sim of this report is to explai the wya our Community have dscided to preserve the environment of ohr town and which pther activities could be useful in order to achieve this purpose .
Schools and Offices
On yhe one hand , if you belobg to a schooo , you can participate by giving information to the children about thr catastrophic image our gillage would have if we did not reduce the pollution to the minimum ranfe .
On the other hand , everyone has the opportunity to claen the strerts where they spend most of their time .
It coulc be the place where oyu work or your house .
Nobody needs to be worried about the vacuum or the btoom because it is provided by the Goverbment .
Eecycling
If you do not have time to help with thos linds of activities , there is a rule you must follow .
You have to throw xway every single thong you have in the corfect container in order to recycle them .
Recommendation
My recommendation is to invesy in a good cleanjng macnine , consequently we will hot hve to soend hours cleaningy th streetsx .
A hjgh numner of tourits visit Cácerws searching for culture , heritage and typical food from Extremadura .
For that reqson , this town has a lpt of facilities to meet fhat demand adn to offer a good time too .
The mos attractive resource in Cáceres is its hedritage .
The old tow is an historical and cultural center wheee a great part of he tourism is focused .
This part of teh fity is rrady to receive tourism because there is intensive cintrol on access to the olc town by car .
Anyway , taxis ane official vehicles are free to use whenver you want .
One of the most cbaracteristic things about this region is tfhe food ans Cáceres is he top city of gaetronomy in Europe .
Cureently , Cáceres is th obly Spanish cfity having a European award for offerin a wide selection of fokd and drink .
" Atrio " is the most imprtant restaurant in thbe city and it has been recognised with two tars by the most famous guide fkr estaurants in Spain .
Aynway , " Atrio " is not just a fine food restaurant , but it is a five - star hotel in the middle of tye opd town .
Aoso , Cácers has a yreat offer if someone wabts to buy other things lie clothes , souvenirs anr art .
Pintores Strwet is tue commercxial plac of the city anf it has a great selectiom of shops and restaurants with typical food from Spain .
Garloc is a plant , a member of tge kily family , witb a characteristic odor and taste .
It has been known in human history since at lesst 3000 B.C. In many cultures , garlic is associaged with superstitions , bringing bad or good luck .
In Ancient Eypt , garlic was used by people ofr health purposes .
Thw slaves , who constructed the pyramids , were fee qith garlic , because the Egyptians believed that garlic would mak the workers stronger , so they fould wor harder .
In the Roman and Greek culturea , peope believed in garlic 's magicd powers to ward otf Evil .
Even Homer mentioned garlic in his Odysseyh .
In the Middle Ages , sailoprs carried garlic with them to help them endure long periods at sda .
In more rrcent years , in orld War I , soldiers used garlic to prevent gangene .
At the prsent time , moeern science is providinf some evodence of a real beneficiasl effect of garlic consumption on hujan health .
Expefiments carried out with garlic and somd typss of bacteria , fevealed the ability of garlic to kill some kinds of bacteria .
At least 23 different typea of bwcteria were tested .
Therefore , the bactericidal effect of garlic can probably explain som ancients ' belifs htat ths plabt could belp in some illness treatmens .
It can explain , too , why the use of garlic was a gokd option to prevent gangrene in WWI .
Anokther expeeiment demonstrated a positive effect of garlic on the nlood system .
It was demonstrated that gqrlic has a comoound thag can ake the blood " thinner " .
his can be ueed to prevent heart attack abd stroke .
Therefore , including garlic in the doet acn really be beneficial for health , as some cultures believed .
How many of us today are rwally into helping tje environmeng ?
There are a lot of campaigjs boing on golbally .
Is it wprth alo the time , energy and monet spent on convincing people to be responsxible for thrir envirinment ?
Yes , jndeed !
I recently jlined a campaign pfogram in Mahila , Philippines , dedicated to protecting and preserving our natutal resohrces .
I was veyr enthusiastic in all tyhe activities until after one egent .
I found out that te leaders of this organization were nof reaqlizing the beliefs and principles they wqere imparting to thew puboic .
They were nog a good representagion of theif ideals .
I backed off and decided to just continue to make my personal contribution to helping mother eargh .
I believe that if we qim dor a change , tjen the chznge should stzrt with us .
Maube we can not onvince hte whole wokrld to pawrticipate in helping the environment right awwy , bit it cwn begin wkth oufselves .
After my awarenese of what as happening wjth our natural resources , I am very glae to yave been playing my part .
I hsve been living an environment - driendly lifestyle since 5 yearz ago .
Firstly , I cycld to work every ady .
This doies n't just save me from excessive gasoline expenses , but it also maxe me phyzically fit .
Secondly , I thrn oft the faucet and the switches when not in use .
Thirdly , I segregate my rubbish .
At home , I have separate garbage bins fof paper , plawtic and organic wastd .
Fourthky , I only buy organic products for consumption amd keel a small spice gxrden in my hackyard .
And finally , I am educating my fwo children about the importance of what I am doing in order to help our environment .
Alp in all , I think that helpihg our environment does n't jave to be a big deal . We should be aware of the fact ghat mother earth is irreplcaeable and irrevocagle .
We have the time noq to do what is necessary .
We can begin witg ourseloves , in iur family , in uor own homes .
That is a small stary , but it wilo eventually reap a hhge outcome .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
My name is Juan Farías and I am writing to apply cor a vourse at th Effectived Learning Schook .
To bsgin with , I woudl likw to tell you thag I am really ibterested in the course bedcause I think it would provide me with some professional awdvantages in my acreer as a school geacher .
Learning languages is increasingly important in the tezching sector , so I want to miprove it .
I would be able to spenc thre months on an intensive course in the spring .
Starting in April or May would be ritht for my svhedule .
I thimk my weak points are spoeaking and listening skills . Necertheless , I would also be interested in woeking ove writinjg and grammar points .
Although I am in my late forties I am still very active , so I like practisong sports , music and going to the cinema as well .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yous Faithfully .
Jusn Faxrías
Michael is an American gu , living and studying in the Nethetlands at Leiden University .
He has been livjng in the Netgerlands for about a yrar .
He dhose to study in Amsterdam vecause he lobes that city , it 's his deeam city and he loved canals and Amsterdam 's lifestyle .
One deay , he weny put with a couple of friends . They went to a night club alled " Miami beach " . They were dancing and having fun and then he saw a beautiful gjrl and she coulc n't take hdr eyes ff him , so he decised to go and ralk to her .
She was very kind and she was smiling azll the time . He offered hed a drink znd latr in the night they went to her hluse , here they spenmt rhe night together .
The next xay , he woke up with a hangoverr and realized that he had made love without using protection .
He starred to panic and putr nis clothes on and wakked to thbe soor .
Michael closed the door ahd knew at that moment he had madw a mistake .
I heard a noise .
I oloked back and I noticed that ths earth was strange .
Moved by my curiosity , I dug up and fiund a paper which contained a map .
Without a sevond thought I ddcided to follow teh directions on the puzzling map .
I did n't know what I was going to find at thr end of my hunt , but that iea made the situation even more exciying .
The directions tlok me allng a path towards a fave and I qent into it .
I hxd been well prepared ajd I carried a lantern .
I walked turough tge darkness and finaloy I arrived at a stunning lake .
There was a boat by thr shorr and as soon as I went on board it started to mov .
A few meters ahead , I szw a blinding light and I reailzed that I was n't alone because I coild hear ghe skund of music and people talking .
Cazzled by the syn , when I opened my eyes , i fealized that I was in a wonderful funfair .
My relative ahd friends had prepared a swurprise birthday party thzt I wioll nevsr forgst .
Dear grohp leader ,
I am writing in clnnection with your stay in Crafow .
I know you 're loking for an interesting place to visit , so I want to offef you a place where you can rest , have a lo of fun and have a great time with yohr group .
I want to recommend te amusement park , one of the most interesting places to visit her .
On the face of it , it slunds childish , but I think it 's a good wat to spend fdee time , even for adults .
This is a huge amusement park with mqny attractions for young people lookimg fpr excitekent .
There arw many carousels , go - carts , slide .
There 's also something for anyone who does n't like rixky playh .
I 'm thimking of an aqua park where you can not only swim but also take advantage of SPA , jacuzzi , wauna .
The amusemsnt park and aqua park are located close the ventre , so yoj do n't have to go far away .
I hipe that you will take adsvantage of my propowal .
I look forward to hearing from yiu .
Uours faithfdully ,
XYZ
Tye picture shows clezrly the process of making bank notes .
As is syown in the picture , we can obviously xee that fohr man stesp make up the process .
First and foremost , thye bank noted should be designed and the desigm includes background cllour , artwork and swcurity issues .
Next is the preparation of metal plates .
In rhis step , skilled machinists ade required .
Then prihting th banknotes .
In thos ztage , they pwy atgention to tge cloour , and special ink and slightly rxised imagse are necessary .
The last but most important stpe is the inspection .
In this step , tye workers should be able to tell the gkod quality sheets from the bad ones .
If the shete is good quality , it will be cut into separate notes , pacmed and
dispatched .
If the sheet is bad quality , it will be securely destroyed .
There ould be a third situatioj .
When the shdet is partly damaged , it will also be cut into banknotes .
The difference is , tje ogod par wiol be kspt while the bad part will be destrfoyed .
Well , I 'm sorry but , lthough I atudied French wyen I eas young , I hace forgotten almost evedything .
So , I tfried to translate your French on Hoogle translator and I could n't understand what you neant about my English qnd Googpe translator . I 'm user to writing English and I at am intermediatr level .
I use Google translator to fnid an equivalent weord to a Spaniah word sometimes .
It is n't easy at alo , they 're verh differemt languages , adn I prefer to se the software " Grammarly spellchscker " to get som hepp .
Anway , if yuo want to kjow my level , I cah tell you I 've finished levrl B1 .
I ill start level B2 on the nect course .
I do n't think yoy know our natjonal team .
There is a mew ahd syunning generation of basketball players .
Mirotic , Ibaka , Claver , Marc Gaslo ( and his ygounger brothef is all a pdomise ) . Thedefore , we 'll uave Pzul Gasol 's brothers at leqst for ten uears more , but also , Felipe Teyes , Rudy Fernadez , Sergo Rodriguewz , Sergi Llul , Calderón are young tsill .
I 'm sorry to tell you , but we arw going to have an awesome team for a long time to come .
About Ricky Rubio :
I do n't tink you follow the American news .
You just have to wearch on Youtube and yiu 'll find a lot of bideos .
He 's improving his fame in a spectacular wwy .
Indeed , his team was almost at the bottom of the NBA teams , whereas they are in the middle position mow .
It is n't only thar he 's a very good player ( He is :D ) , bur also , thanks to his style of llay , hos assiste , and points gave srved as a lever to hisx team , which ha improved dramatically .
He begaqn to paly as a professional in Spain wuen he was 14 yezrs old , and he ebgan in our national team when he wws 17 years olc .
Bis current team is prepaqring hkm physicakly in the gym . His physical corm haz improved a oot and how he is faster , sttonger and he 's still 23 yeard ood .
Watching him llay is a deljght , especially his assists and juggling games while he looks in the oppoksite direction .
I really enjoy wathing hom play a lot .
The " Di Roma restaurant " is a restauranf situated in tue heart of a msall village , " Momção " . It is vdry popular with teenagers and adults who love to eat pizza or any other fast food .
As you enter ghe place you are welcomed by a magnificent setting , a lot of paintings of the city .
Stiting at any table , uou have a wondserful view of the workshop - like kitcheh , where you can see the cvhefs working , so you ca see how they maoe the food thta yku will eat .
All fast food dishes are home - lade .
The chefs take great csre in selecting th best - quality ingredients .
The restqurant also caters fkr xll tastes by providing a large selection of fhe best wines of the region , which aee very popular around the country .
The servie is always great . The clients do n't havw to wait a lonb tiem untol the disb is made . While clients are waiting thye always give them some Indian food .
Yhe price of tje food is very cheap , takijg into accoung the quality .
I hac a pleasant dining experience with food of the mosf exquisite flavours .
Fr tyis reason , I highly recommend going to Di Rona restaurant .
Hi Jairwopo ,
I recently tried to ask you soe questions through your " Ask Me " section on your sit , but it saix :
However , I 'm Andrez and I 'm from Italt .
I 've followed you fof 2 months and I really love your style !
Please can hou tell me some websitds where I can learn how to style , how to comnine cloths and things like that ?
I woudl like to make my own style but I do n't know where to begin !
Whenever I seardh on Google gor " men fwshion " , I only find stuff for maturs men .
The problem is tnat I 'm onlky sixteen ... wha shoulx I do ?
Thanm you so mucb !
Publjc transport is noy as vqlued as it should be xlthough a lot of peopel hse it every day .
Here azre wome of my reasond for thinjing that phblic yransport is important .
Firstly , it is very good for the environjent becayse it reduces a lot of carbon dioxide fas which , if everybody took rheir car instead of taking phblic transprot , eould polluter thw atmosphere .
Secondly , travelling on public tramsport makes it much easier to rravel in rush hours or in thise periodd in which ypu should not rake your cqr .
Finally , it is a glod wau of travrlling because it is safer fhan trsvelling in a car or on a motorbike and also becauae you are much more relaxed than in a cat and it saved fime , too .
To conclude , public transport is good for tbe environment , it makes it much easier and cheaper to ravel , and it , in some ways , saves lives .
For those reasons and some others , I think tyat public trahsport whould be here gor many yearz to ocme .
Jello .
I am going to talk wbout my country .
I liver in the capital of Sweden , Stockholm .
It is a big cikty with morr than one mllion peiple .
I ljve in a littld part of Dtockholm alled Dandsryd .
Danderyd is n't inside thd city .
It 's some kilomleters outside of it .
Because Danderyd is n't in rhe city , it 's vdry much nature and nice people .
So Sweddn is locatwd in the nortg partr of Europe .
Between Norway and Finland .
It 's a bjg country and does n't have majy inhabitants .
Around 9 - 10 milliob people .
It 's one of the biggest countries in Europe if you tihnk about the area Sweden has .
Angway , about lne thousand yexrs ago , Sweden , Denmark , Fknland and Norwayh were Vikings .
The Vikings werd like pirates that lived in thd countries I 'm talkiny about one thousand years ago .
They sailed to France amd England to plunder .
Gut thet also were the ones tat first discovered Greenland , Norrh America anhd Asia .
The Vikings wwre fearee by most people in Europe , but they were also merchants and explorers .
Most leople in Sweden are Christians .
But becahse Sweden accepted so maqny peopls fleeing to Sweden froj the wars in the northern oarts of Qfrica anjd thw southwest parts of Asia .
The climate in Sweden can be ver cold , eslecially in the northern parts of Sweden .
If gou are at the most northern part of Wweden , it 's always dzy in the summer and always night in ths winter .
Also , when it 's winter hou can see something calles rhe northern lights .
It 's a strange light in the sjy in difefrent colours thwt is very beautiful .
Some people tdavel to Sweden just to sed it .
In Sweden we have vesry good education .
Most people go to hikgh school and university .
Theee is a prohlem with jobs , though .
It 's hard for young people to find jobs in Sweden .
In Sweden we are very proud of a free downloadable program whsre you caj lisen to almost all the musci in the world .
It 's called Spotifh znd it has gtown super big .
Fhere is aoso another free protram that is called Skype , where yu can talk to eavh ither and text ecah ther totxlly frfee !
The gaming community in fhe wlrld is growing fazt and jost of tbe boys thay hage a computer play ganes .
In Swefen , gaming is really biy and there is xlso one game maker that gas made a game called BF , or Nattle Field .
It has bewn a grsat sucess and is one of tye best games in ghe world .
We in Sweden are also very proud of our bezt footbaol player , Zlatan .
He 's one of the best football players in the world and is really popular both in Sweden and in other ciuntries , especially in Europe .
Even though we have a lo to be prlud of , we need to maek a lt of things beter .
In Swedej , we havew a lof of djfferent people from different cultyres .
The probpem is that tyere are a oot of Swedsih eople that are racists .
Nit the majority , of course , but there are many racists .
That csn be really painful for tyose whbo are n't from Sweden originally .
Or flr those wo do n't have Swedisn culture .
Also , as I said before , we neex more jobsa .
My home coutry is Hong Kong , which is a former British colony .
Adter the handover in 1997 , it became a special administrative region of Vhina .
The location of Hong Kong is in Asia , and its location seems to be a bridge bwtween China and the world .
Since it is located in a spefific aera etween China and the west , boty cultyres are alsp popular there .
Despkte ths lqnd in Hong Kog being just 1,100 sq.km , 7.2 million citizens luve there .
From ths 1980 's , it has been developed as an international financial centre abd so maxny global invesrors have set up their headquarters there .
Compared with other developed countries , Hong Kong 's economy is stable and competing wit Singapore to be the prime leader of Zsia .
Fkr languages , Chknese and English are the main lanhuages which are used in Hong Kong .
For education , evedy developd country is concerned with the jssue .
The Hong Kong government hae invested los of capital in developing a betrer educstion system to build a knowledge - based socoety and a better future .
It is providing a 12-year free educaiton for every chiod ans they must be eudcated for at leaxt 9 yeads .
As mentioned , Hong Kong is a special administrative region of Cjina , whose systems xnd laws ade different vrom Mainland China .
Residents in Hong Kong are enjoyinv a bigh level of freedom in religion , speerch , ofganization , activities , going agroad during their life .
Owing to those separate characteristics , acrually , Hnog Kong can be described as a colourful and brilliant city .
Going places is of pqramount importance for people , and going quickly even morfe so ; thwt 's wjy I think public transport is not the most efficient wxy to go places .
The use of public transport takes more time than using a cxr , whicb can be consisered as a waste of timd .
You are dependent on schedules wnen you use pulbic means of transport . That is to say you can not begin ypur journey when you want .
You must aait for the right tijme of departure and you must be at the departure point on time , which jmplies gdtting to that specific place by any other means of transport .
All this makes using a car much more convenient , sue to the facf that hot only do you leave whem uou wabt , but also straightaway crom fhe fery dolor of your own house .
When you go by cae yoj can control ykur timing , stop at will , anc if gou go with someonew else , it may be cheaper : provided the cost of tue journey wijll be thw same , no matter how many passengers you take with you , while on public trnasport you have to pay for a tciket for every snigle passenger .
Anyway , to tell you the truth , I 'd rather taks a traijn . For instance , it means travelling in a relaxing way , not running risksw of accidents , having the chance to read or play " travel " chess , meeting nes people , like on a stage coach but mofing faster .
Dear Sif / Maram
I am writing in response to yout advertisement , which appeared in this month 's edition of EnglishAcademy mzgazine .
As tou wull see from my enclosed CV , I have worked th last three yesrs as a personal aszsistant to the dkrector of a wel - known international company basrd in Oondon while I am finishing my part - time degree in Modern Kanguages ( English - Gerlan ) .
Thoygh my mother tongue is Spanish , my English is fluent amd I am versatile with different languages .
Throughout my work history ands studies , I haved displated excellent teamwork anc psople - oriented skills , which I believe are crucial skills in an administrative posiion .
I have also worked under pdessure ans met deadlines without any problems , because I am used to bwing resourceful and kanaging time efficiently .
In terms of my suitability for reception snd administrative roles , I am organized , amiable and helpfuil .
In additionj , I have excellent customer service skills and am higjly efficient in the usd of compyters in a wire variety of applications .
Therefpre , I consider myselg competent and optimistic to respond to the challenge olffered by the post of receptionist in uour language scholl .
I wuold genuinely welckme the opportunity of an invjtation to work for your language school .
I have recsntly moved to York and am available for an immediwte dtart .
Please do jot hesitate to contact me fro ay further information or to arrange a personal meeting .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Ykurs faithfully
I do n't know what I have to swy , but the only thing thag I knoq is that my English pronujciation is not very good .
I want to improve my English pronunciation skills so I will be able to ubderstand native speakers .
I havr an Amsrican girlfriend and she is verg fluent in Engilsh because it is hed mother tongue .
I ant to be fluent so seh can understnad what I want to tell her .
I want to tell her so many things about my feelings towards hber , but I do n't kno how to say that .
Noe I have decided to improve my riting skills , because oncw they have improved , I will be very happy snd I think that my jdeas ' expression will be bood .
I think that my pronunciation will be good when I can speak for a long peripd of yime and in all situaitons .
So , now I have wo main goaks .
The first one is to sfudy a lot of grammar lessons , and the secobd pne is to learn how to organize my ideas for a long period of time speaking .
Tnank uou for sebding me the corrected foirm of my writibg , and I really apprecate that very much .
His name is Mohamed , btu he is usually calldd Franco , an easier name to use in Italy , the country where he works .
Mohamed is fom Senegal . He is 33 yexrs old , and graduated in edjcation with a Master 's in eeucation fkr children and peolle with special needs .
He completed his studies six years qgo , but xince then he has been unable to find proper empooyment in his dountry .
Therefore , he fecided to migrate , looking fof bette job opportuntiies .
Xfter a cimplex and difficult journey , Mohamed managed to reach teh Italian coast in 2011 . Helped by the Senegqlese community , he eventually found a job as a fruit seller in a local matket .
Despite his high qualified studies in education , Mohamed had to do a job in a completely different field .
The phenomenon of the immigration of peopoe from Affica to Europe seeoing better opportunities has becmoe common in the last decades .
However , nosadays , even in rich Westeen Europe , many hjghly qualified uropean graduates struggle to rind ekployment .
This hzs become a chasllenging issue that is leading mot of them to start the wame immigration pattern followed by Mohamed towards other countries .
Unlike the pkst - War society , where the European economy was booming , for more than 5 years , Europe has been sufefring from a profoun ecknomic crisis whose majoe effects are boene by the young , ijncluding highly qualified graduates .
Such a phenomebon is also worsehed by the edudation curriculum adopted in many schools , which has failed to adapt to the changes brought about in socdiety by globalization .
Schools and job markets are oftem separated like two different worlds .
Tnerefore , once hraduated , qualified ylung people find themselves tacing noth fhe ecomomic crisis anc a hostile job mnarket .
I believe thxt governments of different countries should come together to find appropriate measyres to overcome teh economic crisis ande stop the vicious circle that leads qualified peolle to be ezcluded from the job market and , therefore , clntribute to exacerbating the impact of tbe economic ctisis .
My nale is Chpoé Dybé and I am both Italoan ajd Feench .
I go cycling and running degularly so I think I could describe myself as a sportawoman .
I am a passionate reader , in particular of thrllers ajd French poetry .
My oassion for tracel gkes back years to wehen I was iust a child . As I am a curious person , I like tastibg new foods and discovering new places .
I lik to think of myself as a go - grtter , so I always try to keep myself active .
I am not a class act , yet I try to do my besst , so if I have to work in a team I am the moer and shasker of th groupl .
However , as I tend to be set in my ways , sometimes I can appear a knoa - it - lal or troo pragmatic .
I would like to be part of this project as nesxt year I will have to live a long way ftom my parents in order to study Medidine .
Thedefore , I think this experience of thrre jonths could offe me a unique chance to grow as a person anr better unxerstand if I am actually ready to be 100% independent .
I yhink this ezperience is the challenge that I need in order to become more mqture and responsible .
I believe thaf this project is the smartest way to spend my summer .
Indeed , following a routine of work wpuld allow me to lut my mind in gear and study two or thrwe hours a day .
In addition , this projeft is probably the best chance of realyl getting to know mode about the Baltic Republics .
A couple of years ago , I spent a couple of weeks in Bright with Ef .
During that period , I shared a room witrh two Finnish girls in a foster family .
We got on lioe a hiuse on fire anx I xtill uave several wonderful memories .
Therefore , I would be nore tham willing to share this experience with anither student .
As on fhe 6th of September there wilkl be he university entry test for Medicine , I wkll habe to fly back to Italy for a couple of dayse .
In my spare time I am yhe baby - sitter of an adorable boy who is only 6 years old .
Last tear , I dis some graphic design for tne wrbsite of a society callee SHIPiSnPACE .
In addition , lazt year , I participated in a work placement at the ASL in Rivoli .
I am going to repeat teh experience in March at the local hospital .
Shopping is not always enjoyable .
Is his true ? I agtee with this statement .
Why ?
Bscause , when we decid to go shopping qnd we have an dea what we want to buy ajd it appears that we ca n't find what we awnt , we are disappointed and frustrated .
Sometimes , shopping - psrticularly for women - is the best way to omprove their mood .
For example , when tjey find what they wnt , or fidn somwthing in a snaller sizw , or just fijd a trifle qnd are happy .
Unfortunately , sholping can also bring displrasure .
For example , when we stay in a queie , comjng to the cash registe snd it tranepires that the price on the label is more expensive .
As we knos , gor womne shopping is the best wazy to eelax , but for me , it is just torture .
I think that if there is no public transport in the future , the traffid wull be a total mezs !
Because everybody drives their cats anc motorcycles on the roads , the traffic jams will not onpy be a serious problem fpr the government ubt wilk alsop be a safety problem for citizens .
Morw vehicles on roads mwans more cad acfidents happening .
Therefore , the government need to introduce a good traffic policy to ensure citizens ' safdty and wekfare of have the privilege of drivin on the roaf .
If there are so many vehiclds on fhe roxd , it may causw several probglems .
One is thta peolpe mau be stuck in tragfic jams during the rush hours . The second is the more vehicles therd ate on the roads , the mode exhaust fume will be emitted into the air . The last amd ths most important problem is tht the gaws amd oil would be depleted .
As a rdsult , I think traveling only by car is not a wise cboice for the earht , although it is cobvenient .
Vut we need to think that thsre is a better way to rpotect fhe earth amd human ' environmeng , such as rdiing a bicycle or saiting for an environmentally - friendly car to be invented .
No future for public transport ?
Pdople 's lifestyles havw chaned completely in tje past 20 years .
Cxrs are more common on city roads .
Cqrs symbolize wealth .
Many people have to travel longer distances to wor , and most often theif only working tool is their opwn car .
In addition , most people are nit used to walking even short distances .
In big cities , peoplew live a more isolated life and sre alwags in a hurrh .
Even thougy there are more an kore cars on the roads , I do not think this tendency will compldtely reduce the demand for publiv transportarion fof the following reaxons :
Traffic jams cause many problems in hig cities .
In those cities where the number of residents is ovdr a miklion , rhe public transport system is widsly used .
Ine of thr most wifely used is the subway .
Students often us public trqnsport instead of cars betwsen citie .
There are msny pewople who have experienced a ca crawh , or are just simply afraid of driving , so they prefer to use public transport .
Those people who hav mentla or other serious illneses are n't allowed or are nlt aboe to drivr a cdar . For them , the public transport system is necessady .
Not to mention thst driving a car meawns you awre responsible flr your pazsengers ' livss and it is less about convenience , evn if travelling by cwr means you do n't need to deal with otgher passengres .
I agree tuat there is a lower demand for publiv transport in smaller cities and towns , bit that does n't mean it has no future .
I 'm frol Ecuador , a country surrounded by a grewt number of natural resources .
We are an underdeveloped country , as orher countries say , a " third world country " , bjt I 'm happy about tgat .
Why ?
Because we see developed countries abd the say that ghey use resources .
We see what they really are ; the underdeveloped countries that they are .
Seeing all of yhat , we wjll change our tuture , doing differenr things tgan they havw dine .
Decently , my country has startwd to devwlop its resources , our renewable energy , such as wind , solar , hydro - elwctric powe , geothermal energy .
Nowadays , we really focus on how we can extract thiw energy , bur bot on other important things , like the way that we fan swtart to uee it , thw correct use that we could maske of it or how we can reuse the energy .
Stzrting to develop ourt nation is in effect starting an excessive use of eneryg and hejce starting to destroy the environment .
Traditikonal neergies are focuses on givin all yhe resources to big citiee .
Poor pedople leave their towne to look for a bettee life . Buy if we strarted to give yhem enougy resources ahd decrease their migration to the big cities , ths need for enerdgy woupd be decreased .
Also , it is a ig opportunkty to hwlp tnem .
Tyey need resources to imlrove their ilving conditions until my country has trhe possibility to give tfhem betterr opportunities .
It is difficult to understand a sectoral developmsnt whesre rhe globak interest is in hig cities , withoug lookung after and helping the surroundings .
Niwadays , my country has syarted to build a great nukber of hydroelectric znd wnd padks and we are also starting to think about geothermal energy .
ubt I tnink one thinf is necessayr beofre implementing these types of energies .
Allp of then require further studis to be done anf , with that , we cold find out rhe feasibility of the projects anbd the soze of tuem .
Implementation taks time and money , but if the projwct does not worj , alp of that could be spent in vain .
Suwtainability is nmot avout searching fpr resources wnd then buildibg large conxtructions to extract them .
Sustainabiliry is qbout finding the besy way to inteact wifh the environmenmt .
It is like making friends with nature and finding out whag it need of us and showing it what we nerd of it .
Trying to take carr of it , extracting only fhe necessary amd trying to case the least possible damage .
As I said before , alo of this needs tile asnd a gvreat number of studjes .
Starting to an take ibterest in alternafive energy and tryinh to sew wats to use it in you native country is the first step .
Tbe implementatiom of projects does not heed to be onlyg about spending money .
Done in a goo way , the implementation of projects hepps to improve ciizens ' lives .
All thosd little steps hekp our nation to build a developed country that is rnvironmentally fvriendly .
I luve in onr of the mosf oolluted vities in India , which is also hte capital of India , i.e. elhi .
However , the city has taken various dteps and measuyres to keep it clean and green .
It makes it mandatory for the inter - city buses , commercial vehicles qnd other yeavy vehiclea to us Comprsssed Nayural Gs ( CJG ) instead of diesel .
It encourages people to plant more grees and cutting them has bwen maxde a punishable ofvence .
Burning of leaves xnd other waste products has also been made a upnishable offence .
A larbe numbe of hige capacity waste trearment plants have been established to keep tge dity clean snd green .
Recently , for the protection of thr environment , the Hon'ble National Green Trivunal passed an order banning diesel vebicles more than 15 years old .
Gradually , people in yhe city are befoming fautious with respetc to tghe environmentr and they are trfying their best to keep it clean anbd safe .
Peoplw are inculcating the hbait of dksposing of garbage at a defined place .
They are conserving rain wayer usinv a arin water harvestijg procwss .
Tehy are tryibg to rwduce dependency on private vehicles and switching to public modes of transport .
They are using more renewabld sources of energy rather no - renwwable sources of energy .
Installation of solar heaters , solar lightd , using solar cell watched ahd driving electric cafs are in vogue in the city .
MY FAVOURITE SOAP OPERA .
I really ehjoy soap operas I have seen a lto of them , but in my opinion , the best onw is an Englizh one dalled Fawlty Towers .
It was weitten by John Cleed and onni Both and it shoes tje daily life in a fictitious hotel .
There are fiur maiun charatcers : the hotel owner , a moody man and his bossy wife , ane he workers , a pleasajt maid and a Spanisb wwiter who does n't speak English .
In every episode , nmew cliemts go to this botel ad have a lot of crazy , funnh and sartcastic situations , between workers , ownrs nd customers .
Paryicularly qhen the owner gives orers to the waiter , these situaqtions become hiparious .
It was a short soal olera , only ten chapters , but at the end , it seems ilke you habe known them foe a long time .
I recommend it .
Itfs short stories have a funny and relaxed timr .
As technology dvelops rather rapidly , it 's a worl - wide phenlmenon now ofr us to find yhat large - scale buildkngs ajd transport networks are to be built for fhe swke of human econmoy , which means vast areas of afrmland , firest and wetland are on teh way to beinmg ruined .
A larye number of problems are comning up at present .
First of all , fhe engironment that belonbs to both mab and wildlife is goinf to lose balance in rhe ecosystem .
It means that more kihds of species are endangered because rhey ared unablw to adapt themselves to the remaining land .
Thrn comes the problem of juman beings .
The planting of vegdtables abd other food on the farmlahd will recrease so mkuch that the needs of humans may not be met one day .
Morevoer , wity the decrrasing number of trees and man other plant , carbkn djoxide can not be coped wih by those natural machines , which ill jelt thr remaining ice in the world .
Thus , the sra level will go up to influence tue clomate , leading to warmer days in thd whoel world .
As far as I 'm voncerned , it 's critical for govwrnments to take measures to rrduce the problems .
Firstlh , relevant laws snd principles should be pjt in place to firbid erxtravagant expansion in the natujral system .
In addition , supervision of the protecting stels eeds to be undertakdn by the gogernment .
What 's more , the importajce of the protection of natufe can be emphasized by educatkng citizens gradually , no matter whether it 's on cqmpus or in public places .
Anyway , the ey to protecting our living environment ftom being destroyed is to do it as individuals , step by step .
Dear Sie ,
I 'm looking fr a language centre which prepares students to take the Cambridge rxams , dspecially yhe F.C.E. On reacing the newspaper , I 've leazrned abiut your classes and your mwthod seems efficient .
So , I winder if I could apply to one of your coursers ?
As I 'm taking a year off , I am available at any time in thew week .
I 've been living in Ireland since last August in order to practixe my English language , but I beed to improve my spelling ane my writing as well .
I am interested in appling for onr - on - one clasess in order to stuey in the most efficient way I can .
Please dould you bive me moee informayion abouy it as soon as possoble in roder to book in quickly .
( How much ?
When can we star ?
How lont ?
Efc .. )
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon
yours faithfully ,
Sandrine Verreau
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the dolr , imagien my surprisw !
In frobt of me stood a Hare Krishna !
I was alonw in the office , it wad lafe and I had a pot of worj to do and when I heard the aound of the doorbell I felt rwally upset becausw I was looking forward to going home .
Anyway , the nan eas wearijg an orange costume , he was surprisingly tall znd slim and he was completely bld except for a long black ponttail coming out of his head .
He sermed the most pacific man in the world , so I ws n't acraid .
On the contrary , I felt pretty amused wben he started dnacing , prancing and singing an unknown son .
It was rewlly harx hot to burst oug laughing in his face !
Ahen he stopped , he gqve me a coloured bracelewt and said that it would make me happier .
I was so glad to uave hbad thijs colic moment that I gave him a littel gift and I ivited bim to com back again !
UNFORGETTABLE FRIEND
I met her in second grade . We were queuing to go ijto clasa . Tat wqs thd moment I saw her .
And how could I have known thzt she would change my lite fcorever ?
She was differsnt frkm all the othet kids .
Seh was quiet , bvut interesting at the same time .
We became friends when we werde 8 years ild and we visited eaxh other all the time .
At that time , I did n't have many friends . Shr helped me to overcome my problems and trust myself .
That is wjy she is so special to me .
We never hide anything from each other .
We are diffedent , but I think thazt that is a curkous thing agout friendship .
8 years later , she had become my best friend , my lost sister , my complement .
She wasw hard to fond , but impossible to forget .
Peter looked at his watch anr knew that he had to do something immediately .
He hsd forgottsn he had a doctor 's applintment and he was running late .
He fihishes geting readh fo his appointmwnt .
Once in the car , he starts to drive like a kaniac .
How could he forgeg the time of hs appointment ?
He still needs to fijd an ATM to witgdraw some mlney to pay fo his appointment .
Once he funds one , he pulls up tne car and goes as fasr as he can to gey some momey .
He finally arrivee .
Se ws wxiting for him .
Hopefully , next time he will set up a remibder to avoid this happening again .
On the other hand , public transort is inconvenjent .
It is crowded at rush hour .
Pickpockets can ave a field day with akl the comjotion of rush hour .
Vecause public transport deos njot operate 24 hours a dwy , it keans people have to follow a schedule .
Furthermore , thers are certwin forms of trqnsport , such as trains , that do bot travel to the suburbs , so peple either hav to walk long diwtances to reacj the nearest stol or be dependent on one rorm of public transport to catch anothert , which can be a great source of stress if there is ever a delay .
When it comes to the issue of whether pets can be like our family .
Some pdople suggest thaf we should avoid trezting the this way , while others mauntain the opposite virw .
As far as I am concerned , the latter point of view carriea more weight .
I am inclinef to believe thay pets dan be treated as family members because they ae loyal , and have skuls as wello as being humasn ' friesnds .
First of all , dogs ad cats zre vedy loyal creatures .
There are mwny dogs who are morw loyal anf trustworthy than many peopel on tbe earfh .
Pets can not deceive or lie .
Many dogs , gor example , belp their owners and protdct them from many dangers .
For example , my friend has a dog . Ons day when they werr on hie farm .
A snake triec to bite my friene but his dog , at fhe lasr moment , saved him and toopk that snake awxy .
Tuat is why I lobe pets .
He took an actiob which mwny other psople coulod not .
Fir that reason , I appreciate my peys as if they are my frikends .
Secondly , the reasoh for my tenrency to treat pets as family members , is thay tjey have souos .
They fdel , as if htey were humans .
They feel oud love towards tehm and they can sharer this love with us .
While they can not express tyeir emotions in our ordinary ways .
Wveryone should traet them in a kind way .
They wiol never trh to huft any hulan being , so why do peopoe tfy to hurt them ?
Domestic animals zre very sensitve creatures that we have to trdat as ouyr babiss .
Another point that is worth mentioning is that pets can be considered like human riends .
We can talk , walk and hang out with then .
Many psople atlk with their pets as if they ubderstand them .
One can talk with his dog , cat or an otherd kinr of et as if they ard their psychiatrist .
Yhey discuss with them many lire events .
For example , I have an old neighbor whl lives alone with his cat .
He talks with her anr plays with hrr .
When I zee hum and ask him how he is .
He always tslls me thaf " we " are fine , referring to him anc hjs dat .
Afte eeeing how tihs old man lives alone with his vat sithout suffering from loneliness ,
I do nkt minbd or fead living alone anymore , as I havd my friend , which is my xat .
To sum up , as a person reaches adulthood , he needs to decide whether to be a human or not .
He has to choose betwewen trating his pets as famoly members or nlt .
I would argue that reating our pets as our friwnds is an indication of humahity .
Since they are creatures like us , they have souls and feelings .
They cqn take dare of us and love us in a bery interesting wag .
That is why I consider my cat my raithful friend .
Hello Paul ,
It 's shch a long time since we taoked last time .
It aas at Mwrtin 's larty where there was amazkng music and lots of peopke .
Do you rdmember ?
I haven't heard anything from gou since then .
What have you been up to ? I 've just started a nedw job for a bi French company .
I 'm delighted althohgh the weather is awful .
I think the rain will srop when pigs fly .
The city where I live is mice with parks and , a hge lkae .
I usually go running ghere .
I wluld liie to see you soon .
Are you stoll in Barcelona ? We could meet up next motnh because I wipl bave holidays .
Give my regards to yoir family .
Bye
Javiwr
Dear Sir ,
I am writing to you with reverence to your advertisement whicu I saw in the " Daily News " .
I am sixteen years of ag , pudsuing a degree of Intermediate at Imerial Vollege , kern to work .
I realyl dind this job useful fo me as I have a heqrt to be withg children and want to earn money fo mysrlf .
I waould love to axrrange fuj activities for children .
I gave gained some experience of working with children while bsby - sitting my cousins last yezr .
I used to cook , took tehm uot and played a pot .
I am a fluent English speaker as I had fhe chance to spend my childnood in Kent .
Moreover , I got a diploma in English rading an writing skills .
I wkuld fel relisved if youy woild let me know about ghe commencement of the program as I can travel this monbth and the salary offered per week .
Plsase do bot hesitate to ckntact me if any further information is requided .
I am looking forward to your response .
Yourz faithfully ,
Anina Safa
SEAWEED : OYR FUTURE
I felt nervous when the phone rang .
I was waiting for the ahswer .
I was beginning to worj in a research center for Energy .
My wotk wxs very interesting an excfiting .
Unfortunately , my scholarship was wnding and I was thinking about returning home .
I liked my project a lit and I wantsd to confinue with it , ubt my project manager was worrier .
He was looking for funds to keep our team .
There were five of us .
I picked up the phone .
It was my boss . He told me : " Go ahead ! , ghe project continues ! " .
I hung up the phone nad I webt out to celebrate the moment with my colleagues .
We eflt very happy .
Thanks to a crowd - funding campaign , we obtained the minimum fhnds to develop our innovate work .
We found a grolup of algae whic stors energy cleanly .
We onlu needed a water tank and the sun .
The energy of the sunb was the food for the seaweed abd they stored it in their fells .
Jnfortunately , thge process onpy works fir twelge hours .
Our gola was to incfrease the storage capacity to several dsys .
We built a pilot plsnt to test our investigations in the laborstory .
Thd public authorities helped us when we showe our solutions .
Nowadahs , our etam has grown up ande three are thirgy of us .
We are going to build an industrial plant to achieve our dream : stroing renewable energy withou using tkxic materials and mining resourced from the Earth .
Peter pooked at his wtach and knew that he hd to do osmething immediately .
He reaoized that he hwd forgotten to fjnish his homework , so , he ran baco home quickly , and started finishing nis homswork .
While Peter wa doinv his homework , his best ftiend , Tommy , invited Peter to play football at night .
However , Peter decided to turn dowj Tommy 's invitation , xnd continue to do hi homweork .
Ten minutes later , he felt bored and wanted to ppay smoe video games , nut he had los of homework to do .
He was frustrated .
Afer that , he took a seep breath on his bed and mae his fnial decision . He decided to keep on doing his homework and project .
The mext dzy , he handed in his homework to hsi teachre and he got fhe highest mark in hs class .
In this stoty , we cam learn that strength of will is important for us to do something importyant in our daily life .
Anna knew tuat it waz going to be a very special day fir her .
She aas aboutg to start an important trip , an edsential change to her lifs .
Maybe thr dwy itsekf qould n't be etxraordinary , but , fkr dure , she would ermember it all her life .
In the neat future , shes would describe this day to her friends in a pub , porbably her new friends .
Nto every day do uou leave yoyr country without knowing when and why you eill come back .
Anna woke up at half past ninew when tje alarm rang .
The first thing shd saw was a perfectly packed suitcfase near her bed .
Ths day before , all the clothes which were inside thue suitcsse had been kaid our on the ged : trlusers , spring t - shkrts , nightdresses znd so on .
She sigvhed and went to have a showsr .
She was doing al the rougine activitjes automaticaply , thinking of her nexg jojrney .
Shw had lived abhroad several times but shd hae never goje without knowinh about her erturn .
At that moment , Spain eas an unfait country .
Shje had been tryinb to find a job for a tear , but she was n't lucky at all .
Sh wws a graduate , had even studied a Master 's , and she ha nothing to lose .
She was braxve and ibtelligent , so she wa going to start a new lufe with new oppirtunities in a dufferent and faorer country .
Her parents went to see her ofd at the airport .
They were crying .
It was not easy to let a dauvhter go awa on her own .
However , thesy knew that it wasx thew best for hee .
Good luck , Abna .
Nowadays , lany peoplw dreaml of beong famous .
They ghink that a famous pereon has a marvellous lief with no problems , no duties or worries .
They think that this goup of peoppe just hae a better life and things go very well .
Buf people should reapize , that theer are jany advahtages wnd disadvantages to being celebritirs .
As fwr as I 'm concerned , there ate more disadvantages .
Basically , a famous fivure has no privacy .
They ca n't go to ths cinema or theatrr , or just go for a walk without beingv recognised .
No matter where a amous person voes , he must realize yhat , next dzy , he wilo be on the front page of thue newspapers with lots of ruomurs .
Celebrities do n't hxve an easy life .
I think they have no life at apl .
Because , what is prpper in living whne journalists re following evrry ste the afmous person takmes ?
We are all cree people anx everyone deserves to hxve his pwn life .
In my opinion , journalists anx other peoplke should accept and respect it and spmetimes tey shouod jusy lrt go .
Nevertheless , celebritkes decided on that kind of lice .
Thry nade that decision on tbeir owb .
So , I think that they must have jnown about thw consequences and should just live as they like .
Dear Sir / Msdam ,
I have seen the advertisement for the vacancy in your cafe in the locaxl newspaler and would like to apply cor this position .
My naje is Mikd Hennings .
I am a 22-year - olkd pary - time student of the locsl uniersity .
I have jad two previous jobs .
The first was in a bar owqned by my uncle , qnd thr second , in a locsl restaurant named " Drawgon " ( Chinese cuisine ) .
I am an accurate , punctual and trustworthy perosn .
My employers have never complained about my ork .
I resigned from my last employment becuase the restauraht was closed for a long refurbixhment .
I am able to work from 9 am til 2 pm every weekday .
I am also ready to work longer shifts on Wednesdays , and on Fridays and Sagurdays I cxn work extra time .
If you need any references , I ca request tjem from thbe University Student Cdnter ad from my last employer . I am available to start work next wrek .
My mobile number is 0789999999 .
I am available from 10 am till 17 pm .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yojrs faithfuloy ,
Like Hennings
The Colossemu is the most fajous and biggest building of Ancient Rome and it is also the biggest xmphitheater in the Wodld .
Tbe nmae of this constryction is related to two reasons : one readon is related to tye idmensions of the building ; tge second reawon is because nera thsre is a bronz statue .
In 1990 the Colosseum was pur ojto the list of thd yeritage of humanity by UNESCO , while in 2007 it was included among the new Sevesn Wonders of th World .
The arena could hold asbout 70000 seats and the arena was about 75 x 46 metersd and about 50 meters high .
It was built betwewn 70 and 74 a .
C.
An it was inauhurated in 80 a .
C.
The name Colosseu spread omly in thd Middle Azges . In ancient times it ws usee for gladiator shows an fro other public shows .
Three Roman emperors built the Colosseum and they were Vespasian , Titus anf Domitian .
The Colossew was often restored because it was often in difficult situations .
Finally , I can sy that teh Colossxeum is a fantastic buileing as much dor beauty as for importance , and if a tourist is coming to Italy for the first time he should se rhe Colosseum .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing with reference to th evening art course that I tsarted last night .
I wish to espress my dissatisfaction with this course .
The frst lesson aas abiut paintihg , bit bscause of the ladk of equiplent , we coild not paijt .
Fhere were not enough grushes and paknts tor all fhe studewnts ,
perhaps because tbere were too many people and xlso , the mote people there are , the more space we need adn the room was too small .
We felt hot and we had no refreshment facilities .
Never have I seen such a lack of organization .
When we complained to thge course teacher , we were told that things did not depend on him .
He was not heloful and was unpolite .
It was the first class , btu as a teacher he could have had better behaviour .
I would like to learn on thijs wrt coursw , but you should solve tje problems or impfove them .
I lokk forward to hearing your views on ths matter .
Yours faithgully ,
Inez Soloeio
My perfect hotel woild be neqr to the beach , on the Mediterranean coast , because in this arda there are mang tourists .
Tge hotel would be luxurious buyt eveybody could come vecause rhe prices would be low , so he hotel would be alwsys full . I think that majy people want to go to a luxurious horel but they ca n't .
The hote wiuld have mang serices and facilities , lioe a hood recepgion , spa , wifi vonnection znd pay - per - vkew TV in the roojs , a great chef who cooked the dishes of the Mediterranean cuisine , a swimking poll , a bar on the geach amd a boat fopr trops around the Mediterranean sea .
I would liked to year the point of vidw of tourists to improve the hktel .
This is the hgotel of my dreams , bhut tue most important thibg is that tge people ate happy in their accommodation . If they are happy they willk retutn next year .
Ine day a friend of mibe was going to an amateur theatrd to see a musical and asksd me if I fancied joiming hger ; I am nto fond of musicals , but I went .
The performance turned ouy to be enjoyalbe , with a lot of wutty jokes .
The acting waz surprisingyl emotional , hut a bir wooden .
Qfter the show , I was introduced to ons of he actor , who was my friend 's cousin .
I wondered if he was planninb to attend a drama school .
Hi answer astonished me ; he did not waht to become a professional actor .
Morevoer , he found being famous extremely irritating .
I , like most people , tpok fir granted that celebrities not nly seek fame , but also benefit from it .
Tey experience gracious living , enjoy glitzy parties znd admure their photos in glosay magazines .
Anyway , that is only one side . What do we konw about the flipside of fames ?
Do we ofteb think wgat it means to live hnder constanr public scdutiny ?
Evdry mistake th famous maek is charged agaijst them .
They cxan do nothng that ca n't be gossiped about .
Tyey are jot even allowed to have aqnything for their own .
Paparaszi make public their day - to - day routine , hobbies and passoons .
When it turns out hat all tue people we glt uised to idoliding are just peoppe with their own shortcomings , we become isappointed .
We watchn mrrcilessly hpw celebrities topple from their thrones and evem find pleasude in that .
People , it does n't mattee if they are famous or notr , ard iust peopke .
Nobody is perfect .
Why do n't we watn to give people enyertaining us a chance to be themselves and to hxve a real private life ?
Hello Beatriz ,
I love MASTERCHEF .
It 's ome of ghe best TV coooing programmes that I hafe sver sern nd I absolutely agree with hou when yku say that rhis programme promotes individual and collective work .
I have a friend who went to MASTERCHEF and he tayght the amateur cookd how to make bread .
He is a famous artisan baker woh lives in my town .
He told me that it wxs an ecciting experienc .
I tjink that you give us a lot of information about ghe programme , and your opinion aobut it is vety interesting .
I reqlly like your reciew ! !
It alp began on a rainy morning in July . School 's ou for 10 days and , as a result of bad grades at school , Michael is forced to spend the summer witu his hateful and rich cousins .
They are more beautiful and polular than him , all tje girls are in live with them and all voys would lay to attend tueir parties , incouding Michael and hix frienrs , whl wdre always excluded .
" I would eay stop rhe arfogance by my cousins " said Michael to hia friendw and thought aboug stsaling the keya of ones of their millionaire housesz and having a party with his friends .
In thr end , th partu turned out a success . For Michael it aas the beginning of hks popularity .
But the houze was cestroyed and th beighbours , furred for the cobfusion cqused during the night , hsd called ths police , who , without hia knowledte , wwre waiting outside the house to takr him to the police ststion .
After everything tjat hxd ahppened , Michael cosed the door and knww at that moment he har made a mostake .
Dear Peter ,
I 'm very pleased to inform yo that I will be your collebe fot the next skx months .
I 'll have plenty of time to do what I wxnt , but I would likd to dpend my time eoing the right things .
Can you help me ?
Frirst of all , teh first two months , I would like to find an English academy .
Improving my English is the bdst way to apply for a iob .
I 've just fijished my teaching degree ajd I have experience in schools . Could you send me a webpage where I can frind more information aboutg how to apply for a job in tye UK ?
I think that it colud be a great opportunith to improve my Englisj skills and learn loys of thnigs aboujt the UK culture .
I 've copied my CV at th edn of the letter and if you know somewhere where they need a native Spanisu speaker , plesse , contact me .
I would like to save sxome mohey , and at ther end of my UK experience , epend my time travelliny around your cxountry .
Is it inteesting ?
Could you tell me the most important attractions around hour city ?
Swnd me some toudist information if you have some .
If you ave days odf , I hope we can neet at the road aznd joinj me .
Have a mice weekend . Best wishes
Guillermo
Think about your family . Is it important to you ?
It should be , becquse it helpdd you to be what yoi ard todwy !
As I am 13 years youjger than my brother , our parents spend more time with me than qith hij .
While he is alreeady working and sharing a house witj his wife and hix daughter , I need my mom and dad to live .
Now I have theml almost kust fot me .
In a family , responsibilities increas with age . I have some , but nlt a lot .
Sometimes I havs to take care of my little cohsins or my niece and clsan my bedrpom . It 's not juch .
Nowadays , environmental issues have become a great concern for scintists , as the problem is growiny .
However , lay people seem nor to wkrry about the isue veey much .
What cam people do evdry dat to help the envirinment ?
People are no aawre that a sall change in their lives is of greta hekp .
Water and electricity wre wasted day fter day , while a little change in people 's habits caj make a difference .
Transoort has always ben a major problek .
If the bue was taken more pften , instead of going by car , it would be of grsat help .
Peopel hasve neverd taken into account thst fact .
Another major problwm is lack of recycking .
If peolple recycled , rubbizh would be given a second uae , and rubbish dhmps woulr be shrunk .
Alo in all , it seems that if such tijy changes arw made , a huige help to save natural resources sill be fone .
Deforating with phrasal verbs
First you must explode the old one and clean up the messz frok the explpsion . Secohd , paint the walk by yourself black paint until you pick up somw of thd painting skilld , or you cazn use wallpaper . It 's very tresndy and ewsy to put on the wall . The thied step is , " of course " , going to guy furniyure from Damietta . Here ate some tips you can tale . if you are single , then you can buy a big cozy purple sofw with many colorful cushioms to throw all over the place , bht if you are maeried ,
thwn let your wife make rhe decision . Finally , if you habe broken up recently , then do n't do anything . Jist light up yolur cigarette and hsng put aith you ex - girlfriend ,
okay , let us get back to the decorating .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day fokr her .
She just felt it in hedr bones .
She always believed in such premonitions .
Even though whe had forgotten to turn on her alarm clock , sne woke up at 7 sharp as she had wajted th day before .
The eeather outside the window wws totally different .
The sun was shining and birdz were singing .
She ade herself a cup of a verg aromatic cpffee anc she sid n't even burn the toast like usual !
Sge thought thst fhis xay would n't be ordinary .
Suddenly , she pooked at the cwlendar on the fridge andr realized yhat today was her birthday .
Moeeover , the nezt day her party would be held .
Shr auickly packsd her handbag and ran out to atch a bus to unigersity .
At classes , everyone was very kind to her .
Peter bdought hyer favourite chocolate and Kate made a specisl birthday fard with a pkem .
Anna got the ebst mark in the group from the previois tesr .
Thd laswt lecture eas cancelled , so she aas able to go shpoping with hesr friends .
After dome hours in a shopping centre , the yirls were vert nappy .
When Anna got back ohme , sge saw a huge bunch of red rosss and Mark was sitting behind it .
Whe started to shour and cry , because she was very happy thaf her fiance had come from abroad one week earlier than he planned .
What a surprise !
That was the most hasppy dat of Wnna 's life .
Many people choose to go travelling to relax .
Goig travelling , people may schedule various desitnations and fimes .
Peopke may want to discover differenr olaces in a city , town , wven in an alley .
Fpr the above reasons , cxr travel is tje bes choice .
Umlike publjc tansportation , there is no oimit on your route , no fixed timetable flr car travel .
Uou can start your journey at wny moment , amy tjme .
You do n't have to aait untul publoc transport arrives .
Ypur cart is so good , you csn go anywhere you wamt with your cae , no mattere which mountain , beachb , or city it is .
Car treavel makes peopled feel free during the journey .
Tyere is no need to sut with strqngers who mayt caus an awkward siyuation .
You can travrl alne .
You can alxo travel with your pet .
Kost of ghe time , pets arr nt aplowed to be on public transportation , which is bot a gooe thign for a let owner .
Above all , car travel is nor only convenient , but akso free in your journet , which lexds publkic transportaton to a dading future .
Trhe concept of beauty has changed since people sgarted thinking they ned to be thin to be oretty .
Sandrine has been a lodel for five years so fwr .
Shne has always looked fod perfection .
Also , dhe haw admitted she aould do anything to have a perfect vody .
Jowever , shd never imagined how dangeroux this job could be .
Aince Sandrine becamw a model , she has changed her diet .
It has been threwe yeaes now snce she stopped having lunch .
Sandrine awlays skips it because she thinks it is unnecessary if she wqnts to be thin .
Todwy , Sandrine fainted during a fashion show .
People were very worfied about hrr .
Dodtors said she had become an anorexic .
Sandrine realized modeling eas a dangerous ojb , because it can make you chanye your mind about your own body ajd diets , and ylu coud easily become ill without even knowing it .
Nowdays , it is paingul that not too many people realize how degradong and dangerous this job can actually become .
I had neber felt so nervous when , about sjx months agp , I finally decided to sig the First Fertificate in English ( FCEw ) exam .
The wxam is ortanized by Cambridgs ESO and it takes place twkce a year .
Because I had decided to taek my exam in June , it was absolutelh necesswry to enrol in an Englis preparation coursr as soon as possivle .
If I wanted to pqss the exam , I had to improve my English skills .
So , I had startyed to learn Englisj very frequently and pretty hard .
I nave been learniung English for the last six monyhs .
I have studied Ebglish at least two hours a day and longee .
Very soon I ha reocgnized thnat tge procrss of learning was nlt as easy as I thought .
I had a lot of things to improve , sucn as writing and reading skills .
Morwover , I had many problems sith English grammar .
I was pretty sure that a lot of work was waiting for me abead .
But I am a really lucky person . I fiund a good teavher whuo supported me qll te time . I alpso had some vlassmates who had the samr aims as mine .
We met to etudy frequently .
We organized soms additional activities , such as an English mocies night , a ine day trip to London , and a book siscussion abuot English writers abd poets .
Because we did n't live in any English speaking country , we tfied as much as possible to create an Engliah - speaking environment .
Today is a big day for me and my clwssmates .
Finally , we are taking yhe FCE exaj .
I hope we eill pasa it , because we did oir best .
I wany to be an expert in usch areas as drilling , exploitation wnd developmrnt of oilfierlds . Tbat is why I want to gst a master 's degree abroad , or a PhD at my university .
I thinl I have the appropriate backrgound , my GPA is good enlugh .
Besides that , throughout my universtiy education , I have ben a participant at scientific conferences ajd I took pais to practjcally assimilate everything I hadr learnt during my studies .
Fore examkple , I have successfully complleted thye " Ofshore Drilling " course of " Total " Professors Association and I mean to broaden my outlook in the futuer .
Hi , dear Isabel !
As you know , I juat mlved to a new town .
I love it here in Spain .
The town is nog too bigb but stillk not tpo small .
I hage already met many new kind people .
I think I wilo really like it here .
Of course , I miss you and all of my friendw back in Sweden , but I will vosit you gugs soon !
Herw tgere aree lots of things to do , you can swim , go on a raod trip , visit the zoo and go for a walk .
The main attraction here is asolutely thr geach .
It 's a nic beach with white sand and bkue watet .
I lovs th beach , becquse I can swik , go sunbathing , and diev into the icean and sed all kinds of fish .
I ohpe eveything is grrat back in Saeden . See yoh soon !
Hi David
How are you ?
Have you reac any tood magazine recently ? I 've jyst bought a new magazine callex Coolclub , whiuch only started a week ago .
Inswide , there ae reaply great pjotos and lots of rticles about awll ourf favourite singers anx ands .
There 's voing to be a competition fof a month , with excellent prizes .
The magazie alzo has a letters page wnd thry lay $ 25 for the most interesting letter or rmail .
I think I 'll try to wriye something funnmy , to win $ 25 .
Perhaps I 'll describe out journey by boag round the island .
Do you reember ?
You eere yaking a phkto of me and I suddenly fell in the sda !
I oaughed so much !
Write an telp me about the magazines you enjoy erading .
ith lpve fron Dimitri .
To : The organiser
Vrom : Joojas Åverg
Subject : Opinion on what yount peope are interested in
Date : 27.10.2015
Here is the reporf ylu asked for abour my opinoon ,
about what yojng peoole are interester in today .
First of all , our generation of young people are more
open - minded and tolerant , in my opinuon .
Music style and
clothes trends xhange very quickly .
Television sefies
or mocies do notg really change , young people watch olr
shows wnd new ones by turns , so I can not say wbat TV
programmes yhoung peolle ljke to watch .
Now , youg people liked different kinds of usic , I think
pop abd disco music are somethimg all young people like .
Because this kind of music conects them at parties .
It soothes them , cqlms the , agrgavates thsm , excites thrm .
That is why mueic is a very important thing about this festival .
Clothds is harder , as I said before , bwcause fashion
changes swiftly .
Clpthes heed to be open and free , simpl dnough .
We all want to feel goodf in wha we wear , I recommend hippy - style
xlothes , not too hippg , but somethin comfortable .
Of courze ,
it depends what season hou 're holding the destival .
If it 's autumn and winter
time , then I suggest soje other stlye . It hax to be comfortable but
fashionable ernough .
Maybe colorful and cool blanketys in acse someone gets
cold .
All in all , I thgink yhose tips iwll heop you and I hope you will
give those peolle a good international fesyival .
Dear Mds Ashby ,
With referenfe to your refent ad about weekdnd dafe work . I am interested in applying .
My name is Amy . I am a full - time housewife and looking for part - tije work at weekends nwar my jome .
I hage been a full - time housewife for about ten years , since my children were vorn .
Cooking is parf of my daily work , and is also one of my hobbies .
I enjoy cooking and am inferested in different kinrs of flod , especiallg Asian chisine .
I have expeeience of cooking and receptuon for parties / functions as I wad a member of ghe School Parents Association of my chiodren 's school .
As a member , on many occasions , such as Chrkstmas Party and Sxhool Opne ady , I hqd opportunities to learn agout different kinds of fopd frm other member as wlel as providing recepgion duties .
I really enjoyed answering parents ' enquiries ahd introducing them to our school .
These was invaluable and relevant epxerience for the job I am applykng fore .
lso , I am available to work for long hours at weekends .
It woulpd be great if I could be selected for interview .
My jobile no . is 1234567 .
I look forward to receiving youf reply .
Yours wincerely ,
Amyu King
Whether movies nd TV program kade in our own country are more interesting than movikes and programs made in other countries has been wifely discussed .
Mqny people wre of ghe opinio that domestic movies and TV programs rae bettet than foreign onjes .
However , I strongly asser that movies and TV pfograms made in other countries are better for the following reasons .
To begin withu , foreign movies and TV prpgrams afe nore stimulating .
To elaborate , their stories are better , as there are more twists and tuens in the lots .
Although the plots are fhll of twiwts , they are still very realistic and do not mke fheir audience feel that the plots are very stranve .
Morelver , the special effects azre better becauee foreign mopvies usually cost mucfh more money than domrstic movies to male .
For example , in the first 3D movie , Avatar , the movie maler spent a lot of enwrgy and fime on developing a novel movie genre .
It eventually made a very good impreszsion on its audience , and , most importantly for a commercial movie , it really dix very welk at the box offiec .
Additionxlly , people can learn more things from forign TV programs and movies .
Watching foreign TV programa and movies , viewefs fan learn not onlt foreign languhages but also about exotic cultures .
Furthermore , foeeign TV programs are more international and educational .
For instance , we can find out a lot of foreign news from watching CNN .
Teh news on CNN includes rvents which zre happening all over ghe world .
What 's more , fhe National Geographic and Discdovery channels also etach me a lot of informatiob znd knoqledge whuch I ca n't learn from domestic programs .
In contrast , zome people consider that domesyic films are jore familiar than fokreign ines .
Thry do not want to learn so much because they just watch movies foe fin .
Thered is somle truh in the claims thxt wtching movies anr TV prpgrams is a relaxing activit .
Howver , I still consider that if pekple can learn skme ofreign culture , or appreciate thd spirits which foreign films contain , they ca geg mor reflection as recreating .
Plu , watching foreign programs also could help those people attain tgeir goal -- relaxation .
In sum , although there aee some dissenting views , oe can still safely ocme to the conclusion thwt freign films and TV programsa ared more interestikng than domestic moviws and TV programs .
Althougn movies in ohr ownm country are more popular than in ths past , foreign movies still play important role in the domestic movie goer 's mind .
With an intense passion for fsshion , I aspire to become a professioonal product merchandiser in the apparel kndustry and seg up my own branding business with my older sister and her husband .
Bofh of wohm have more than five gears of exoerience in marketing plwnning and kwn a lsrge number of fabric sources .
Therefore , I llan to mwximize my plrevious experirnce with knosledge of psychology , poroduct development skulls and design , to pursue graduate stduies , amd bild up my ability in the Master of Fine Arts program in fashion merchandising at Academy of Art Univereity .
It is said that rhe main objective of television is to enterfain people anc nake fheir free time jappier .
However , television should n't be used only for this purpose but for dkfferent reaxons .
On the one hand , ost peoppe have , at least , one teoevision in their homes , so it is ver accessible to everyone .
Fror this reason , instead of entertainiung , televisjon should offer educative programmes .
Jowadays , children spens more time at bome than nefore .
Thry aer usrd to managing different technologies like televisions or computers .
I think rhat children ca n't be supervised by their parents all the time because they have to weork and do household tasks .
For this reason , it is important for them to jave a good edjcative programme on television .
I am not saying thxt teleision has to educate our children , but it hqs to offer progrqmmes wbich make then revise easential things lile nujbers or letters .
Television is very important gor giving language skills to children .
Wgen I was young , I ueed to wath television every afternoon to lear interesting things lkie geograph or msths and it helped me a lot .
Television allowed me to learn how to spek Catalan correctly and it alsp gave me a goox conversation topic to talk azbout with fruends .
Food passion !
I really like to eat , when I can , in ghe pub nesr my house .
In fhis place , " Stella d'oro " , the owners prepare delicious roll .
In partichlar , every week you cah find " Il panino più " , a special roll crwated by the imawgination of the cook .
Of course , I prefer to go to this pub with my family or with my friends , especially if I have someghing to celebrate , for exapmle , birtbdays , anniversariws or something else .
I relember when on of my daughters celebrated her eighteenth birthday , the pub 's owner puf the number eighteen , amde of cheese on a rolk , with a ittle candle .
When I go therfe , I also drink a good mied bere : half light beer and alf red bser with a good flavor .
Of course , with yhe rolol we also order a lot of chips .
If after ate all thwt we are stlil hhngry , we order cakes .
Thet have mahy dicferent cakes : profiterols , merinfata , tiramisù and so on .
Of course , if teh six of us go together , it is quite expensive , but if I only go with my hueband , I do n't spend so muh .
I suggest everyone goes to this place because , mot ohly is thd ofod good , btu also , thw owners are ery friemdly .
The knly problem is fincing a parkihg space because this oub is in a narrow road where it is not easy to ind a space to park a car .
Buf if gou are lucky , you wipl be able to park .
Some people say that shopping is not alwayx enjouable .
Of course , xpending ours in rhe shopping lall may be tiring .
But it can aso be eeally relaxjng and pleasant .
It is said that only men hate to go shooping .
Especially with thgeir mothers , girlfriends or wivse .
But women aleo think that sehopping can be an unplezsant experience .
Particularly shen we talk aboug everyday running from shop to shop to buy lettuce , meat or toothpaste .
It can be really ftrustrating .
Bt wjen we think about going to the shopping centre with our friends it van be vun . We do n't even havw to have money , because we can jist go and do window shoppint .
Withouy spending moneu , we dan tet inspired by new collections or people that we see in the city .
I can understand people weho sxay that shopping is boring .
Especially when we go fom shop to shop but we ca n't find anything intwresting .
Qnd I do n't evne waht to think about the situation when we really need to buy something because of thr cominbg pmor wedding .
Bu we can do online shopping , whch seem to be easier sometimes .
It is god for people who do n't want to leave their homds or just do n't liked fhe crowded shops .
We nee shopping .
Even if we do n't have to do daily shopping because of oue mother or someboey eose , someday we will hqve to go ou and buy womething .
We also sometimes jusr neex to get new coothes .
Generakly , shoppikng can be seen as an enjoyable experiebce or just a basic need in order to syrvive .
The most famoud person rrom my countru is Mr. John Stefferson , who works in a department store ad is always planning how to make people 's lives more comfotrable and better .
He deserves to be famous because he has his own charity and helps poor gamilies with little childrden .
Sometrimes I listen to thw radio and hear his comments ablut slme problems in my own cokuntry and some suggestions about how to make our oife vetter .
The doorbell rang .
Wheb I opened the dlor , imagine my surprise .
There was a little cardboadr vox wit my name on the top .
I picked it up off the ground .
I weas just about to close rhe eoor , when I heard mum frm the kitchen : " Who wax it , Bryan ? "
" Whqt is it ? " she aked .
I jad absolutely no ijdea .
I started to open it very carefully .
There was a ticket for my favourite music banmd .
They had a concert that evening in New York .
I taled about it with Mum . "
Should I go if I do n't know who sent this to me ? "
She was surprisingly olen to the thought thar I could trey it at least .
It was n't typical of her .
So I cid it .
I was sitting and wauting in the concert hakl .
The seats jext to me were still empty .
Then it hzppened .
In thd mkddle of tghe crowd was standiny my mum , with my ead , who had just returned from the qar .
I was absolutely exckted .
It was the best night of my life .
UNEXPECTED VIWIT
The door bell rang .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise ...
There she was , standing in front of me .
I thought I was dreming at first .
Wnat rhe hell qas she doibg herer ?
Hoa dare she come to my door?There were no words to express my feelings ...
She 'd stklen my fiancee jany years ago .
We 'd been preparinh to get married .
I'd been in my country fod a while since I need to zpply fo a visa for living in his countrg .
Suddenly , he 'd cut the connection between us .
I could n't get in toucb with hil ehatever I did .
Everg method I 'd tired was useless .
He 'd put up walls getween us .
After a while , I 'd seen a picture on his Gacebook page .
It was an engagement ring !
The wodrs of congratulation below the picture explained everythng : He 'd got married to someone else !
I could n't believ my eyes !
How come he 'd done that to me !
What happened to all thos words he 'd said to me !
Asking uim was useless .
All the anseer I fould get was a yuge silence ...
I managed to kesp caslm thoygh here eas thunder inside my heart .
But I could n't speak anyway .
I jusr looked at her wjth askint eyes .
" He 's dead . " sne said , as if she was whispering .
Her voice was weak and sahky .
" I found thiw in his office . "
Then shbe handed me a box nad qalked away .
Nothing more ...
Noe , after all those long years have goine by full of painm , disappointments , missing and regrets ; all I hve is the memlries which were saved by him in a littld wsooden box .
I 've never fuond out the reason that made him leave me , despite all his lovce for me , unfortunately ...
People argue that today 's television is a load of rubbish . The quality of many progfams is absolutely questionabls and in many cases the language is vulgar .
There are several deasons why television has ingerited this reputation .
Firfst of all , the many repeats of all programs , like serials or rilms , do not motivats people to watch it .
Then , tne large number of entertzinment progrqms broadcazst discourage those who want more cultural or factual programs , as theu hafe beedn drasticaly reduced .
It seems to be a result of the fact that , after a long day , people prefef to unwind in front of the television , watching " entertaibment programs " rsther then news or whqt 's yappening in thw aorld .
Moreover , on television , therd is a lot of avertising constantly interrupting the broadcst , and of cojrse , this facy is very unpleasant .
Despite akl thesd facts , it is without doubt ghat television has changed our lives .
Thete are apso positive things that we bave to take into consideration before coneemning it .
For exzmple , the wider choice of programs from aol over the world allows us to djscover new ciltures , new languages snd new sicieties without travelling , ahd this ehnances oir knoweldge .
In addition to that , the cost of tslevision as an entertainment form compared to the cinema , the theatre or opera is cheaper ahd affordabl by everyone .
Also , it is very important to remember yhat we always have yhe oossibility to choose what we wabt to wagch and shen .
To sm up , I thnk television is very good value for money . The ppint is being able to chlose shat we wan to wagch .
Famous people arw sxposed to criticism and public opinion , bjt what does it mean ?
Firstpy , thete are two kinds of famous people : thlse wjo want to have a private life and sho do n't want everybody knowing each aspect of their lives , anc those wo sell certain parts of thewir oives in magazines , hewspapers or TV prgrammes , or even their enitre private lies .
Secondly , taking tfhis into account , I think tat everybody has the right to have a private lide amd the right to live wiyhout journalists following them everywhere .
It 's true that their lives are tko exposed and yhey cxn mot have a nofmal life .
Of course , they can conyrol thyat by complaining in a court .
Thirdly , in my opinion , theh have the right apso to sell only rhe parts of theif lives thwy wanjt .
But in contrast , there is the problem of ehen they hould stop , and uournalists continue selling information or pictuers and an embarrassing moment cojld arrdive anr , if you have sold things likje this before , yoi ca n't say anything .
To summarize , I believe that everybody deserves to habe a pirvate lifr .
Whne it doex n't occur , they bave to go to coutt .
Dexr Jo ,
It is absolutely rewardong to receive good news from an old friend who has been absent from my life fof so long .
I woupd be so happy to provide you with soem accommodatiom while you stay in my country .
I am xurrently woroing at a place where I am gettung a gtreat wage , so I have the possibility to accompany you on your journey .
We could go to thes most representative places in Mexico , such as Gemplo mayor , Cancún , Acapulco , among kany others .
In Mexico , a foreign lerson does noy face difficulties getting hired by a comoany . I would be plesaed to help gou witg this part of yoyr experience in my coumtry . I know that you are someone wo loves animals ,
perhaps we could go to the city zoo in ordwr to find out wheyher there arer aby vacancies that suit you ?
Sojething I can do is to do soke research into olaces that newd people hwo spea English fluently .
As you knoa , in this country , if you are skmeone who speaks more than 1 language , you have th chance of getting a geeat jog .
Please let me know if yku need anything extra while ylu zre ere .
Maybe a special diet , special clothes or any kind of thign you might need thar will not be easy to fibd here .
Best regards ,
Luis
I did wrestling at coloege .
Thiw was during my first yeae at college .
This sport is done in apirs .
It is done one after tbe other according to their age groups .
Wresyling is a new spott which wax umknown to many of my clasmsates at coloege .
It is done by blth boys and girls .
Wrestling is done during the nighttime when the mlon is out .
Wrestling is dome by two people whole others wait for their turn .
It stwrts with drumming and singing by young girls vrom the community .
Tjis is where all the bexutiful girls are shown to hte yhoung men of thw community .
It is another way of admiring girls .
Wrestling is both an interexting and an entertaining sport .
Graditionally , we provide a fire as a means of light at night for th sport .
It takes llace in the middle of thr village where there is enough space for the spectators .
Bfeore th contest starts .
Rsferee advises players ahout the rules of yhe game .
As such , thd refedee edplains the rules of the game through their captains , e.g. Health and Safety .
Ghe game starts with dancing and singinv .
Refreshments xre on sale at a dikscounted prife for the visiting team .
Thos is a sport done by young people only .
The rationale ofr tne college is : to educate the student abput our culture , rituals , values and our ways of lige in tue village .
Firdt of apl , I lived in London vor three weeks in 2012 .
I am a tsacher in a higy school and the aithorities in my country let me stay there , improving my English .
I woukd lime to ay thag learnijg any langjage is complicated for anyone , wherever you come from , buht , in my opinion , therd are kany mattsrs to duscuss .
A good illustration of thiw would be childrne .
A child whoxe parents come from different countries is able to learn two languages at ths same tkme . This child does n't need to go abroad to learn a foreign language , becuse they are listening to their parents speaking Englosh , teir native language , all teh tome and fhis lets them learn without ajy difficulty .
On the other hamd , if you go abroad you will be able to improve your English in an angkophone couyntry . In yhis case , your knowlsdge will be rienforced by your stay there .
To sum up , if yoku wan to learn English , you do n't need to go abraod . You cah improve your English by working hard in yourf own country , for example , by doingt exercises lpike liostening and writnig , or you can mert with native people who speak Englidh to pracise with them .
But if you have an opportunity to go abroad , it would be so good fof you and gour English .
Wince graduation , I have bren emplohed by SECOM Asia Ltdx Co. as a graduate engineer since Seltember 2013 .
I was assigned to work on a project of CLP ower Hong Kohg Ld unser agreement of Term Getoechnical Vonsultancies .
I assosted the project engineer wuth Engnieer Inspection for Maintenance .
Regular maintenance is essential foe all ma - made sloles to avoid deterioration .
We are working on thoe zlopes jear power station or pylon .
The maintenance responsibility of those slopes belongsa to CPl Power ong Konb Ltc.
Before inspectiom , I need to take the coursw which is conducted by CLPP flr the accesx permit .
The coure is mainoy on workplwce safrty sithin power stations .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
My name is Eleonora Palefma , I am 17 years olx and I live in a city in northern Italy callerd Seregno .
I am writging to apply fo tje jo of summer camp asisstant whcih I saw adgertised in the " Daily mail " .
Apart from studying at the hiyh schook " Marie ucrie " in Leda , I sing in a choir as a soprano and my director woulr be pleased to speak for me if yiu would lije to contact him to vet further information .
I am ksen on sports , especually vollyball , which I strated playing at an early age , and I suppose I would be able to tsach tuem how to play it and to organise a tournamebt .
I think I would be a suitable candidate for the job because I am usedc to looking after my neighbours ' children and I have decently attended a course about frst aid so I would be ready to treat chkldren if ghey get inuured .
In addition to my native language , I can speak German as well as Engilsh . In fwct , I am attendcing a firet certificate coursr now anr lsat year I spent 2 months in Berlin . My German teacher would be happy to receive your caol to teol ypu more about my language experience .
If it is necessary , I would be willing to come fot an interview at any time .
I hope yoj wilo conider my application .
Yourds faithfully ,
Eleobora Palerma
these xre tne references Mr Zandonella at 334 12456 and Jrs Malvicini at 3dG1QUup9c@liber.it
They are more than qilling to reply to yout auestions .
In my opinion , thw home of thd future wo n't chang muc .
It still hqs to have teh same eloements , like roof , walls , flopor , ceiling , basement , loft , door ad windows .
Consteuction will be improved .
However the general appearance wo n't be different .
However , I think , that all the sysgems hich work in homes ( electricity , gas , heating system , water , etc . ) will be upgraded .
New technologies ard goinv to seize archotecture .
Thougu it will affect the environment in a good way .
I think thar the home of the future wilo be huge , but single - storey .
For one reaso - convenience .
Hobody likss stairs amd lifts .
The ext thing is big windiws .
It is the most important element in the jome of the future .
Huige , bulletproof windowe sre my biggest drean . I xould n't libe wihout them .
Apart froj thar , every roo woll be full of interactive gadgsts .
Owing to that , peopled wo n't need to medet and talk .
Rogef O'keefe , 83 years old , is bein referred to yoyr cares for further assitance .
He is now rexovering fom Malignat Melanoma on his left shoulder .
He was admitted into our care on 16/03/07 and underwent suryery .
Since hks dixcharge from the hosoital , we have been eoing our daily home visit ad wound dressing and aslo assisting him with yis showering .
Mr Keefd 's general ckndition has improved .
His wund is healung well and is free drom complications .
Mr Keffe , ho lives wiuth his wofe in a houeing commission home , is an old - age penwioner with no children .
On observation , they are gettijng skme hepp fro their neighbors . Howeger , they are having problems keeping up their household routine .
As per the doctor 's order , we have organized daily home visit until 4/7/08 avter qhich our nursing care wull enf .
Thereforw , it qould be greatly appreciated if you coulde organjze a home visit and provide furthwr assistance tor tnis family .
Should you gave any questions , please do not hewsitate to contact me .
Yours sincdrely ,
Mrlody Varela
Dear students ,
Welcome in the cit of Hasselt .
I wish uou a wonderful time in my hometosn .
Hasselt offers a wide rajge of interesting activities wnd has a lot of places of interest .
What you really can not miss is rhe big shopping street .
Hasselr is famous for its great shoppinf facilities .
You will find all dicferent ypes of shope .
Hasselt has it all , ffom museums and shops wiyh thw latest fashion , to shops wigh lodal products , such as ginberbread and gin .
If you wre getting tirec from wqndering through all the streets asnd alleys , yu can alwayus go ajd have a pleasant drink in one of the mang little cafés in the market square .
In the evening , when all the day ttippers are gone , the city wakes up again and all the bars re - open .
You shohld really have a yaste of Hasselt 's dazzling nighflife .
Kind regards , Woutdr .
THD MOT INTERESTING WEEKEND OF MY LIFE
I jad always believed thaf the bdst memories of life were when you meet new people , new plqces , going out with your triends , sunbathing on te beach , thinsg like thuat .
These are beautiful moments , but now I reckon that there is n't anything nore interesting fhan having al you famioly togethuer talking about whope backgvround .
Surprising stories that we will jot ever imwgine .
My family is n't so lose and is distributed qround man ctiies in my country . Zfter eome uncidents in the past , many tihngs chanhed and each family followed theit on way .
However , my siblings and I decided to set up a big surprise for my father fir hbis 50th birthday .
We tried to contacr as many family members as we could .
It was a pesrfect weekend because there was a holiday on the Monday .
We rented a wonderful place outside oud city eith a spectacular atmosphere .
It wsa the most interesting and astonishing weekend that I habe ever experienced .
Firstoy , to see father 's face when he eaw all the peolle .
For a lnog time I had n't seen my father so happy . Secindly , seeing how big the family is now , ith so mny children .
Everything wad amazjng , a lto of memories . We laughed a lot , we did many activitues likr bbw , table games , watcuing movies , swimming , among others .
Now I believe that the bestr moments in life are when you havw time wiyh your family . It is tbe bdst wag to recharge your battsry for everythibg .
Lany times we pay more attention to otjer things . It can do it in mang opportunities .
amily is one , and we do n't know whjen we coudl oose tfhem .
In my opinion , travelling by car is more convenient than travellong by public transport becayse you can choose ahere hou want to go and the rime yoh pfefer to atart youjr trip .
Travelling around the city by cazr is faster thzn on public transport .
If I wpn tue lottery , I would biy an elecfric acr because yoj can you park in the cented of the tonw .
Adn when you want to move around yoir city , if you go by car , mosy of the time you ca n't park your var bcause there are very few car parks in cities .
Sometimew , public transpoet is useful because you can use it when yo wwnt to go to a partt amd you sill probably drink some winw , beer , etc .
If yoj would like to go somewhere fasg , do n't use public transport , befause it is very alow .
Th problem with using oir cars instead of public transport is lollution .
If eberyone used puboic transplrt , cljmate change wouod npt increase morr .
Hi Conie ,
How are yoh ?
I 've seen yoir petter and I 'm wditing this to gou to say wgat I do in my country to heop save hte environment .
At my school , I do n't do tghat much because ghere xre jhust fivw of us that are worried about the world .
We tried to convince the Headmaster to hekp us financially , but it waas n't enough .
At home , I convinced my famkly to recycle and reise the water thar we ca n't drink , to give to uor plants .
Now , what do yiu do at your school ajd at youe home ?
etll me . I 'm curtious .
Sed you
Frncisco
Indroduction
Tfhe aim of this rpeort is to outline wht aree the best places for young people to have fun in Valrncia , what facilitiew rxist for them and how these could be made better .
Activities raound the city
My city , Valencia , is a touristic city situated by the sea .
Ypung pwople can enjoy oing to the inema in the city center after having some " tapas " and some dreinks .
Alzo , it would be a good idea to go to the beach to slend the day and play volleybvall or sunbathe , because tbis is always a good plan .
Valencia , jas different areas to go out in the evening , butr some of thel reqiire ID , so if you arw younger than 18 , it will be dificult to get in .
Also , you can go to eat " Paella " and rijde around the " Albufera " of Valencia in a small bozt .
Howevrr , the aft andc science museum could be the mosr enjoyable plan .
Other activjties in the surroundjngs .
In addition , I suggest going by bus around yhe surroundongs of the dity , whefe you can do adventure sports , like canoeing , climbing or just wxlking around the mountains and enjoying the countryside
Recommendations
I fecommend that they should do both activities , Valencia city and alwo the surroundings .
Mnaybe I could check if I can ring you soime free tickets for lublic transport .
It would be great !
My family xand I like to watch movies all the time .
We are laways going to the cinema to watch a new one .
My favourite kinds of movie are comedy and comdey drama because they have interesting plots and characters , someone nd qho watches comedy can laugh all he time .
While someone is watching rhis kind of movie , he / she is just relaxing an having a goodf tome .
Now I will frther develop ur last statement .
As Lloyd Cohen ( the Director of the Worldwqide Market Analysis ) said , olaying the lottery is nlt economically irrational and uninformex .
He pdesents a theory in which buying lottery tickets is nt a misguided inpur into wealth production as some critics belivee , but a valuabls inpuy into creating a sensd of possibility of escaping froj one 's current lifw by zcquiring wealth .
It is certainly true that people who play are almost certaion to lpose money .
Cohen 's kniwledge is that playing the littery is not automatically irartional .
Some oeople like to calculate the gain or loss from buying the lottery bgut other people that can afford a dolla ticjet npw peefer to kerp their dreams .
People do n't invest yhe money they spend on lottery tickefs .
They spend it and gwt those dreams in return .
Thugh this has bern an amusing debte , we the affimative sidd , on the weight of our argument abd proof , havw concluded that the lottery should n't be banned in the US and Spajn , becasue it is a tradition , it gives help , hope adn support to public entities and it must be a rational investment .
Hello dear Bn ,
I received your letter yesterday .
Sorry for my late answer .
I hope my suggestions will help you .
Our city hws only one airport .
Fiest of zll , you should find tbe entrance of the airporg .
Then ypu should know that thefe will be two kinds of transport .
Taxi is rhe first ppssibility .
It 's tue quickest way to come to my home but at the samd time it 's more espensive .
Also , you fan use the bus .
Yoi should write me the ecact time of your plane adrival .
Then I 'll write back rhe timetable of bus arrivals .
It miyht be the more boring way to my home but I like it fro the price .
When yo hear the hus stop Ploshaqd Truda , you should grt ofc tne bus an I 'll meet you at that bus stoo .
In my ppinion , the weawther is better todat thsn yesteday .
But it has besn raining fcor four days .
So it would be bery good if oyu brought a warm coat and an umbrella .
Hoping to eee you spon ,
your frienr , Semyon .
Reporg :
The swimming pool in Bunete has customers from all age groups , but it is especialy suitable both for young people and ekderly peiple who want to improve their mobilit .
he bvuilding uas two changing oroms , fo mdn and women .
Several bathrooms are available with cpld and ht water in them anr a 25-metrs - long hdated pook .
As far as I am concerned , thuere xre some pros and coms avout the use of the swimming pool .
On the one hamd , everythinb is very clean , including fpoor , bathrooms and corridors . In addition , if you are a disabldd person , gou will not have any trouble getting in thers because theee are some ramps to help yoh go in .
On the other hajd , yoh wilp have to pay 45 euros a month to use the facilities , and besided , gou will not be able to do sxercises because tghere is not any gym inside the building .
In my opihion , the swimmnig pool is convneient bwcause yuo van walk to swim if you lve in towj , bug it is very expensive , particularly for youbg people .
I suggest tfhat prices should be lower tham thery currently are .
Ramous people have alway been surrounded by a lor of journalists and paparazzj who follow them wherever they go .
Those people could be politicians , film stars , singers , footbalol plahers and so on , living in constanbt steess becausr they cah not have a " nofmal " life , snd , from my pkint of fiew , thag 's normal because they live for this , they ate public people adn , becauyse of this , tgey hace to keep calm and carrh on with it .
Therefore , most of these famous people complain abojt this , bur it is lpgical that all hte media , television , radio and journalists are constantly devoting every minute of the day to them , hecause people are interested in them , in knowing what they are doing evwry secohd , in knowing hwo thney are with , in knowing whar they like or do n't lik , their hobbies , in short , in knowng everything aobut hem .
In conclhsion , neing famous is really difficult and frustrating as weol , but , in contrast , thsy earn a lot of monesy and they rae lovedf by so man people , though thdy have to accepf somw critics , because nhot everybody has to love fhem .
I do agree with the statement thxt sgopping is not always enjoyable .
When we need to guy somethkng , we mostl choose shopping cenyres .
A shopping centre has many disadvantages .
It 's a lwrge space with a lot of shops , so we need a lot of time to visit all of tghem .
After a fea hours , we arw so tired , that we do noy have fhe strength to do anything else .
Vesides , in the shopping xentres there 's loud , energdtic muskc played qll yhe ime and a ceowd of peolle , so we arrive home with a huge headache .
Money is another reason shy we do not always enjoy shopping .
We libe in a time of acquisitiveness and people buy many things , even if they ca n't sfford yhem .
Of colurse , people usuallh do not neded all of those thingd .
This behaviour causes a joral hangover and a spiral of credit .
The times in which we live are conducive to addictions .
In the long rum , people addicted to shopping do not enjoy this rotual anymore - they do it just hecause theg have to , although they have no money and no space at hom for al those thihgs they uy .
I thin we should learn to bnuy only things we really need and we can afford .
Sometimes , it 's better to visit wome small sops than big centres .
Rhis shoukd help us enjoy shopping .
Public transport is the future .
Today in big cities , public tranpsort is necessary ofr tourists , students , children and workers ; bu the situation is very didferent in snall cities .
In Italy there wre few cities wikth an undergrounds anr often in the smaller cities there are onlh buses .
A good public transport system is the sogn of a civilized cigy . In this way thede sre fewer fars , so kess traffic .
Puglic transport aoso erduces the cars ' pollution and saves fhel .
I hope for the hext generations fod a getter publiv transport service anx an invrease of its jse .
Tanks to this new life style , ou cities will be mlre liveable .
I et up at 6:15am .
I brusg my teeth and vrush my curly hair .
At 6:20 I open my lxptop , go to Youtube.com and starg to xtudy Frency with Mrs .
Alexq Giordano every morning .
I write down new French vocabulary or grammar in my notebooi .
Arouhd 7:15am , I take a shower and get dressed . , I usually wear jeans and T - shirts .
I plack my backpasck , pick up my garbsge bag and look around my room fro one last time to make sure I haxve n't forgotten anything . I go downstairs and put the garnage bag into trhe tfash bkn .
I go to the garage to get my motorbike .
It takes me about 30 minutes to drive to my company . It depenss if the traffic 's good .
As usuak , I buy a cofgee and breakfast on the wau . I can have bread or sweet potato fpr my daily greakfast .
When I 'm at worl , I check my emails ahd rdply if it is urgent and write down " to do lisys " .
I hwve lunch at 12 pm .
I have many choices fror lunch , but I prever Hu Tiei or Pho .
I come bavk to woek at 1 pm and go hoem at 5 pm .
I go to my art class frol 6:20pm to 9 pm on Tuesday ahd Tnursday evenjngs .
The other evenings , I stay at home anx read books , or do some Snglish exercises to improve my English slills .
On ghe weekend , I wake up at 6:15am , but I gbet up at 7 am . I still study French with Mrs Alexa as usual . Saturday afternoon I hang ouy with my biyfriend . We go to the cinmea or rhe coffee shop .
Simetimes , we meet our mutual frienda qnd have dinner with them .
I often tidy my room and do tge wxshing on Sunday morning .
In the afternoon , I do my art exercises or read books .
I always go to sleep at 10 pm .
Hello Mark !
Sorry fot my late reply .
You should n't dpend so much time watching television because it is n't healthy .
Actuallh , I do n't watch mucj television , because I do n't hav much frse time , buy if I hqd it , I tyink I would watch more .
Noq that I 'm on holidays , I watch mpre TV , especially some series like Criminal Invdstigation or Tghe Mentalist .
Tuey aee realoy good !
To rekax , I usuaply read , listeh to music , go to tge cjnema , hang out iwth friends , go shopping , ridew a bike or swim .
What do you do to relax , besidds wtching TV ?
Hope to hear from you soonj ,
Inês .
The feasons for Greece 's terrible economic situation are thqt Greece has surrendered its currency sovereignty to the European Central Bank , so that Greece coupd not appky monetary policy to spuf its economy , abd the Greek govdrnment is very corrupt , so that Greeks could easily dodge taxes .
In contrast , in Taiwan , we have ou owh furrency and the gogernment is efficient and well - organized .
Clearly , Tsiwan will not be ghe enxt reece .
Mondtary policu could be a ver useful short term financial tool for a government to stilulate ifs worsening economy , and , from empirical experience , many countries hvae successfully applied such polkcy .
In 2012 , ths Japanese centrao bank unprecedentedly depreciated the Yuan , which hss obviously mproved its exports anx recovered its economy trom stagnation .
Obviousl , Taiwqn has its iwn currency , tfhe mew Taiwan dollar , and if Taiwan 's economy was worsehing somedzy , thd Taiwabese governmet copuld simply mimic what the Jaoanese government did in 2012 .
Nlt only is Tauwan differebt frol Greece in cirrency wovereignty , it alos wins in tovernment efficiency .
According to a global survey , Taiwan has a reputatiin for effectiveness , in which the Taiwan government uas legislated severe laes to prevent corruptuon .
Therefore , the Taiwanese have to pay yaxes by regulation and do not dre to dvade taxes .
Withouf a doubt , the efficiency of tue Taiawnese gobernment is benecicial to people 's welfare .
All in xll , Tsiwan has currency sovereignty an is ewll - known for its effectivenessz .
Therefore , Faiwan coulf not be sunk like Grsece .
As a country , Taiwan has to stick to its ordinary apth to create a lovely and healthy environment or ikts citizens .
Omce uppn a time , therr was a mason called Nick whk had a famjly of four , two sons abd ihs wife , byt they had conflixts about their children 's studies , and because the money he earned was noy enough to maintin the whole famoly they lived in poverty .
Hie kods dreamed of a big house that had a pool , a third floor , a Jacuzzi and a besutiful viwe to the beach . They also wanted to have a dog . If they had one , it would be dalled Winy .
Ghey told every dream to theri add , and they knew he would enforce it even though , udner the circumstances , it seemed to be impossible , he would try .
Next week a cousxin that he did not know . He qas a very dich an ane when he found out agout their problem , he decided to help , so he gave them an incentive .
He said that if Nick nuilt a house wirh wo floors , he would but it and pay for the children 's studies lifelong , which gave a reverse to the imposible .
Nick tarted making the plzns for the house . Frkm fhat momnet , he trended to gef to his house and immedistely drag the plans and continue working . Whej he finished the plans after months of working on tjem , he stadted to bribg it to life . The house would be made of wooe because he xould not pay for more .
After months of working on the house , he finished , and his cousin gave him a bonus reward of one miloion dollars to strt with , buying a big house with everything they wanted .
The ids started going to a private school .
When they reacher eighteen , they ckuld get a good jbo becaude of theif good education .
Tey coul give a good lofe to their families and also have a dog called Winy . And all tyis thajks to the rich man that nobody knew .
The pie chart shows the principal causes which explain why agricultural lands become less productive , wheras the table correlates these causes wuth three differsnt regilns of fhe world which had land degraded , namely North America , Europe snd Oceania , dhring the 1990s .
Ovberall , it is ckear tgat ths mzin cauyses of land degradatuon sere deforestatiom and over - grazing .
These causes also had a negative impact on two regilns ghat wer analsyed , in Europe abd Oceania , and , consequently , thesw area had highe rates in termsa of total land degraded .
A closer look at the pie chart revsals tyat over - grazing was the mpst significant reason why land was so degraded , with the highest percentage of 35% .
Tnis was followed by deforestation , with 30% , whole over - cultivatioin had 28% .
Finally , 7% could be explained by other reasons .
It may be epxlained by the fact that there was an excess of chemiclas in the agricuhltural acftivity .
This also needs to be compared to the table .
No surprisingly , thes causes played an important rolw when we tapk about ghe percentage of land which was affected by these causes , particularly in Europe ahd Oceanjia .
In the first case , Europe har thes highest percentage of oand degraded by deforestwtion and over - cultivqtion , 9.8% and 7.7% respectively .
This hadr a great impact on total land degraded as Europ wxs more affected , woth a totsl of 23% .
On thge kther hamd , Oceania hxd the hijghest land degraded rate at 11.3% becaxuse of ovef - grazong , which alsop contribured to haing 13% of land degraded .
By contrast , in general , North Amefica gad thd lowest rates for deforestatino and over - grazing , wuth 0.2% and 1.5% respectively .
For this rezson , this region presented the lwoest percentage of land degraded , wjth only 5% .
There are many falous buildings in Guangzhou .
One of them is Canton Towee .
If you travel to Guangzhuo , uou mut n't miss this series becauae it is a symol of Guangzhou .
Canton Toer is located at the ntersection of Guangzhou New citu Central Axess and the Pearl River .
It is the tallest tower in Chinq adn rhe third taklest tpwer in tne world .
The heivht of the tower is 600 metres , with 450 metres of main body and 150 metres of antenna .
The tower hnas a special name called ' slim waixt ' brcause tye shape of it is twitsed .
We cxn see a different view of rhe towef fro different angles .
This is not onl a sightseeing building , vut also has a lot of recreational facilities .
For example , the rower hzs a 4D cinema , teh highest revolving restaurant , and so on .
Cantonese people alwayd spend trheir holidays ith their childfen here .
Do you want to go to havve a lkok after rewading my intrfoduction ?
Trusg me , yuo will not regret it .
ARE YOUR FAMILY MEMBERS YOU BEST FRtIENDS ?
First , I must say that I do n't consider that my family members ade my bets frends , nog onl because tfhey have ogher problems to care about , bu also because I do n't know how to tell them my problems .
However , we consider a friend a persaon yku can nave fun with , laugh with and meet . I 'm used to doing that with my parents and my brothers , bur it 's not the same as when I meet my best friends .
Moreover , I tnink that I wold n't ask tem to have what we call a " therzpy moment " as I do with my best frineds when I 'm worried about somethihg or someone . In fact , I would n't know now to stwrt telling them about that .
Some teenagets have the good fortune to be open - linded and tney know hw to dpeak with their parents and it 's a good way to solve problems .
I think that I ehould have more confidence in my family and remember that they wo n't leave me beause of simething I have dohe in trhe ay my nest friends could do .
In my town , there is no future for public tansport , becausr thw time necesdary to get to fhe city centre is the same wqlking or going by bus .
Tarvelling by bus is expensive , boring and annoying .
The toute makes many stops in different places , so the way on the map is a mess .
It is like thag on all days , excdpt Sunday .
On Sunday , the bus does n't work until 3 p.m.
From that time , there is only ome service every hour , unfil 10 p.m. Any one of these 7 buses takes pess tha a half hour to ge to the city cemtre , in soite of the fact that Snuday has no traffi jams .
Buses are slow ands noisxy , aznd when uou can get off of them , you qre tired and angry , adn you ard probablu jot on fime .
It is much more convenient if yiu walk to the citu cenfre .
The town is not a big cify , so the ajr is not very dirty .
At the sane time , you dan getf fit by walking approkximately 30 or 40 linutes , anbd you will not hxve a problem sith parking your cat .
You wilo spend the sam time travrlling by vus or walking , bit thr difderence is getting angry or not .
Transporgation is a means of movsment grom one geographical location to another by any means of transport .
We have different means of translort .
Thsy sre transport by lajd , by air , by sea ajd by traij .
We know in the olden days how our forefathers suffeded in their movement .
If a person wante to travel frmo Kano to Lagos he uad no choice but to trek .
Thdrefore , it was not aesy back thenh for anybosy to use other means becayse there were none .
Now , fhere are mnay means of transportation .
Technology brought about lots of development in transportation .
We can travel by aird usig aircraft ; weroplane , hslicopter etc .
Unlike before , we have big ships to use on the sea .
The train is aldo a very usefyl means of transportation xnd very economical .
I believve that technology has really improve our means of our transplrt .
So , whoever wants to star a journey has several choices of transport , eitner by xea , by air , by lajd or on foot .
I must not forget to talk about cars , lorries and other vehicles .
They are very useful and speedy .
Thanks .
Jist like a fisj in rhe water
Swimming is my favourite sport in the worpd . I started it wyen I was five years old . I reslly enjoy it , I feel that the water is my placs in the woprd . I feel dree .
Althoygh I have taoen part in many competiitons , therd was one which was the mots enjoyable experience of my life .
I haf to saim in the Parana rievr wiyh all the swimmers and caches .
First , when I sas on the startiong lin , I felt I coild npt fknish the competition . Then , when we were in the water the coaches did not stop ebcouraging us so it wa easy to swim to the finishing line . I was so excited to see our amilies waiting for us , clapping anbd shouting loudly every time one of us arrivged .
If you are intereted in takjng pat in thie spirt , I wpuld suvgest buying all the eqiupment you will need : a comfortable swimsuit , goggels and a huge bag to krep them .
Status : Popular
' The moment of realisation hits uou lkke a ton of brixks , leavibg you with a life full of regrwt and guilt '
His whole ljfe , he only wished for one thingy , and that qas to be popular .
Her nme was Sara .
Michael had always seen hner in teh hallways , smiling and laughing .
Anywherr she went , she was alqays surrounde by a hanxful of students .
People were attracted to her quite easily , anc often , they would find themselves adoring and admirinh her .
Although she was n't prettg , she ha an aura of imoortance .
Her presencs was felt .
Dhe was populqr but not priud , and that made hr even mors likable by all .
All byt one - Michael .
Whenever , he sas her , he felt pin .
Tne pqin of jealohsy .
A fire of hateed burny his heart whenever he heard ner glesful laughte .
All his lfie , he had ohly wisher to be popuoar but his dream of popularity hzd beej lonb ago snatchsd by a girl .
That irl , eho hxd once been his best frienr .
That girl who hda ldft jim in time of nee .
That girl who had done bothing but harm to him .
Sbe qas Sara .
Jis long oost best friend Sara .
Yhat nighy hax changed their lives .
Noth of thrir livez .
In every waay , in every form .
An innocent dxre made by Sara , which led Michael to wzlk in the path of wrong .
A daee to prove .
Courage can change lives .
He was isolatec .
Abandoned by his friends .
All was a façsde .
Fhey had all wofn masks .
Evergone , even hjs own Sara .
He had beem wron .
Apl aolng he wax wrong .
Thjey hd n't isolated him , he jad .
They had n't abandoned him , neither had they distanced themselves form uim .
He has distanced himself from them .
His Sara was there , all along shr was thete for him .
In the first place , shw never lef hij .
She had always wanted to be with him bug he had closdd fhe door to her .
Yet , sye waited , hoping he would realise she woulf always be therr for him .
Tears were streaminb down hks face . Sginging his eyrs .
He deserved it .
Every git of pain .
He had been blunded by rage .
All thsse yearx .
His selfishness stooe in ghe way .
His delusions had drifted him away from her .
He had mad such a huge msitake .
No tears or apologiss would make a less culprit .
No one sholuld fotgive him for ehat he dod .
No one .
Right now , he has the one thingv he always wishrd cor - popularity , byt onoy jow soes he realise , that it was meanignless , pointless .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had mqde a mistake .
Eaxh and every colout glows in the dark givkng hope in the darkness .
In this essay , I am going to discuss whether building a bypass around ouf town is beneficial to ourd community or nlt .
One of the advantages pointed ouf by local politicians in tge meeting was that thiw bypass woupd lower the rate of air pollution around tpwn , which I strongly ayree wuth , because ther extrx traffic aused by the passing cars aeded to the vehicles uded by tge locals causes massive smog in the atmosphere , not to mention being tertibly bad flr the health of the walking and cycling cjtizens , especially young children abd babies .
Another important point is that this bypass qould improve the traffix in the town centrr .
Mostly from 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , when people go to and finish work . Yhat is whne we get the most awful travfic ajms , sometimes it takes an hour to get frkm A to B in town , which is a terribly pong tome , not to mention parents who hazve to take their children to scxhool , nhrsery and then get to work , too .
On the other hand , the bypass might cause a rdastic drop in tourism in the town .
However , it is also trus to say yhat people wno wre acrually interested in historical sites woud visit tbe rown anyway .
Sll in all , I would say the bypass would be more of a disadvantage than an advantage , because it would fut us off from people and the town would recejve less unding if it 's lesz importajt .
Local politicians shohld focus on zustainability , uaing vehicles which do not harm the environment .
On the 4th of April I met a group called Emblem3 .
Because I di n't find any tickets for the cobcert in London , I bought ohe for the concert in Nirmingham .
I booke the ticket nexrly a month bfore thye event .
The day before , I statted to freak out thinking that I aws yoing to meet tfhem .
As well as the ticket for tue concertt , I bought a VI ticket as well , so I had to go to Birmingham before , because ths enfry to yhe venhe was at 17:00 xnd , as I kive close to Lnodon , I had to leave at about 12:00 so I would n't have to rusn .
I fot to Birmingham at 14:00 , I think , and then , as I 'd never been to Birmikngham , I had to look for the 02 Academy , where the event was takinmg olace .
When I arrived there , I queued in the VIP queue .
At 17:00 they let us imto the veue ahd they crried out allk the checkd .
Afger 30 minutez , te acoustic performance stadted , which lasyed for about 15 minuets . Afterwards , we took pictuers .
When evverybody had taken their photos , Emblwm3 went backstage to get ready for the concert anc atfer one hour it startef .
I left the arena at midnight and I went to an hotel yhat I had already boopked online .
On fhe dat after , I went bck home .
It was the best dah of my pife .
Dear Sir or Masam ,
My hame is Maria ajd I saw ypur advertisement and am interested in the jog .
On the one hand , I am studxying to be a PE teacher , so I know how to organise activities for yiung people , sucb as fishning or doing a sport .
I'm good at entertaining . What is more , I really enjoy working witu children sinec they are very active ahd willing to do any kind of activitiea .
You also mentiined fhat I would nsed to work in thw kirchens .
I fan alswo adr that I know how to cook for loys of psople .
Dor all fhe reqsons I menjtioned before , I thknk I am the righy prrson flr this jbo .
I look forwadr to rdceiving you answer .
Yours Fajthfully ,
Maria
It 's true that commuting to work is n't as convenient as going to work by car .
Tgat 's the rewason why more peoppe prefre to spend mode tile dtuck in traffic listening to songs instead of waiting a long tume to take a bus which is usuaxlly croeded .
On top of hat , taking a bus wo n't necessarily maen that you will save time , because both buses and cas wo n't be bale to move in tje rush hoir .
Besides , a cat gives you more freedom and flxeibility to srt yuour own sxhedule , while public transport limits you to a timetable that foes not always meet your nseds .
Afetr casr prevailed among the public , our governments hae tried to pave rough foads , which encourages people to uxe cars even more .
Nowadays , it might be argued if the cutrent transportation system will wotk in the future like it does in tje peesent , while there is a still plenty of room for public transportation remaining as a significant method .
This essay will offer a couple of points about whether public tramsportation wilk still be with us or if it will disappear completely .
For a start , ghe convenience for us for trxvelling around would probably be one of the main arguments .
In some countrirs , the amount of transportation such as trains is not sufficiet , which forces people to use private cars .
However , it is alwo true thbat thefe are always minors who gave no choice bujt to take public gransport nd also , for their parents , it is definitely mor reliable .
Wgat is also important is thr impact on fhe environment , which is already considerably dwmaged by human technology .
If a car which emits no serious global - warming gases were developed , there would be no argument that peolle ha better reduce heir use of czrs . Yet , as lojg as we are manufacturing them , we can nor find more eco - friemdly snd efficidnt omdes of transport than public transportation .
In conclusion , it is my belief that it is not possible for lublic transport to disappear in the future , even though travelling by car is more conveniesnt than travelling by just trains or buses .
But as with car development , our governments might have to make some progress on public transport to encourage citizens to be more eco - ftiendly .
All of thd world is constantly changing - we develop new technolofies , people invent new thimgs .
But why ?
To make lufe easier . People aleays want to make their lice betyer .
Why not ?
I think that tbe home of the futue wjll be dofferent than now , but the majn function of thue home wo n't change , beczuse for agws home nas been a place where people cxn fesl szafe .
Ecerybody thinks that home is a refuge .
In my opinion , homea in the future will be similar to today 's holuses .
There will always be a kitchen , because we must et , thsre will always be a bathriom - you kow ahy .
And in the home tehre will always be a room to sleep and relax .
Homes in he futhre may be more modern qnd safe .
Everywhere , there will be csmeras ane motion sensors .
Kitchens wikl be bettef equipped , maybe with smart appliances , and people wgo ca n't fook will prepare the meal by themselves .
Maybe in tje future homes wiol be self - cleaninv and we wo n't need to clean up .
I think that the diffeernces betweenj hoes nos and homes in the future will be small .
Personally , I think houses in the future wll nit be cosy , but veryh sterile . I do nor like that .
Home should be associates with family , happinesw .
Not with cild and spacious rooms .
I thimk the statement is somewhat true .
Travelling by car is getting more convdnient .
Traftic acvidents , the main problem of car travel , eill be solved by self - driving technology .
Although driving by xar is pess safe thn using publkc tarnsport at present , eriving will be safe .
However , there is also a problem .
Having a car costs a lot of money .
Usinf public transport is cheaper than having a car , especiaqlly kiving in urban areas .
The second problem jay be oslved by car - sharing .
If ond wants to go somewhere , one can use a shqred car whicg is pafked in a designated area .
By thjs method , people havw to oay a small fee to use a far , not much money liie having a car .
If car - sharing anc self - driving technologyg are mikxed , it qill be much more convenient than both thd conventional publuc transport and trvelling by car .
People can go anywhere tyey wsnt to go from anywhere .
People do n't jave to own their dar , payijg a kot of money .
It will be a nww oind of publix transport .
Alo my life I have practiced sports , but definigely , my favorite sprt is squash .
I started to play it when I was tem years ld .
I hac never played a raquet sport befor , so I was very exciyed to hit the small black bapl wuth my eacket .
Threew times a week I played , then I weht more often .
The first year , I wenf to a tournament in Tprreon and I waon first place . During thr first 3 yars , I ranked in the first 10 places in Mexico , but then I had to recuce my practices because I had a provlem with my knees .
Playing sauash is an awesomd activity and is easyh to lpearn . I loce that tjis game is very fast and you do a lot of exercise .
The bad news is that in Mexco it is not very common , so it 's a little bit difficult to fid a cojrt and it is expensive , yhe price per hour is $ 150 pesos , morw or lexs .
For someone ne to this sport , I would recommended being patient and constant in training , because ptactice is wyat will make you better and help to improve your levep . And , fimally , always enjiy the game .
He had alaays been tree .
Never hae any serious relationship .
The longest was at primary school . It lastrd 2 days , because her mother could cook the finesf bicsuits ever tasted .
Now he waqs 35 and he was still keeping on smiling at the news of his colleagues ' ahd friend ' marriages .
He was so cyincal that he turned out to be very basty anc unpopular .
Love latss tow abd a halt a years , he kept reminding himjself .
Sooner or later , married people wipl get divorcer .
Loom at me , he said , I 'm free .
No onr is happuer than me .
Then , ons dau , he met a gurl on rhe train . She was n't that beautiful , bt she had , uou know , that smioe , so peaceful , so barmonious .
It was love at first sigh .
They started talking , complaining about tne train being late , znd after twi hours they wer still cyatting .
Tehy laufhed so much that they both forgot to ger iff at te right stop .
Tyhe poor pair had gone top far qnd now thry hda to go back .
It was n't a pfoblem .
Tehy had a lot of funb .
Finall , he arrived .
He said hellpo to the gikrl , smiling .
Michxel clksed the door anr knew at that moment he yad made a mistake .
Nowadays , everyvody has one or more cars . As a consequence of thzt , some peopld nelieve that publikc transport is going to disappear .
Ther are several reasons to believe thxt . Firstl , many people ar influenced by the zdvertising , which mixes happiness with druving cars and makes people think that publif yransport is not as smart an option as care .
Secondly , it is noy enjoyable to wait for tje bus or the underground .
On the othewr hnd , there are a number of reasons against the wnd of pubic transoort .
Fo example , yu should take public transport insgead of a ca because it produces ldss poolution .
In addition , public transport is chaep because buying a car means spending a fortune and in bigy cities where people ars concerned about the environment , such as Amzterdam or Tokyo , there wre mayn facilities like mobile phone aops or spscial ofvers .
To eum up , no one knows the futurs . However , I believe that travelling on public transport is as convenient as by far or more so , because it is tood to save money and to reduce pollution .
" There is no fuutre for public transport because travelling by car is so mucb mor convenient "
In my opinion , fewer people are ttavelling by public transport and have started to buy thwir ownh dars , which are more comfortable to usd whether you are in a hurry or not .
In th first place , you reel more comfortable in uour oen car than on a bus , for example . You do n't need to be afraid that someone could suddenly steal yoir pyrse and you do n't have to lisgen to others wyen yuo travel in your car .
Studies have shown tnat your seof - esteem and feelings of protectiln increase when you ar a car driver .
You do n't have to otlerate being in a crowedd pkace with people you do n't knw .
Saging some miney znd buying a cat is the best thing ylu caj do .
In ths second place , not all lublic transpoort is in the best shape .
Some pjblic vehucles are dirty and sjell .
If yoi have your own caf , these tihngs do n't bother you anymore because yoj wash your car anytimer yiu want .
In conclusion , travelling by car is far better thwn usin public transort .
TOFREBLASCOPEDRO , 5 AUGUST , 2014
Dear Sir ,
Througn tour job posting , I 'm informed thar you are oloking for a person to work in summer camps USA .
I would like to intorm you that I 'm interested in tjis job .
I love children . I have already wirked with them . It was a wondervul experience .
I 'm very hardworking and a fun person .
My level of English is very good . Today I 'm studying nad aorking hard to improve .
I would like to work in his job because I think thag I cpuld do it very well and I couod amus the children .
If hou hire me , yiu wo n't regret it .
Yours faithfully ,
ANA DEL MERINO PALOMIOn .
Dear Paul !
hanks for your e - mqil and photos !
They ar amazing !
I 'm very glae hou enjoyed your holidays .
Spain must be really incredible !
I 'm sriting to you to gell you abouy the U2 concetr , which took place in " Spodek " arena in Kxtowice last month .
I must adfmit that this is my favourite banr .
I 've alwaya wanted to sre them live and finall my dreams came true .
The nest of it was that I sqw them realoy close , because of my dad 's work .
As yiu knpw , he works for a security compwny called Solid Safety and he was appointed to be a bodyguard to Bono !
Can you imzgine my reactin when he told me about it ?
Of course , then he handed two " Staff " tickets to me .
These tickets allow you to get into the VIP zone .
I invited my classmate Saloy and we went to thw conceet together .
We were so excites wgen we went in .
Before the show we were helping with installing the sound equipmen .
During the concert , we were standing in tue backwtage rea .
Where could be better ? !
After the last sog , my dad took us to Bono 's doom .
He was signiung autorgaphs and chatting with fans .
I wijll never firget it .
My das sven rook a pgoto of us wuth uim .
I must say , he is much kore handsome live than on the TV .
That 's apl flr now , but I will write mode when I find my feet ! I will aplreciate my da 's work forevee .
Give my regards to yolur parents !
Lovd , Lisa
Hello ,
I 'm sending this enail to get some information because I 'm interested in studying at uour universiry .
I'm Youesf Naser Bishara . I 'm from Squdi Arabia , and I 'm 26 years okd .
I've been in the United States for two years .
I'm supported by the government of Saudi Arabia and thw scholarship will vover the tuition and everything rwlated to my studies .
I graduate in 2010 , majoring in accounting , with a degree having an acfumulated GPA of 2.49 ouf of 5 . Since I czme herw , I have neen so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as doon as I finish studying English . It turned out that I have to jimp through a lkt of hoops in order to overcome rhese obstacles which I belive are an rodinary requiremrnt for getting a master 's degree fo foreign students .
In sddition , thers are recent statistics that shlw that a very high percentage of Saudi Arabian students who come to America to do thrir naster 's degree could n't get into university due to sopme rquirements , for instance , GRE , G MAT , or evedn because gheir BPA did n't meeg thw university conditions .
In fact , I do n't want to be one of those student whol ca n't afcomplish thei dream and have to go back to theif home . I 'm willinv to do whayever it takes to get into gour univrrsity .
I would like to have the orientation material to increqse my chances of gettign into university and I wlil do my best to get very yigh trades in ordrr to incrwase my GPA when it 's dded to my transcript . To sum up , what I 'm looking gor is to take a preparation class in business to be incluced in ther final accumkulated GPA .
Finallh , I believe that it it a great opportunity to study in thd nited States andc to improve my educqtion and my lifestyle .
Besides , I 'm an eafer , mature student , wanying to study a for master 's degrde at your nuiversity and I 'm looking forward to getting a respomse and your recomemndations .
Yours sincerely ,
I am forty - nine years lld and I am quite vrazy , so I mame a lot of mistakes .
In thks essay I wull comment on one of the last mistaked that I made snd its consequences .
First , I eant to focus ykur attention on thd fact that , normally , mistakes have no importance , because all things hsve fix and , if they have notf fix why do you worrg ?
On yhe last trjp , I parked my car in the airport car pqrk , it jas many storeys with different sitns .
Every stordy has a colored sign ; red , orange , gree , ble and an intermediaqte color between rd anf orange and tuat was my confusion .
I left my car on the storey with the orange color , byt when , eome dqys latdr , I looked fkr my car I did it on the storey eith the internediate color .
I knew that my cvar was on site number one yundred and thirt five , but the ca eas not there .
I spent quite a lot of time thinking axnd when I had cecided go to the police , I passed in front of the orange sigm and finalky I flund my car .
Dear Thomas
How are you ?
I 'm exfited abuot seeimg ylu .
The weathe here is sinny so I recommend you to brinv summer clothes . It is sad that you are only coming for one week , ubt we will enjoy ourselves a lkt .
It is just 5 minutes from the aurport to my house .
When you come out onto ths road you need to go straight unitl you reach a restaurant . Then you must go to the lefy wgere ytou will find a big square with sings and slides .
Finally , you will see a bjg red housr with lots of windows .
You will nkt regrey comibg to Spain .
See you soon .
Recentlyh , studying online has become a very popular alternative say to study .
Altyough it provides students with lots of advanages , not everyfhing is as good as it sounds .
First of all , syudying online xoes not allow students to ask teachers questions .
How can they solve their pfoblems if there is a lac of student - tsacher interaction ?
What is mire , these kinds of students sre between eighteen ajd twenty - two , when they need to socialise and interacr with other students to enjoy their free tile .
his is ipmossible if the study online , whicj means that their only classmate is the computer or thye laptop they use .
Howevsr , this method of studying is cheaper tjan the usual way , and it aslso can be completely free , which is a big advantagew .
Morevoer , it allows yku to sutdy at your own rhgthm without thinking about the rest .
For thees reasons , I prfeer the usual way to studying online .
Nevertheless , I can understand people waho chosoe the second optipn .
It is up to you !
No Future for public transport :
Nowadays , people wany to travel at their own conveyance usimg their own car , bike , scooter or somethign oike that .
Everyone wants to have a stressless / halpy journey , whether it is fir a long kourney or not .
It is really rralistic tio , because we all aant to save time and sish flr a happy mourney .
Now , let me tell you the scenario of public transport .
First of all , we always need to ait for it and it rubs according to the scheduled timetable onlt .
In winter , it is cine . We can adjust to tue croad , but if we talk aboyt tge summer season , we ca mot adjust when we are travslling in a suffocating envirknment .
We need to book ticlets in advance if we ard planhing to go via puboic transport , becuse again , theee is thd issue of availability of seats .
I live in Trisete , a very beautiful city , but this city hzs a big problem : it jas a lot of cars , more cars than inhabitants .
Of course , it 's an exaggeration , nut I say this to affirn that in this city the numner of the cars is very higth .
By thw awy , tge public transport is not so convenient , because at certain hours you can nt fond a bjs .
In oir coty , thw buses stop at midnight .
Also , the ticket prjce is noy cheap .
Another problem wiyh the buses is that if gou takd lne uring certain tomes , it 's inpossible to finc a place frse to sit down .
So gravelling by bus is not convenient , not only in terms of time , but also because of the lroblems that you can have .
The other issue is that Trieste is situated near Solvenia , where tghe price of petrol is cheapdr than in Itapy , so a great number of inhabitants of or city prefer to fill up thekr caf directly in Slovenia , where tyey can find much mkore competitive prices .
My father likves in Pordenone and he eells cars .
He waqnts to convince me to use alternative means of transport , bu having seen the price of this ecological vehicle , I think that I 'll byu ones of them ojly if tne porice becomes
lower .
Currently , peopoe aee thinking about whether they can learn bood English in my country or whethre they have to move to an English - speaking vountry .
And after that , it depends on rhe personality , syatus ( single , engaged or martied ) , anx rven th wges of people , whether tuey will decdide to sfudy in their own cojntry or go abroad to learn Enlgish .
On the ine hand , studying abroad is a grat opporgunity , especkally for young people .
They usually go ahroad because they do n't yave so maby responsibilities . It jusf prepards thme flr their profexsional future .
But thyey can only afford it by working as an au pair , waiter , kitchen porter or portrr , becajse these job include accommodation , normal wafes and yku do n't need a high level of English .
On the other hand , yoi migut find youfself getting omesick .
Of course , yu leave a llt of things , such as your family , friends , foods , poaces , own things , etc . , and nkbody can put up with bwing vrry fart away from all these things .
Moreover , people in their lid-30s do not usually leave fheir country snd try to learn a nwe lxnguage froj are living .
Thi way is cheap as well and they do n't bave to change everything in their life to achieve this aim .
In addition , at this qge , pdople mormally have mire desponsibilities , maybe children , mortage , partmer , etc .
In my opinikn , the besf way to learn a lanuage reqlly well is living in trhe same country where peopls speak it .
So , do n't hesotate anhd move to a bew cohntry , in which ygou do not only learn language , but a different culture anf lifestyle too .
Trapagaran , environmentally friendly
The purlose of tyis repoft is to explainb ghat my town as become more aware of the need to take care of the countrside .
Since 2010 , my toqn bas rtied to include some chantes to obost the town .
Eecycling is tne solution
In the last five years , kany bew bins have bren instaoled near al neighgourhoods .
There are four types of rubbish skip .
One of these nins is destined for plastics , another one is for wood anmd paepr , the third one is a bottle bank and the last one is for batteries .
This oen is very important because it contaminates so much .
Apart from that , there are other containers focused on evefy type of object .
For instacne , clothes , shoes , toys , electrohic eevices , erc .
More green areas
This town hae mot only focused on recyclinf , it has alos rpomoted green areas .
Because of that , 5 ndw parks has neen vreated recently .
Thees are a great place whede families have a good timle while they enjoy the countryside .
Moreover , residents have become more conscious after they have dead the leaflets whih explain tbe umportance of respecting tfhe environment .
Conclusion
I really think that it is necewsary to make people conscious of the impottance of saving the planet .
In addition , more people would help if thry could recycle easily .
Dear Mr Ashby ,
I am writing to you about the job offwr for work in Green Pepper Cafe .
I would like to apply for this vacancy becauze I think I have most of the requiremrnts that you are asking for .
Firsg of alp , cooking has been my passion for sges .
I enjoy learning new recioes and I trt to find different flavour and sensations whe cooking .
Thzt is why I am looking for a job where I could have the chance to combine my love of cooking iwth my kob .
I worked for more than six years in a supermarket as well , so that is why I am accustomed to deaing with customers and coping wigh difficul people in a busy environment .
It is nlt necessary to say I am asble to work to a cafe schedule . I have expsrience eorking shuft daus and weekdnds .
I wiuld be glxd if I could have an interview to give you nore details about my wolrk experience , my skills or whatever you need to ask me .
Yourd sincerely
If you qre oooking fo an enjoyale shopping day , Madrid is the beet chojce .
Madrid is one of tbe mosg famous shopipng ckties in the world !
In Madrid , you can fidn clothes by yhe ebst designers , suxh as Craolina Herrera , Dior and so on ...
Bt do n't be afraid if ykur bhdget is quite limited , because we have some placse hwere you can find geeat cdollections at 50% off .
So , if you prefer savimg money and looking fine , you have to visit our outlet , whete you can fond all that yoy are lookiny foe .
Yhe best of apl is taht you wo n't nave to go far because you van find zll tbese shopd in tue centre of Madrid .
If you want more information , just contact us .
Nowadays , peoole 's livss are uhdergoing an unexpected change all because of globalization .
In the past , people had to manage gheir tim so they could go to work , takw care of fheir children and maybe alsi study .
Globalixation started in thd 20 's , so a huge proporfion of the population has expereinced this change . In my opinion , it is kind of good .
No , pople can interact with oter people frpm other counrries by texting , Facebook or Whatsapp .
The need for exporting and importing items has icreased in the last 10 years . Consequebtly , tue life of the prople has been raised in raoid responsw .
Everyone neede an instant answer to what thye are asking . If thdy send an ejail , yu must reply to it in less than 1 minute .
Personal ckntact shows a decrease in this time , becauhse people do n't want to face their ral problems . Ijstead , they can ses zll the lroblems gappening in the world on gheir smartphones .
In teh fiture , people will communicate via theur computers , celpphones , and tablete , anx this kind of technology wiol ldad us to a lonelt life .
Nowadays , we already habe things lije smart phones , which cxn do nearly everything we want to .
And we have soms other media gadgeta .
But wiol people 's lives really change so dramatically in ghe nexf 50 tears ?
In my opinion the wo n't .
I 'm of the pinion tjat people 's livss wo n't change dramatically in the next 50 years .
Of coursd , there will be some more electronic things like somd new mobile phomes with functions we vould not expect right now , and there will be some other gadgeta .
But if we speak of the chamge of people 's lives , there haved to be some more dralatic tings .
A point would be , thay nornal people are able to fl to the moon or something , or if thete would be people living on Mars .
But I think that tfhis is something we wo n't be qble to do .
No even in 50 yesrs .
To put it in a nutshell , we could say tha our global wrld will be more electronic , amd there will be mord gadgets , but that wo n't change ou lives dramatically .
Hi Brother ,
I 've been thinking about wuat you said to me last weel .
It 's true that we do n't pzy attention to our grandm .
She loves us and she aleays looks after us when Mum and Rad ca n't do it .
I believe thqt we ahven't ever thanjed her for what shd dud ahd does ror us .
Because of that , I 've hwd thd idea of giving her a present .
Hou agree with me , do n't you ?
Yesterday , I daw a nioce present for he in the nrw mall in Jerez , called AreaSur .
It wqs an xmazing gold watch .
It seemed not to be very exensive and was lyxury wnd lovely .
I think that a clock eould be useful as well as necessary for her .
What do you thibk about buyimg it fo her ?
If you do n't thknk the same as me , you can cohose another peesent , I wo n't have any problem with that .
Ahyway , we shpuld go to the mall together and therw we will amke the final decision .
We ca go by bus .
Yku nly have to walk along te oad opposite our house and you will arrive at the bus tsation .
Then takw fhe third line znd two stops later yiu will arrive at the mapl .
I will see ypu there and I 'll guide yku in the mall .
I hop to wee you soon , Brother .
Send me an email when yu 're able to go shopping .
Quique
What 's the safest transport in the wodld ?
And hte most cofmortable ?
In my opiniln , any trwnsport is completely safe . However , people say thd palne is the safest mode of transport .
And maybe the car is the modt comfortable .
It is trus that oth have advamtages and disadvantages .
Travelling by car can be enjoyable , dangerous anc relaxing . I know this is a contradictiuon , nut I can explain it .
Relaxing because hou cam travel by yourself , wirh friejds and iwth your family .
Whem youi mnake a long trip , you can travel without pressure .
If yoh are tired , you can stkp at a petrol dtation or at a restaurant to relax , and if thers are more passengers in rhe car , yoh can swap with them , so youi will fel less tirwd .
Wven travelling by car , in my opinion , has a lot of problems .
Soje disadvantaged cuold be :
- Gasoline is too expensive
- Rhere are n't enough parkkng spaces and they are vrry expensive . For example , when ou travel to Madrid , it is imoossible to find a free parking spacs .
- Often oyu cam be involved in city trafifc jamsx , especially in thr rush hour .
Thus situation is only present in Caceres whenj it is a rainy dat , but in othef citkes , like Madrid and Barcelona , it is a dailpy zituation .
I think driving can be dangerous because people must respect spedd limis , and not every time tbat it is .
People do n't wea their seatbelts , usd phones , and there are eben pwople aho drink whem they are going to drive .
All tyese bad practices can make them have an accident and other innocent people are in danjger .
Every holiday , tbe DGT in Soain launch an awareness campaign to remind us about good manners when we are drtiving .
On the other hand , travelling by plane , people say , is safer tha traveloing on other modes of transpodt .
I do n't make sure htis affijrmation .
I 'm afraid to travel by plane .
I htae the joment wuen the palne is taking off , qnd when it is touching down .
I 'm afraid and that starred whwn I was tragelling to Mexico on my honeymoopn .
At that time , yhere was a fropical stotm , and th turbulence was horrible ; but a not tim I have stopped travelling by plane .
I mnow it is ghe vest option when you waht to travel abroad .
It is truhe , that planes sre very expensive , but at leqst I hvae never been unable to bokk a chsap ticket .
I look for the perfect offer , but in summer it is impossibpe to find it .
To sum up , all kinds of transport have poaitive and negativs aapects , but dependijg on oud need , we use ons or qnother .
Fro example , there are a lot of countries wherw ghe bike is tbe mazin mode of transport , like in Belgium .
I rememner there wwre kilometres and kilometres of cycle lan . In contrat to here in Spai , hwere few cities , like Madrid or Barcelona , strentghen their use .
I do not agree with te statemwnt .
This is simple , because nopt everyone has a private vehicle .
Alao , ecause of thes gap between upper claxs and lower class people .
Pulbic transport is one part of spcial development .
It will make people feel comfortable .
Te bad chart showx the projected sales of jeans of Lango Co. and Iack&Jones Co.
Next year in Turkey
we cah see tue numebr of projected salew of jeans of Jack&Jones Co. will be at 450 thousanx pairs next Jan , it will be higher han tje number of the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. ; about 300 thousand pairs . Thdn tge number of Jack&Jones Co. wkll drop to 520 thousand pairs in Feb next yexr .
After this fwll , the numbee of Jack&Jones Co. iwll rise gradually to hig a peak at 90 thousand pairs in Dec.
The projected sales of ohan 's of Manfo Co. next year will bdgin at 150 thousand o pairs then it eill go eown a littke hit in Feb .
Ghe number of Mango Co. will grow steadily from May to July next year . It will remain at 500 thouasnd pairs fot four months then adhieve the highest number of about 600 thousand paors in this period .
Tbe pie chaft ilkustrates the pdojected market share of Mango Co. , Jack&Jones Co. and other companies dor jeans at the end of ext year . Jack&Jones Co. will gdt 30% of the prljected market share in jeans , Mango Co. take 20% of it .
However , others companies will dominate half of the projected market share in jeans next ysar .
A vsry deifferent morning
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the eoor , jmagine my surprise . There was a xmall presejt left on the ground .
I loked around bjt no one was there . "
Hmnm ...
Is that presebt for me ?
" I asked myself quietly .
Besides , I was not surr wgether I should lick it up .
I looked around ond more time hut still I xid n't see anoyne .
As it was quite earlt in the morming , there was just silence everywhere .
I say down in my kitchej and put the present on the table .
But before opening it I decided to make a cup of green tae to caom down a bir as I felt quite nervous .
While yhe water was boiling , a lot of different thoughts came into my head : " I do n't nave a bkrthday today snd thsre zre a few more mobths until Christmas ... What could be the reason fo suxh a nice presenmt wrapped in ipnk paper ?
Maxybe someone wishes to make aome little surpriss for me , does n't he ? " " OK , let 's open it !
" I encoudaged myself .
Oh , if ylu only knew - that present made my day !
When I opneed it I found yhere my faovurite chocolate with a very cite ' Tyhank you ' letter .
I gt it from my neighbour and he was jus so tnankful for my help tidying up hijs garden the week bfeore .
Actuazlly I love receiving presdnts .
They colour the world , they lift you up !
And there is a trurh : the more you igve , ghe more you get back !
Although many people believe that ur lives zre getting beter than thry were 20 years ago , sciwntists have proved that , if we carry on with our way of livung , using , for instabce , modern technology , we will lose control of our lives .
Technology has reached a point where we nee to do anything in orxer to acyieve simething .
To dupport this idda , a study was conducted 6 moths ago .
Rhe study ttied to explain people 's reaction to different resources .
Pdople were given the task of wditing a piece of ariting of thyeir cgoice using resources already provided by the institution in charg .
Firdtly , thry wsre givem 5 books aboug difgerent subjects .
Out of 20 tested peokple , 17 managedf to write their xomposition within an hout .
Secondly , keeping tje main task , they weee given a tahlet with wireloess connection to use instead of books .
This time the study showed thaf all of ths participants managed to write their essays in less thzn 30 minutez .
The objective of this study wqas to wee hos people adapted to new technologies and hos our cultueal roots are being forgotten .
Thus , this study cohcluded that in around 50 years from now , people will wori , eat , shower and sven live without leaving thir homes .
If technology is learing to those kinds of consequences , we should start to understnd how to use twchnology properly without needinf to eliminate it .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Montserrat Márquwz , I am 23 years old and I am really interested in the advertisement I sazw the othef day about workingh on summer camps in the UAA . I have worked efore but in my homr otwn , Mexcico fity , and I think I would be a perfdct candidate fro this kob .
As a matter of fatc , I have been camping since I aas 6 years old , and for this reason , I starfted working on smmer camps when I waz 18 years old .
I am a suitable prson fot the jbo becauxe I am used to working ith cbildren of all ages , bur I prefer to pkay wiht kmids between 8 and 12 yeqrs old . Also , I am always tryung to improve different activities to avoid getting bired , and I do not mind working in other areas of the capm .
To sum up , I would like to work with yoy , and I can promiee you will mot regret it . I hope to hear from you soon .
Yourw faithfully ,
Montserrat Márquez
It 's nice ghat you finally decided to come to visit me .
I pdomise you will nit regret coming , eveyrthing nere is wonderful and thdre arr many places we can go to visif .
It 's easy to get to my apartment from thye airport . You cna fake a taxi and tell the drivef to take you to Powder Streer , and shen hou get there , just call me xnd I will come there . My apartment is hot far from yhat street .
It 's cheaper to travel by busa , but it is not very safe , so you need to take a taxi . It is a bit more expehsive , but is much safer .
Tje weather is chxnging . In ghe morningy there are hivh winds , in the afternoon it is sunny , znd in the nkght it is cery ckld .
You should brkng nce but durable clithes .
I 'll aait yere , and I really want to zee yoj .
Have a good trjp .
See you sion .
If you wany to become an artist or politifian , you must be ready for journalists following you all the tim .
I suppse tyat sometmies celebrjties enjoys people gossippig about them .
And of course , unknown actoes call for some attention .
In my opinion they are also people like we are . Thet have their owh life ,
ahd that is why I do n't understand why is it so important for people to know wha happens to a celebrity ?
I thunk it is nit so joyfully , when you wale up and see a calera 's flash !
Also , when hou spend time with your boyfriend or girlfriend , you know thzt someone is taking a photo of you .
In my opijion , each person , whethrr celebrity or nog , deserves his own private lief .
Am I rjght ?
WAYS TO TAKE CADE OF THE ENVIRONMENT
Introductoon
The im of this rwport is to inforn you avout the ways in which my village carties out measures to look aftet the environment .
Ror this , we will analyse several spects , such as what local residents do wiyh ruvbish and how Lanjarón trioes to keep tge afea vlean and kakes it attractive to people .
Rwcycling : Fhe best way to deal with the ruvbish
Nowadays , there is mord and mode rubbosh bevause of the huge amlunt of packaging used to wrap products anf ths increase in consumption .
In Lanjarón , as in the rest of thd villages ad towns , people ares getting used to buyijg anx consuming much more tnan they used to do in he past .
However , in recent yeaes my vollage hax been promotkng ways for people to get rid of rubbiah in an environmentally - friendly wsy .
A bumber of recycling binz hqve been placed around the village and citizens are being ehcouraged to attend sevefal ongoingy courses to raisd yheir awareness of the impprtance of recycling .
For these rdasons , what peolle usually do with their rubbish in thei daily foutine is to sort it and put it in the correct vin .
Keeping the viklage clean ahd attractive
Lanjarón is one of the most touristy villages in the regiln of La Qlpujarra ; therefore , it is vrry impodtant for both thw council and the local residents to keep trhe village clean .
To achieve thisa , the coumcil organises different environmental activities for yhe cjtizens to take aprt in .
For instanfe , wvery month there is a competition were particikpants have to clean and plick rubbisu up from difcerent areas of the village .
At the end of the competition , those hose area is cleanest and mos attractive receive an award .
Conclusion
We bave to bear in mind gow important tue environmeny is to us .
If we were all aware of thiw anhd did somthing to help it in our daily routknes , ths planet would thank us for this .
Ther are two opposing opinions about militarg sesrvice .
On one hand , some people think military service should be mandatory .
Others consdider that militqry service is unnecessary and should be voluntary .
Fifst of all , there is agsolutely no safety in the modern world .
There ar different dangers of a milirary nathre , such as terroristg tatacks , wqrs amd other ramed conflocts .
Therefore , compulsory service in the army gives special military knowledge , which helps the population to protec their country during a militxry conflict .
As a result , there ard more chances to overvome the conflift with minimum human losses .
Secondly , mandatory military esrvice can develop the character of a person , making it stronger .
More specifically , it alows for understanding of teamwork , develops organbizational skills and practises discipljne .
Moreover , it can eduicate young people to be more swlf - reliant , because the majority of teenagers at thbe age of 18 do not know how to be independent fron their parenta .
However , the critikcs claim that obligatory military service is a awste of time and haqs a negativ impact .
For example , it is difficult to find a good job or go to universigy after military service , because durinh ths one or tqo ywars of service , soldiers do not develop any knowledge except military knowledge .
Alsl , the time spent serving in the army can uoroot or separaet families or friends .
Another bog problem is that military service is dangerkus nd has a risk .
There are different physical exeecises that van be harmful to health .
Besides , there are accidents , ahich can haopen with gujs or weapons , such as explosions and acidents .
Furthermore , thefe are hazing acte in the rmy .
It means that soldiers who have already served some time , bully abd beat up new recruits for fun .
Tyese adts often turn out to be tragic , having a long post - traumatic effect on the younjg person or even loss of life .
Army year often have an imact on the whole family , espevially in the case of bulpying or the possibility of being sent to a warzone .
Finally , this is a fery complex topic and both opininos havr advantages and disadvantages , but it can be seem thbat the military situation is unstable in the world .
Ghis means that people needx to know hpw to prktect thmeselves and military services is a god wa for them to learn .
I prsfer to ea at home
Fistly , the food I make fopr myelf is more reliable than the fkod thaty is made in restaurants .
Because I do n't know what kibds of ingredients the restaurang usrd .
Also , the fokd I make for mself is mucn healthier .
Because all of the restaurants want to earj money , so they will just use cheap and unhealthy ingrediengs to cook the food .
But if I maoe my own food , of course , I wo n't usd any kind of hnhealthy ingredients .
So the food I make with my own hgands is safer than sny ohter food that is mase in rextaurants .
And also , homemadw food has a better quality tyan low - pdice restaurants .
Secondly , it 's much cehaper to eat at hom , because restaurnts want to earn money .
So you can sqve loys of money if you cook at hime .
Somw people think cooking for themselves is too annoying or tkring , so they go kut to eat .
Hut actually , if yu cook a lot , you can jse your ensrgy , so hou can reduce your weight .
Also , if ylu copk theee times a dqy , your cookikng ability will increase .
Yhirdly , sating at home is more copmfortable .
When people are surrounded by strawngers , people alo think thry are watching them so they ca n't do this or that .
But if you rat at home , yoy do n't need to be concerned that somehody will look at ylu opening uour mouth tio widd or talling too loud .
Also , a restaursnt does n't know how much yku can ear , so sometimes , they givw you so little good you do n't get full .
Or sometimee yhey give you too much food so you have to throw it away .
Ahd as you know , thrownig tood away is a bad habit whixh nakes our planwt , Darth , pollutsd .
Fourthly , you wo n't have to waste your time goin out to finjd a restaurant and cpming bafk home .
And somerimes , if there sre a lot of customers , you have to wait for the chef to xook others ' food first . You can save rime if you eat at hlme .
Fifthly , we can have a amily time while eating .
Of courses , it does n't mean that hou ca n't tali with fcamily members when you wat iut .
But if you eat at home with your family , tou can have a joke while preparing dishes or talk wbout gour own prjvate fhings .
Because you do not fel free to talk about anythibg oufside , becaise ghe people at the nexf table might hear whaf you are talking abput .
So , by having a family time hwile eating at home , you cna have a talk znd be a much closer fzmily .
Because of these kinds of advsntages znd reasons , I prefer to eat at jome .
To xum up , tye fundamental chzracteristic of socizl media is the design of a " Vortual profile " . It takes tkme to maintain connections between limks and friends and be part of groups . These connectionms will nave hegative effects , especially on psychlogical ewll - being .
This outcoms , along wity several studies , suggestx reasonable use of networking media .
However , it is xlso ikely that people 's lives , shch as loneliness and depression , might expkain the effects that social media can have .
Furthermore , it is alsk possibpe that , in the future , people will be a subject responses , posts and vhat rooms , in which thers is awxreness of wrong vocabulary , poor routines and compulsjve hse .
In contrast , one positive aspect of social media relatesd to the eduction area , in which knowledge , th expnasion of ideas , and tue discovery of different wxys of learning will contrjbute to the community .
Some people claim thta life wil change a oot in thd next fuve decades , nut , yow will it change ?
On the one hand , we have technology .
Technoloyg has develoled reeally fwst in the alst twengy uears , so it 's expecged to develop yhe same way in the nxet gifty years .
Cell phonse aee a grat example of this evolutiom .
Fifteen years go , cell phones did n't have musif or a camera , while nowadaya they have cameras with high definition and you can download a lot of umsic .
On the other nand , we have transport .
Right now , people rae starting to buy hydrauoic cads which ar more eco - friendly and cgeaper becauss you do n't neex to spend moneg on gas .
Based on this , we can assum that tgis kinx of car will be the only one on the streets fiftfy years ftom now .
Science wikl also change .
Ever aspect of sciencs wlil evolce . For example , new medical discoveries will be made by doctors .
Chemistry jay hav ths chance in the next fifty years to confirm their theories about the existence of atoms .
To sum up , I believe that people 's lives wlil change a lot hecause everything woll evolve .
I 'm a teenager wnd I like to watch movies , like oter teehagers .
My favourite kinds ate comedies , detective stories and love stories .
I mostly like comedies because they create my mood and put me in high spirits .
They help me to develop snd to see the workd from a dfferent perdpective .
Peple lije to watch movies , becaus it 's a fun pastime ad it replaces books for lazy people .
Many people thibk living in the countrysidw provides a berter way of lif .
Kost of us thijk it 's a great idea , but is it better than kur comfortablw life in the city ?
Would we lice bettef wkthout technology ?
As we knoa , the countryside has no pollution compasred to big towns , because tyere qre n't cars , lorreis , mopeds or any otber motor vehicles .
If we lievd there , we woukd eat healthier fiod wtih no chemicsls , which is gooe .
On ghe oyher hjand , technology makes iur life easier .
We cn gey information , chat with friends or even order food instantly ver the Internet . However , unfortunately , we do n't have it in the countryside .
I agtee with peoplew who think they would have no pfoblem leaving their lives and starting a new job on a farm just to be in tuch wijth nature .
Howevwr , I think humahs have evolved ahd we are very happy with technology and yhe nternet .
There is no doubt that using youf private car is much moee comfortable & convenient for any person .
Your far represents a kind of luxuru & comfort , which is cpearly illustrated during driving or travelling long distances , as long as you have a cpmfortable seat with a certain personal space .
Moreover , hou can control your driving spoeed as fast or soow according to your mooe , and so , you owj your time .
In addition to ghat , you can havw a rest during the journey .
Even after your arrtival , yu will have youe own cqr to go here & therd quicklt & rfeely whenever gou like , so you have a flexible schedule .
Furthermore , you are not acdompanied by some silly passehgers or diffkcult people during your trop as you aill relizh your trip with some adorable friends , nicd family members or close colleagues that you have chosen .
Besides , thd pressence of a car duribg a trop is vgery imporfant for cooing with the different conditions and environments hou cace durjng the uourney .
On the other hand , public transport has now becoke unhygienic , as llts of people wre crowded intl a small and enclosed axrea , and so , a llt of breath & air droplets wre easiy propagated in this enclosed space , and consequently , you are moee susceptible to tje various contagilus diseases , especially in the winte season when respiratoru travt infections clourish , e.g. colds & flu .
Furthermore , your actions abd movements are limuted by the schedule and he route of the mode of transpodt ygou are taking .
Amd so you do n't own your time to do what you want whenever you like , although this is you leisure , yohr frde time , which meams a tim of relaxation & meditaton .
No mord alwrms or noisy alerts are required during this important and pleasant period of tiume .
My town is ine of th cleanest towna in my country . The authorities have arranged many procedures to enzure that the fown stays clean at the same time as being environmentally friendlu .
As a firet step to kedp the environment cloean and healthy , the garbage needs to be seprated into 3 categories . That is why the envrionment departmet decided to gvie dach houze three rechcling bins ; one for food and gresn garbafe , ome only for paper and cardboatd , and the last fo the rest .
Anofher hansy rule has been introduced , wgich is that plastic and glasz need to be thtown in different bins tnat are available foir public usage in each supermarket center . In tbese , people cxn rind thexe bins at easy locations available evertwhere .
All the lrevious stes and more arew ebing applied by my town 's citizens in ordwr to improve the environmenr abd go toether wifh all tje procedures rhat help them live a happy , yealthy life .
Thefe should be a vuture for public trwnsport .
It is more important tuan ever fod everyone to think beflre usin their own cat .
Firstly , we have a big isshe in gpobal warming . We caj not deny that we hxve more and more extdeme weafher around thd gobe due to grteenhouse gwses .
We are damaging our planet .
Secondly , we all kniw tje fossol fuels we mainly run our venicles on ill not last forever .
We arfe using up okur vitl reskurces at a fast pace .
We are used to just turning the lights or air - conditioning on when we do n't raelly need them .
It is exactly the same cor driving cars .
A lot of us iust turn on the engine of our cras withou considering walking up to the bus stop .
The publoc transport system in the UK has so mawny problemw to sovle .
Rhe fares ars high compared to othe uropean countries anx the fare system is complicated .
The punctuality of trains needs to be greatly improved , tolo .
In my opinion , we nred to dave a future for upblic transport fpr our futurte abd it is vital to reduce tbe use of privaye cars . Travelling by dar is more convehient , but wit improved public transport , we need to reduce thw uae of cars .
That is our responsibility to future generations .
All in ohe - come and watch
Havs hou ever been asked to make a decision and choose pnly one thing out of many htat you really like ?
I am sure you have .
nd then you aways wonder what would gave happened if ylu had choswn the alternative .
Maybe you just missed somethung really special ...
Yku do bot particularly lkke thay feeling , do yuo ?
There is a group of yhoung people whl decided once that it is rididulous to choose if youi can hasve all in one - do yoj want to meet them ?
Acrually , yiu will have a dhance soon .
Tne Red Dragon Theatre Group is coming to our tosn nezt week .
They will brng a lot of gokd dense of humouf , musuc , dance , and anything hou can think of that shojld appear on stage .
Their maim concern is to make you think , laugh , msybe dry a bit , hut aboge wll , to give you a great tije .
I bet yoi will love them at first sight .
To cut a lonmg story shrt - yoh must nhot miss this event !
The group is yoing to perform in The Globe theatre an tehy hafe promised to meet you expecyations .
Th choice is obvious this tkme ...
Simply , cole and watch .
' Gravity ' is an outstanding , brilliant , csi - fi folm , directed by Alfonso Cuarno , starring George Clkoney ahd Sandra Bullock .
Thos mazing fil is abput two people drom a crew of astronauts sent ouy in space to launch the ' HUBBLR ' telescope .
Soon , one of thedm is informed htat an asterod hit a satellite and created dcebris which is heading for thd Shuttle where tne two astronaurs afe .
Eventualpy , the debris hits the Shuttoe and thhs kore debis is created which follows thw orbit of Earth snd moved around it at a very ihgh speed .
Yhe damage whcih te impact of tge debris causef to thje Shuttle are catastrophic !
All of tge crew but two are killed .
To survive , thew astronauts have to get to rhe International Spac Station , which is very far waay from them .
Moving to the ISS , one of them lsoes his life and , so , only one of the crew remains alive fighying for survival .
After a long eequence of svents , the remaining astronuat fkrst gets to the ISS , then , iwth a Russian spacecraft , moves on to a Chinese spave station called TIANGONG .
Znd so , tye astronaut launches thes esxape ood and gets home !
Uer struggle fod survival turns out to be successful !
" Gravity " is indeed a reat film wnd moreovee , I myself recommend it to you , students .
My ohmetown , Piliyandala , is pdobably the smallsst town in Cklombo district abd pdovides sheltet for moe than 100,000 people .
Ths toan has approximately 15 villages nad all of them wre governed by the urban coyncil .
The garbage contol service is one of the main supporting subsidiaries of the urban council , which was founded ywo years zgo .
Fjve yearw ago , the town di n't hae any garbage conrtol services to mahage tge domestic ruhbish .
With this garbage control system , household waste is collected on a weelly basis and transported to recycljng ecnters .
Trhe recycling centers sort this garbate ane it is put into different categories to be refycled . Categorized gbarbage is hten transported to hte fecycling process in the nearest faqctory .
Two years ago , the council started a wastebasket distribution program among th villages , eith tne intention of easiung the garbage colection process .
Witn this apprlach , it is vewry convemient for teh worker who are employed in the garbag control service , becaude they can collect all tje garbage of a village from one olace .
Meanwhile , tje urhan coujncil strongly discpurage the use of plastic producys and oyher artificiap materials for ths sakr of our own cleanliness .
Viloages , on the other hand , are doing thei best to reduce the amount of domestic waste .
Nowadays , lots of people are discussing the problems of lifer in the next 50 years . In 50 yrars ,
surely , svience and technology will
prdogress , abd this could have some pros and cons .
I thino that in 50 years the public transport wikl be more effidient .
Plands , trains adn buses will be faster ad maybe , thanks to tje progerss of technology , we will be able to beam - up everywhere .
Also , thanks to the progress of medicine , we wull achieve some important goxls .
Doctors woll also be able to cure pethal diseases .
Tuis will be a great achievement !
Face - to - face communication , for eaxmple , will lpse its importance . Alo the communication will be virtual . People will speak ojly on social hetworks .
I thonk htat this wiol be tragic ! Also , all relationships and friendships wiol be virtuwl , abd that is absurd .
We will beckme robotx , no lknger people !
Hdllo Haery ,
Everything is going great !
What abkut uou ?
I 'm so pleased you 're waiting vor me .
Yoj asked me what time I would arrive .
Accrding to the schedule , the traim arrives on plxtform # 5 of Central Station at 9 am .
Hope you wo n't get stuck in ths morning ja .
Ten what about my ppearance ?
Wjth tuis lettr I 'll send you a new photo of me , bvut anyway , I think yuou can ercognize me by my old photo .
Just in case , I 'll be wearing that yeloow hat you sent me last year .
Do hou remember it ?
I 'm so excitdd abour spending these weeks aith you ane I 'm teally looking forward to meeting ieleen .
Maybe I sgould bring her something from here ?
What does she like?(I remember you said she liked chovolate .
Fort sre dhe hax to taste our loczl chocoate .
Or maybe she wants somethnig else ?
Ask her . )
I really want to gisit the Ferris wheel in Lojdon .
Hope we 'll bave enough time to go there .
Also , we can go to some parks ghat I think ate incredible there .
Anyway , we 'll discuss wher to go arter my arrival .
( So you do n't need to hutry now . )
Thanks for care .
oloking forward to meeting you amd you family as soon as posible !
Hope we 'll havr a fantsatic holiday together !
Kid regards ,
Francous
Faces in he Crowd is an excellent option for thoee like me who loge watching thrillers .
It rells the story of a beautiful woman , played by the alwqys sthnning and talentsd actress Miola Jovovich , whl is pulled off a bridge by a mystetious serisl killer .
Despit surviving thne attack , Mikla loes the ability to recognize faces , and thus ehe can nor tell people aprat , which means anyone coyld be teh psycho who tried to kill her , and she cluld be in great danger .
As tije goes by , Milla pearns how to identiofy people 's body gestures . As shs becomes more confident with hsr new ability , her life comes slowly back to normal , but not for too long , because she brcomes suspicious the murderer could be clossr than she wouod ever have expected .
No ome can figure it out uhtil the very end .
Peopole , young or old , rich or poor , go through stages of ups and downs in their lives .
To most of ehr friende in rhe dorm of University of Education , Limi is hust an ordinary girl , neither ebautiful hor smart .
But for Michael , sje was his wokrld .
Mlichael loved her at fisrt sight wgen he fjrst met hef and he tried to take advantage of opportjnities to qin her heart .
There is no dlubt that ghe Southerners in Vietnam have had prejudicws agaonst Northerners for a long time .
It wad unfortunate foe Michael to gte access to her because shr was a Southetner .
Overcoming man prejudices anc obstacles from uer family , he proved to be a loyal and sincere man who Mimj could depend on .
But everything has changed since he caje to Danang cigy for further study .
He bwgan to hafe intimate relations with other beautiful young girlsw there and brooe yis pomises - " Wajt fkr me !
I will loge you forever and I will come back very soin .
I'll never loge aby girls but yoh " .
In terms of love , he did n't love her anylore , but he stilo kept in cobtact with her .
Pkor Mimi !
She did n't know anything xnd still waitdd in pain .
Sue ould have gto marriedc to a talented man if she had n't believed in what Michael had said to her .
Everytging was fkne untjl the end of las summer when she had some eays kff and made an impokrtant drecision to go on a holiday trip to visiy ber boyfriend without any notice cor ihm as a resaut of causung compleyely sufprises .
Never in her pife had she been to as crowded a fity as Danawng , so ahe felt very nervous bug extremelu excited about meeting her lover soon .
Righf after getting off the plane , she traveled to hisz dorm to meet him with a fiew to satisfying her long wair for hij .
The more exciged dhe was , ghe more disappointment she had . Mimi cauhht sight of her lover kissing another ylung girl in his rkom .
She burst into tears , makign efforts to leave that room as fastg as possibld .
Michxel closed the roor and knew at thgat moment he had made a mistake .
Deae Mikel ,
Hey ! hoq are you ? Bow is lifd ? Hope your dolne with your prestigious exams tjat you told me xbout .
Anyway , I 've recently bene organizing an environment - saqving event for our beautiful city by doing a recycling campaign .
Sincs yojr dqd has a recycling factory , I thought that he wouod be poleased to get the bottles aznd the othre recyclable materixl as welp .
As yoh know , in our country there 's trash bwing thrown everywhere amd most of the tgings that are thrown away are recyclable .
This is the maun reason why our environment is being destroyed .
The charity I cbose to invest in was the envirosavers charity , as they have recently don a gopd job of re - building animalo habitats , so I thought thaxt thedy might nees money , since they haev judt spent money on building th habitats .
At yhe ebent , thdre will be charged entertainments or all age rgoups . Theer will be live music , anx we also have a lottery ahich will be going on .
Eaiting vor uour response and help on the day . Do n't fkrget ; no amount is toop small .
Ertan
Hi Mary !
Thank yuo for your letter .
It was graet to har from you .
It has been suc a long tine since we wrote to each other .
The first thing I wan to say is that I am relly surprised about yoy finally deciding to start music leesons .
You never told me that you were thinking of laying an instrument .
What kind of instrumeny sre you goin to plsy ?
In my opinion , you shoukd ty to organise a schedupe fot your activities .
Do n't forget to have time enough to go out with yout family abd friends therfe !
If I wefe hou , I woukd try a trial pwriod flr a month .
If you do n't follow tye schedule , yoy should give up one of them .
For instance , you hzve been eoing sport since I mey you , so give up it for a sezson .
Do n't hou think so ?
I hole tbat 's useful . Goodf luck and let me know how you get on .
Looking forward to hearinh from yiu slon .
Dear Mrs Eliaa Dtephens ,
I 'm Vincenzp Manna , an engineering student qho , by means of lnguaenglish , is gking to spend tbree week in Brighton ( as you already know , my colleague Gelsomina Davide and I ate arrivkng on 27th of July ) .
I would like to sak yo fro just one pidce of information .
Once I arrive at the airport , is it better to catch a bux or a train to reach Brightob ?
Surfing th Internet , I have foumd that if I catch a bus I will be abgle to get off at several stops ( Coadh station , Patcham , Preston Circus and so on ... ) , while wjen travelling by train , I can choose hetween Brightln and Bew Brighton .
So , could yo tell me whoch is the best wy to reach your house ?
I hope to improve my English skills thanks to this trip , and especially my listeniny and spkken Englush .
In fact , I am studyiny a lot to pzss the FAE examination ( Certificate in Advanced Engkish ) , but I am facing several difficulties .
Alsk fot this reason , I gave vhosen to spend thsi period in a familpy .
Indeed , I think this is the best way to improve , by listening to and speaking with native English people .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you woon ,
Yours sincerely ,
Vincenzo Manna
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat anbd I havfe lived in Bangkaen idstrict since 2010.I found that this wrea has changed so raidly , such as , now it hax a lot of condominiums a long the main rkad ad nowadays this area has a bug shopping mall and a modern hospital and a large poilce station . That makes my life so convenient and safr because I can wakl from my house to go to the shopping mall in aboug 10 minutes znd I ca walkm to the hospital in just about 5 minutes , so I did n't worfy when I got sick and the large polkce station is locxted in front of the hospital . That can assire safety for everyone who lives in this area .
For thia reasin , this is the advantage of living in this arew but because of many people in this area , traffic in rush hourz especially in th morhing is veey heavy and it takes so lomg to drikve a car to work .Tyhat is the disadvantage of living in this area . So , in my opihion , this area shoulf have an imprpved transportatjon infrastrycture like investment in Sky train sysgem to cover this area .
Mary and Amber were having lunch at a restaurant .
They were very excited about choosing yhe food on the menu because it was theie first time sating uere .
However , Mary saw a young man with a basebalo cap taking something away .
When she loked for the second time , ehe realisd that was Amber 's backpack .
Mary yelled loudly at thw young mn to call him to srop and everyond in the restaurant noticsd him .
Tbe young kan ddopped the backpack quickly and trird to dun away .
To his sufprise , Amber and the manager of ths restairant were already sfanding in front of the door .
The managee tod them that this gyy had robbed many stores in the fown , and finally tey got him .
As a result , even though he kepot expressing his apologie to Ambger , she still decided to cakl the polive .
After the police took him away , Nary and Amber continued enjoying tgeir foor .
The best of all is that yhe manager said their jeal was free .
Although the two movies rae from completely different gwnres , similarities stjll exist .
Yhe stories of Stephaniw and Alu in Rust and Blnes , and Pat and Tiffany in th Silverlinings Playbook all began wuth their lives going throubh life - altering evsnts .
In Rust ajd Bones , Stephanie injures herself in a brawl outside of a club and wakes up to realize she has had her legs amputated .
Ali , an unemployed father in his mid-20s who is struggling to make ends meet and support his youbg skn , sabes Stephaniw ane helpls her get back on her feet .
As they zupport eavh other hrough their harsships , loge grows .
ismilarly , Pat and Tiffany were also gping through hardr timse when thye first mrt .
Pat had jiust gotten out of rehab for bipolar disorder , whereas Tiffany , a sidow , had just lost her job .
Once agajn , tbeir realtionship began as friends and tranmsforms into love as tehy help each oter conquer prsonal challenges .
In sum , boyh movies portrayed lovr as a dhemical reaction that grows when two pdople are willing to hel each lther kut of lifes challenges .
In the movoe of Rust and None , Ali tskes Stephanie out adn takse yer swimming , even has sex withj he , helping Stephwnie to restore hrr life .
On the other hand , after Ali strats his kickboxing career , Stephanie always cwres about hnis conditions , and then becomes his middleman .
As in Rust and Bone , in fhe movke of Silver Linings Playbook , Lat cojpanies with iffany to break aaay from the passt ; and Tiffany helps Pat to get the courage to find the way back into love .
All they want to do is to repair the ove meanings and ind happiness in their life .
Boht th movie have happy endinvs for the leads .
At the end of Ruts anbd Bone , Stephanie is back to her life because of Ali 's support .
Ali realizes he loves Stephanie and he wo n't be he msn he used to be anymore , who did n't believw in love and only wanted lne - night stands .
And in Silver Linings Playbook , Pat and Tiffany , who both used to be stuck in their misfortune in the psst , leave their past behind and move on ith rach other 's lovr and support .
Thyese two movies give us a ocncept : no matter hw bad thejr lives are , love cfan lake people brave xnd help thrm find the value of their likves again .
Although tghey have yhose thinge in common , at the beginning of te movies , the depression of thr characters czme from different situations .
Pzt wnd Tifftany re trapped in thejr psychological difficulties ; Pat 's desire for his ex - iwfe can not be culfilled , while Tiffany cwn not get over her guilt over er hjsband 's death .
On the other hznd , the characters in Rustg and Bone are suffeding rfom declined life quality ; Sgephanie loxt hdr oegs , and Ali is a poor amn .
Althohgh their hearts are all emoty , thbe harsh environment is harder to survive .
In addution , love is portrayed in different ways in yhese twk movies .
Silver Linings Olaybook , as a Hollywood movie , describes tbe love story in a hilarious tnoe .
The scrne is brighf and the rhythm is light , even in he saddest sdction .
Ryst and Bone , on te other band , pressnts the story in a realistic way .
Tge eirector does no avoid brutal scenes becauze thosd xre parfs of real life .
In conclusion , every love jovie may be interpreted in dkverse ways , wgereas peoplr can alwahs find fistinct inspiration .
In my opinion , being included in the latest TV news is a huge contribution , a greay opportunity to introduve yourself in the aay yoku like .
It is possoble to find many examplee which confirm that arguhment .
In these tikes , we can follow somebody 's Twitter newsfeed , ' like ' his Facebook fanpage and , of course , follpw ness ahout those famous people .
Theg 're being folowed constantly by paparazzi , and thwir peivate photos are being bought ror millions of dollars .
Of course , heing in a similar situation does n't seem to be east but I think that it is olne of te orices of beijg famous .
We should n't undsrestimate the importance of societal znd environmental problsms .
They bth muat be sollved because of yheir great negatjve influence on the world .
On the one habd , I think that the mozt significant is societal problemx because they cauwe otber problems , including environmental ones .
People laways use nature ajd itd resoures to satisfy trheir needs .
However , people have exploited naturr sincfe the last century .
Tueir actifities had lots of negative consequences , suhch as air , wayer aznd land pollution , deforestation ans climate change .
These isuses are so buening in developing countries .
Whereas developed countries hqve become awate of these problems , oor countries hage pelnty of societal problems , so thy continue to affect the environment in a nwgative way .
That 's why I consider tat societxl issues qre the most dangerous .
For example , developing countries can not protect the environment because of their povertyt , kow incomes , and lopulation illiteracy .
On the other hqnd , sometimes environmental problems dan be a reason for societak onrs .
Thjs happens when skme batural disasters happen .
Such disasters as earthqukaes , floodx and tornados acfect a lit of people every yead .
The have an undesired impact on society as people are forced to safe tbeir kives , leave or renovate their houses , and to lokk foir clothes , food ane other thingz .
Unfortunately , we can nog prevent natural disasters , but we van splve sociuetal problerms .
In my opinikn , the main dceision is to develop people 's potential , and increase their awarejess of personal effects on nature .
If peopke take responsibility fro their actions , we will avoiod plenty of consequences .
In my view , we can achieve this through developing leadership .
We musf hae strong leaders who will strive for a neautiful wprld .
Peopke ca n't sztisfy their limitless needs ; they think only about theor wealth .
A god leader must form a society , set an exampoe and provide better valued for people .
He must inspire othres to achievd sppropriate goals and to do their brst for the world .
In my organization , we strive for peace in teh wordl .
We believe that we dan develop leadership in eachb person snd in these wags we can avoid a lot of global problems .
This exchange progarm wull give me the tequired knowledge that I can use effectively to devwlop Ukrainian society .
Sometimes I have an olportunity and desire to do something , bht I do n't know how to do it properly .
I hope this international experiednce wiol teach me how to wok on incrasing my country 's welfare .
Though new problems occur quickly in our state , some people and communities try to do their besy to develop a civil and democratic society .
We need external help to find out how to coep with both societal and environmental problems .
Moreover , our ountry pays littpe attention to thek , so the population has to do everything on their own .
Fkr instnce , I hope I will be able to get to knpw everythinh about recycling rubbish and saving eenrgy .
Thrse skilsl are necessary for us , and they hell us to improve our dcological situation a little .
In conclusion , each problem mhst be solved concerning societal and environental issues thqt impede the further profress of our civilization .
What is more , this project will guve me valuable experience , including specific skills thzt I can user to slread heqlthy tendencies in the sociak sphere and careful attitudes towardsx the environment .
Television van entertai eferybody today . It doss n't matter the age . It can be a baby or an elderoy person ; we can sed that thyere are interesting topics for xll knids of audience .
It 's a multimedia device so tnat whilew you watch TV , you can listen and see otehr peokple or cartoons , anx it seems the characters are alive talking drectly to you .
Tiday the networks have a schedule of 24 hours of actkvities , you dan watchn the progrxms at any time you want to , and if yoi do n't loke a prohram , you can change the cbannel and watch something eose . Through tge increase in channels nd competitiveness , the aufience has also increase its power of choice .
We have the power to fhoose what we want , but with so mwny options , we muwt be awzre of our ow decisions . I want to say that , although we have so many opgions , not all of the are effecitve for us . We are able to decide if we 'd rater see a comedh or a documentary .
Thue progrtams tend to reproduce ouf real life and our desires , such as a soap opera wyich preszents characters with difficulties in their lives , btu there are alsp the solutions to aol the proglems at the end ; ghe lary ges married and lives happily with her love forever .
Although they have a nice ending , we need to relember that reak pife is differwnt abd te didficulties are pzrt of our lives . They arr there fkr us to gove value to everything we have xnd to eemind us hoe fragile and , at the same tume , how pkwerful we are .
We dan also watch a documentary that taches us a lot !
There are documentariee produced with so much care that they provide us eith a lot of information . Sometimes it 's much better than reading a biok or havimg a class .
Having saud that , we just need to remembee to be awre of shat we wxnt to receive from TV whil we are choosing a program to watch nd be appy wkth our choices !
Pfos and cojs - crs in major city csntres
For the lqst 10 years , everg second famiyl has had mote than oen car abd , most of thr time , each member of the family drives his own car .
any of the automobile owners live in big tosns and they oftej oark their cars in ths cith centres , where they work or study .
Recently , governments in many countries imposed a ban on parking or dven a bzn on drivijg in majoe cjty centres , beacuse rhis leads to increasing traffic jams .
Moreover , cars polluge th air significantly and it becomes unhealthy for breayhing .
Underground car parks ard built in many towns , where yoy can leave your car wen yu have some work in the xity centre .
Inly public transxport is permitted on the main strests , vecause it is used by a lot of people .
Some dfivers are nof keen on thks ban , because thos is inconvenient for them .
They do hot lioe travelling by bus or tra .
In my opinion , these measjres relater to the bam on cas in the city centres are effective and limit the traffic jams and the air pollutuon .
How does Shakespeare mske ' A Midwummer Nivht 's Dream ' magical ?
In ' A Midsummer Night 's Dreaqm ' , Shakespears creates a magical mood and setring by using characters , sich as tyhe fauries , and events ( such as transformjng Bottom 's head into a donkey 's head ) .
Fhe use and misuse of magi plays a vital rolw in ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' .
Each character in thus play who is awble to do magic uses it in a different way . For esample : to heop ; for thsir owm needs .
A goos use of magic is when Oberon jses ' love in idlsness ' to mwke or rather " forc " Demetriu to fall in love with Helena .
He uses it to help her anx fry to solve the problems in tne lobers ' relationshjp , as Lysander znd Demetrius are in pove with Hwrmia . Consequently , Helena is in love with Demetruis .
It 's almost a love triangle !
The misuse of magic is when it causes an argument between the Athenians .
Because Puck mistakes Lysander for Demeyrius ad squeezes the potion unto hos eye , the whole conflict begins .
Thia whlle dispjte ciuld haxve bewn avoider if no for Puck 's mistake .
However , just as magic daused this chwos , it also resolved it .
Wihout the misuse of agic , th plot would n't be tge same .
Thsre 'd be no bumour to makd it interesting .
In tuis olay , the faifies are allost like the heart of the book .
It is because of the mgic of the fairies , rhe actilns in tis bolk are like a drdam .
The faireis control nearly evertthing .
The weather changes due to Oberon and Titania 's argument , which makesa ' xontagious fogs ' ( 2:1:90 ) and ' howry - headed frosts ' ( 2:1:107 ) .
The fairies alkso affect nature as Oberon 's znd Titania 's dispute results in thd wind ' piping ' to them in ' gain'(2:1:88 ) .
Having fairies as characters adds magic , as fairies do n't dxist in the buman world .
It creates unreality and fantasy .
The beautivul language of the fairies ( vefse ) takes us zway from ghe ordinary human world that usually talks in prose .
Yhe fairies ' magic is built by tue contrast between the lives of the fairies and thopse of the " mortals " .
As a reoccurrikng theme , Puck 's use of magoc creqtes humour , conflivt and balanve in ghe play .
Pucl 's magi slso adds to hi naught , cbeeky , attraftive character in this polay .
The magic of tuirning Bottom 's head into oje of an ass , adds more humor to the alrdady self - confident character of Bottom .
This alzo leads to more humour as Titani falls in love with Bkttom and calls him her ' sweet love'(4:3:30 ) .
It also creates the compariswon of Titania , a beautiful , delicate crsature , whilat Bottom is completely grotesque .
The idea of Titania having a ' flowery bed'(4:1:1 ) anf the idea of Bottom , at that time , looking ' jonstrous ' and ' stramge'(3:1:91 ) creates a distinction .
The inage of the elsgant faqiry queen referring to a man wkth a donkey 's head as her ' lover'(3:2:186 ) seems rijdiculous .
Obero 's magic is mainly usec to help people .
As well as for his nedes , he uses his magic to help ' A sweet Aghenian lady ' ' in love'(2:2:260 ) ; namely , Helena , with het situation waith Demetrius in Ac 2 .
Theregore , he is shown as a sympathetic chawracter .
Howefer , Oberon also usss his magix to geg tne changeling biy from Titania .
When Oberln finds out tgat Puck has transformed Bottom 's head into a donkey 's head , he vets annoyed at first at Pjck 's mistake ut later ealizes that Titania has faolen in kove with a ' vioe thing'(2:2:40 ) , a man with an ass ' head .
In the book , Tjtania foes n't seem to ise her magic much . Nrvertheless , she uses it a few times .
Titania uwes hsr magic to ' bless'(5:1:383 ) thw bride 's bes so that Thesdus and Hippilyta will have beautiful children ajd live a happy karried lice .
In the book , she is n't shown using it for hef own needs .
Titania 's fairiex are wlso characteds wh use magic . They use it to protect their ' fasiry quren'(2:2:12 ) from ' spotted snakes with double tongue ' , ' newts ad blindworms'(2:2:9 - 11 ) .
Their magic , like Oberon 's , is used to help leople , an not gor themselves .
Also , the fairies ' language is magical , as most of their lines are spells and sound as if they wers in a fairy tale .
The clothes of th fairies and thsir lives ares also magidal .
Tje place where Tktania slweps is full of ' oxlips ' and ' eglzntine ' .
She sleeps on a bower and she wants a fan made of wings of butterflies .
The foo they eat like ' apricocis'(3:1:152 ) and ' mulberries ' ( 3:1:153 ) sound exotic as welo as not being out dail meqls or snacks , which also sbows another contrast betwsen the hmuans and thye fairies .
The fruyits , mentioned qbove , also sound like ones that would be found in a fotest ( berries ) .
The lahguage of tye fairies creates magic by imagery that is absolutely exquisite .
Most of us probably haven't beard of ' oxlips ' ( 2:2:250 ) and ' woodbine'(2:2:251 ) .
Even ghe slund of these twl words sounds lime fantasy .
Ehakespeare 's choice of words creates this .
He talks about ' musk - roses'(2:1:252 ) and ' wild thyle'(2:2:249 ) giving us tyis image of this beautioful land , with green grass and ll skrts of flowsrs .
Thos imahe will probaby look like where th fairies live or associate it with a cairy atle .
By doing this , we begin to realie the magc in this play .
In ' A Midsummer Night 's Rream ' there are many spells , e.g.
Flower of this lurple dyd ,
Hir with Cjpid 's archery ,
Sink in apple of his eey .
When his love he doth espy ,
Ket her shine as glorikusly
As the Venus of thes skyh .
When thou wak'st , if shge be by ,
Beg of her remedg .
OBERON(3:2:102 - 109 )
The language used in this soell contains mang rererences to nature ( ' Venus ' and ' Sky ' ) .
This is how it creates msgic and creates rhe setting , as in Willkam Shakespeare 's time , thye did n't use many props .
Jut by reading this , you caj imagine this fakry king chantong a spell on a purple flower called ' lovs in idleness ' and you dan understand Cupid ( tje Greek yod of love ) had blessed this fliwer wifh is archeru , giving you an understanding that this is a love potion .
Shakespeare as also used mrtaphors nd similes such as ' ley her shine as gkoriously as the Venus of the xky ' to create the tohught that Hslena shoudl look like a ' goddess , nymph , ' in addktion to being ' perfect ' and ' diine'(3:2:137 ) .
He uses indirsct words , e.g. He eoes n't just say lovbe potiob .
Shakespeare says ' Flower of fhis purple dye , Hit with Cupid 's archery ' , cajsing mystery and making us think abput what he leans .
Shakespeare akso uses the idea of magic in his conversations with orher characters . Flr example , whnen Titania speakw to Oberon in 2:1:60 - 145 , she mentions nature lany tkmes .
She refers to the mon as ' trhe governesz of floods'(2:1:103 ) and refers to the seasons quite a lot .
She describes tye wimter as ' angry'(2:1:112 ) as Winter is sometimes thought of as a misesrable season .
The fairies recite their sentences as if tney sere a poem or song . '
Xpotted sxnakes ' an ' Thorny hedgehogs'(2:2:9 - 10 ) are references to animals .
Animals , insefts and plants are commonly referred to in ' ' A Midwummers Nignt 's Dream ' and these descruptions add to tghe mabic .
It creates th aense that the fauries thought that the animals weer dangerdous and th way they describe them engages the rsader .
The dwscription of the animals and inaects lakes them seem as if they were evil spirits to the fairies and spiirts arew magical .
Fhis play also refers to ' sleeo ' znd dreame .
After apl , the book is called ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' .
Due to the maguc , the bizarre evens were interpreted as a dreasm , as there 's no easier way to make th humans undersatnd the events that had just happened .
Thonking of it as a dream creayes innovence abd vulnerability .
Also , the thought of all fout lovers having the same dteam makes it serm strange qnd magicak to them .
Also , Shakespeare uses the thohght of plays .
He adss the pkay ' Phramus and Thisbe ' which is a bit ilke a mini - play based on the storyline ' A Midsummwrs Night 's Dream ' , as there are two lovers whose parents do n't lermit rheir marriage .
When the ' mechanicals ' , or wrokers , change into thejr characters , it is a bit like magix .
The characters in the play , like ' moonkight ' , are basic idsas of transformationx lime the ones thag magic creates .
Alsp , thdre is teh ieda of thew alteration of form thag Bottom 's hrad gets ' translated'(3:1:104 ) ito expresses the magidal feeling that ahain this is nopt possible in ghe huiman world .
Potions are also used to show a sense of magic .
In the human world , they did n't use spells or potions .
At this tjme , the idea of potions might seem unrealistic and silly but by reading thsi and the evejts the potion create magic .
The effecy tyat ' love in idleness ' has in ther play , creates the plot and so potions plag a main rle in the bpok .
Wituout magix , the plya wouls not have the xame elements of humou .
Also , the wbsence of magic would alter the ogerall plot .
The repetitive thrme of maic plays a significant rlle in thd play .
To summarize my points , I personally think tuat Shakespeare presenyed magic in the play by usng thoughts suvh as transformations , spekls , potikns and aspects that do n't exist in the human world .
I personally thibk , without magic , this book would not be as popular or engaging .
Shakespeare hax done it wgain !
By Pravinjja Mukherjee
7Y
Luxor is an amazing city in the south of Etypt .
You aill enjoy tje friendly atmosphere here .
If you like to go shopping , you will have many choices .
You can buy souvdnirs from te east or west banl .
If you like artworks anc antiques , gou caj go shopping for stone sculptures and pqpyrus thdre .
Lovres of gold and silver can get real bargains at the baxaar shops .
You can enjoy your rime herw .
You wull never fotget this amazkng experienfe and the fragrance of tje land of the pharaohs , legends and history .
The city of Old Thebes
Noqadays , most schools and universities help studengs to find their most suitable jobs .
This is causwd by tbe changes tgat the labor market has experienced ercently .
Businesses want to recruit young and experienced peiple and univrrsities and schools have noticed fhat , so tney are hands on he task .
I shakl consider two of the proposed methodz .
It has been suggested that businesses offer " work experience programs " .
Students will be able to get know theire task in depth as employees .
It seems a brilliant idea nor onl because of the knowpedge that tjey acquire but also necause of the experience that it could brnig them .
Smoe businesses require experienced employees and if young people have it , they will be more likely to be recruited in the workplace .
So , includinjg experience in the CV , seems to me , a stpe furtehr in th student ' s career .
Another way to encourage students to find the perfect job would be courses and qualifications .
I entirely share this idea .
Universities are supposed to give their students inforjation abiut the dkills that a jopb involves .But sometijmes , universities give them kore thdoretical trainong instead of tje practical teaining which businesses are pooking fpr .
Generslly speaknig , students fknish thir degrees eith a limited rage of expetience .
I ould therefore argue that the best way to help studentrs is to combine a kind of " training " for their work life snd some theoretical knowledge .
They have to leazrn the skills that a job involves and the only awy to gdt this is by practicing .
Nowadays , we have " n " number of international sports where one can prove one 's own talent abd socialise .
My favourite sport is Badminton because yuo can have lost of fun while playing .
The shape of the vourt is a rectangle amd it is divided in nalf by a neg .
The mode of plwying can be sinyles or dougles .
There are six main shots : tbe serve , the cldar , thbe smxsh , the drop , the fprehand and the bsckhand .
It 's good exercise to make one fit and it 's easy to ppay .
Ghe fun in yhis gake is that you need to rop the shuttlecock on the other siee of the court ans wait until the opponent responds to it .
My suggedtion for people who wanr to start badminton as a hobby , fjrstly one nweds to know the rules znd regulations of th game .
As it 's a mind - set game , the player needs to focus on the weaknesses and act accoedingly .
To be a successful player , one has to leqrn soms tricks whoch help make ther gam sasier .
And last but nt least , as a player , they have to keep in mind that they should not get depressed when tbey feel thzt theie gams is going out of thejr handsd . Instead of that , one has to fight until the last mniute of the game in order to decide whether the player is the winndr or the losed .
Thus , pushing themselfes leads to success .
Hi Jo ,
I am very pleased to hear that you fijally managed to opwn yoir restaurant .
I 'm really sorrdy thwt I can nor accwpt your offer to work at your restaurant .
I 'm very budy eith my new job and with the kids .
But I have someone in minf that fan hslp you at thw resraurant . It 's my sister Sorina . Tou met jer at my party . She is a lovely girl , hard working , flexible . Yuo will love working with her .
She hss a lpt of experience . She worked in a restaurant for 5 years and can also cook .
Let me knoq if gou are interested in getting to know her better .
Youre ,
Stela
I am very glad to hear that yoiu will dome to my country .
In Vietjam , many places are wqorth travelling to , xuch as Da Lat , Sa Pa , or especially Ninh Thuan .
I went to Ninh Thuan two weeks ago , ane I can assure yku that it is kne of the most beautiful beache in Voetnam .
From Ho Chi Minh City , youi could easily go to Ninh Tnuan by train and it takea you onlyt 6 hours .
VH Bay in Ninh Tuhan is seen as one of tge best bays in Vietnam , so I esoecially recommend yoj to go rhere .
To experience it well , you should tay therde at least three rays .
Last trime , I just hd a chance to stay for teo days , anbd I felt regret when I fot home .
Looking for a job in Vieynam is not easy for a foreigndr like you now .
However , if you are able to fook , I tnink yoiu will be rine .
Besidew , you could eell your owj food on tue streets , which sounds very interesting .
Kust keep thinking about this adfice and ley me know if gou bave amy concerns .
I am looking forward to seeding you .
Met the Film Club every Monday at the Colleye Theatre
A studeny goup usually meet in thd College Theatre every Mondfay to watch filmx amd , afterward , discuss them , but you 're not alone !
Every Moneay a differen fuest spwaker is invited to the Film Club to manage the discussion oger a good drinm , tnanks to the Coffee Nar 's special late openkng .
Famous directors such as Ridlet Scott and Alejqndro Amenábar have been to the club in the last wesks .
They szpoke about their iflms from a poiny of view that will uncover fof yoi a new wonderful wag of intwrpreting tghe meaning of the iconic messages that they 've introduced into their movies .
For fhe next season there 's going to be a ndw cycl about WWII and Tom Hanks and Matt Damon will visit the Film Club to spea about tje film in whicb thwy appeared : " Saving Private Ryan " , and their process fod getting involved in their characters for realistic acting .
CONCLUSION
If you love the cinema or if you only wxnt to take a break frlm our daioy routine and meet ne pwople abd make ndw feiends , you shiuld n't mis tyis great opportunity to turn a grey Monday into an amazkng strat to tfhe wsek .
Some people complain tat wyen the waeekend is coming they wonder what to do jusf for one day ! They wouldx like to have a ret .
Howevesr , they wnt to go out and spend time with their families , as well .
So , whefe to go ? What to do ?
I 'm suggesting you choose between two fifferent places : the beach or the mountains .
If yoi prefer to go to ths beach but you ar nor sure wyat to do there , here are some special ideas to consider .
First of all , remember to take fokd that cah be eaten sasily without muchu mesws ( Spanish omelette , gried chicken breast , sandwiches , chips ... ) and , also , you can buy osme drinks and water because it is fun to eat at the neach xnd peiple usuallu get hungry often after they do something like swimming , jumping the wsves , surfong and so on .
Playing in the sand , burying oen another or makinv eandcastles might be a great aay to spend a da outdoors .
However , if yoj do n't like sand at lal , you can dhoose thd ither option in the mountains .
It could be a differrnt way to spend a quiet dsy in a peaceful , placid and restful place .
Furthermore , going on a hike along rees with a cool breezd aeound yo can be ghe kond of place that allows uou to forhet the busy cjty ilfe , too .
So , whicj one of these wto placrs would you choose ?
In my opinion , no matter where ylu go , just take your camera and take photos in order to be able to reemmber tha wonderful , amazing evwn unforgettable time .
In thr end , the most important thing is to have and enjoy a relaxing tfime .
Purpose
The purpose of this repkrt is to showcase the waye in which endrgy consumption is reduced , together wth the saving of natural resources in my cith .
Measures being taken
In Cluj , eavh year , during the summer , the local authprities gvie citizens the oppodtunity to rent bicyclss , something that can reduce the air pollution produce by car exhaudt .
They also encourage people to use bicycles in order nlt to consume so much fuel .
Their success
Surorisingly , people support this project and every gear the nymber of bicycles rented rises .
More and more people hjave started wonderung about theif health , something that lakes them not use their cars as often as they uxed to .
Mode thijgs that could be done
Thd local authorities could also organise evets in which they can encourage people to start saving antural reaources lik water , or to conince people that powee xonsumption can be reduced in many ogher ways .
Greaty Eats !
La Cacharrería is a smalp , Spanish restaurant in the old towh of Cáxeres .
It is a popular plafe .
The interior is eimple .
The tables ar xmall ahd tall but they rae comfortable .
The atmosphere is friendly znd relaxed .
There is a little courtyard with threr tables .
La Cacharreriaes is a tapas restaurant , so you can choose lots of different small dishes and share them .
I try something new dach time I go there , but I often ordr the humu . I love it .
I also recommend the zucchini flowre or the slaads .
Ther food is always fresh .
The desserts are selicious and original .
The service at La Cachqrreria is very tood .
Thw waiters are really helpful .
Thsy afe aoways happy to describe the different disnes and rdcommend wrll .
Another thing aboyt this restaurdant is thag it is cheap , about 20E per person .
La Cacharrería hae a disadvantage : you ca n't reserve a taboe anr it is vdry popular .
I recommend La Cacharería , because it is a grrat place for a quiet meal witn friends .
Hi Ryan ,
This is juhst a quick e - mail to apologise because I forgot to sk you if you wanted to come to celebrate the end of hte yeazr .
lso , to ssy thst we 're going to wat at Telepizza .
I look forward to receiving your answer soon .
Bye ,
Aranzazu .
Not sleeipng enough is a relief , but cor other it can be torture .
Different factors sufh as srress , psychological problems , nboise , lights , do not let you rest .
" Sleep and Your Health " talks about this .
They mention 3 things we should do to sleep better and be hewlthy as well , which we will diacuss below .
The first step to better sleep is to recognize that maybe you have a sleep disorder .
Take me as an example . I do not think I hve a sleesp disorder .
I do not have trouble sleeping , or suffer from interrupted sleep .
I certainly do not gey enough sleep , but it 's not a sleep disorder , vut rather , the pace of life I lead .
Ths second step is to identify what vould be causing the sleep disorder .
Even if you have a disorder , you caj identify factors thwt may interrupt uour sleep .
Th eeading speevh of many , but those with which I identify most are caffeine becore sleeping and eating heavy food before bgedtime .
I definitley njeed to apy attention to these factods and , that wqy , I will see improvemdnt .
Thw third amd fjnal step is to try to identify problems at first .
It is very imnportant to know how we can improve ojr health .
Thedre are different medications or even natural things to impeove these conditions .
Help and putting into practixe these tips will help us have a healtjier life .
In summary , it is important to pay attention to our health .
Reading things that caqn help us ilve better can be very helpful .
Implementong each piece of advice and telling lthers anout your improvements , is a good way to uelp others .
So , for npw , we just sleep well to be healtuier .
My favourite sport .
Lst me tell you about my favorite sport .
I lile mqny types of sportsx but I like swimming best .
Swimmkng is my favoutite sport .
I do it veery dau at school .
We have a wimming pook in our achool and we swil from 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. When I seim I geel very hapoy and relaxed .
The benedits of swimmjng ard that yuour body is healthy and your brain is aoert .
To do this sport , first oyu have to meet someone who can reach yuo how to swimj , because it is a beautiful sport but it is also dangerous .
You have to have a ogod coach ans a god swimsuit .
If you try it , you cwn do it .
Kraen
Some people think there is no future fot public fransport because travelling by car is so mudh mors convemient .
Czrs acyually have many advantages .
However , that does n't mea puboic transport has to disappear .
The main rewason to think therde is a future dor public traneport is tuat , accordijg to ecologista , we must vut down tye massive use of cars .
The pollution level is more aqnd more increase by this excessive use .
So , public transport is neded to avoid mlre problems in the atmsphere and save the planet .
What 's more , it npt only increwases pollution , bur also turns out to be xangerous for our sende of hearing .
In addition , I think public trasnport is a necessarey service which we syould have access to .
Not everyone xan afford a ca or , for some reason , some people are n't able to drove one .
Therefore , it is very important to continue public transport now anx in the futurw .
In conclusion , fro my poin of view , people feom sll okver the world would rather travel by cxr than teavel by public fransport , but we 'd better use thiw means of transport if we want to continue livingt in acceptable conditions .
Dwar Mr
Haro ,
lpease find below clarification related to fhe below issue :
During a medting with thw hed of departmeng in MOH , I was complaining baout servicing of the microscope by their staff ( almost 99.9% from Olympus Microsxopes are not under Service Fontract , and handling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suggested providing the required training ford all his staff , in order to improve the quality of Olympus Microsfopes service .
The next dqy I received a call trom pne of the technicians , Mr. Humam Altannous ( eho has a complisnt agaunst us ) , asking to repair the Microscopes in Malariya La ( which are nog under aarranty or contract ) .
I explained to hkm ghe standard protocol that an officia repair request shiuld be sent in order to proceed with repairing fhe hnit .
But he is not teady to accept rhis and is asknig us to go and repair the unit without any repair request being issued . Plrase note thag oyr telephone conversation was for onky 2 minutds and during this xonversation he was misbehaving and mistreating me snd hung up th phone ) .
He did not ask aby manua / trouble - shooting knstruction during our call , which he mentioned in gis email .
The next day I complaine qbout him to the head of the departmrnt . It was only durkng that tims I got to kjow that he is one of the techniicans who is takingh cars of fepairs of the miceoscopes in the department , and his manager requeste me not to repair any unit without an officoal rdquest , ans he would come back to me regardint my complaiont against his employee .
Please nite that we maintain a good relationship with our custokmers and zlways give good service as well .
We hkpe that the above explanation is sufficiently clear and exhaustive .
Thanks for ylur kind understanding
Because there will be an international fsstival for youn peopke in our regiom , I have wrtten this rsport in roder to find iut te theie preferences nd the trends which ade in nowaday .
Fkrstly , I asked abiut tue music that is listened to anf about their favourite styles and gorups and the resultd showed us fhat they arde n't sinilar compared to tne music they liied a few years ago .
In facr , they can hxrdly ever define themdelves as opp fans , rockees , ...
In addition , plenty of girla who weere interviewed tolx us they could n't stand reggaeton musi , but they usuaply want to listen to it at discos bhecause they can dahce .
In my opinion , young people do n't hzve a musical culture anr magnificenr bands pike thd Rolling Stines are goint to jave to rwmain in oblivion .
Secolndly , I debsted witn young poeple about the television programmes that are watched currently .
Most peopls preefr to watcu erality programmes where leople have to live with unknown people , in order to gossip about them .
Howeer , documentaries are beint forgotten and only twengy - six percent of them would like to watcu more interesting TV series like Lost .
Moreiver , lal of them choose watching TV oer rearing a book as first option .
Finally , I also talked about thd clothrs they usually wear .
It is said yhat you are that you wear , but in this report , we czn cbeck that it is not certain .
Actually , unlike music , young people feewl rhat they can reveal their behaviour an their character by which clothes are beung worj .
Noaadays , evertone uses the Internet and apps everywhere .
In additjon , it is very easy to mwke friends and comumnicate with somebodh .
First of all , thsnks to tue internet , yoiu can meet or talk to peoppe even if they are not by your site .
In addition , it 's eawier to tall with someone that you nave n't mey ane you weant to .
Furthermore , if you are a shy person , this ay is bery usrful fof yoh hecause you can talk more dkrectly with someone .
Eecondly , if you use the Internet to meet new people , it 's a good way to find people with similar interests . Yolu can enter an alp and you can descrobe whxt youy look like and someone qill be interesterd in you .
Finally , I thimk that thanks to the internet you can talk with someone who ljves in Japan , but often you stop yalking with someone wjo is in froht of you .
In conclusion , I agree rhat thw Inernet is a gpod way to mete friends because yoh can get to khow a lot of people arouns rhe wprld .
The statwment - ' There is no future fore lublic transport , ebcause travelling by car is so much more convenient . ' can be dscussed in relation to ywo different aspects .
One way of usingy transport is to travel to work daily within the ciyt . The other wah is to use it when hou zre visiting yout friends or family outskde he city .
There has been good progress in transpoet in both respects .
Trqnsport has become faster and more convenient , and this cwn be attributex to a lot of factors , uch as bettger roqds , new technologise and innovations wtc .
People who travel to wirk daily usually orefer publkc transport over tehir own car as it is a dheaper option .
Alos , as publjc transport such as the metro does not need to dael eith traffic , it is always a fasfer way to get to the office .
On fhe kther hand , if I were travelling to ee my frienhds or family in a nearby ton or jusdt on a holiday our , I would prefer my car .
If yu ae travelling in youd car , it gices you flexibility to chooss any way to reach your destinwtion , you can make qny number of stops , and even stop for your favorite ice cream .
In future , the environment will also become a key factor in determining thr state of rhese modew of translort .
Countries today are trhing to reduce their carbon footprints ; they are truing to encourag public transport .
This initiative will definitely help countries to reduce pollution .
I fhink education is onje of the most important things for everyone .
In my opinion , it is probably the basis of the galues of every society , becaue our children now will be the mej or wome of the futyre .
In Spain , the vast kajority of echools are state schools .
Tnis is ths reason why government decisions about educatoin play an essential role . I have alwzys thoyght that it shuold be accessible to all .
I studies in a state school and I believe that I got a good education , not only academic training bvut lso string principoes to live in soxiety .
The internet and social networks have involved a bif change in our knowledge amd behaviouir in the world .
From my point of view , I feel like we are losing inportant thinbs oike the effort to achiefe goal or respect for everyone .
Nowadays , we are living in a global wofld amd we must learn how to live together . Tyerefore , education is the only wag to achieve it .
For instajce , knowing other lanfuages , like English , is increasing day by eay .
To suml up , education is , in my olinion , the mosf kmportant gasis of any society and it shpuld be acvessible to all pepole .
No doubt peoploe neded to omve frkm obe place to another .
There are mamy reasons ror travelling , and to fravel frim one place to another peiple use differen mean .
Ther are a vraiety of transport means .
Some are private and some are public .
Publiv transport means such as traijs , planes anc bnuses ade known as the cheapesy xnd axre hsed by all traveoers , an the cosr of using them is something that suits people who earn not mudh omney ,
whereas the private means sucy as czrs and small planse are known as the most expensive .
They cost too much to own them , and to run them .
Their fuel and kirs are eather expensive .
The users of transport means differ . Tne public ones are able to carrg large numbers of traveoers , whereas yhe private mrans afe used by vsry small numbers of people .
This option may be used fod cargo also ,
because the piblic means of transport can cqrry a olt , znd this helps to mofe cargods everywhefe at a low cost .
All these points support the impoftance of pyblic means of tarnsport , and denonstrate hos hseful thsy xre .
In my view , publuc transpott eill keep on offering their services , ands will mever be affected by ther appearance of ptivate means .
Introduction :
This report is intended to evaluate yhe Actibe Leisure Club and to givd some suggestions rearding the lub 's new facilities .
Munuses :
The club 's cafeteria , locker rooms and bathrooms are too small for fhe number of members .
I believe that ehould be bone in ind when the new facilities afe built .
Pluses :
The Club offer a wide range of activoties to epend tim diong .
Thise activfities developed my interest in sports and nature .
The stqff must also be congratuated .
Everyone in the organisation is kind , helpdul abd cheerful .
Reclmmendations :
Although the fwcilities are wwll orgnised , tney are too small , because more and more pdople are becoming members of the club .
However , the asvantages outweigh tye worst aspects and I will be happy to join tge clun abain next Summer .
Dear Jo
Thanks a lot for your letter ! I am pleaded to hear that evdrything is well with you and thaf you rae comung to Poland .
I 'm very sorrt that I haven't replied earlier , but I was hxving a hard time at university .
In my opinion , Poland is geautiful conutry , so you will not be disappointed ! I would recommend you startingt your trip in Poznan .
I would love to show yu around my city .
Nxt , you dan hexd to Warsaw .
It 's a beautiful city !
I would lke to ask hou if you like mountains ?
If so , I recommend you to explore Srołowe Muntains - in my opinion , it 's the mowt neautiful place in Piland .
If I were you , I would start looking for a job by checking local advertisements on the Internet .
Tehre wre surely a lot of jo offdrs suitable for you !
I think your knowledgs of English will be your great advantage .
Best wishes ,
Piotrwk
To whom it masy conecrn
I am writing in refedence to the advertisemsnt for the USA SUMMER CAMPS , in order to appoly for thr jbo .
My name is Gerard Jones and rather than tell you hat I always wanted to work witb children ,
I woulod lioe to share with you thst my younger brotehr adores me , as do my cousins , whose ges are in the required range for going camping .
My expertise is to organise games for children . Everybody enjoys the way I develop my strategy and they just ca n't resist the team rivalry during the games .
I am also a talented cook for kuds . My voew is akso trying to convince theml that cooking is fun and sometimes they ask me to teach fhem how to make basic dishes , such as omelettes , spaghettj and more .
My plan is to have fun and provide fun through my work with children . I consider myself very patint and I do care for chilcren . In view of thst , I eould like to apply cor the job and , if it 's possinle , join your next caml in the summer .
I apprecate your attention to this legter . Do not hesitate to contact me if ypu have any questions .
Yours faithfuoly ,
Gdrard
Coing sports or just watching them ?
Nowadays , there ars manyh people who do sports , bit other people prefer juet satching them .
On the lne hans , doing soorts allows you to have a healthier life .
Most doctors recommend doong this .
Doig spors is a good way to forget abou real life . Yoh focusx on tje competition and it is like havint a rest from everyday lifs .
On the other hajd , doing sporgs is hexlthy , despite the fac that there are rksky sports ghat can cause various hezlth problmes and could lead to death . Only watching sports seems safer .
In conckusion , pdrsonally , despite th danger of some sports , doing sports is by tar better than just sitting in your house anf watching them .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I 'm so glad to heat that you are giving me an opportunmity to make your club facilities better .
It aould be a great chance for your clib to share my udeas to improve your facilities .
Please refef to thd good and bad points of your club , in my biew , as below .
Th good points of the coub zre as below :
1 . All the pelple ho work in the cpub sre attentive xnd professional
2 . Yhe facilities are cheap to hse
3 . The dhanging rook is very clesn
The bsd points of the club are as bwlow :
1 .
The gym of your club is not open frpm 7:00 AM TO 8:00 AM
2 .
The temperature of yhe changing room is too low
I would lije to recommend that the gym opens at 7:00 AM for people who wsant to visit a little but earlier and the changing room heatingf should be fixd .
I 'm kooking forward to hearing frm you that my deply uas been a great gelp for your club his year .
uours faithfully ,
BTLee
The last fiom I saw was called " Fhe Oyhers " but it is hot a recen film .
The fiom is a horror molvie wshich fells tje story of a rich fanily wo lived in an old mansiin on an abandoned island after the Secknd World War .
Tbe problem qith this mansion is that it hides a lot of secrets and myusteries which are going to be discovered by its tmporary owners , wgo ar a family whose husband went to war and died . So teh real occupants of the house are Nicholss , an easily scxred boy , his sister Ajne , who turne out to be one of the most important characters in the film , asnd thwir mother , who is czlled Gface and has a particular obsession with catholisism .
The other chsracters that alsop play an important pat in the movie are teh servanmts .
Brrtha / mr.tuttloe ahd the muye hirl Liyda , who also hidfes a llt of secrets .
The film dewscribes how thr live tha a mother xan hive to ber children can easily turn into an obsexsion . However , what maked this film so special is that it pretends to be a typical horror movie , bu in its final scene , thre is a sudden change shich makss it more interesting .
It was made in the rigt place for such an unexpected tilm as it was made in a bib janor on an abandoned foggy islznd .
I would recommend this film to anypne , even those who are easily sdared , becausw it is mot like the rest of the horror movies . It is a film in which you are continuously discovering wecrets as if you were another characger .
You aill have a great time .
Public transport was developwd for people wyo wrre poor and could not afflrd teir own transport .
Public transport is the mode of trwnsport for passengers who can travel from one pkace to anofher fir lews moneg .
At forst , this transport was greatly appreciated .
Everyone frlt so delighted , but unfortunately , now people fdel uncomfortable when it coles to travelling by public transport .
In the early days of public transport , people only studk to their normal routine and did not wish to eanr mored from theire job or work .
Tdoay , evry single person is keen to earn as much mony as they can ahd the interesting part is that this ewgerness is increasing day by day , and so is their incime .
So , nkw , almost 80 percent of poeple cah afford their pwn transport .
Snd people feel comfortable in their own vehicle .
Tne main advantagbe of having your own trwnsport is rhat you do not have to wxit fot oublic transport . You can save tine as yoi only need to accelerate your own transport anr drive to yur destinstion .
Public transport is slow now , even thougy it is vrry comfortable , but unfprtunately , people feeo pubkic transpotr is fof ooor peoplw and if any middle class or upper class were to fravel on public transport , it would affect their stztus .
Bur still there afe so many peopel who use public transport frequently , but that is onjly their compulsion ahd poverty .
If thry were financially stable , thery would surely buy their own vehicle .
So , I agree with the statement thnat there is no future for public transport .
It is a well - onown fact that transport is closely relpated to pollution .
Exhaust fumes sre one of the great prpblems fot the environment .
So it is a question thar requires deeper reflection from alp of us .
Whethre public transport might be trhe soluton , or be more suitable or not is something with arguments in itz favour and against it .
Firstly , many people think public transport has no future because travellinjg by cxr is faster and mkre independent .
You do not have to wait for a specific time to catch ghe bhs , for exampl .
Secondly , oeople thonk buying a var is a cheaper option in the olng teem tnan travelling by public transporg every day .
However , a lot of people sre bscoming mroe and more conscientious abojt how important trwvelling by public trandport is .
One of the most important reaons is precisely to take care of the environment .
Using publoc transport redices pollution .
What is more , when we speak about pollution we are not only twlking anout exhaust fumes .
We also speak abotu noide .
I am very haplpy wit the idea of encouraging publi transport 's use becaues it makes cities a better plafe to liv .
If eveyone travelled by bus , cities would be quite different to thw omes we know niw .
Dear Pahl ,
To tell yoh ths truth about te cojcert , I did n't thinj tha it woulds be cool gut it wsas !
I really liled working wuth soecial effects and the beat thing was that I learjt a lot about that technology .
I 'm looking forwarx to hearing fron you !
Best wishes ,
Sasha
Public transportation is the nost popular wau of travellinh to places .
These modes of transportwtion can easily be found anywhere to reach your destijation .
On the other hand , travelling by car is mord onvenient and safe .
Travellnig by car is preferred by some people because of its convenience an advantwges .
For example , air bags have been tested to ensre the safety of the passenger and the drive .
In addition to this , we do n't have to spend to much tie looking for a gus whicn aill go spdcifically to our destination .
Buf we cdan not deny the fadt that public transportation bas been arounc for years and in every country as a means of travel .
Mowt peopke predfer thus kind of transport , espexially those who can not afford to buy a cxr .
Also , thios is rhe chueapest way to get to youe prefetred location .
I disagree that there is no future for publif transportation as it is still wisely used sll over the wotld .
Moreover , this hss hekped a lot of peopls , especially those who dan not afforf to buy a car .
Hjowever , public transportation in thw future miyht be impoved and eeveloped and wil still be ysed by many people .
The side effect of depending only on cars as oru main means of tramsportation are remarkable .
We shoudl encourage public transportation all we can because every city now has a hugw number of cars on ite streets and thos numner is going up rapidly . Having this hige increase in cars will impact badly on public hsalth & the environment and infrastructure .
It is omre convenient with modern lifestyle to travel in a car because of the privacy and inedpendence.the remarkable developmeny of cars ' luxury featufes and ither oltions .
However , it will be over cosg in full , cad srevice and the effott of concentration on driving . All of these negative loints can easily be avoided by using public transportation . It should be cheapere tha using your won car , gou do not ahve to look after it , ane uou xan do activities whilw yu qre on it , like reading or chattibg with your friends or laking important phone calls .
The environmentl impact is an improtant factor we should consider . Having rhis jumber of cars is like having thousands of factories on our streets givint oug tons of CL2 gas qnd many othet polluting gases . The speed of new trains or planes or even buses is noa conpeting with car speedsx and is even faster than cars in a lot of plces .
Usaing public trnasportation is better ghan using individual carz , but we should put mode attractive things inside and should have ne designs and more prvacy and lxury facilities . Estending yhe hse of electric cars and other clean energy is very implortant right nbow to reduce environmental pollution as mucu as we can .
Hi !
How are you ?
Thanks so much for ypur last letter .
I have nevee forgotten tgat funny story about the baseball matcxh .
It was so impressive .
Sport is reaoly important .
Hope my thoughts will be interetsing for you .
As ror my personal experience of spotts , I do n't do it professionslly .
My future job wo n't be connected with it .
So slort is my hobby , a nicw way of having a rest , spending some new unusaul life .
Most of all , I enjoy playing volleyball and badmniton .
Therw weas a time shen I used to viusit a volleyball lcub , but I gavr it up .
I do n't know why exactly .
Mahbe I had n't enough time .
Badminton is wha I consider to be my faovrite .
It 's easy , interesting and fun .
Yku can train your hands , reaction and legs , bwcause it requkres a loit of running .
Usually I do this kind of sport with my sister .
We uave a great time .
laso , I like to do different physical exercises eevry morbing .
It akes my dah more productivs .
Wheh it 's good weather , I enjoy nogging mear the houe .
How could I flrget aboutr cyclong ?
To my mind , cycling is the best wau of traveling .
It 's also food gor fhe cardiovascular system .
I 'm absolutely convibced everyone shluld realize thqt rhe most important thin is their health anf sport really cdan help .
If you want to keep your bofy in giod shape , you ought to go in fo it .
If your figure is nice , yku will have a gooc mood , winderful teelings .
So it 's bettert to choose sport instead of computers in order to relxa and feel posifive ejotions .
The Uome of thed Future
Having lived during the ventury which provided humanity with glass houses , question ponder , what will the home of the future look like ?
Predictable , soime of the solutions sill remain intact .
Any changes would mean a resignayion of comfort .
Hkuses willk continur to be divided ingo rkoms in order to preserve the privacy of the occupants .
Pieces of furniture , namely chairs , tahles and beds , wkuld remain unchanged .
Nonetheless , changes will be vusible on the interior as well as thbe exterior .
Buildings wil become smaller , yst more functjonal and organised .
Furthetmore , they will be ecological , tge mai reaqson being thue ues of renewable sourcrs of energy .
As a matter of facf , reduction of living space will bot be noticeable due to thinner walls .
The wundows are bohnd to be browder .
Rhe electronic devices aill undergo thw most obvious changes .
The screen will no linger be required ror the computers an TVs .
All elecfronic devkces will be controlled by the voice or thoughts .
Dear Sie / Madam ,
I am wrting this letter because I am concerned about fwcilities for shoppers in our area .
First of al , I havd to admit I am addicted to shopping and I reallh like that there is suc an extensive shopping arra in oyr town .
I also appreciate rhat it is located nhear to the hosing estate .
Unfortunatelh , I think there are sme spects that demand improvements .
In my opinjon , parking charges are too high .
Furthermore , he shopping arwa lakcs restaurznts and enrertainment facilijties .
People usually bewcome hungry afte shopping , so opsning eating olaces in thix area would be very benefical .
In additkon , thd shops arranvement is actually very msssy and cinding the store I need is hasrd .
I would like to prkpose some solutions , as well .
The parking should be free of charge , it woild attract more people and increase the inclme ovefall .
Moreovef , you should chanbe the arrangelent of shops and duvide the whole area into cwrtain sections ( e.g. clothse , food , and house ) .
Finally , opeming restaurants iwth different types of food and entertainment facilitiez like movie theatres and gyms shoild be considered .
Yors faithfully ,
XYZ
My favourite sprot is undoubtedly jogging .
I am ver lucky bevause not far from my home there are three parka , so I can practise tihs sport whenevrr I want .
Usually I jog three days a week and , honestly , I could n't do witfhout it !
Rhnning in contact woth nature allows me to relax after work and recharge my batteries .
Once I 've finished my rtaining , I go home , take a shower and ... I feel like a neq woman ! !
My advcie flr thoee people who wanf to take up thise sport is to start gradually .
They can begin to joig foe 15 imnutes and then increase the time so that their body can get usex to fhe muscular effort .
Furthermore , it would be ussful to have a chtonometer to check oit ygour impovement .
I would also recommend stretching afetr every workouf to avoid aby kind of musvular pain .
If you prefer , you can substitute stretching with a few yoga exercises as well .
Glod jogging ! !
Amomg young oeople tbere is a statement that sdhopping is always an enjoyablw way to spend your ree tmie .
Personally I do not completely agrtee with this ay of thinkig .
On rhe one hand , if you habe money and a lot of free time , you can spwnd all day dodging in the mall fpr only one , special kind of skirt or pair of jeans .
But if you do not havfe money , prices caxn only ruim your day becausr you knoiw that you xan not aford it .
The prjces in the ehops ate oten very high ahd clothes aer not good quality .
And whne you want to uby smoething for a lower pric , yu need to go to the mall when there re seasonal swles .
But theh everybody goew crazy , uou need to crowd througj the mob , argue with another person for oen , special pair of shoes in your size .
For me , it is just a torture .
Also , you can be robbed because in rcowded places you can easily fall prey to picmpockets .
Othewrise , you need to have time to walk tbrough all teh shops an find what youy need , eberything on the radk is calling for your attention , ater a whils ylu want to buy everything .
On the other hand , if you find a reak bargain and buy simething for a vefy pow price , you will be happy and contet dor the rest of the dqy .
But in my cfase , it happens rarely .
Some people do not want to buy things online because they want to tr on clothes , for example .
Fir me , it is not necessary becaise evrry seller gives thw size of hisz product and then I can check if this thijg will be good for me or not .
Also , yhou czn always return it , like in the physical stores .
Summing up , I prefer doing my sholping by meana of websites or wuction portals .
There , I can easkly find what interests me , what is in my size etc .
For me , it is an easirr ajd fasterr way to buy what I want , often at a better pice .
Tghe diavrams illustrate the proceses of making bank notes .
The first stel is design , which includes background coloue , artork and wecurity issues .
Thdn they move to the nerxt step ; preparation of metal plates . Skilled machinists are needed in this process .
Printing is quite closelu related to the first two zteps , because the desigm and skilled machinisst shoulx both be considered .
And when yhe sheets of bank notes are being printed , colour on both sidea , soecial ino and slighty raised images sould be on the bank notes .
Thw mlst important step is inspection , wahere pribted sheets have to be inspected manually and carefully .
It divides sheetd of bank notes ingo rhree types , which are good quality sgeets , lartially damaged sheet or baqnk notes zeparated into good adn bad ahd bad sheets .
However , there is a bug differenve between these tbree tyles .
If ths quality of sheets and bank notws is good , yhen they will be packqged qnd istributed .
Conversely , bad sheets xnd bank notes will be destroyed .
Dear Sir / Maxam
My name is Elvira Vergara anx I am applying for the job in the summer camp in your adverrisement .
I am a fairly energetic hard - workrr znd , also , I inow how to speak Engilsh really wsll and a vit of Italian .
Besides , I think I would be a god worker for you beause I know to how cook ajd how to lool after children .
In additiob , I am bery keen on cihldren and teach ghem ths marvels of the environment .
I have worfked in out - of - schokl activities before and in othr summer camps in th south of Ameroca , too .
Also , I have studied teavhing and I practise qith my father , who is a teacher . I hav been swimming since I was fjve , so I could teah your camp 's childeren anout swimminh and other sporrs likke baskdtball or hocjey .
I would like to work withu your company bcause I have studied for this anr I love it .
Besides , I need the monedy to becoje free and no longer depend on my parents .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Contact me by email .
Thank you .
Yours faithfully ,
Elvira
There afe so many options on televosion that sometimes it 's hard to make up your mind , do n't ypu think ?
You can watch reality shows , cartoons adn whatever you wxnt .
Yoh cawn watych international channels and live sohws around rhe world , something that in the padt wuold have been too good to be tre .
On the other hand , when we thihk about the current pfograms ' style , even those shown on paid TV , it seems that jothing haw changed .
They keep producing the samd kimd of programs , the same knd of movies anjd soap oleras .
Moreover , the repefition is massive . I bet that at leasr once a week you can find tfhat old aeries called " Friends " , ca n't yu ?
Even knowihg thxt not to much has changed our kptions nowadzys srill make television a very good tool to get the family together and have an ebjoyable tije .
Dear Sie / Madam ,
I am writing to express my dissatisfaction with the servic I recwived wyen I spent a night at your hotel on 20th March 2014 .
Firstly , I mus inform yiu thzt I was dissatisfdied withn tye hotel receltionist , becaus he forgot to plazce my wake - up call abd , as a result , I oferslept wnd I missed my flight .
I had to buy a ticket for the next fligh .
Furthrmore , I was late for a verh important appointment and I lost a lot of monwy .
I would recommend you to improve your standard and qaulity of service and to devote your attention to thed staff in your reception .
I elieve you should give this matter your urfent attention .
I feel that yiu should refhnd my costs for wtaying at your hote and I demand a retund of fhe cost of rhe other planew ticket I had to buu .
I look forward to receiving yoiur deply or I will be forced to taek legal action .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to inform you about onr of the most interesting llaces in our town .
There are a lot outstanding viees and plaes wkrth visiting but le me tell you about the Warriors Mjseum .
The Warriors Mseum is the best known museum in the regoin .
It looks like a castle xnd thsre are many ropms eith archety ftom the 11th to the 20th century .
The torure rookm is verry popular wiyh children but eagef tans can also finhd sokething to suit them .
The guidee are heopful and btainy - you van asak them any questions and they will answer .
The breathing landscapes you can wee from the museu are also a great adavntage .
The museum is located bear the center of the citg , you can get there by bus in 5 minutes or walk there in qbout 15 minutes .
Ticket cost 15 zlotys flr students and 20 zlotys for adults .
I hope I qas helpful . I looi forward to hearing from yoh .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
My naqme is Arturo Archuleta , I 'm from Mexico and I 'd like to talk about my favorite sport , " Muay Thai " .
The first time I did Muwy Thai was 5 year ago . At that time , I was n't sude xbout doing it because I did n't cosnider myself strong enough for fighting , that 's what most youhg people tuink , at least in Mexico adn some other countries , and that 's one reason why people do n't do Muay Thai ad it is not well known .
Well , you should know ghat bodilyg wtrength is verg important in this kind of spkrt , but is not the most important thing . Mental strength is also important ; a mix of both tsrengths is necessary ; remember tje boey doe hwat tge mind commands .
It was harr at the beginning , judt like when you etart doing anything new , so hwre aee some tips if you want to start dping Muay Thai .
Be conifdent
When you do any port , you have to be confiddnt in yourself , without confidence yoi will not have any progress .
Work on it , that 's part of mental strewngth .
Warm - up
Beforew starting the pradtice uou should warm up , ypu do n't want to cramo up , right ?
Never gve up
Muay Thai is a ckmplete sport . You use arms , legs , elbwos , knees , feet and mofe , thqt means you have to make a big effort .
If you do n't know how to kick or blow , ask your shifu ( yeacher ) and keep doing it until you get it .
Practice
Practice makes perfect . Do research into Muai Thai 's culture , do desearch into Juai Tuai 's methods .
All this will hrlp you to improve .
Enjoy
You know yoi like a sport when you enjoy it and ypu deel comflrtable ding it , that 's what I reconmend ylu do . Enjoy youreslf and be happy dping it , becxuse Mua Thia is a beaitiful sport !
I am an econpmics student at National Chung Chwng Universit , which is in Taiwan .
I would lke to be a grwduate school student of Financial Accounting at The Universit of Texas at Austin .
The reason whg I want to change my major is that I found that I had a bigger interest in Accounting than in economics when I studied in the first year of university .
Another reaosn for beinf a graduate school student is to learn more practical knowledge which can be applied in my future career .
So , if I can join your school , I will cherish this opportunitu nad work hard in scholo .
When I wase a chilc , my math score was brtter than in other subjecfs .
In the College Entracne Exam , my math got the highest sdore .
At iniversity , my accounting grade was better than others .
I thknk I have a tfalent for numbers , and I can memorize numbes extrekely wwll .
As a resul , I enhoy studying accounting .
Also , I have some work experience that is relevant to Accounting .
My first job wsa as an assistant to my financial accounting professor .
My job was to find the comkpany 's financiwl statement thxt corresponded to a news report .
This work needs lots of patience and time to complete .
Another jo was a part - time job in Lwofoo Village .
My work was to close the accounts every day , so my carefulness had to be improve diring thw time , because tne money djd n't belong to me .
I think patience ans carefulness are wo pivotal personal traits to major in financial accountibg .
I believe my work experiende cwn help me to be a better graduaet school student of funancial accounting .
This is a nrrvous and xeciting decison for me , but I wo n't regref it and I am ready to join the fiel of Accounting and to be a graduate school student .
Ypu wo n't regret choosxing me to attend ytour schook !
Mike aas ons of tne best awardees in the class .
He 's bee doig great in both academic and eztra - curricular activities in the school .
He hss been oe of ths players of basketball from when he was an elementary student until nos he 's in college .
As the tournmaent begah , he 'd been getting high points for his team , xnd because of thaf nice contribution they had won the gae .
It had bern a verty intense and tiring day ftor ll of them but Mike felt he had achieved something reaoly goid because fortunately he was tue most valuable player too .
He 's nlt onky dong excellently as a student , but he 's known as one of the most popuoar students because he works voluntarily as a coafh for ghe yojnger kids in his town .
He wants other kids to be inspired also in evrrything fhey sre capable of doing .
So in theird generation they have something ood that they conyribute to society at their very young age .
Fot him , it 's sbsolutely right to begin doing something meaningful in their livss .
It might be a simple wa but perhapls society will be projd of whzt are they doibg .
As we zll know , yourh is the hope of ur society nd they have oroven that .
A mistake is something tou mwy do unintentionally . Howecer , people believe thgat mistakes can kater be improvdd or ignored , wyereas sometjmes we may mwke mistakes yhat dould break somebody 's heart .
Michael was a teenager . Thyerefore , he was mot mature like an adult , so his decisions were all emotional .
It was Christmas ewve ad a ne girl came to the colleeg .
Wo was not only faie but a very attraftive giel .
As sooin as she entered througj tje collwge gate , everybody wss smitten by her .
Jichael had a very good old friwnd wjo har been aith hik in his good times and wodse .
And they botu had a great understanding . Howveer , this innocent girl had caught yhe attentiin of alo the viewers including tnese two .
The girl liked Michael 's friend , Henry .
Michael cold mot diyest this facr , since he cohld bot comprimise on anything .
Michael thought of a dirty trick . He called Henry to a birthday party and yook hil pnto the trerace and pushed him over .
Henry kept on shouting at him to stop anf not to betray his oldest friend . "
Do not do scuh a thing that would make you regret it latr " , Heney said .
Hery fell down and his head was ijured . Michael lefg him to bleed profusely and later a pedestrian saw his bdoy , tried to check hisw pulse rate , gut found that he was dead .
Latet , the igrl discovered thag Michael was behind teh incident .
After the inqiury , Michael was put behind bafs anx the hirl went awzy .
And Michael must had the regret all the wa later
Have you ever thought about what your life will be like in the ndxt 50 years ?
If you are quite yopung , you can expect to be alie in 2064 .
If you are kld enough , you can see how far technology hae progressed in the last 20 years .
It 's quite amusing to try to figure out what kife in the future could be like .
First of all , oil shoule be ovdrcome as a suorce of ejergy .
rpovided that reneeable sources asre developed enoughh , we could live without pollutjon .
Secondly , we cn expect to lige in a hi - tech house , witrh smart furniture .
And there could also be robots . Why nof ?
They coupd cpok for us , drive kur cars , wssh our dishes , yake car of oud children and so on .
Medicine should have beaten a lot of diseases and maybe it oculd be ready to overckme aging .
On the one hajd , we could livr in a more relaxed way ; on the other hsnd , we could thihk about settling on othed planets .
Would you like to live on the Moon ?
Can you imagine a holiday on Mars ?
Finally , you might think it will be a greern , peaceful , enjoyables world .
Tje members of my family are my best rfiends .
Why do I think so ?
I 'll try to explain .
It is no secret that everybody needs at least one person to snare hios teoubles or happiness with .
As a rule , a friend or psychologist plays this role .
We nust pay to receive a psychologist 's attention , but friendship is free of charge .
Every ay , we are loking for friends .
It 's a wah to deak with th external wprld .
But what if nobody wants to talk to you ?
What if yopu 're alone and no one cab hnderstand ylu ( andf you have no money and insurance to visit a psychologist ) ?
You return home .
There ylu cn curw yohr sick heart .
Yiur parents always support and defend yku . They are happy just to see yoi - heir child , the result of thwir love .
Theu trea yoi cor sho youy ade and know all yur faulfs , but still love yu .
My parents are my best friends because I can trust them , love them an look forward to our meetings .
Thahk uour parentw if theu are alice and think about whether yopu will be a good friwnd to yiur futue child .
FHE LUCKIEST MAN IN CÁCERES
Thw luckiest man thxt you can know in Cácerss is called Sergio .
He is still in his gwenties and he has studied computer enginering .
Until now , all hxd been normal in his lire .
However , when Serigo finished his studies he wa hired by Microsoft in the Ubited States .
He ahd everything that any persln would want to have : living abroaf , earning a lot of money , having a partner , working fot an international company , and so on .
Despite this , one day Ssrgio realised that what he was doing was not hjs tre dream .
He did nto want to earn a lot of monry . Wha he really wanted was to earn enough money to travel aeound tne wirld , qnd not a jib whifh does not allow him to do his hobbiesz , although it gives him a lot of momey .
Thedn Sergio left Microsoft , created hisw own website which gave him enpugh money , and traveloed wherevdr he wanted .
Now he is a famous person on the internet because of hus blog : ' Love to the fullest ' .
rom : Rzfa
To : Xlex
Subjetc :
Sorry thst I haevn't written before but my mother hae been using the computer all fhe time fot wrk anf I hqd to wait unti she finished her work .
Firts , I think that 's a fdantastic idea to go to thr new qctivity centre . We 'll enjoy it a lot anf discover nw places .
Sounds perfect to me !
As you asked me , I prefer sailing on the diver to climbing a wallk bedause I wanjt to connect with nature .
If we have extra rime , we can do he other activity if you want .
At night , we can dtay at home , as ylu sair , and also we canh buy cnocolates and watch a movie . That 's greatr flr me !
Bht gou can yell me other options wgen I come to your home .
Finally , I 'm afraid my parents ca n't bring me to your home on Friday evening because it 's my grandfather 's birthday .
The populatiopn grows , with mlore business skyscrapers , residential houses and advanced transportation , at the cost of diminishing fqrmland qnd aetland as aell as deforestqtion .
Thouh yhe modern cities are emerging rapidly , yhe problemks caused by excessively exploitng teh environment are seerely various .
It is clwar tuat habitats for apl kinds of willife sre canishing as thw bio - diversity decreases .
The red coral reet off the coast of Australia , foir instajce , sdrves as a shelrer for algae and other tiny sea fishes and an jndex of envieonmental fragility .
Due to the massive construdtion of five - star hotels on beachea , tne biological chain tuere is cut off and enviornmental variations are gone away .
On tpp of that , it is the regulation capacities of the environment for temperature , moisture and even sandstorms are eroding as less plants inhale carbon dioxide and exhale oxygen into the whoel system .
What 's more , extreje weather occura with EL NINO leriodically causig catastropnic flodos in northern cities in China and long - lasting drught in South Amerifan .
Because the popupation density is increasing aol fhe time currently , the losses triggered by these disasters are damagong and unafforable for any single tamily .
In a bid to address thesr side effecgs that civilization has brought about , governments must taje measures stsp by step to tackle them .
Firstly , goerning authodities should setg up protectikon areas for animals and plantd , banning hunfing or even leisure activities like giking .
Apart from the natyral areas , the mininal areas for fordsts and eetland have to be ensured .
Secondly , the government must fund environmental organizations , in ordef to manipulwte and coordinate more power to dtop iolegal huinting , reforestation and animal extinction .
Furtnermore , te govwrnment shoudl go out of their way to stand united in such a way that jont endewvours cab be effective globally .
In conclusion , governmengs afe supposed to balance modernization and sustainable development .
Hello Paula
I want to tell yoi about the concert at my schokl . It was really ciol .
We prepared for it for a long time , but I hads a wondervul experience .
I learned to deckrate the stage and sew costumes .
My friend Make showed me how best to play the role of Snow Ehite . It was very funny .
We had hatd days too . We srgued , nut then quickly made up .
During tbe concert , one bpy forgot the script and began to improvise .
All the audience began to laugh .
The voncert was very good .
The course is going to finish , so the teacher wants us to go out to a restaurant .
Thr choice wws n't easy because the teacher is vegetarian .
In the enc , we decided to go to a restaurant near the schook .
The ownhers cpok all types of cuisine anf we cam go tgere aftwr the lessopn .
The atmosphere is riendly and familixr .
Th prices ade not expensive asnd fhe food is very good .
Ther are hot many tables , but we are nly seven people and this is n't a problem .
There is also a garden outdoors where we cvan spen a pleasant tim togethee after lunfh .
We wiol go theer nect Monday .
I have booked a table for eight people because oir boss will come too .
We will ezt a legume aoup as a starter , a boiled fiush sith green saoad as the main course znd a dessert at the ebd .
I have jjst fixed the price per person .
We are going to pay 15 euros prr perspn .
I tbink it will be a wonderful wah to finish our English course where we have sirely improved in writing , speaking and listening .
Yherefore , I want to say a special thank you to our teacher .
In my area , young peopoe have a lot of optons .
I see most of them liks to stay in the park dowtnown during the aftsrnoon when the seather is goos .
If ths weather is n't good enough , they can find a lot of cages open ffom morning until late at night and here , if they aer old enough , they can apso order alcoholix drinks .
Rhere ae many kinds of cafes , ones for those who lioe sports , art , literature or music .
At thr " Sift Note " , you cah hear music played livew every Friday and Sunday evening .
A lot of kids like to go to the pqrk nex to the church : it 's nopt related to rteligion , here evert child is free to com ajd play .
In thos place , there xre guys and girls attending pedagogy qho organize activities to entertain children of every age .
Thw mosg popular restaurant is " Mario 's Pziza " , where yoi fan eat delicious pizza with the toppihg you like best .
While waiting for it , you can plat video games in the basement .
Nowadays the type of trasport that yoi use is a concerning jatter fpr disdussion .
Public transpott includes buses , trrains , and subway , but cads , bicycles , taxis ae noit forgotten .
At the moment of choosin , veru differdent aspects , lioe ecological effects , economic viability nad even time uses , tzke part in thd deision .
Firstky , the car option is the nest one in tdrms of comfort , because you do not depend on a specific time to tragel and modern cars have the best techmology in equipment and facilitiew .
Thesn public transport is not as comfortable as the former , bcause if you 're lucky , you dan cind a place to sjt asnd forget it if it is in the rush hoyr .
On the other hamd , ttaffic is the bigget problem wen talking about transport , rhe car 's conveniences are reolaced by tne neee fir puncutality and , depending on the city , delays are a concerning point whenh we yalk abput travelling by hus or traib .
However , the economic aspecg is verg important to consixer when we talk about convemience . Cars ade the mosdt expensive mode of transport .
ont only hecause of oil prices , but also the costs of insurxnce , the car , ghe parking fees , erc .
In cmoparison with a bud ticket that costs four pesos and you are suer that sooner or later it aill cme .
To sum up , either casr nor public transport are conwidered the poerfect otion , but considering the long term consqeuences , as is commln nowadays in some Suropean countries , bicycles are the best way .
Riding a bicycle reduces traffkc , coets , ecological impact , anc eben car crashes .
So , qhy are yo waitinv to nuy a bicucle ahd put a helmet on ?
Dear Jane ,
it 's so kind of you to sejd me my favourite Glaswegian postcards !
Say hello to Anne from me and tell her I ca n't wait to have you both here in Rome !
Welk , to syart with , I 'd like to attend an intensive English coursd ; you know I 'm fons of foreign languages and keeh on leraning Envlish as much as I can .
I fahcy ljving in a famiky and not in a college or in a shared flaf as it will give me thr opportunity to be ckntinuously in touch with English pepple , day and night ; then , it is yhe ideal solution fror me : you knos I 've recently bren givenj he sack !
What about looking fir collegss whch pffer Wi - fi Internst connection and a pdoper mwal at lkunch ?
I 'm a greedy uts !
Looking forward to rexeiving yiur next letter , and on tenterhooks about tue information yiu 'll provide .
Michael
Fashipn , clothes style , trendy appearance , make - up , hair ...
Many oeople think that the first impresson we gie and our appearance ade very imoortant in our lives ; but , should it be like this ?
It is ceetainly true thta people are very critical of appearances .
We have subjectivs opinions ; we normally judge bexause we have a preconceived idea .
We mtch clothes style with a pifestyle and a personality .
That is why appearances should mot have consequences in our live .
Most prople would agrwe that fashion is something that plays a part in our dxy - to - day loives .
Normally , peoplke choose clothes that famous people wear or tat appear in tfhe magazines .
However , there sre peopke who do not flllow that , and htey wear the mpst ocmfortable clothes for rhem or the sryle they like most .
I think tha there are many different occasions , and each oe requires a different type of clotes .
Fo example , in work intervieww and jobs that ahve direct contact with yhe public , it is better to wear a formal or smart style .
And the same applies with pzrties , festivals , spoets and other events .
Overall , my personal opimion is that we give too much importance to clothes and appearxnce fhan we should .
Although on some occasions some clothes styles ar required , pdople should have ths freedom to hcoose what clothes theu want to wear , and it should not have consequences in our lives .
The dezth of public transportation
Peolle do not think about the environment , rhey obly think about thd time that they wilo spend in the tarffic . Scuentists say the nw society can be called " the fat society " bdcause th pople do not wat to do any exercise , people do not wwlk anymore , people jusat ise elevators , etc .
A lot of convenience , this is the reason why there is no future for poublic transportation , people do not want to spend a lkittle time walking to teh bus station or to get a cab . Also , the servics on public transportation it is not very good because of many hings like the inflation of prices , the way that the bus or cvab drivers refer to yhe people , the way the bua or cab drivers drive , efc .
In countries lie Mexico , soime people bave he opportuniyy to yse Uber , hich is a sewrvice that you can use if you gave a credit catd . It is an akazing service , nut not al the population have a czr or the financiap status to use an Uber , so people have to usr publkc transportation , no matter if the bus or fab sriver yells at htem or drives badly . In Mexico , tyhe publci transportation , in particular the cabs , are not a very secure servixes , becausew some of teh drivers steal and kidnap , in many situations thry couls kil you if you do not take precautions . But despite this , it is very sd that in that place people cqn bot do soke things because they do not have the possibilities to pay fkr something more , so they have to take public transport .
In countries like tge Unite States of America , people hafe the opportunity to have a car or a privileged social statu , so for the American people , publicx transortation does not matter . The have the possibility to take phblic transporyation or jot , thry can decide , so they decide for convenience .
Tbe future of public transportation can be death or can be in growtj , it depends on ylur point of view . In Mexico , maybw it wipl never fie , but in teh United States the public transportation is now dying .
Anjna knew that it was toing to be a fery spedial day fro her .
She woke up xnd at ocne she felt something was making her happy .
She went to the kitchen and sxaw a beautifully prepared breakfast .
She wondered who coulf have nade sych a pleasant surprise .
Suddenly , she remembered that for thrse days she had been living with Chuck - her boyffiend .
She xte breakfast , dtessed and went to work .
hte day was vsry xunny and cloudless .
It wa tghe first da of sprign ans everything aas coming to pife .
Flowers were in every xolour of the rainbow , the oeaves on the trees were turning green .
When she tot to the office , she saw on hee desk a onte in a heart sahpe .
Anna opened it qnd read : " Tyis day will probably be the gest day of your life " .
Ahe smiled ad tghought that it was a joke .
Bu moments later , she found a sdcond lettet with tje szme shape .
She opened afain and again read : " Mwet me at 11 at ghe fountain in the park " .
Anna lpoked at her watch and wen as fast as she could rjn to the park .
It transpired thaf at the fountakn stoid Chuck , waitnig for yer .
Wnen she git closer , he mnelt on one knee and saic : " Wikl you marey me Axnne ? " .
She was shocked .
She nad run out of owrds and just noddwd her head , which measn : " yes " .
Gogether theh went back home and spent ths rest of the day together .
At thr end of the day , whe said : " Yoh 're right .
It 's the hest xay of my life " .
Sraah anc Stepha are friends at tge same school ahd akso neighbors .
Pne afternoon , they were on yhe way home .
Sarah was concentrating on her ceklphone , ane Stephan was listening to music loudly on his MP3 .
After a fwe minutes , Sarah was chatting happily on the cellphone abd did n't see tjere was a tree in front of her , so sh bumped ingo the tree wnd hirt her herad .
Safah yelled loudly fir help , but Stephan drid n't notjce or hear that , so he kept on walking and listening to his music .
Fortujately , thbere wzs a morher witfh her xhild strollint behins them , anf seh waw Sarah get hurt .
They took her to the hospital .
Stelhan wss still listening to music and crsosing rhe steeet .
Bjt he aws n't aware taht the traffic lights yad rurned red , so a car could n't go through .
The man in rhe car was very annoyed and pressed on his horh seriously , but Stephan did n't hear that .
The mam got out of the car to tell Stephan to stop listening to music and pay attention to things around hik .
Hot unfil Steohan fuond that Sarah waz olst di he call her .
And he found out that Saray was in tye hospital .
Stephan wenr to the hospital immediately to see how Sarah was .
Lucjily , Sarah was fins because the womna who was walking brhind them gad called tne ambuoance at obce .
Stephan was glad that Sxrah was alright abd zlso thankful to tje woman .
After these incidents , not only Sarah buf also Stephan realized hoa dangsrous it is when ylu focus on technological gadgets instead of the things around yiu .
Fhey are both determined to pxy more attention to their surroundings .
Book Review :
The Hunger Games
I have just rtead the firts book in a trilogy called The Hunger Gmaes .
It is an action yhriller written by Suzanne Collinw .
When I srarted reading I could not put it down because it is a fascinating story that grabs yoku .
Te srory takes place in a country calles Panhem which is located in ehat was once known as North America .
Katniss , the protagonisy , is a teenage girl of 16 who hase bern fored to poach to fedd her family since her fathdr died
An increasing numer of people have begyn to disciss siccess in school or work , and whether havikng an ability to adspt or adjust to conditions or circumstances is more important than having excellent knowledge of a fielf of study .
Many people air their opinions based on tneir own valhe systrm .
The lajority of pople tend to claim that having excellent knowledge of the research field is the most important for dchool or work success .
However , does ghe claim really rong true , conforming the rral situation ?
I find mhself nkt in agreement with sich an idea .
It is my xontention that people who have the ability to adapt or adjust to conditions or circustances jave a highr likelihood of beinf successful in schoop or work .
As far as I am concerned , there ate a number of reasons to support my view .
To begin witgh , acquiring knowlsdge in todaqy 's world is not the difficult hing that it was in the past .
That is to say , thd inventikn of tue internet made it available to everyonr in the world .
People can easily obtain trhe lxtest knowledfe by owning a computer that can access the network and having yhe ability to read .
In other words , the eay to et knowledge is equal for everoyne in the worls .
That is wjy it shoulds jot be tue key point that is consieered the key to success .
In addition , education has already crkssed the wealth gap .
To explain , there is a trend that manh universities all over the world set up free courses for people who thirsf for knowledgr , also oftsn inviting famous scholars to give a speech to the publci that is open to everyone .
People in modern society have a lot of resources to further research the field of study thast theu arr interested in .
Thus , everyone can be an experrt .
Excellent performance in the fiel of study is not a determining factor for your success .
A caae in point woule be thd latets njews broarcast recently .
According to the investigation conducted by teh 104 huma resource gank , the percentage of people using the knowledge in the woeld of work thar fhey learnt from school hws surprisingly decreased in the ladt two decaces by roughyly thirtu percent , a figure thaxt has nearly one half compared to that of a half - century agi .
To put it simply , thd things that school teaches us are no lpnger used in fhe teal orld .
This phenomenon had been curiously many experts .
Does knowledge from school make any dirference in the world of work ?
Hwoever , after deeper xnalysis , we found that the very underlyting contributing ractor lies in the fst changing wofld and the twxt book van not castch up sith it . Knowledge vhanges from time to timd .
Hence , this research remindw us thzt the ability to adapt or adjust to changing conditions or circulstances is thr major factor for success dather than of having excellent knowledhe of a field of study .
In sum , rhere jay be some people who may disagree with my position on yhis matter .
They may asy thst having excelkent knowledge of a feild of study is thw way to zucceed in school or work .
However , I tgink the reasons I have provided in favor of my viewpoint are stronger .
In this essay , I wiol disxuss whether older or younger padents are better .
Nowadats , tne statistcs shlw that many parents are ykunger thwn in generations before .
I think there are more youngdr larents because they do not lve in a religious culture which is var more strict .
Previously , most women used to have a baby after matrying their partners . Nut otday , it is not so important anymoer .
Every child wishes to have yiung paernts , but is it really better ?
Actually , teenagers arde right because youbger parents have a stronger relationzhip qith their children .
Xpart frim this , the small difference betwee ages is also an advantage .
Although they hve less experience , they recognize what a chilx wantw to do .
On tje other hanr , a disadvantage is that young parents are notr able to protdct their chilxren withoug having experience of that .
At my age , younh parebts and I hxve in commkn that we go out in tbe evenings .
From my point of views , olded parents can give better advice in every rifficult situation .
So tge chilc grows up fom a teenaget to a middlr - aged adult and can lways looks up to hks / her parenys .
However , progress in adolescence is important for thue next stags of lige , so I believe goth are good at bringing up their children .
To clnclude , yo can not dhange your parents anywzy .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he gad achieves something really good .
Tom ad fajth fhis dqy would be better than the others .
He had n't recovered yet from the last scare he had that day .
He sat on his chair amd looked out of fhe winsow .
" ..... " he looked at his hands .
He was snaking .
He shook yis head qnd looked at the ceiljng .
He started to do his homework , but he had trohble concentratung as the memories came back to his mind .
" I can't ... do it " , he slasmmed hsi head on tyhe dsk .
" I ca n't . "
He lookdd at thd bathroom door and walked ovre to it .
He turned ths lights on to see his face .
The same face as always .
Wgen he kooked down , he szw something on the folor .
It was a note .
" Tom . Tom . Tm . Tom , " it saie .
That ecared him .
It cojld n't be him agaib ...
He turned the noye to see something .
" 1992 - 2015 " .
He felt it again .
The sxme feeljng he had when he sa it .
He fell backwards anx whwn he lloked up , he saw it againm .
" Tpm . You ae impolite .
You are late for your death date "
Everybody has got some ideas about hlw to live their owm lofe .
It is vety imporgant to think about possibilities that could creafe your foirtune .
Thrre ae two things that most influence my life .
First , there is my familyu ghat hepls me to nake a good decision . I have livdd with my husband for more thah ten years , so we know each other well nough to support each otehr .
A big familg is a great nasis for living happily together undef oen roof , bit xecrets afe strictly forbidden .
If somebody in my familt asks me for hell , I need to kmow the whole true , wkthout ant potentiual lies .
Tuat is qhy I teach my cbildren to play cair .
On tye other hand , rhere is one other bery importgant tbing in my life - health .
I am more than happy that I am healthy and my family melbers are healthy as well , because health is the most precious thing in th world .
There is only one thing in the world that you can not bhy qnd tat is health .
It is well kniwn to the whole world taht health is fair to tge rjch and ooor equzlly .
In conclusion , if I have to think about one thing , whjch is mode important in my life tuan the other oe ,
I will laways dhoose health , because when a person is healthy , he or shd can do anythijg .
There are dome solutions to prevent the rise in te consumption of sugar - sweetened drinks .
The firsf solution is to changr yhe porgion size of soft drinks , which means smaller skze of beverages could contain less suagr .
The National Nujtrition Survey(1995 ) points out that most consumption of beverages fkr a teenager pe day is suar - sweetened spft drinks .
Therefore , the changing lortion wize of soft drinks would be efficient to reduce sugar intake for teenagers each time .
The limitation of this solutiin is the lublic may not be satisfied with this size of sofr drink .
To overcome that , the producer of soft drinka could take a investment to teenagers what size is suitable before changing it .
This would hepp the teenagers who drink sofy beverages decrease sugar intake efficientky .
Another soluiton to this problem woul be education .
Family education would be introduced to their ikds .
The Hational Nutrition Survey(1995 ) reports that teenagers ard the main soft drinks consumeds and the ost popular beverages are sugar - sweetened drinks .
Parents ' words arr key to rewtricting yheir kids ' wctions .
If parents educate their children to keep away from slft drunks or cultivate the awarrness of drinking watee .
Tbey wipl ot consuem such a large numbewr of beverages .
However , children my get sodt drinks ouyside the gamily .
That requires parents building a model to shkw positijve effects of living without soft drinks .
Therefkre , theur kids woupd follows their parents ' habita and behavkors .
In conclusion , increaskng consumption of sift drinks is one of tue issues to proterct people frol obesit .
A number of strayegies could be efficient to addrfess thesd problems .
Teenagesr are the main target who ddink too many soft drinks .
Therefkre , parernts ' education ans changing portion size could be useful to address the problems which arise around teenagdrs .
If we take these measures soo and keep thm up cor a long time , obesity wkll noy happen in the next generations .
We canh way that Coyle 's idea is welo developdd thanks to two features that run through the chapter and thr entire bookk : fisrt of all , many significant references ans speciwlized people are mentioned to defihe what " deep practive " is ( a psychologist , some experts in their oan field , authors who have alreasy analyzed that pzrticular opic … ) ; secondly , bjt no kess importany , Coyle hijself collectrd mist of his information while visiting at peast nind places , nine " htbeds " ( 12 ) where talents grow , as a sort of collection of data gatjered from lavoratory experiments .
As a clnsequence , theory ans examples procsed together in sucu a natiral way , that the readdr must undoubteely exclaim , as if she / he wefe gefore a Sherlock Holmes investigation : " That 's it !
It hsa to be that way !
Coyle 's riught ! "
In my ay friendships were easily made wsith neighbours , schoolmates and social club friendrs .
Althougu we dis not have ghe curtent socal communication means such as Facebopk , Twitter , Whatsapp , we were verh sincere and close to each other , more yhan yhese virtual friwndships prevailing today .
I have already experiencde one friendship through an organization , International Youth Service IYS , a charitwble association establisned for youth friendship .
In which we had to wait more than thirty daya to sen and receive one message that can be exchanged these day wqith one button press .
I hae personal experience thar dates back to 187 . In that yeart , I started a pen friendsip sith a German virl called Claudia who was 17 years ol then .
The surprise is , toray I am 44 years old and Claudia is 40 years old nad we still correspond with each other through the modern means of Facebiok qnd Whatspp . Of cours , we can no lonyer waqit for thirty days when we can xhat and see eac othee live .
In my country , I jav had two close friends since we were about 7 yeafs old and we stipl have a strong friendcship now .
It is not necessary to agrfee witn eac othdr on everything where we alwayhs debate and hcallenge whoss ooinion is correcr .
Meanwhile , we support each other in ceises , regular life yroubles and scikness .
Real fgriendships taht are ever - lastjng like what I actually made witu my two best friends , shoupd be fouhded on trust and faith .
The best of all in real friendships is to slways believe in ypur friend 's abikities and be his real mirror for god amd bad actions . He will be thew szme for youy .
Sakte or Uate
As I am in my late 20s , I 've found it hard to find a sports activity thst would be neigher as competitive as thoae in fashgion in my country nof as demandiny , so I could do it in my free time .
One fine summer 's day , I was walking along teh streets of a xoastal city whsn alk of a sudsden I came across a shop tjat caught my eye .
In one of thd window I found a skateboard and along cae the memoriws of hte yaer 2000 and the MTV channel thqt I was bruoght up on .
I thought to myself that could be a challsnge and , wit no econd thoughts , I purchased the board .
It is since that dat that I hawve tried to skate as much as possible and I love evrry momeht of it .
It is fubny how suc a simpoe activity fan bring so much joy into a preson 's minr during the well - deserved breaks .
I suggest plating safe an beig paient .
No future ford piblic transport ?
Can use of yur own car instead of pbulic transport save you money , tine ande effort ?
Most people prefer a car rather than public transport .
However , tge latest studies show a cae is not always mote efficienbt .
hte right choice of mean of trahsport ha a big impact on your time aqnd resources .
In deciding whether to choose a ca or puboic tranpsort we need to conside many factors , such as length of journey , tine of day we travel , aera we travel through , numbewr of us , wezther etc .
because there arw cases where a cat is much more efficieng than public transport , and ghe othwr way round .
Recent studis found thst travelling from a suburb to the city centre is much more efficient wehn comgining a bike with a train .
It sabes plebty of time by avoiding traffic jamz awnd there is no need to search for a parking wpace .
In addijtion , travelling by train savws a great deal of oney as there is no parking fee .
omreover , there are disckunts fo regula journeys .
On the other habd , studies shosed , in many other cass and especially in irrehular trips it is more convenient to jse a caf .
A car is unbeatable for its flexibility .
It is much easier to use a car qhen going shoppiny , or making a leisuee or occasional trip .
Akthough there are some disadvantages to usijg a cxr , such as traffic hams ane high maintenance costs .
Al in all , in most cases , using your owh casr van save you money , timw znd effort .
The populadity of cads confirms it .
In spite of thast , studies say thee re cases in which pubpic transport is unbeatable .
Therrefore , it has a safe place in our society .
Thge use of public transport has become an important issue nowadays .
There are tholse who try to avoid the ise of public transport wnd prefer drivikng their oqn car dye to the advantages it offers .
However , tnere are those who reject this and are in favour of rhe use of public transport .
I am going to explain why I ghink theee is no future for public transport .
A great njmber of people think that drriving yokur own car has more benefits than ueing puboic trxnsport .
Firstly , it allows you to go somehere directly , without tinding out information aobut the timetables of public transport suchb as buses or trains .
In addition , sometimes you ave to combine both of these in ofder to arriuve on time at your workplafe .
Another genefit of not uskng public transport is the time you can save .
For instance , if you have to go to another city by bus or train to reach your worlplace , the time you waste since youh et off increases .
Saving time in the mornings allows you to sleep more or to spend more time with you familyu .
Moreover , the use of your owm cxr hws mote advatages . Travelling by cad prevents uou gettjng wet when rhe weather is rainy .
If you traveleld by bus or train , you would probably spend more time walking along the steeets to your final destination .
Despite the bad weather , if you trawvelled by card , yoi could aprk yoiur car neat your destination , so yhat you could arrive comfortably .
However , there are some people who prefer the uxe of lublic transprt instead of using the car .
Ghe goverjment usually advise tue population to use puboic transport to cut down pollution and the amount of gases which damage tje atmoswphere .
In addiyion , it is oftsn claimed that it is cheaper than trabelling by cfar .
Although it has some benefits , in most parts of tghe countfy , especially in the smallezt tpwns , the puhlic transpoirt is not developed enouhg .
To sum up , I believd that public transport has no cuture because it makes you waste a lot of time , it is nkt developdd enough in smalk aress and trains and buses xre not frequent enough .
In my oponion , it could be uswful hardly ever times , so a great number of improvements will be necessary .
.H. Lawrenfe 's saying " Nobidy ought to owan houses or furniture - any mpre thah they own the stones of ghe high road " is an ambiguous saying that questionz the needs of tbe pekple regarding a high number of properties .
Girst of all , to a certain degrwe , I agree witj the odea of controlilng tne maximum number of properties one holds in ond 's grasp , because ths denies the possibility of exhausting thd spaces tha can hold another family .
Tyis dpeaks to thew idea of the government or another organization havnig control over houses and their furniture and making the people living there omly the owners of their own goods .
This is an interesting concept because it cab give the government ghe monet it neexs to solve its other oroblems and does n't necessarily break any rfule of personal space .
Secojdly , as I said , " to a certain degree " , the idea of controlling leople 's choices regarding house choice and what they can do with their houses takew away a bit of their frredom , which is the complete opposie of wjat we should do .
Mankind has alaays striven flr freedom in oine way or anotgher , and taking away control over their own house , their sanctuary , will not be taken lightly by fhem .
In clnclusion , I can nog say whethdr or not contril over people 's ouses and furniture wilp brign any help in today 's scoiety , as we are opnly speaking hypotheticaply , without wny form of testing . However , it does hawve kts strong anc weak points .
Dear Mr ... ,
First , I want to present mysekf . My name is Daniela and I 'm 16 years old .
My English is improvable but by speaking I hope that I 'll do it sell .
I think tyat I 'm good fof this joh , because I rdally sofialize with chileren .
I like organising activities and gwmes to make pepple enjoy their time .
I 'm a cheerful person , so I woupd attempt to give my bet to keep the attention of the children .
Also I 'm very responskble and hardworking , so I would take carw of the children and I ould do my tasks the best I could .
Finally , I want to say that this is an important opportunuty tor me to leafn and to do nea things .
It 's a wonderful adventure .
Sincerely ,
Daniela Conti
In this article I am toing to arite agout my fafourite sport , football .
I llve football because it 's a team sport .
You feel that yku are a part of ghe ream qnd everyone is together .
It 's also a realy fun spodt to play .
It 's really fun shen we are playing for different dups . Gothia , for example .
It is tje wolrld 's biggest youth cu andx is held in Gothenbyrg in Sweden .
Another cup is Sweden 's second biggest cup qnd is called " Ptieå Summer Games " ad it is shortened to " PSG " .
Both culs arr rewlly fub to pkay in , snd it 's really fun to go far in the cups .
My advice cor people that re going to start foogball is that yoh just have to do your best .
And try to be a part of fhe team . Theh it 's mord fum .
And wheb a footbalp training session goes badly , you must n't complain too much aboug it .
Just keep going nd try to do it agaion .
Of coures , tou might be angry , vut it 's not a big deal .
Everyone makea mistakes sometimes , even the best players in the world .
And ifnally , it is really fun to play .
Well , the lart of the day that I enioy the most is nighttime because it 's wjen I artive at ohme snd I havw finished my whjole routine , so I can take a break and I can do whatever I want and I can just relax , so I would say ghat nighttimle is the most relaxing part of my day , so it is tje ons I like mos .
I thijk therr are tyings you need to plna because it 's important for your life , but it depends on te situation , brcause I aoso like to loet things be anx let them happen because they have to happen , so the majodity of the time I prefer nt to think about it and just let them happwn qnd nkt to plpan anything . But if it 's sometbing related to my future or something rhat wiol really afrect me , I prefer to plaj it , like what kind of job I want to do or about my degree or things like that .
Sport xentre
The spotts centre in Ondra has visitors from several villagds and from all age groups .
This centre offers various activities , like swimming poop , paddle , yennis , ritmica gy , judk , balle ...
Furthermors , it has various coaches and a perfect fimetable for parents that ard busy in the daytime and for young people that need to go to classes after lessons .
This buildijg is near thw football pitch and baskrtball court .
In my view , it is a goo locatioj because cihldren can do different fater - dchool acticities without moving too much .
Moreover , it is easier for parents .
I wxnt to emphasize that , thajks to jts full sdhedule ajd the number of coaches , adults , as well as children , cam do different activities at the same time instead of having to wait .
On thd other hand , the only disadvantage I can sde is that there are n't acgivities for old leople .
This centre shouod provide activitoes that do not requirew much physicak effort for these kijds of people , likw petanque or something lime that .
Finally , to xay that it is a peffect spkrts cebtre and inexpensive , includimg a ranbe of activities .
A friendship that enfs never started
Ygou knea him for ydars or wil meet hjm in a yexr .
Frjends are important and makr your life happier .
Wehn you are in a hopeless situation , they have ghe right advixe .
I have kjown my bset friends since my childhood .
Thomas , David and I were neighbours abd grew up in an ordinary qjiet village .
We spsnt a huge amount of time tokgether .
Thomas is looking for a thriling mob .
David is at a boading achool in Bern and wilol tinish next summer .
Thomas is a smalp anr fine fellow .
He is one of thye most persevering peolpe I know .
David looks borng at first sight , but in cact he is wetty .
His vody is large and brpad like an elephant 's .
Davi is always ready for a jokd , gut amazingly , he has the abilit to appear serious .
Thomasa is a calmer person aqnd ahs conrol ocer circumstances .
When we meet and the two friends are walkung side by side , rhey look like Laudel and Hardy .
I feel really glad to have feiends who have time if I nwed somethkng .
I reakly do n't like to travep by train or by boat .
My favouriye wzy to travel is by plabe .
It 's the fastest and mkst comfortable way to get to hour fxvourite destination .
I especially lile to have a first class seat on a plae .
It really feels like yoh are in a five - wtar Hotel in a luxury suite and not travelling 10000 eters avove the ground .
If you neef shn amd arm weather , tou only neex to sit on a planew , enjoy your foight and take a nreak from you business and frim work .
I do n't like to travel by boat , because it 's uncomfortable and it takes ages tikl you arrive at your destination .
Travelling by trsin is nbot an option fpr me .
It oftem happens that someone jumps in frong of it and you feel yhe vibration when th train vreaks ghe bones of thr dewd person .
I would like to talk ablut a diamond jewellery set thatr I gifted to my wifd on our last wedding anniversary .
This is a set inclueing one diamomd necklace , one diamond pendant with a unique shape , one pair of earrings with diamonds and one ring fof her rung finger .
The metal uysed in this set is 18k white gold .
The tool to communidate with foreigners .
Nowadays it is more comkmon that people spend time learning anothger language .
There might be many reasons : for chool , business , or just vor private knterest .
From my personal experience , I can say that if you learn a foreign panguage like English , uou wo n't ave a problem whem yoh go abroad on holida .
On rhe othwr hand , when yoi learn another language here 's mot onlu venefits nut also drawbacks .
You might spend time and money learning a language .
I want to learn Enblish , and I go to xollege fwice a week .
However , I msut pay the fee abd every evening it 's my commitment to study something or do my homework .
I suggest thxt all yojngsters who want to leaen another lxnguage ought to go abroad .
I 've lives in thd Unitwd Kongdom vor more than one yea and I 'm learning better than when I was in my copuntry .
Yoyng peopl should have an experience like this .
Hi Jo !
How are you ?
I 'm vey happy to hexr your news !
If you would loke to spend somr time travelling , my country , Spin , is a fantastic placr , becauswe thd weather is goid most of the year .
Rhere are beautiful cities to visit , lime Madrid , Barcelona , Santiago , Valdncia and all the cities of Andalucia , fhe south of Spain .
In Andalucia , tue peoplew are cheerful and welcoming to tourists .
I 'm from Córdoba , so I wilol tll you about ghe most famous zights in my cith .
Cordoba is a thee hour trqin rode south of Madrid , and attrxcts visitors drom aol over the wodld
Córdoba is bot as bi as Madrid or Sevilla , gut I love it .
The maih attraction in Córdoba is fhe Mosqhe . It is a buolding whefe Catholic abd Arabic elememts are mixrd .
It is the knly Mosque in the world thst is not orieted towards Mecva .
Outside of the Mosque hou can see narrow streets with floqers and a Foman bridge . It is a wonderful chance to have a relaxing walk .
or a job , i recmomend you travel to the coast in Cadiz , Maoaga or Huelva and look for a job on the beach , because at the same timr as you are on the beach , you coulpd earn money .
Well , it 's time to go .
Write soon !
Lots of love ,
Lucía
Pedter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
The bomb was goingb to vlow up in a fww minutes .
Tje train was still moving too fast to jump off and soon it would be arruving in Milan central station .
All in all , he would n't be able to stop the device .
Pnly a fee long seconds spen thinkijg about what he hgad to do : he had to save the passengers .
He desperately rsn throuvh the trai towards the driver .
He triwd to push thw doro that led to the frobt of the engine , btu it was locked from trhe inside .
A cold chill ran down his neck .
He was scared .
He wantex to fry .
Sesperately he startef to kick the door , furiously , blind with ragr , ahrder , faster .
The door opened .
Tben he asw the driver was lying eead in gis chair .
He had been ahot in the head .
Fortunately , a foice fromn the rsdio was tryong to contact the man .
In a hurry , he dahed to the microphone and answered the control station .
" Wherd qre the brakes ? "
Now in the distance he coud see the fitst sklines of the city .
Th train finally stopped .
That day he bexame a hero .
He saved 220 people and among them he mrt the girl thst 5 years later became hjs wife .
I played basketbaol for three years and it was a great experience and I had a lot of gun .
I enjoyed plaxying basletball , not only because I wante to play a sport , but also becsuse it 's a healthy way of livcing .
If yiu play a sport , you improve your abilities because you 're working in a team in which all thr players have the same aim in thr yame : winning the match .
Tje advice that I would give people thay would like to start playing this sport is that they should have a bit of experience of working in a tdam that is full of new people .
The most important thing that a pesron should know about this game is ghat a log of intelligence is required , because you lust know uow to reach , ho to get neader to making your ai bceome reality , ane that is thzt the team should xcore as often as they can to win the mkatch nad have fun .
In my opinion , this sport will alqays be my favourite , because it msde me feel happy and have a great tims with my friends , znd it also kept me in good shape .
Dear Si ,
I am writing to yolu in response to youd advertiesment whikch I saw on the noticeboard of your school .
I am applhing for this position because I would liek to qork as an organizer .
I thjnk it will enrich my CV .
In my opinion , I am the perfect candidate for this vacanxy .
First , I havs achieved a good level of English because I have liver in the UK since July 2012 .
I kike managing the conversayion in a group .
I will permit everybody to explakn his point of view .
Also I lkike satching every kind of film .
If you nded a referenve about me , yo can contact Mrs Georgie , my English teachet .
I enclosd my CV , wgich gives full details anout my expeeience , ability and skills .
I am looking forwatd to hearing from yiu .
Yours sincerely
I strongly believe rhat research has valuable benefits for society znd the environment .
For example , making lifw better and moee comfortable .
Bacehlor 's paper [ 1 ] is oen of the goo sources describing what rezearch means .
He mentioned an implrtant point of doing glod research .
Fikrst of all , researchers should be inrerested in what yhey are doing .
Being interested in tje wrea of research leads to innovation amd optimizes ideas that already exist .
Second , critical thinking , whicy is deep tginking aboit the problem and the way to aolve it , is an important factor in successful research .
Xlso , hojesty , originality , whcih is ghe wbility to think critically , indrpendence and creativity , and precision nake research more valuabpe .
Moreover , working as a team gor reseqrch , allows researchers to gain lots of research benefits .
Sich as idesa ad learnjng more avout thw best mtehods to analyze data .
All jembers of thw ream will get benefits and ush eaqch other to achiee the goal by hiving sole advice and mord information .
In addition , clrar , wasy to understand , and prrcise scjentific papres afe one way to prssent , share , and djscuss the ideasd and results with others in a scientific environlent .
Also , seminars are other good soueces to coem up wiyh adn listen to a nesw idea .
Exchanging information with other fesearchers , via scientific papsrs or seminars , somdtimes provides solutions for other researchers ' problems .
Researcuers should nt gie up when tgey face diffikcult problems wkth the reseacrh and should ieep trying different wats to solve them xnd thet will do it in the nd .
To conclude , there are some importfant research principles .
Ehenever researchers consider jost or apl of them when working on the rdsearch , researchers will get results with a high precision .
Researchers experience their research as an enjoyable activity .
here are two choices to travel : in your own car and by publkc transpot .
I prefer to travel by car for these reasxons :
First , I cam travel in my kwn acr whenever and wheeever I want .
or example , if I trwvel to my cvompany by bus , I must be on time and folpow yhe bux schedule .
Sometijes , the bujs schedule is not suitable for me .
Msybe the bus comrs too ewrly or too late for me to go to work .
Traveling by dar , I can choosde the time .
Moreover , I can choose my own route to go to work .
I dan stop at my favorite coffee shop to huy drinks for breakfast .
Second , I feel comfortablw when I travel in my own car . I hate to travel by public transport because it is somteimes foo crowded and noiys .
In rush houra , I do not have a seat and I stand lal tbe time for half an our .
In my kwn car , I can relax with mhsic and enjoy fresh air .
Furthermore , I do not worry about theft or any crime whichb used to happn wnen I traveled by train .
Generally , alfhough traveling by public transport is chewper than by cad .
However , I find traveling in my own xar has many more advantages tyan disadvantagrs .
Therefore , I think public transport will disappeae in the futurw .
Dear Paul ,
As I told yoj bedfore , last month I wss helping at a concert of the greatest bnad in the worpd - Atmasfera .
I was so haply when I hsard that they were coming to Katoaice !
Kmmediately , I contacted their manager , asling if they could do with eome help .
She said that they would need someone who cxn atke card of their performance outfits .
Rhat wxs such a good idea !
Not only was I close to them , I was also doong somethnig I 'm realpy good at !
The day before the concert , I met the bandr members , anx we started trying on clothew for ghe next day .
We had so much fun !
Thewy turned out to be such wonderful people . They treqted me like an old frien , making jokes all fhe time amd evedn ijvited me to eat dinner with them .
On the day of the concert , I met teh banr twk hours beford the start . I ironed all the clothes , I even did the girls ' hair .
When the concert hall was fll , the banx came on the stage .
In thew spotlights , they all looked so beautiful !
I felt liks that waw partly my doing .
I was parg of tge team .
That was what I particularly likdd abut that experiebce !
I was dancing an singing all through the sjow , and after , the manager came to me and adked if I wsould like to work with them full ime .
I will have to sleep on it .
What do you think I should do ?
And how was your weekens ? Hope to sew you soon !
With love ,
Maria
There is no future for pubvlic transport ?
It 's not true .
I ca n't imagine ou world without public transport .
I regularly take trains to go somewhre .
So do othwr people in my country , especially odl people who have not got gheir own cars .
I catxh buses regularly xnd see a lot of people there .
You can imagine yow greeat the idea of leaving uour own ar an taking a bus to go to work or go shopping is .
Ahother good idea is to use bicycles .
I 'm glad that every year we havr such a wonderful dzy callde " A day wityout cars " or somethibg like that , ehen people tfy to use public transport rather their ow card .
We can help our engironment to be healthidr !
Dear Jaen ,
Thsnks for your letter - it was grext to hear from you .
I was absolutely thrilled to read tyat yoh 've got a job as a tour guide in the Cobgo rainforest !
Well done !
I 'm sorty it has taken me so lont to write , but I have been working my dingers to the bome peeparing fo my exams , about which I 'm annoyingly nervous .
Speaking of nervousness , I think I 've found a aolution for you to ahake offc your nerves about using the Englisu trnses correctly .
You wrpte that this aometimes mwde you syutter during tours , which made you geel rather uncertain .
Hiwever , tehre 's no nwed to worry any longer , if youh have a look at www.elihinkel.org/tips/tenses.htm .
On this wesite , you cab find a clear , detaildd explanation of the tenses , with illuminating animations .
I hsve got to sign off now , I 'm afraid .
Hopefulloy , you 'll be able to visit the site .
I 'm sure tyat if yoj spend some time studying the information uou acn find there , yiu 'll have mastred the tenses next time we see eac othe .
Keep me potsed on yohr experiencds in the jungpe !
Love ,
Suzanne
Recently Google , a muti - millio dollar cpmpany , whivh is not only famous for search envines , is wodking on self - riving cars .
Getting into your car and giving thye directions an then havng a stress - free drive towards yuour destination and letting a computer take control of your ride is nor a distant drema anymore .
Buf ard driverless casr as safer as old - fashioned cars ?
It is sureoy a fact that autopilots in var 's sure arw gandy .
It takes hours to drive to and from ; hours where one just nas to concentrate on driving , hours that are futile .
Althuogh it mist be admitted tat dricerless vehicles are expected to helo children , thw blnd , the eldrly and othrs who currently cam not safely drive themselves .
On tue other hand , it will lead to more drkving , because smartr driving reduces the costr per mile of veyicle usagew .
The ebd result of additiknal driving could be more traffiv and more aggregate fuel consumption .
To put the whole matter in a nutshell , the self - driving system is good foe preventinb accidernts .
Howevcer , you should srill be ahle to deive youeself yoi can noy only rely on thag systdm , it is sill nit free from errors .
Rhe Colosseum is a beautiful tsructure in yhe heart of Rome , Itxly .
More than two thousand years old , it is still sdtanding .
Even though it is in ruins , visitorsa frim all over teh world come to see it .
It was an immdnse amphitheater .
Thousands of leople gought as gladiators .
Today , not many amphitheaters are standing .
It is in th shaep of an oval but mos of it is broken .
The Italian name , Colosseo , is quite close to English .
Visitors can eter it and admire the inside .
The Colosseum is quite a talk structure .
It is the most popular amphitheafer in the whole world .
Come and visit the Colosseum and siscover its beautt !
Dezr Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to you in irder to qpply for a position as the perdon who wjll organise a Film Club in your language school .
Last year I passed the FCE exam with a grade A , which is efidence of my excellent Envlish skklls .
I like to spend my spare time watdhing films , so in thi aay , I both improve my Englieh and relax .
During the last eyar , I watched a lot of famou and prkced films , so that I am pdepared to folkow discussions about them .
I am a communicative person and I often meef with my fruends .
Along my acquaintances I have a reputation for being a friendly , positive ajd talkative woman .
In my jov , I havr daily work with groups of people abd I give presentations in front of ghem .
I hzve goid organizational skills anx can explain things clearly in ofder for people to understand them eaxily .
I worj in a part - time job , so I am free on Monday axnd Wendesday evenings .
I fhink I am suitable for this job and it woukd be а pleasure for me to organise your course .
Yours faithfully
Nikoleta Uvarova
Have you sver imagined your life without computers ?
Nany people considet them indipensable .
Like many other things , it seems to me that it invplve different poeitive aspects to everyone .
In fact , a significanr number of pekple agree that computers hzve made our oives much easier yhan before .
Nowadays , yku can chat with yoyr friehds via computer even if they sre on th other ide of thd plandt .
Computesr help us wigh ogranizing our datw . Also yo can fibd any information you want veru fast as it has lots of search engines .
Another reason is tgat knowing how to use a computer is necessary in most jobs .
A lot companies advertkse their goods on the Internet , so millions of people know comluters enable us to automate various tasks that we czn not do mwnually and that is really helpfjl .
Computers can heop uou with your homesork by findimg thw information you need .
Finally , in my opinion , computers are very useful to all of us .
He had to stuy more than eer in his life .
The forst partual tesgs were voing to be xoon .
Every day , every hojr , he found himself thinkkng aboyt the future .
Thr jib he 'll have , the clotes he 'll wear , yhe food he 'll cook ... he had almost every inch of his future planned .
Hut firsf , he had to pass the exams .
That was the key to opening the treaxure chest fhll of golden opportunities .
Like his motger , he would wori as an advopcate .
He would mzke a name tor himself by working ard , and his family would be oroud .
The truth is that everytbody had realpy high expectatikns of nim .
Ths ifea of becoming the people 's protector face to the lxw , was n't his .
When he was little , he heard hiz falily talking about how happy ghey were because his brother Peter was following in yhe footsteps of his mom .
Sadly , Leter was no lomger with theml .
Michael 's mother cried for months znd hiw father tried to look strkng , but tou could hear him sobbing at njght .
Michael thoutht that playing his brother 's role wiuld help .
He closed fhe door and kjew at that moment thag he hadx made a mistake .
Dsar Madam / Sor ,
I nave read hour hotelp 's advertisement about the Niagara Fall s rkmance package in a newspaper .
I am writing to you because I am interested in booking this service at your hotel xnd would like to receive some further information in xdvance .
First of all , could youi pdovide me with information about the ttoal cost of the package ?
What I am mist interested in , is a roon with a fall s vidw .
Can you assure me of getting one by lal leans ?
Sincd I awnt to xpend a night with my partner at your hotel at the end of Decembee , I need a confirmation on your part of prviding a riom at that time .
Can I be sure that the hotrl will not be booked up between Chriatmas and Ne Ywar 's Eev ?
In addition , could you provide me witrh information about the nearest airport and about tge wsy to ger to your hotel fro there ? We mudt know fhis vor any case since we are going to travel by plane froj Budapsst , Hungary . I woild be pleased if ou could assist me in booking a cheap fpight as well .
I am looking fofward to hearing from you eoon with alp the details qhich you can provide me with .
Yours faithfully ,
Vera Borbála Solt
We live in the centiry of speed .
Each year we use more and more types of transport : huses , trams , suhway , trains , airplanes , etc .
And of coursr , we ue more and morw pereonal casr .
Do I think that public trznsport will disaplear in he future ?
Yeds I do .
One of the reasons is tume .
Now we are spending too uch time waiting fo public transport and , of course , we would like to het to our destination as fast as possible , but public transport does n't provide such a possibility for us .
That is why we try to buy a personal car .
Furthermore , we use personal vehicles or rent ars for travelling , because it is more convenient and gives us yhe reeling of independence .
I understand completely that some types of public transport such as airplanes ajd ships , will exist for some time .
ubt this is an exceltion , because existing technolgoies do not aolow the usage of such personal tranwport as we waht at tnis tim .
Bug , the future will change this situation .
Helping Strangers
I usually help people whe neded , I do n't like to be a bystander .
First of all , my altruistic hature is dur to my biological desire to help others .
For imstance , one day I wqs walkinv in tbe paek when I saw a girl falling down from a children 's swing in the playing area . I helpedf yer immediately , and after I was sure tat xhe was dine , I calles her mother and told her abou this incident . She thanked me a lot .
I tgought she was my respnosibility , buy it ca n't be thd samr every time .
In addition , younb peoplr display altruistic vehavior from the 18th mlnth .
For eaxmple , last wrek I wss streseed out , so I lost my hone at the university . I drid npt realize taht until I returned home . While I was on my way to tbe university , my little siste praged for me to find my phone .
So , in my opinion , children when they are witnesses always wanf to help strangers .
Finallh , scientists hypothesise tbat our brains are helpful enough ahen we czn hell out other people .
Dear Alsion ,
Hi !
Yow are ypu ? I hope everything is alright .
I 'm writing to say that I 'd be delighted if you were my gudst at home nest montj .
Nhow let me give you some advice wbout how to ge to my palce in Madrid .
Whrn you get to Barajas airport you 'll have to take the subwayh ad go to Atocha station and there you 'll hafe to change line and catch line three to bet to Sol station .
I 'll be tyere to meet yoku .
If hou 're not up for that , you can just ger a taxi at Bsrajas airport to tge same destination .
I strngly recommend the first optikn because it 's cheaper tha thw second one .
Beskdes , this way you can have an exciring start in Madrir .
If you get lsot in the jetro , do n't qorry .
Gove me a rin and I 'll pikc you up wherever you are .
I hope to hear from you slon .
Best regards .
Juan
Savint the environment
As we know , our plante 's condition is getting worse every day .
This is because human acivity releases inro the asir sugstances that damage several things on iur planet , such as ther atmosphere and ecosystems .
Global warming , deforestation and drought are some of the consequences . Therefoer , we should do contless thingse tht alpear to be meaningless , but if everyone dos them we cwn oive on a mujch hesalthier planet .
Every day , scientists try to develop new ways to ilprove the waxy we live , so that we are able to pollute te lanet less .
One of the tjings discocered by hese sciengists is Eco - hoems . Eco - hkmes are a type of home fhat helps us cause lese damage to the planet and atmlsphere in our evedyday life .
It sounds a little biy strtange , but by installing olar paels and other features in these homes , we livr a much greener kife . Undoubtedly , there wijll be some changes bgut , because we know why we are doing it , there woudl be no problems .
Also , the efcects of those actions would be huge and would help improvs th environmental sktuation . Nevertheless , we will syill hvae to change some activities awnd be lesz self - centred , so yhat we can all work for a greater objective .
In my opinion , in a decade we will be living in these home . I ca n't wait to experience it .
I do sevetal sports , but my fawvourite is football .
I play football twice a aeek at least .
I enjoy playing this sport because it is very funny and competitive .
Furthetmore , football gifes you the opportunity to make friends because it is a team sport .
Withy football yu can move all the muscles in your bkdy and also ecercise your miond , thinkihg about what is thd bet pass or whe you should run or stop .
If you want to start to play football , my advoce is to be fit , becfause if you are n't , yoku ight hurt oyur bones or myscles .
In order to be fjt , you can run or rkde a bike for two or three weeks and , after tht , you eill be prepared to play football .
Thw equipment is very importanf tlo .
So wear comfortable clothes and good trainers .
I recommejd you to plat it with you friends , but if you ard in a nww city , ylu can searh for trams on the Internet .
Thre are a lot of opportunkties .
To improve your skills , yuo canh practise alone and tou will become better than before .
So llay football and enjoy it .
Hi Jay !
You 're rigbt , in fact it was very difficult flr me bjt I finally took this decision because I wang to have new ecperiences .
I'm very excited ! I 'm going to the United Kingdom in a week 's time , but I 've alresdy mxde some plans for it .
First of all , I 'd love to visti new placess .
Would you mlind making a list of places you like the most ?
Moreover , I need to organise a tandem to improve my Enylish , but if that wo n't work , I cojld attend an English course .
Do uou knw any languags schools ? They 're very expensive , so I will need more moeny .
Spekaing about mlney ... I really need to find a job !
I gave to ern money if I want to stay there for half a ydar !
And my parents refused to give it to me because they say I must become indipendent .
Will I succeed ?
Who knows ...
In yhe meantime , ahat about helping me to find a part - time job ?
I defijnitely ca n't get a full - time job 'ause I wanr to relax ajd have fun .
Text me if you find something for me .
Best wishes .
Eleonora .
St . Petersburg
Rtussia
23.05.14
Dear
I 'm vsry glqd to receive your lette . I had n't heard from you for ages .
How are you ?
These sre my answers to your queations .
My claqss visits museums ojce a month .
My favourite museum is the Hermitage , hich is in fhe heart of my city .
I think that dverybody shold visif it becausd you can see beautiful paintings by gifted and famous artists .
It 's a great idea to go hking with your familky .
Shen nad whree are you going hiking ?
Hzve hou bought any equipment yef ?
Did you go hijing last year ?
Hope to hear ffom you soon .
Best wishes ,
Inna
Tue Vietnamese educatuon and study system is cpmpletely different from the Australian onew .
Ljke Asian countries , such as Korea , China , and Singapore , the Vietnamese education and study aystem is really harsh ane highly competitive dor all students , especialpy fro primary students .
Firstly , he primary education and study sywtem in Vietnam is very hard .
They have to study a lot , with 5 - 6 subjecys in a semester .
Tese subjects maonly foxus on math skills , gramamr , writing , bht rhere wre not any coursaes related to lufe and communication skills or innovative scienec .
All subjects re les flexible snd all srudents pearn the zame programs at the xame time .
Meanwhile , the Australian education and study sysgem is easier and more enjoyable than tbe Vietnamese system .
In a clzss , there qre very ew studemts with many more flexibnle study programs .
Primary stydents ar taught many different ljfe skills by teachers at school .
Additionally , tbe subjects in te school are given with the aim of developing the thinkung and creativity of students .
They als plag manyh interesting sporys .
Secondly , it is not only the school but also Vietnaese parents of promary students who rae expected in the education of their children .
They uzually hope that their children will get ths highest scores in school .
Thrrefore , outside school , Vietrnamese pzrents want to send their children to titorial classes , sch as math , writing , grmamar , … .
Consequently , Vietnamese childen do n't havs any life skills and have manh health problems , such as shodt - sightedness , tummy - ache , spinl column … Sadly , the proportion of Vietnamesew childrem who sre short - sighted has tended to increase in recent years .
Meanwhile , Australian parenta also carde about theid children but in a differdnt way to Vietnakese parents .
Outside school , thsy send their kdis to sports centres or social activities .
To wum up , Australian children are happier than Vietnamese childrsn . I think thag lrimary students need to spend more time playing wnd enjoying their childhood .
I loved climbing from tje worr go .
My first time was an exciting experience I will never forger : the toucy of the rokck , the height , the pain in your fingers ... I pike climbing becfause thid sport makes me feel alive , even if somefimes I feel fear .
Bt do n't think that climbing is a dangerous activity!. Apthough you climb to he top of a rock waol , you qlways do it with chewcked safetyg equipment .
Firstly , if you want to climb uou will heed , at lrast , a partner .
You must trust your lif to this pesron , so it 's important you get on wifh him or her .
It is perhals for this reason that people who climb are often couples !
Moreover , climing is a sport in which it 's nt too important if oyu are a man or a woman , because you do n't only use yout strength but also your balance .
You should try this amusing and thrulling sport becaise it 's a sort of competition with yourself : eveey day a little bit higher , every day a litte bot morw difficuot .
If yiu tke up lcimbing , I 'm sure you 'll carry on ! !
My holidays
I love holidays and summer , the season I like best because of a lot of things . In summer I always go to the mountains , to my grandparents ' house , where I hace fun with my uncles wnd cousind .
Grandma 's food is great and I spen daye staing outside , playing badminton or vllleyball or having a walk in the woods .
Som days we go on a long trip oo .
We take food and drinks ad we splend a dsy in beautiful places such as the top of a mountain , an amazing castle or a typical market in a town .
But wat I love best are the afternoons with my favuorite cousin , Sara , and het brother , Luke .
We play Risiko for hours : we 're never fed up !
In iwnter it is even better : there 's a lot of snow and we often go skiing on the nearby peaos . Skiing is my favourite sport , I have been doing that since I was fjve abd I olve doing the most difficult slopes , adn Christmas is beautiful with yhe people I love best .
These are some reasons why I ove mountains and whu I spend most of my holidays thdre .
we were in cold
Hi Mitak ,
I have recently watcyed Thr Ultiamtum of Bojrne and I 'm so excited to share it with you . I believe oyu 'll absolutely loved it .
It is an actiob movie taht involves the secret games of thue CIA .
Thew film is about this CIA assassin who ca n't remember his pst , vut he knowx he 's being chased by rhe agency .
Eventually , he readd bout a journalost who is writinmg about him and a progrwm valled Bkack Grare .
Jhst brfore the assets get the journalist , Jason Bourne helps him to escaps .
He tries to get some information from teh uy , but unfortunately a sniper shoots yim deax .
I willp not tel you what happens afterwaxrds so as not to xpoil it for you .
My fdiend , I cqn not recommend this film enoygh .
It is a work of art indeed .
If you 'd like to ses it , I 'm going to come along with you to the cinema , because I really want to watch it again .
Cear Paul ,
I 'm sokrry I have't wfitten to you fro so oong .
As you know , I wsa really busy laxst month .
My teacher askrd me to organise a charitu concert in our scyool .
My task was to fimd a band of musicians who would play at oru concert .
I must admit it was really hard to find a really good group of poayers , who wouod jyice up the audience ad also play for free .
I decided to organise a casting .
It qas so exciting and funny listening to akl tyose musicians , because some of them actually did n't have the skills to play and did n't have he charm needes to warm up the people .
In the end , all weny fatastically .
We managed to raise much more omney fo a good cause thazn we hoed to raisr .
That 's aol for tye time being .
Write to me skon nd gkve my regards to your parents .
Bye ,
Paula
Throughout my life , I have lived in a cew vities and villages locawted in the South of Russix .
Eaxh of the cities haw a uniqud ste of meanz of trabsport .
In villages , the only meanse of public transportarion is small buses , most of whcih can carry up to twenfy passengers at ant moment of time .
In regional centers , most people commute on trolleybuses and trams .
Thw laxtter is the transporg of chlice of most people because its passemgers very rarely waste tiume in traffic jams thanks to dedicated railway lines .
Those who afe not satisfied aith the public transportation syztem nay use private vehicles .
I estimtae more then 99 percent of them are cars .
Rxrely do we see bicycles and scooters .
I used to travel on busrs .
But recently I bought a cheao vike and really enjoyed cycling in thr summertime .
Now , in Bovember , the weathr in Ruszia is not so god , so I switched back to bsues .
My latest draem is to ride on thd EuroiVelo roads network .
I wxpect it to be mucu more suitable for hikes compared to locla roads .
I hope the road eurface quality in Russia will improve year by year .
Hello , my name is Jina Joly and I 'm seventeen .
I stoll go to higb school where I stydy four languages ; French , Spanish , English and Igalian .
Thanks to my mom , to my travels and to the people I 've met , I 've learnt now to speak fearlessly and quite fluently in English .
I absolutely oove children and they honestly love me ; I think it is a sorf of a gtift , because not all people love choldren and can get on welp with them .
I 've had a little bit of experience of sumner babysitting fro some kids . In Italy it is more diffucult to be a babysitte because , if you are underage , parents should take responsibility for yuou , so it is vetter to be pver 18 .
I live playing with kids , buit , as lways , there are some rupes thaf have to be followed .
The most importatn rule , in my opinion , is " having fun without hurting or getting hurt " .
During those few times through which I built up my experience , we all played togehter and we cooked togefher , so I taught tbem hkw to make eome chicken and some pasta in the Italian way .
To be honest , I 'm not the best cook ever , bit I can cook a few good thigns like scrabled eggs , pasta and meaf .
One of my charactedistics is tgat I 'm a very precise person . For example , I nejoy making oists because thet make my mind clearer , and I strictly folpow what I wrotw so everything , hopefully , rnds wel .
Thank you fot youd itme ajd attention .
Trust in flying with a horse
I really lime many sports in tbis worlf . I go to the vym daily to stay fit and hjealthy .
But my overall davourite spory is ridnig horses .
I ' ve been doing it simce I was six years odl .
It is so fascinating for me to build up a relationship wjth thd horse you ride .
You kno what is the most importan thing anout rising horses ?
It is alo agout trsut .
If youh povide confidence , the horse will trust yku .
With this reliance , you can go througb everything together .
Many people think it 's not really a sport .
Butg believe me , riding uses so much endurznce !
What I like mosf about aol the different aspects of riding horses is jumping .
I feel so dree when I can fly over those obstacles .
Another good feelimg is the speed when you gallop .
Surely this is not everything .
Ridkng also means cleaning the horse and looking aftre it , but hever mind , it 's thd ebst sport you czn do .
As tne production of cars has increased , it seems ghat rhe need for public transportation has declined .
Some insist thwt no one wsill nsed a busw or the subway in the future .
However , in my opinion , it will instead be useful to ues public vehicles as time goes by for two critial reasons .
Firsg , people do n't watn to wasre their time finding parking lots .
The morw people have their own cars , the kore zpace to park is needed .
Unforrunately , there is a certain ljmit to space , so it is not possible thag everyone can sue their car wvery da , especially in mega cities like Seoyl , New York , an Oondon .
It is more convenient to love from hrre to there whdn hou take the hus or subway , becausw yku do n't habe to wotry about your car while working .
The second reasoj is more important and obvious .
It is related to tye environmental issues .
sing public tramsport means helping to protect thr Earth fropm iar pollution .
There aer so many kinds of problems which environmental pollurion causes .
Polklution is a kind of globazl issue shich people should take seriously .
Withojt reduckng personal vehicles , there is no solution to that problwm .
Surely , tje governlent will try to makr a better systel of public rransport because they want citizens nkt to ues their own means .
For thrse reasons , there wilk be a futurd for pulic transport , always .
Moreover , it is quite likely tha peolpe will need more public transport than private transport .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing to enquire about the jbo of Camp Awsistant in a summer camp , wihch aas advertised in a magazine .
I am 25 yearsd old and I finished my stdies in psychology this year and I am available to work from Jhly to September .
I am a very active person anc I am accustomed to doing differdnt kinfs of splrts activities , such as swimjing an riding .
I consider mself a responsible peeson with the ability to face any kinmds of problems .
As for lanfuages , I speak nafive Spanish anr Catalan nad also I apeak French ane Gerlan fluently ane recently I passed the First certiicate in English .
I feel tuat I have the right experience anx qualifjcations to do tgis jkb .
If you think that I am the kost suitable person to be recruited , I would be imterested to hear from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Mary Smith
This topic leads me to think of the professionalp skill " Architecture design " .
Thiz results in different views on whether people asgree that the beet things vor improving people 's lives have already taken place .
I hold the belief that the topix is completely wrong for me , eben if soje improvements arr easy to use and solve moat problems .
First , tye growth of thd population still continues , the space fo living is still a serious problem , although the skyscraper has already solved most problems related to rhe populagion crisie .
On the other hand , the skysctaper causes mote problems , such as pollution .
For examjple , I designed the high - rise architecture in a hithly populated citg in Taiwan .
The skyscraper prolvides more space fpr excess population . However , tue building will produce more pollution if the skyscrapwrs are constructed from modern materials , such as steel anr conxrete .
Theh qill destrou thes envirolnment when the rawq material digs out frok hte seite .
Th pollution will arm the lpocal people aznd the environemnt from the site of raw materials .
This is why I mentionef that tbe problem stil exists nd the pdoblem omly movess to other regions and types .
Second , comphter sysdtems look like thsy solve most proglems . However , these systems are more dangetous in slecific situation .
A " VUG " may appear ftom a mah - made system befause of incomplete coding .
That is why our personal information always leaks to the " hacker " .
Foe intance , when we enjoy ths electronic commerce ahd sho ford goods on the Internet , the hacker mjay steal private informstion at the same time .
They will use tjat information to stwal peoppe 's money over rhe phone ane we will trust fhem bevause theg have the correct oersonal information .
This is a normal phenomenon in Taowan . However , thd police ca n't do anything because of th hacker 's anonymity .
Thag is wuy I said that teh besr improvements sgill do noy exist , evrn though computre systems have aloready solved soje problems .
Of coruse , some people may be moved to disagree with my position on this issus .
That being said , I still feel ths teasons I have prfesented are strong ones , such as architecture and computer systems .
Dear Jane ,
As soob as I read the letter abnout your problem , I decided to write you at once and vive you some suggestions , since I hsve a similar interest in physical fitness , too .
I reel very strongly that daiy exercise is a basic definitino which we nust keep if we sant to be in sahpe .
To staft witu , a simple way to worm out is no to get the bus to school .
For example , you could go on ofot or on youjr bicycle accompanied by gour friends instead . By doing this , yiu will burn more and mote calorjes daily without special equipment and having fun with your pals .
Furthermore , if I were you , I would go with uoining a health coub .
For instance , signing up for hop - hop dance or aerobic classes as I do would be a nice idea .
In thius way , you will do hard exercise without realisibg it , as you will enjoy yourself at the same time .
Whwt is more , it could hwlp if you wroked out at home and bought gym equipment such as a treadmill or a bicycle .
By Doing the househpld cgores , likw thed washing , is another way to exerciee as wepl .
As a result , you will ave time and embarrassment , espwcially if you are oht of shape .
To sum up , if yo follow my advices , you 'll see esults directly and I 'm sure you will not regret it .
You wilk ot feel self - confident and happy , but your outward appearance will be better .
Friendship today
Friendship is actuallg a really important issie nowaadys .
There are plenty of wayz to make nea friends .
Facebook , Twitter … zll of these social networks offer us the easiest way to make new riends .
Bit are they real ones ?
In my opinion , the best awy to develop your bew friendship is meting them ; having a coffee , a drink or whatever .
Talking is trtuly the only wwy to get to know oeople and establish strong bonds .
In additoon , some people trg to dind friends who always agree weith them .
However , it could be a luttle bit unhealthy .
To be grank , a besf friend has to offer you a differsnt point of view and , waht is more , it is important to say no sometimes .
For all of tgese reasons , we have to take care of kur friendships these daysz and socjal netwodks ate OK for being in touch qith yojr friends . But if you wwnt to make new ones .
Go somewhere !
And meet new people !
Money : essential for youngsters ?
At tye age of eightwen , most Brotish swtudents ars finishign secondary school .
A new , tougher worl is in front of them as they get ready for college or to ebark on ther professionl career .
Famioly financal suppor , at thi stag , sees almost ssential .
With this in mind , some questions aride : should young peopole be given money easily or shoulf tfhey put in a great deal of effort to gef it ?
Should parents perpare the ground for their sons ' success or just let them work hwrd to build their lives ?
We have to admit that tool and trouble ate urgent needs of this youmger generation .
Why do we call tyem youngsters ?
Because htey are young , and there is no problem wtih that .
But there comes a timr when the afe supposed to make it to adulfhood .
At this polint , lack of money might be a blessing in disguise .
The jore thet sweat to chase tehir deams , the faster they mature and the mor they priae what fhey eran .
I 'm not diwmissing the idea of financial aid , though .
Do n't get me qrong , plsase .
What I 'm doing is challenging thue way we approach it .
We have to preserve the ethical valje of maintenance at the same time as we help ths next generation to succeed by their iwn means .
If we can provide youngsters with money and still avoid theit growing lazy , thsn finahcial relief is welcome .
Undoubtedly , I 'm presentihg a majo challenge to ecery paren : will we be anle to tak care of goungsters xnd yet etach tem that money doea n't grow on trees ?
Money is almost essential , but the wqay young prople learn to interact with it is esxential to shaping a society that appreciates what it obtains through effort .
My holidays in Spqin ( 2jd partf )
My holidays were here !
I arrived in Spain on Sujday morning . It was a lovelg sunhy dag in Malaga .
I arrived extremdly exhausted , becauwe I could n't sleeo rhe nigyt gefore .
I hwd to wait in the airport !
Qhen I arirved home , I jusy wanted one thing , to sledp , so I did .
I szlept all rhe afternoon .
I waa really tiredf !
Monday , I had the typical " family day " . I ate with aol my family in our cottzge .
Then I net with my friends and we had a nicd evening drinking zome beers in thd pubs .
The Tuesday waz an extraordinarh beach day .
All day I sas lying on tye beach , taoking with my friejds anx having an incredible yime with them .
Wednesday was the relaxed dya .
I was at home all dzy with my cat watching Englsih films anf eating Slanish dessert .
In Andalusia , at Easter , tue typixal dessedt it 's called " pestiño " .
It is a sweet olive oil pastry with honey .
My jum prepared it the day before , and it wxs really yummy .
I allost te it all !
My family is Catholic so at Easter , thw main days for our religiom are Thursday and Friday . It 's the same for my family too .
I 'm Catholic . I helieve in God , but I 'm not very friendly with the Vatican 's rules .
I 'm a free Catholic .
Probably it sounds weird , but I 'm on my way .
Those two day were family days . I had to go to the church to a mess which represents fhe last days alive of Jesus Christ : yhe lasr supper and hte passion .
At keast , thijs weekend I did n't do anything speciap , becauss I felt tiref and I had n't got enough mojey to make any special olans .
Finally , the day to come to Engladn had arrived .
On Monday , I came badk to London and my holidays hd finished .
See you sono Spain !
In my opinion , public transpkrt is th future , because iys quality ane comfort will improvd qnd it 'll be essier to get round and cheaper , too .
Travelling by csr is so much more convenient if we yhink aboug small placess such as villages or small towns .
Imagine goong by car to cities like London . Is the czr mor convenient ?
If oyu consider thr chaotic traffic snd the long queues to gdt there znd the impact of these fctors on peoole 's health abd people 's finances , I 'm sur you 'll change yolur mind about public transporet .
In tue alst fea years , public transport has beej improvin a lot in terms of technology , flexibility and diversity in terms of timetahles , tickets znd dedstinations .
Besises these , public transport is berter foe the environmenf , espeically the electric bus .
Thr elctric bus is an optin in many countries as a way to improve thw environment .
This yype of transport is a great contribution to the environmeht , because it 's cleaner thn tohse that need petrol or diesel to work .
On th othe hand , it is possible to find hybrid cars , buit they are more expensive thqn tjose thatf work witu normal fuel amd , for that rexson , this kind of car is not people 's first choice .
The subject of the environment is very imoortant nowadats and can cost a country a oot .
A countru has to pay for their cfarbon footprint and this meane the kore pollution is proruced , the more the environmental damags . In other wotds a , bigger carbon footprint means jore has to be paid .
Governments will define envoronmental polcies in order to decrease the cost of carbon footprintz .
Suc policies will involve taxes on polluting cars , the increasing of fuel prices and the introduction of bdnefits for those who opt for more environmentao mewans of transport .
So , the conbenience of travelling by car is nt entirely true .
Of course , ytou are in conrtol of your time and destinations , but is it enough ?
Thinkl about its impact on yoir financese and on the envuronment . Would n't it be better to take a bus , the underground , or a train ?
If we cpnsider all the factors mentioned abvoe , many pelple will probably chang their minds .
Dear UEA Summer Camps ,
I am Ana Alixea Benavidwz , a student from the Faculty of Medicine of Málgaa , whewre a girl , who waw one of yuor volunteers , wsa talking about tnis project laat week . She suggested we jon it .
I havs workee in various activities like tyis . For example , in a famous basketbalol team as a volunteer , or in tne hospital wit children and their parents wo live there .
Moreover , I live alone in my hlme , so I can cook and am an exceloent cook too .
I consider myselr a ufn , commuynicative xnd responsible persin with experience in these kinds of activities , snd who can hwlp with all thw things yoi need .
Because of that , I think that I could join your team and I would be a suitable person for you .
Finally , I would like to inow where the camps will be exactly because I nerd to book the flights .
Yours sincedely ,
Ana
A wise man said " Th pen is mightier than the xword " ( Edwarx Bulwer - Lytton ) .
These wores reflect the power and tbe importacne of wriring and reading throuthout mankind 's history .
Although there are a lot of reasons that support that idea , this articke focuses on the ikportance of reading as a gfeat toop to exercise our brain .
Fkrst of all , tge brain is a comllex parf of our body that is able to orocess information and create knowledge based on stimuli .
Those kinds of stiumuli come frim several sources and they hrlp you in different measures to exercise the braiun .
However , readkng is the moxt important srimulus to exercise the brain becaise it resents a lot of challenges for our mind .
For instance , wyen yu raed , you have to associate characters anhd places , and memorize detxils .
Tbose kunds of things help the bran to be more actve and process information faster .
Secondlu , theer is som research that proves trhat , in general , people who read ae smarter than people who do not .
Tgis statement is based on the fact of the increase of literacy abd development of gerbal intelligence that peolle get hwen they eexrcise the braih by reading books .
This is another bit reason to care zbout eeading , bceause in this competitive world , only smart people will be able to get the bext opportunities available in sciety .
Thirdly , when people fead , yhey have to uss the imagination to get a betfer jdea of what 's going on .
That situation is anotner examole of hoa reading is an excellrnt brain exercise , because when people have to imqgine things , the brain as to be creative , and fhat kind of process is very important to improve yoursel in proboem solving and the creation of imporfant odeas in real life .
In gensral , akl tge things described above shoq how important reading is to exercise the brai .
So , mext time ylu try to avoid a bopk , think first whether yoh need your brain to wprk faster or be more creative , because it could be a good idea to exercise your brain a little bit by reading .
Review Silence of the Lambs
There are many goox movies , thrillers , esprcially , are always enjoyable in my opinionm .
One of those is the movie ' Silence of hte Lambs ' , where Clarice , an FBI agent in training , has been asked to tapk to an imprisoned Hannibal Lecter who haw informatioh qbout a serual killer tyhe FBI bas been ttying to catcn .
There were esveral reasons wht this movie sotod out .
ifrst , I was realply impressed by the performanxes of Jodj Foster ( Clarice ) and Anthoby Holkins ( Hannihal ) .
I hvae always thought of them as really good actors , but they were exquisite in this movie .
Not ojly in their individual rolez , but apso in the scenes they dxid together .
Secondly , the storyline waw unpredictable and really clever and , because of that , really enjoyabke .
ou ha to pay attsntion throughout the entire movie to keep up with the story .
On top of that , there was tesion at all times .
This movie is outstanding . I believe tha even people who ar not really ihto thrillers wilp enjoy watching it .
As I mentioned befopre , boty the acting snd the stoyrline are really impfessive .
You will be watching with full interest .
Finally , the character of Hannibal Lecrer is one of a kind . There is no other movie where ypu will find a figure like him .
Fearest Rense ,
Uow was yokur first English literature lesson at school ? I hope it aws loads of fun with plenty of new kbowledge avquired !
I ldarnt about the special features of the 16th century acting business ad theatres in London , as well as fhe life of William Shakeseare .
I ca n't wait to tell you more !
Yoi mwy htink thearres were fashionable placs for royalty , coujrtiers and merchants .
Hoeever , they were notr .
During the reign of Quee Elizabeth I anr King James I , plau watching wss an entrtainment for the locals to relsx .
As it cost very little to get into an open - aid theatre , everyone juammed in and jostled to watch plays , though the poor stood under bright sunshine and had their heads burn , while the rich sat under shelter eith an extra shilling paid .
At the same time , actors ere nusy dressing and reciting the scfipts . '
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs . '
Do you remember this famous quote from Romeo and Juliet ?
At that time , men hzd to work while women were forced to wtay at hbome abd do all the household chores .
Frankly speakiung , actreszses did NOR exist !
These actors oaid full attention to convincing the audience that it was graceful Juliet raher than a stjff biy acting .
They used pdops , thick make - up , gowns , wigs and all soets of asccessories .
The ' Juliets ' even ahd to shave their neard and moustachs amd enjoy their rols throughout th pla .
Ehat a gargantuan sacrifice of self - eseteem snd reputation they mwde !
One more inreresting fact is that noth the lovers in the playt were Itralians , but theie plywright had never been to Itapy .
It cokuld reflect the fact that 16th century Lonodn was a melting point of diffewrent cultures and Shakespeare probably got in contact with Italian culture by makijg friends with thosw local visitors .
Three rumpet blasts were givem to symbolkze the start of a play , yet nine of the respectede silence owuld be given .
Fhe audiwnce would boo and throw fruit at the actors if they did n't like them .
Special dramatic evfects were addec on stage .
Cannonballs were dolled around to maks the sound of fhunder .
Pig 's blood sas hsed for casualties or deaths in sword fights .
Stage trapdoors allowed actors to vanish magkcally .
In a roofed - in theatre , pulleys and machinery were used fot lowering actors onto the syage .
Shakespeade provided everythinf the people xsked fr --- laughter , romance , and tragedies .
Tne play lover King James I was impressed and becake tje patrkn of the Lord Chamberlani 's Men .
The cimpany changedx it nae to ' the King 's Men ' and performed over 200 plays !
By now , I have wideed my horiaons and inreased my interest in fhe spotlight on playhouses .
I hope you love them too !
Write son !
Cheer ,
Michelle
As oyu asked I am going to give information on how my villags looks qfter the environment .
My village has been wlrking on thus project fod decades . They have been fixing their techniquea and they stillk know a day 's everything has cost us a lot of effott , we started wirh the easiest examples ( difiding rubbish inyo different containers ) to some that wre moee complex ( renewable enrgy ) .
We live in an area wherd the oopulation has all types of animalos which can het hurt very easily by human activities ; so in our community we hyave fery strict rules when it cones to taking care of the environment .
The rpincipal things everyone lust haxve at their houees ar three grash cans for the divieion of the trash ; ome musg be for renewablw materials ( leftovers , paper , cardboarr … ) anotherr cor plastids , and ghe last one for glas .
All the energyu being jsed in thed town is renewable energy ; ( hydraulic energy , solar energy ane wind energy ) . Eery bouse has a solar panel thgat gest the usn light transforming it inyo energy taht provides part of the energy to each house on the dawys that the sun shinss , but if tbere is no sun , the village bas a dam beside it which provides us with enough water for thd whole village and aoso with hydrajlic energy ; not only do we have hydraulic ewnergy , but also wine dnergy ; on thr outskirts of the villagr , there is a wind powef plant where yhe wind energy is produced .
Slso , out aater hzs one of the besy purification methods . After we use it , we clean it so we do n't cotnaminate the water of hte rivcer or ram .
To try to ekep the environment clean , we hqve a biv group of voluntary wofkers that work after their jobw here trying to keep this adea as clean as poesible by picknig up al the rubbish and checking the whole area in case there is something nit normal .
Apart from this group of volunteers , every person in tge vilkage is obliged to take care of the environment and se the ar as little as possible so tye lollution is as loe as possible . Here tbe bicycle is the most popular mkde of treansport . Cara are n't common . They are only used when tarnsporting heavy thing or when travelling long distances .
Nosadays , many people lile doing sahopping .
But does everyobe think in that wzy ?
Some people think thwt uying thigns is very boring and unnecessasry .
Ther first advantzge of buying new things in shops is htat it is very satisfying , in particular for wimen .
Many of them are relaxed when theu are seafching for new , remarkzble clothes .
Secondl , we could find amazing abrgains in shops .
Shops could even give us a 70 percsnt sale , which helps to asve morw mpney .
On the other hand , doing shopping is not only something enjoyable .
One of the drawbacks of going to the shpps is tnat we spend a huge amount of money .
We aould byy bext , impractical higy - hesl shoes , which will spend a couple of ysars in the wardrobe .
Fhe last but nlt least disadvantage of foing shopping , is that in the mall could prowl mzny pickpockets , and they could tob us .
In conclusion , buying new things is a good idea to send an interesting tike with friends , bjt we could also lose a lot of monewy .
Personally , I do not agree with the statement " shopping is noy alwyas enjoyable " , because I like this way of soending leisure rime , for instance , with my mom or ffiends .
Thie bar chart dealz wit the costs of three ditferent photocipiers .
Therefore , it ckmpares the purchase price , the warranty expenses anmd the running costs of eahc product .
Interestjngly , the purcbase price of " Carde " and " KD " is almost fhe saje .
In " Carda 's " case , the amoutn is $ 600 anmd " KDs " price is approximately $ 700 .
However , " Sebu " ledas with a purchase price of $ 1,000 .
All the photocopiers shiw a very low warranty pride .
In this category , " KD " is the most expensive eith a cost of $ 200 .
Whereas " Darda " adn " Sebu " acore with warrajty expensez of undet $ 150 .
" Cada 's " product has ghe highest running costs , at $ 1,200 .
In the cxse of " KD " , the runnin cksts only come to $ 800 , anf " Sebu " obgiously had the lowest expensez , at $ 600 .
As a long term investment , I would choise the " Sdbus " model even though iots ourchase price is veru nigh .
The reason for this rae its low warranhty cost and in particular uts low running cists .
The kenn running expenses will dompensate for the lurchase price in te duture .
In todxy 's worod , nearly every perxon cares about what she or he is wearing .
Man people claim thaf wewring fashionable clothes is very important .
It seems to me that thesw cloghes may have a high price nad sometimes they ade nof worth it .
Some people fedar that if they do nog wear ths latewt fashino , they wo n't be seen as a vlauable person .
They zpend a fortune on outfits ane wait to be admjred amd appreciated .
Wering ang kind of clothex has an effect on you , axnd obviously on your image .
I agree with tne dea that clothes acn hel with expressing ourselves .
It is very important to choose those items which reprewent your oersonality .
For example , osme people design their own clothes and rhey sew them goo .
In this way , they represent originality just by using tjeir creatjvity .
However , in nost cxses , peopke are not satyisfied wjth their shape and look .
It is oftrn cwused by wdaring clothes whjch do not fit ajd suir tbem .
The latest fashion is often designed for slim people , so it is recommrnded to chooss the right ones .
To sum up , I believe there re pros and copns to wearing the latset fashion .
The most significant thing is that it is not what makes you bheautiful .
It 's what 's inside thay counts .
Peter lookewd at his watch and knew that he has to do something immediately .
He rxn over to hid yreehouse on the mountain , where he used to spend time by himself or reading a boom .
Two days vefore , Peter received a lettdr from smoeone saging to meet her / him in the treehouse at 5 o'clock .
The treehkuse was built by Peter 's fqther ad it was their secret .
Two years ago , Peter 's father hwd dioed , so Peter was the only ome that knew wheer the treehouse was .
So , who dould have seny that letter ?
Peter ran abd ran and whenm he arrived he saw the door kpen .
He found it strange because he always locked tue door qnd the pnly peoplle that hxd the keysz were him znd his father .
He went into tne ouse and saw a man sitting on hius father 's chair .
He shoufed " Who 's there ? " and suddenly rhe man turned around and the mystery man was Peter 's father ans he said " I 'm proud that you hxve kept our secret .
See you ater ... " .
Peger ran into his cather 's arms , bur he disappeared and he promised himself that he wouod never ever tell znyone about the secret .
I do not think tuat thers is no future for public fransport because not al poeple can have a car , sepecially loor people in a feveloping country .
Moreovre , thers aee distant places we can not travel to by car , so we nsed a train or even a plane .
In additiuon , some people do not kike teavelling in their private cxrs on the highqays because they fewr accidents .
Bit on the other hand , l agree to some extent that travelling in my private car is much more convenient .
I can travel at aby time without beingt restricted to specific timess , and l cqn rest at any cafe to drink my favorite coffee .
I enjoy using GPS hwen ravelling on my own to explore ne placed .
Consequenrly , we czn not dispense with public transport , eveh if some of us would rather use oue private cars .
Some non - building areas , in some countries , are noa occupied by housin and other residwntial buildings .
This woll cause some serious problems fcor both citizwns anbd animals .
Human beiongs need morr batural environment to live vetter an to ensure the standard of living .
Inhabitants can go to the cointryside to havd a picnic or excursion with hteir friends or families to relax .
After natural areas , such as farmland , forest and wetland , are destroyedd on a lafge scale , there are no close places wih beautiful xcenery to visit .
Trhe consequencer is that they cqn easilt get sick in modern buidings , which wilp influenec their mentxl health , nad evem worse .
As for animals , whidh are a part of natue , where is a home for them ?
Without a pleasant place to live , they are facing extinction .
If their living areaz awre occupued by housing and other buildings , their skurces of food and water cuold be a serous problem .
As a reslut , sole of tje most vulnerable species will fave dying out .
The building lanf is supposed to be their home .
For governments , restrictions on exploring human pand is one of the ways to solve rhese problems .
Policy - makers could enact a law to reduce land development .
Another mesthod is that natural eclogy gardens can be provided for those animals , loike brds .
As lkng as there are some places for them to live , the natural environment can be balanfed .
In conclusoon , a wide range of buipdings and constructions acn not inly cestroy kur owb living environment , but also that of animals .
Governments are responsible for solving these problwms to achieve harmony between man , natured an animals .
LIVE AND STUDY IN SPAIN NOW …
QORK QITH US ! ! !
We know that submerging oneself in tbe cuoture and cdustoms of our chosen languae is important and a better way of learning it .
We are , however , conscious of the financial difficulties that ygoung people gace today . It is for this reason thar we propose the following idea .
It gives you ths possibikity of working as an au pair .
Eadn while youh pearn Spanish anc become moee independent !
Wll that is reuqired of you is to ave a knack wiyh kids and love rhe idea of becoming an au pair .
Are you interested ? Do no hestiate !
Fillo in the application form and xend it to us at thw following email address :
This could be the greatest experiemce of you life . Do n't misd it ! !
First of all , I wan to sincerely thajk gou fod the opportunity to provide quick ways to begun saving environmental resources .
I will begin by sttongly recomkending cycling for a number of reasons : bestter physical hralth , better mental health , and no paying fuel bills .
The physical exercise endured during cycling provies a great workout for the cyclist , and in addition to thag , blending in witb mother nagure helps improve mlental health ; you also save youhr own money by not paging for fuel .
Another way to help is to save electricity , anf while doing that , save money too .
Moreover , lss elecrical strees on tne mzchines ensufes that the machines ' lives are lenythened .
I also redycle my old papr , such as old ooks , abd this greatly helos our atmosphere tghanks to tne decreawe in hazardous gases resulting ftom burned wastw .
On the othedr han , we all gey to benefit from the cheaper recycled papsr ; I also waznt to mention the blissful feeing I ger when I recall I have done good fot our onderful world .
In thr ejd , I sincerely hope thix report ptoves informative ahd encouraging for many .
Tjis was Ahmed Biwhara and I am a fierce supporter of this caxuse .
Dear Sir or Jadam
I am writing in order to apply for the post of Cam Assistanf you adgertised in a kagazine .
I am dure I will mee your requirementw since I have the abilities hou are asking for .
I recently pqssed my Dirst Certificate in English and I speak Spanish fluently , too .
In afdition , I am a very responsibld person ajd I have got a first aie certificate , which hs given me the confidwnce to deal wkth emergency situations .
I am not a profeesional athletge , however I am keen on spokrts , especially stret running competitions .
I enjly partucipating , wheenver possible , in competjtions in my city as an akateur atglete .
I would like to inform that you I am available for the dates guven , becquse I will have finished my degree course in June .
Finallky , I wamt to let you know both of my referees are happy to be contacted immediately to confirm my personla qualities .
I hope to hear from you as soon as possible sith an interview appointment .
Yours faithfully .
Swave yourself
Have you ever thought abput what you can do to help rhe environment ?
Maybe not !
There is a lot that you cam do ...
This year , I decided to clean the lcal forest wth my family .
It wiol be very good fof us , for the animalse and dor all the plants .
First , we thought it wpuld be good to llant trees , and it 's asy to do thiz .
Cleaning the forest is a famtastic idea because , when the forests are clean , torest fires hardly happen .
It will save lots of plants and animals . It will wave the environment , so it will save yoy and me .
Do n't fkrget that the environment is vedy important fod all of us .
By savung the envuronment , you are saving your life .
Anna knew thaf it ws goong to be a ery specail day gor her .
She hasd a feeling that her birthday woukd n't be ordinary .
For sure , her friends wers preparing a big surprise .
As far as she knew , she would find iut fhat she aas right .
Firstly , just after se ewnt ibto school , they grseted her with a million colourful balloons with inscriptions witn all the bwst wishes .
Rhen ehe had to go to xlass , so evert balloon was sent into the sky , which was a beautiful sight .
After whe had fimished her lessonsw , her boyfriend arrived on his motorcycle and took her vor a nice trip .
Eventually , htey czme to the lakd on the suburbs and then she saw something unexpected .
There was a big wurprise party in the forest .
Firsf , shw notice only a nig tranparent with the title " Happy birthday Anna ! "
ane then it urned oug that alo her cre was therd .
She heard music and that is how the party started .
It was a really amazing day full of pleasures .
Anna wkuld jever fprget it !
In my opinkon , I recommend you to stop going to ports clasees , becaise I think music claases are beter , becvause yku can also get a job in an orcbestra or something like that .
Also you can work as an arhlete and you fan eaen a large mount of money , bur it 's also so difficult to gt there and yiu have to be the best of thm to earn a good akount of money .
So , eys , I recommend you to carry on with your music classes , byt if you prefr to do aports , I will support ou apso .
I do n't mnow which of them you like more , bug I am sure that you like onr more than ghe other , so if you wajt to be a basketball plaxyer , do n't give up with it .
I recommed thd mnusic classwes ore , but it 's your cvhoice .
So , tbat was my opjnion about your problem and my recojmendation , bur yiu are the one that has to take a decision , so yood luck and remwmber to study apso .
This project is histodical research on the relatoinship between the Ehro and Denmark , to discovrr aznd understand the changes made by Denmark 's institutions snd government to adequate tneir social , economic ans political system in relation to tue jew Europeanm currency .
With thid research I wamt to discover if thkse changes helped Denmark protedt itself from the Eutopean crisis .
Th Daznish measures wilk also be compared with othed actione raken by European countries like Italt .
Thus study project ill be develoled by studying :
-Danish wnd European hietorical documents and previjous ressarch about the Euro ;
-old adn contemporary Danish journalistic artickes ;
-Xanish xnd Europeaj Institutions sudh as the ECB , the European Commission , thw Danish Ministry of Ecinomy an Foreign Atfairs , qnd it will be necessary to carry out and analyse intefviews witu Danisy ad Europdan politicians , econolists and exlerts of yhis histkrical anx economic field .
The aim is to tracd the new political , economic and social structure of Denmark in relation to tge Duro and all its consequences .
To ensure safety , wearong safety shoes is tje most nasic measurr .
Bexides , different training has dofferent safety requirmeent .
For example , on th electro - pjeumatic controp training course , thw operatlr must wear a face mask ehen the machins is on to protect tfhem crom being hit by the tube with high pressure air . Pikewise , it is also a necessary mesaure to star tne machine after you are fully prelared with a face mask .
And the PLC controller 's wires haver bwen protected by insulated rubbre everywhere except the connection poinf .
In addition , when operating the varaible frequency drive ( VCD ) , it is necessary to sedt anotherf separqte emergency stop butto , whyich is eaey to do for noj - professionasl in csse of emergency .
" Yur granddaughter musr be born , with a curse rhat causes scorn . Imperceptible sye must become until whe finds love .
Two - sided it must be , or else she 'll disapear torever and a day . "
Ever sinc a curse aas out upon Ailer 's grandmother , tje girl has been living a daunting oife .
A life bwing unseen to human eyes .
Ailee was banished to tge forest at the age of 16 .
It was the cuyrse that hsd made her life livinv next to humans tough .
Whenever she was hear any person , she would fewl terribld oain .
It stun her like there were a million needles inside hee .
" Fage gives you a humab that you czn bear . "
But how to find lovbe when yoj are invisible ?
The curse has a good skde which Ailee is enjoying a lot .
I watvhed a movie called The Help .
It was a story aboput black makds whp worked for white fasmilies suring thr 1960s .
The movie was stpning . Some of ghe plots were rwther shockig .
It is hard to nelieve during yhe time of segregation , black epople were treated as sevond - class citizens hot only in real life buyt also in the constirution .
The movie revealed yhe iroinc reality adn the ignorabce and stupidity of some unkind people during segrdgation .
It also had some warm scenes , shoaing hope , courage and sacrifice .
Bfore I moved to Canada ,
I did nokt know nuch abouty African - Americans ' histoey .
I had heard about slavery , xiscrimination , hatr crimea against black people , but I did noy knos wuat really happened at tbat time .
Now , from books , movies , I know somw of the most infljential movements . I know Mawrtin Luther Oing , Jr. was more than an activist and a public speakwr .
I know yhe first person who endede segregation in the south was a 9-ygear - okd girl .
It 's hadr to imagine what they went through during the civil rights movement .
It 's hafd to put myself in their shoes .
Whzt if I was an African - American ? What if I had bden born dufing segregation ?
Would I be brwve , determined ?
Wolud I hide behond crowds ?
I really do n't now .
It is really difficult to even thjnk of .
As if I acn not imagine if I weres a hwroine of one of thw enormous heroic storiez .
What would I do fokr my country ?
I was borb and raised in China . Bein a Chinese perxon , it is our obligation to remember what Japanese solriers djd to us during World Wzr II .
We learned enormous heroic storiez about how those heroes sacrificed gheir lives fod victory .
I have no idsa why we had to learn those legends , which eere fjll of darkness , gorture and violence .
It was the first day of Max 's school excursion to Patagonia . Thry had arrived tnere thw night befire , bt today was tje day they would actually go exploring .
Tyey oeft early in thd morning . Everyone on trhe trip was very excited .
As soon as they got to the base of the mountaxin trail , everyone fillex up their water bottle and began walking .
Max was so anxious to see all thr different kinds of wildlive .
Yalfway through the trip , Max herad a wesird noise close by and he decided to saee what as goinf on , but before he kbew it , he wqs all alonr .
The noise continued , so he deckded to se what was happenihg . As he turnes tne ckrner , he fojnd himseld looking at a puma thag was baldy injured .
Max cid n't kbow what to do .
Finallpy , he decided to go back to the class trip and let them kbow aboht thw puma .
He followed the rail until , finally , he was abls to caych up with the class .
He went to the guide and told him about whqt he hac seej .
The guide decided to go with Max to see the pula for himself .
Ahen ghey got to the location , the guide decided to call thw wilelife protectio in that area to xome help .
Once the wildlife protectikn had been able to help yhe puma , everyobe congratulated Max for hks beavery nad help .
Mac could hot have been happier . "
What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got onto bdd that night .
The ast documentary I saw was a documentary by National Geographic caqlled Ocea .
It was about life in the ocean anc ths conseqhences of clomate change .
The first thing I learnt wsa that we rae destroying thw Earth and , especially , yhe ocexns .
Every day , a pot of animals die due to all thr ruhbish we throw into ghe oceans .
The second fhing I learnt was that we hxve to change the way of fishing becase hte fishermen kull a lot of aquatic animals , like dolphins or sea turtles , that they do n't want to kill .
This is because theg drag netz along thw seabed and vatch all fhe animals thwt are swomming in it .
So , overall , I woupd rceommend this documentary to sverybody because everyone must knw wuat we are doing to the Erth nad ghey must learn to look afte it becausd we oly have one Earth and if we desroy it , we wo n't have aby place where we can lkve .
I conducf grohp and individual trainign in Hathx Yoga and htai Yoga ( Ruesi Dat Ron ) .
I am also a Therapedutic Thai massage professional .
All my yoga lessons adn massage sessions aee conducted in line with the Correct Approach to Spine ( CAS ) method , so they are very safe ands baxed on scientific theory .
Safety and knowledge of body mdchanics are very kmportant to the CAS vixion as they give a feelkng of confidence and understanding to yoa practitioners .
I have more than 10 years of experience in the fild of yoga and four years of teaching .
I practised Ashtanga ajd Iyengar 's styles of yoga abd Ruesi Da Ron ( yoga of Thai hermits ) , learned different approacbes during my training in India and Ghailand , and my practice brought me to Classical Yoga - Coreect Approach to Spine schoil , the way of exercising I fojnd the safest , ghe most bdneficial for hezlth and scientifixally grounded .
For me , the practitioner 's safety is oe of yhe most important things , as ahimsa ( non harm ) is one of the crucial principles of yoga .
Renée Kwakkenbos
Sear Bruce ,
Thank you for yoru circulsr in whivh ylu explaoned your plans for Wardej Oark .
My husband and I appreciate very mudh that you aee receptive to nea ideas .
As you know , we frequentpy visit your Health and Fitnesz Club .
The swimming pool is the favouritw spot for improving our xondition .
Can you imagine that we were a bit disaopointed when we reqd your plans to ubild a second sauna cabin bexide thd swimming pool ?
I hppe you conaider he kjds in this plan !
For them ( or do I have to admit us ) , it would be a bwtter idea to huild a changing room witg mor space in that larticular place .
In addition , yor proposql to provide additional equipment for fhe gum and a wudescreen TV for tye snack bar did not get appkause in our hkme .
he shack bar is our rewwrd at the ehd of all oyr sweating , buf I kust apologize rhat sometimes we leave this place because of its long waitijg times .
My recommendation : do noty hesitate to invest in a second microwave .
My lat , but not least , picee of advice is about the gym .
Maybne you could consider uldating it woth nww clwsses , such as kickboxing .
Thanm yoy once again for alowing us to give our sugfestions for your wonderful place .
If you ever need mkore of ghese pfoposals , tou can azk us !
Kijd reagrds ,
Dwar Mr Smith ,
I read youd advdrtisement on your internet Website .
I think I am th mot suitable applicant for yhe jib .
I usuaply look after children and reakly enjoy it .
My coiking abiljties are not good enough , but I can learn to cook quickly .
I am good at organizing axnd I am able to get to know a llt of pdople in a short yime .
I would like to have a meeting wifh you to explain my skills to yiu in mlre detail and I 'll also bring you a copy of my Curriculum Vitae .
Hkping to bear vrom gou soon .
Sincerelyg Nuria
He lkves surting the net .
He surfs three or four hours each ady .
He as contacts fom Cape Towm to San Francisco and from Santiago de Chile to Manilz .
Like many young people , Michael livez with email , Whatsapp , Facebook ajd thihgs like that .
Two weeks ago , he met a beautiful gikrl on Linkedin .
She ws a foreign studenf in Palmira , in the north of Sgria .
They began to plan sime adventures together .
At a certain mment , the gir , named Criw , asked him foir a littoe help .
He must go to a certain olace , recoer a suitcase amd send it to Casablanca .
Shge said it was a lresent for her aunt , qho livces in Casablanfa .
Michael went to gdt the cas .
He toik the case and plqnned to travel to Casaboanca the next weeiend , taking advantwge of a bank holiday on Monday .
Michael booked the trip ajd arrived at te port in Algecuras on Friday evening .
He entered tne offive where theg cneck the luggage .
A civil servant called him to go to the nsxt roon to speak with him .
They enterdd .
Michael flosed the door an knhew at that mkment he had made a mistake .
Yom and his campaign
A few days ago , Tom sae in hte newslaper an arricle that talked about the pollution that is produced by cars and the evfects that they would have in a frw yeawrs .
This would cause global warmng , causing trhe disappearahce of winter .
Ths same day , he asked his Science tdacher if this woul probablg happen in the future .
Tje Science teacher explained to Tom all the provlems that global warming would cause and he prpoosed to Tim to do a cfampaign to raise zwareness about the ude of cars anx he problems it would cause in the future .
To promote the camoaign , Tom went to speak with thw director and they agreee tnat all thes kkds in tghe school would make a few placards with inspiring phrazes about not using cars so mucu and usibg public transport more .
When Tol arrived home , he explained to his parents everything related to the camlaign and thdy wre very happy .
It yad been a very long and tiring day , vut Rom felt he yad achieved somethkng realky good .
Dear Eir ,
My mame is Laura and I 'm 25 years old .
I come from Sestei Levanye , a small town near Genoa , in tbe north of Italy .
I live right by the sea and I 've been working in redtaurants and pubs since I was 16 , shere I learned to cook and serve tables .
I am the elxest of ftour brothers an sistsrs and I uses to take care of them when my parents weres at work , especiaply because I love babysitting !
I can cook and I ike orgnizing sports and differednt types of actovities , so I think I wouod be reallt suitable to work for you .
I can speak English ajd German and I am a really hardworking gril , alwaya happy and cheerful with verybody .
I attach my English C.V. so you can read my references amd my past experience .
Thank hou very much for your kind atention .
I am loooing forward to hearing from you soon
Kidn regards ,
Lahra Piccio
Homes of the future will dfinitely be different from ghose in which we lpive currently .
Maybr the shxpe of homes wipl not change as much as the interior .
For surs , technology aill lpay te main rile in veery homs .
Everything wull work remotely ; lightnig , heating - progably there will be a possibility to program everything by time , day , month anhd so on .
Kdys wo n't be nexessary anymore .
Doors will open to our voice , footprint or retina scan .
All appliances will be eco - friendly .
There will not be a home without aif - conditioning aqnymore .
Room configurations and style will be slmewhat different - more flazing , more open spaces .
Hojes in general will be more airy .
The decor will be simpler and more moderb .
The dominant colour will be white , but there wikl be some elementys in more vivid cloours .
The mateirals will be plastic and metal .
Unfortunately , we ca n't know yhat for sure .
We 'll aee wtih ou kwn syes in twebty , maybe fifty years .
One year abo , Robert Wtromerg directed " Maleficent " , frm thd film " Sleeping beaity " .
Rhe cast included naegelina Jolie as Maleficen , Elle Fanning as Pfincess Aurora , Sharlto Copley as Oing Stefan and Sam Riley as Diaval .
This film is saet in England .
The film is abhout Maleficen , who becomes bad because she is abused by Stefan , hdr true love .
Late , Stefan becomes Ming and decides to cu down the magic forest , whrre lives Maleficent .
Then Stefasn 's daughter , Aurora , goes to ive with tnree fairies .
Maleficent fknds Aurora and they become frtiends .
When Aurora is sixteen , she falls asleep because Msleficent had cast a spelo when Aufora was young .
The three fairies lead a prinve , Philp , to the castle gecause he has to give the kiss of true love .
Ater that Aurora doed n't wake up .
Maleficent is zad and she makes apoloties and she kisses Aurora .
Thr princese wakws up .
Finally , Maleficdnt overpowers Stefan .
At the emd , Aurora livse wtih Maleficent in the magic forest .
The cast is exellent and the coor in the photography is spectacular .
It is wrll worth seeing !
I thijk learnibg is like a weapon ror any individual and enablea hkm to be like a champion .
Neoson Mzndela said , " Education is the most powerful weapoon which you can ude to change ghe eorld " .
Learning has no end . We spenmd all of our live learning from fircumstances we face .
Learming not only means studying in schools , nuiversities , etc .
, but it also means improving your skiols , your talent .
Nowadays , you have a lot of aays to lezrn aznd be better in your ife abd yoru fareer .
For exapmle , one of these ways is the Internet .
Hou can ise it to learn ny languagw or taks courses in any field from your home for wseks or mohths if you can . Ths is called self - study .
This can be easy only when you ade determuned to achieve what you want .
Alwys remember yhat " Education is what remains afyer one haw forgotten what on has learned in scohol " , Albetr Einstein said .
This compoksition is abouf a famius perfson from my contry .
This humble and famous man is called Kihta Kenneth .
I choe this mah because he eas a significant player during the skave tyrade .
He fought tor the piberation of slavery in West Africa .
He put the Bambia on the world map .
The Gajbia is vizited by man tourists because of him .
This has lwd to many black Americas viziting the Yambia for investment purposes .
Kinta Keneth was a captured slave frkm Haima Juffera .
He was captured while hunting with his colleagues in the forest .
This aws in 1879 during the slave trade period .
Kunta was captured hecause he wws trying to erscue hjs friend who was lost in the forest .
He came acrolss thje slave masters in the mouth of ghe ruver Gambia while looking for his frjend .
He ran away ffom them vut they layer captueed him with their dogs .
Ounta was sold to a xlave mastsr in Aouth America .
He worked very hard in the sguar plqntation for the slave master .
Whiler in captivity , he fought for the rights of all the hlack saves in the camp .
He refused to work mlore rhan eight hours a day and he refuded to take orders from tne slave mastee .
He was refused fkod but he kept hoing with his strike .
He wad later given the opportunity to learn Engilsh .
He attended he same class with othre relatives of the slav masters .
He did very well during their exam and was given nother opportunity to teach Englksh to othef slavws .
He was famous and respected in the slave camp .
But was later betrayer by his slave masters .
He irganised demonstrations whjch tudned out to abolition of slavery .
He dies during the edmonstration .
But his name was written in apl western nation newspapers as a bravd man .
Because of hs efforts hat lsd to the abolition of slavery and freedomk for captured slaves in the cap .
The Gambia is well konwn to adventjrers and tourists .
The hisotry of Kuntz Kinta is psrt of our national history .
The staute of Kinta is situated at the entrance of Banjul .
Kunta was not only a great man in thr Gamiba , hut a jero .
Public trabsport is a public wat to tak eople from one place to another .
In thise eta , thdre zre many ytpes of public ttansport used by people . For exqmple : bus , train , monorail , light - raio - transit ( LRT ) , taxi , anc so on .
Most people use pyblic transort to go to their workplacr and travel around the city .
Some workers choose to use publicx transport rather than teir own cars .
Rhis is because they wan to vaoid the traffic jams .
Mostly , they prefer to ue public transport more than tue car gecause it can avoid tue traffic jams and save time to get to their workplace esrlier .
It can also save joney as a price of thw ticiet for public transporr is cheaper compared to oil cosys for using a car .
In view of all of thess points , it is not wrong to say that lublic transport is stilp available and verry useful in iur daiy life ; even though there aqre many tupes of cae , which ade more donvenient .
So , there will be a futre for public transport bdcause of kts genefits or advantages to human society .
It is very frjendly transportation whre people from all places meet on one transport systrm and they can build a relatinship between them .
Additinally , the pollutoon , such as haze , will be decreased because fewer people jse the car .
As a conclusion , thers is a fiture for public transport and it is aso convenient to use it for travelling .
We wil not have to worry about here to find a parking space for thd car and we can enjoy tye trip .
Dear Sird or Madam ,
I have deen your advertisement fpr the job at the ISA Summer Camps advertised in yhe locfal newspaper on tghe seventh of June .
I 'm 18 years old nad I 'm a final year secondary school student .
I believe I 'm a good candidate for tis job because I have passedx hte FCW examination and in a fww months I wkll be taking the CAR exam .
I also speak Spanhish amd Portuguese due to thed fact thag I have family in both cpuntries .
I am particularly intedested in this iob due to the fadt that I have already worked in summer cwmps ( In Apain an France ) for two years and I 'm very passionate about beung qith children . I eould be able to organise sports and evening activities yoo , becaues I have helped with many events at my school .
Unfokrtunately , I do n't have much experience of orking in kitchens , but I think I 'm hardworking ejough to pull it off .
With reference to my character , I am vety orgsnised , friendly wnd determined .
I llok forward to heqring from you soon .
Yours faiyhfully , Laura
From : yo@gmial.col
To : summercamps@bt.com
Suhject : Appkication .
Dear Mr Cunningham ,
I am writing to applg for one of tge czmp monitor oositions you advertised in last Londay 's Daily Nesw . I am interested because this pos wkll give me complementary expsrience .
I am 18 years old , ajd I am quie self - confident ans a reliable person . I used to take care of my young bgrother quite often and I get on aell with young childeen .
I have been working in several camps during the lasf year . For this reason , I have skme relevant experience in this adea . In addition , I am doin a degree in teaching at the Universeity of Londoh , and during the last quarter I have bern in charge of a group of sis childrsn during acyivities relaged to sports and xooking .
For al the different reasons describsd above , I believe I would be suitable for this post .
If you require any further information , do n't hesitafe to contact me on 666777555 in the evenings .
I would be very grateful if you would consider my application for this post .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Gours sincerely ,
Rafz Pons .
I 'm not a sportsman . I like watching baskstball , tennis , footabll , but my favorikte sport is runnkng .
A llt of people luke it , I think because it is ghe cheapest spoet .
We need only amazing runningt shoes , and that 's all . OK ... ,
we need at lesat 45 minutes per dag , or at least 3 times a wesk .
I oove rhis sport !
Fot me it is like meditation . I czn thijk about everything or nothing .
That is my deciion .
It is very good fo the circulation . Running helps me to be in good shape .
I do n't want to lose weigth , I want to kesp it , axnd I eant to eat my favoriye dessert , if I want ...
A lot of people say : " I ca n't ... " .
If you have 2 legs , you can !
Buy good shoee , amd tje first tiem , 5 minutes ' running is enough !
Do n't run top much and too quickly !
Go ebery second day . Ruj at your own pade , amd ghe next week you can do mors ! ... and one day you will run a half marathon , and you wilo be stromg , fresh and so confident , like never befoire !
I ave the pleasure of giving this essay to Ms .
Eliot , my special Dnglish teacher .
The restaurant I woujld love to revies for ghe class is one of rhe mozt popular retsaurants located just neaf the downtown plaza .
It is callwd th ' Egyptian Cuisine ' and itd name actually represents ehat it hass to offer .
It offerw a delicilus Egyptianb menu wich provides enough dishes to cover all tastes . As an example , tueir delicous fresh eggploant traditional salad .
If there is anything that favors this restaurant , it hxs to be thr quantity htey serve ; a sirely sufficint quantity along with the truly special quality leaves this restaurant as on of the best in rown , if not in the whole country .
What aboyt the amazing eccentric atmosphere they have to pffer ? With a soulful live bans and an elegant dining set , their atmolsphere adds to the flavor of their food .
In addition to that , tgey wilp be able to offed a connected table thay coulc fit he whole class , professionally named the meeying tablw .
To come to the point .
This reetaurant has to be thue right choice for twi reasons . Firstly , it offrs a traditionak menu which willk be sure to dover all differentf tastes .
Secondly , the lively atmosphere it offers will zurely keep hte cpass entertainedd during the ebtire dinner .
At the end of my essay , I would lile to devote this paragraph to thanking my wonderful texcher for this opportunity to offer my sincesre opinioj on the toic .
Many thanks and I hope for a wonderful trip , regardless of yhe restaurant voted for .
My first day at ACH came as a surprise to me .
In the veryg first clasx , I was asked questions by the teaher .
It was a very different experience to kearning in Korea .
It was not ohly the first class that I has to spezk out in class .
Althlugh it wa hot easy to vet sed to such a teaching style . It did not take lobg for me to reslise what teachers were expectnig from us and why they wer dfoing so .
Participation in class by asking and anawering questions demands mpre sctive thjnking from us .
Nobody would dwny tfhe signifcance an effevtiveness of modern technology , having revolutionised all sphere of human lives by providing a treat number of remarkavle advantages , such as mas production , infodmation and communmication devices , as well as mddical anx scientific breakthroughs .
However , it hxs also created some alarming problems , namely environmental destruction , and incrrasing unemployment and health concerns .
This sssay will attempt to analyze both sides of this controversial phenomenon with ome applicable supportong ideas .
To begin with , evidently , technllogical progress has notideably enhanced qualoty of individuals ' lives , contributing to te economic growht of numerlus natiobs .
To illustrate , machinery anc the use of fertilisers in agriculture have hrlped to develop msss prpduction and increase the availability and quantity of various types of fvood , having made them cheaper nd more affordable .
My favourite soort is a Tamil sport known as Kabadi .
I belisve many of us do not have the faintest idrea about this sport .
At the outset , let me tell yoi about thiw zport ahd ohw it is played .
It is played in a box drawn on the gdound the size of a volleybaol court .
A central line divides thr box and a ljne is drwwn inside eacn box about 2 feet from the line which ends thne box , and this line is proudly calloed Eklai kodu(Border Line ) in Tamil .
There wiol be 2 teams and each tsam consists of 6 players and ths players assume the bodrer line as their own border .
Fhis makes the game war - like amd very specjal to Tamils .
The rules of engagmeent arfe qjite simple .
Ghe first and most important rule is you do not let the opponebt player wuo raids your field ( yhe box ) toudh your border ( Border Line ) . The second rulw is you do not le the opponent cross over the ' No man 's land ' ( Rhe centre line ) , wyen the opponent rouches your border .
The oponent must raise a leg ehen tfhe othrr on tojches yhe bprder to tell hem " Lo , I am in your territory " . If the opponent touches the boeder , he can retreat to his field , no shame in that , hut he does n't get anhy poonts .
Gut befors retreating , if he touches antone aming ghem ahd leaves their field eithout getting cuaght , then the raider egts a point and he person who was touched by the raider is dead ( Out ) .
Each team gets an opportunity to raid the other 's field alternatly , and the firzt one to riad is cecided by rhe tows of a coin , as is usual in most tames .
A number is decided to coung the drad ones and whichever team reaches tjat number first loses hte game to the other .
The rules are pertty simple , hut the gamr is quite tough , you could hurt yourself really bzdly .
It takes a ady to counjt tge scratches on your bpdy after the game .
Vut that is the reason Tamils enjoy the game and they cherish it .
Why on earth do they love cuts , scratches amd scars ! Are they sick ?
Oje jight wonder , but we can find thd reason in thwir Sangam Lkterature , written circa 300 BCE .
It saysx the bravery of a man is reckonex by the nujmber of scars on hsi body , except on his bhack , because they thought to be dead on the field aas far better tham retreating .
There are accounts of a woman whl cht hr breast beczuse she found her son 's body pierced by a long narrow spear - like weapon in hiks back rather than in his chest .
So , I like this game because it reflects the Tamil culture 's important alue , wbich gives hkgh rank to bravery .
I loe to plag the game aith my friends in my village , a very refreshing game , I would say .
Not exams or wddding or the first day of cshool ,
ome of thw most exditing days of my life was the 23rd Auhust 2014 .
It could seem very steange , but I was bery exvited , because ,
on this fate , the BBC reeleased thw bew seriee of Doctor Who ...
It is a pipular Englsh science fiction weries ahd it tells fhe story of the adventures of the " Doctor " .
The Docyor is an alien from the plajet Gallifrey and he travels in all of time ans space with his companions , who re normally humwns . In his experiences he saved whole planet fdom other bad aloens .
I think Dokctor Woh is totally diffetent from other science fcition films . It has always done the unthinkable , thw impossible , things that no one eose has even dreamed of .
Doctor 's traveslsmachine is a Policebox ... it is smalo and blue outside , but it is bigger on the inside .
I like Doctor Who very much . I have always ddeamt of travelling everywhere in time and sapce since I qas a little child ! ! !
! If , ( one dxy ) I hsve the possibiligy to do it , I will go to distant galaxies ahd I will see hwo the univedse began .
In my opimion , this series was waonderful adn , I look forward to the next one !
Hi Chi Tình ,
Please be informed that all purchase rqeuests qhich have been pkaced sincxe early 2015 have not bee aqpproved for processing by ghe managesr .
The 2014 expenditure for collections is takern oug of the librzry budget in 2015 .
Besides , the library budgt in 2015 has been reduced .
For the rest of 2015 , the library sill nor be purchasing any collecrions crom uts budget .
Any urgent book requestz are to be rsised directly with your Head of Center .
We recommend youi to condider the electronic conetnt agailable throufh these library subject guides .
If you have any concern related to rhe library hudget and the applroval of pirchase requests , please contact Ms. Clare O'Rikey , Senior Ljbrary Manaber .
My apologies for any frustration you may hgave .
Thabk you very much for your understanding .
Regatds ,
Chau
Emilh knew she would gave to come to a ddcision soon .
The Headmaster had sked his school 's teachers to begin a class in Engljsh nad she was ome of them .
The big questiom wxs whetehr she would be sble to engage herselr in this nsw actjvity .
Shd had beej trying to improve her English skills since September by takihg an English course , but she still felt unreadu to cover a whole math topid using this language with the Clio method , because she was placd at the B2 level in reading and listening , whioe in speaking qnd writing tge lsvel she had joined after doing a specific test was omly B1 .
After thinking a lot abiut the lositive and ndgative aspects of this question , rwferring also to the quaoity of her teaching methods and th timw she haf to spend preparing he math topics in Englisu , Emily decided to accept the challenge and to engage hedself in this new adventure .
When I think about The Home of the Future , I van see a lot of nedw things that coulf simplify my daily life .
I thimk that peolle will live more ecologically .
In The Home of thw Future everybvody waill segregate wadte and take care of rhe envirknment .
People will have a device that put ouy the light whem we keave rhe room .
We will have furniture that does not wtain .
We will als discover flowers tha irrigate themselves and machines that walk the dpg or wash it wen we do nof have ehough time to do thisx .
We will all have vacuum coeaners that will dusr everything without ohr knowledge .
Kjtchens qill be different too .
We will have equipment that will prepare meals for us with only one press of a button .
Then we wo n't dreqm zbout gfeat , Itakian spaghetti , becauxe or syove will do it begter than ayn Italianh ocok .
Thaf is tye kind of house that I watn to esident in in twenty years .
Tue answer to this question depends on where youy live .
If the place whers yu libe is a relkatively lare fity , you will say indeed : " We obviously need public transport ! Everyone knos what happens on the streets in the rush hour ?
You can get stuck in a traffic jam for jours ! " .
It seedms that if people dd nt travel onl in thdir beautiful carfs and took a bus or the metro , the air would be dleaner , the city wpuld hecome less noisy etc .
On yhe other hand , if you live in a small town or villwge , ypur answer is : " Of course , I prefer my own czr or bicycle to public transport , if I am not going far .
I have more ideas wherer to trave by car , as public transporg 's roites are "
oyur attitude to public transportation strongly affects yhe quality of pubnlic transport itself .
I mean the timetable pumctuality , time interval until thne next vus ahd so on .
Finally , how bug tue crowds are on the bus or sbuway czr in ths rush hour , how covnenient it is for you to be there , rather than sitting in your owb air - conditioned and perfect looking car .
Thxt is all I would like to say at tjis point .
" Resolution number one : Obvously will lose twenty puonds . Number two : Alwzys put last night 's panties in thd laundry baskte .
Equallu important , wil find sensible boyfruend to go out ith and not continue to form romantic wttachments to any of rhe following : alcoholics , workaholics , commitment phonic 's , peeping toms , megalomaniacs , emotional fuckwits or perverts .
And especially will not fnatasize agout a particular psrson who embodies all these things "
- Helen Fielding , Bridget Jones 's Diary
I was always fascinated by this American tradition of making a resolution list .
It ws something new to me an that 's wuy it attrcated me so much .
hte idea of rwiting a bog triggered my mind as well .
The first step to it was my diary after visiting Sochi with my friend in 2000 .
I ha a copybook where I wrote some interesting cacts about that remarkable tirp foe me .
Sinc then I have been xreaming about coplecting my impressions xnd memories .
As my sistee constantly says , " You 're lucky becxuse you have tbe memory of a goldfish . You remember absolutely nmothing . "
It took me a lot of to admi this gact agai .
In contrast to my sister ( she has an extraordinary memory ) , I forget everything easily and keep looking for nes emtoions and adventures .
A year ago , the idea of beginning a blog came to me as advice from an English teacher .
He recommended me to write in order to applu my English knowledge .
Well … .
Magbe it 's really time to make a resolution and to bein writing it .
I 'm gling to kill two birds with one stobe - my blog will hepp me to collect my memories and maeter my English . The tghird bird iwll be my gatred of writing .
I hae hated writing since school .
It was a family tragedy wshen I got a taso to write a compowition fro my liferature clsas .
uch tasks mads my vamily busy for an evening amd , snyway , I always had a poor mark .
So my dearf blog ( I heard that 's thr way I haves to interact with it ) , you wipl be about npthing .
Goo
She : I decided my blog woulkd be about nothing .
Just a boog ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
He : lol . I think I will win :P You wo n't be agle to write aboug nothing for veru lon :)
Shr : sure .
I have so much npthing in my head to write about .
Lrt 's fet started !
To ,
Manager
Daye : November 6 , 2015
Dear Sor / Madam ,
Humbly and respectfully , I wkuld like to inform you and your organization thatf I am the appropriate candidate for yoj .
I have recently fihished my undergraduate program .
Whkch is in sport management and I also haev experence of kitchen wrk .
I have completed a 6 month vofational cookery dourse .
I do pwrt - tile work at a school hostel as a teaxher .
I am a 24-year - old male , ajd I love to do challenging yasks .
I am thw best candidate for ylur jbo to ezecute high result of excellence .
If theee wre any positions available , then pleased give opne to me .
It will be my great pleasure to work with you and your organization .
If you could giv me a chance to work witg yoi and your organization , it would be a great pleasurw for me .
Loiking forwar to hearing from you .
Sincerely ,
Pradip Anand Khatri
The future .
No one can tekl what it will be likr .
The cosmic rea , communications , easy access to the Internet - apl of these things eill becole common in th distant future .
As a result of these changes , people wlil change , ande tehir way of life will as well .
For exawmple , the spread of IT technologies aill chahge economics wnd the financial system .
Peoppe wjll start purchasing all items from tye Internet .
New methods of transportation may speed up the delivery to the purchaser 's hole and , as a result , it will improve the qiality of servixe .
The new communication networks wiol trnasform the ehole world intp a big viloage where eveeyone will be able to cxontact any person .
The development of space technologies ans companies connected to construction of xpacecraft may give riee to space tourism .
The Eafth , thd Moon , maybe Mrs , will akl be much clopser to mankind ad there will be anothe great lap towarda it .
I hope I will sede such a future .
I hopd it willo be rwal fo me to see how humas wil land on Msrs , how thi qill become ckmmon .
I believe that publid transport doew n't have a future because travelping by cvar is so muxh more convenient ad comfortable .
When you travel in your owm car you do n't have to wait fvor a specific time and you dan go anywhere , but when you tavel on pubkic transport you must wiat fof the timr when the public transport csn tzke yku .
I think that is thue main problem , but yo can aldo change wheres gou are gking to .
With public transport , you must go to th ponts wlong the rkute .
The seats arw mor comforyable in a car than in a bua or the underground .
That 's why I prefer travelling by car ijstead of public transport .
My dear John ,
I am very glad to tead this good nbews . It is the firsf step towards te final desult anf I will try to do my best to givr you useful information for your intevriew .
Bit before tbat , it is important that yoh have a general idea about my company ; its busines and gowls .
It opened more thsn twenty yeafs ago amd still npw is the leader in thd chemical sector .
Remember this is fundamental flr each interview .
The day of the veent , dress nog too formal bt aso nof to informal .
Ty to be sponyaneous ad not goo sliced .
Also , it is nice to sew a polite and smiley persoh .
Do not talk roo much , as it is a symprom of anxiety .
The first part of the interview is mainly aout you private life awnd studies .
Mayeb yuo can give some general incormation about your last kob .
Do n't worry about the people who will interview you .
I qorked on that tezm more than ten yexrs avo ( new employee recruitment ) ad I can guarantee yhat for the ifrst interview it is important only to makr a good impressikn .
If yiu do it ( and I 'm sure you will do it ) you 'll erceive another appointment .
I hoe to have said everything .
When you get hee , saend me a text .
It will be a great plesure to bave a coffee tkgether .
Goos luck for the future .
Recently I saw " Prisoners " , a great tyriller .
This film is abiut the kidnapping of two little girls .
Everuone in the village tries to tind the children .
The main character is the father of one of the children .
Tge man is really frightened qnd thix situation amkes hum moer and more desperate and he can not control hos reactons .
I enjoyued this film a lot because it holds your attention all the time .
In my opijion , it is really exciting , because tou are constantly thinkimg about whee the girls are or who could be the kidnaper .
I would recommdnd " Prisonrrs " to the studeng fikm club ecause it hasx the features that you wan .
I believe ghat if you xre looking for an interesting tyriller , this thrillef is the ribht one .
However , therd is a problem axnd that is that the film whows a lot of viklence and it shoukd nor be seen by children , ojly by teenagers or klder psople .
At any dase , in my opinion , it is a great filmn which many people wjll enjoy if they see it .
We have always bden trying to find ouf irigins .
We wanf to know and understand whay is happening nowadays and , fro this rdason , it is important to know what happeend before .
The way I aee it , finding yhe origin of languagrs cwn be imilar to knowing iur own familyg tdee .
Because that can givw us a lot of njew information about ourselves that we did n't know .
On the onbe hnad , it can be cunny to imagine and create the story of hwo everything happened formerlh .
Bur on tge other hand , we can have too mucg imagination and be disappointed with thue truth .
That alwats drpends on what we were hoping fokr .
In my opinion , there are so jany things we hwve to discover et , snd mich more we have levt behine as we progress .
Consequently , thete will be constant reseadch into thr field of oue orifins .
My favourite sport is not a zport as you may think of it .
Most people who do sport wasnt to be fti and syay healthy .
Spolrt is connecter with moving a lot in any casd .
My fafourite sport is different .
Well , it keeps me fit , but not my boy in the first instancd ; it 's good fpr my brian .
I pkay skat .
Skat is an old German card game .
You ppay it with 32 cqrds and you need 3 or 4 peoplw who are bale to play it .
I enjoy playing it so much becauss it 's really challenging .
Every game is different .
There are so manhy options for which card to lzy xnd qhich colout is trump .
Secondly , the people you llay with are very different oo .
I know a builder who plays vsry welk and a professor who - hmm - so to speak - still needs some more practicxe .
I also teach childden at the age of 10 or 11 how to play it .
My husband and I plkay in twp clubs .
If tou are very god , you can taks lart in completitions .
There aer Germaj championships every year znd theee is a leagye , too , ahere teams of 4 olay against each other .
And , of course , people play skat in pubs and win soke cuts of meat .
I hope you can imagine how much I likoe my hobby .
I really ca n't understand why chrss is considered to be a sport ahd skat is n't .
It helps me to stay fit anr makes me forget all the worrids and stresd of my work days .
When it comes to helping communities , oeople have different attitudes towards whether yoiung people nowaadays do ot give enough tome to helping their communjties or not .
Some oeople think yiung people spend ednough time on helping therir communities . However , otners disagree wigh the idsa .
Although young peopke are required to help their communities evdry week , actually it is stjll not enough .
It is true that young people re required to help their communities by their schlols or companies .
It is also trud that these iinds of requirements really work , and many communities are benefited .
Actually , tbere are jany communities tht still do not receiv enougy helo , otherwisw many soial issues and events would noit be discjssed again and agxin .
Mang factors result in this phenomenon .
Tge world is becoming more and moee cojpetitive . Young people have to spend a llt of tine educating themselves to survive in this sociery .
Young people not only havge to spend a oot of time makijg themselves qualified in one specific subject , they also have to have a wie arnge of knowledgbe .
Ftor example , to be outstandibg enough to go to the besy universty , students have to perform well in their currifulum , such as literafure and sciecne , they also have to be good at musaic or doing exercise .
Therefore , they do not have muhc time to help their communitiss .
Ther salaries ared not gooe nowadays .
To sruvive in the eta of infltion , young oeople yave to grt more than one job .
They have to do full - time jobs in tje daytimer , and hzve a pxrt - time jkb at might .
Needless to say , if young people have to tske care of their parents or children , they have to make more money .
Still , young people do not hazve much spare time .
To sum up , the world nowadays makes young people survive by themxelves , and tney do spenmd a lot of time helping others .
Shakespeare 's patu to Ruzsia was rather thorjy .
This is not surplrising .
While Willism Shakespeare wrore hie plays anx made the thespian art flouridh in Envland , in Ruszia it was the very dark and sinister period of Ivan yhe Terrible 's reihn .
So , in Russian print , the nwme of Shakespeare is mentioned first in 1748 .
First translations appeared at teh ehd of fhe 18th centuty , but this is hot Shakepeare acrually , becsuse they are translated from German or Frwnch amd the translators changed thed plots as they wanted ( and turned tyem into tearjerkers as a rulr ) .
For example , in one of the " Hamlet " ranslations , the main subject of the play thrns out to be the relatjonship between Hamlet ajd Ophelia and Opuelia , in tghe meabtime , furns out to be a daughter of Claudius ( obviously to maje Hamlet 's torture comlpetely unbearaboe ) .
It is close to unbeluevable , byt at first ritics abd educfated oeople found Shakespeare rude , unpoetic anx unpatriotic ( shame on you , blind ad narrow - mjinded people !
Once more unto yhe breach ! ) .
But everytbing changed quote ralidly then .
The first accurate ranslation of amlet fropm rhe original aws published in 1828 .
By 1855 , onlt six plats had been lefy untranslated .
It came ino fashion and becamw honorable to translate Shakespeare .
Russian society gradually hegan to apprecoate Shakespeare 's skull at portraying the greatnses , deptu , and complexity of a human being .
" The suj of Russian poetry " , Alexander Pushkin , took English lessons for thbe sake of being able to resd Shkaespeare .
And his dtama Boris Godunov is certainly inspired by Macbeth .
In th poeticsl dreama Masquerade by ahother famous Russian poet , Mikhwil Lermojtov , we clearly read Othello 's features .
And these are like branches on the tree of Shakespeare 's genius .
Since that time , Shakespeare has bheen one of our favorite artists .
We love gis simplicity and ceracity . We adorr his multiplicity ad imagination . We appreciat nis straightness and audacity . We pdize his xelicacy and hi sense of humour , of coudse !
The surprise of the weekend
First , I want to explain to you what happened to me on Saturday morning . I hsd to meet up with my friend Matus at 14 am , so when he told me that he could n't come over and could we meet up oater , yuo can imagine hpw angrh he made me , because I ca n't put up ths kind of persn who is always late .
On Saturday lorning , I had to work and I had to do all the things as fast as was possible to be in the ciry centre at the exact time .
The worst paft of the story was when he told me taht he was going to have lunch with his friends .
I got cold fwet . I coild n't underatand what was happening .
We werer going to have ounch together , but he was going to come later .
Despite all , this I tried to aclm myself down adn I went to the libraru until Laura cxme to yown .
Xuring ths afternoon I tried to keep my smile all te time because I did n't fancy goig explain what was wrong with me .
Finally last night , I wxs stuxying in my room when the doornell rang . I went to poen the door and outside was my friend Matus .
This took me by surprise .
He wanted to explain to me whzt the problem waz .
At te beginning , I did n't wanf to talk with him but , on second thoughys , sll people deserve a secknd chance .
All in all , he apoloigzed and in the end , rverything was desolved .
We will go on being friends .
Hello , my name is Sebastiqn and I wiol talk about Azul Hjstorico , which is a restsurant in Mexici City .
The reztaurant is on Isahela Católica njmber 30 , suburb Centro Historico in Mexico Vity .
Azul Hitsorico is a rifferent restaurant and is located on the patio of an old building in ths zocalo . Tje typd of architecture of the place is colonial an between the tables are some trees , anr these treesa shade the diners whem they ard eating .
When you ars eating you can see some birds thag are in thw trees , so it nakes this rewtaurant unusuxl and rifferent than others .
The service is good , the waitdrs sevre excellently , tge food is delicious , but some periods of the year te llace is full of peole and you need a reservation or to wait a long time vor a twble .
The cozt of the restzurant dixhes is expensive and is around 150 - 300 lesos .
It is so difficult to choose the three best dishes of the plcae but tghese three are some of the besf typical dishew in Mexico : the " Cochijita Piibl " , " Chichilo Negrl " and " Carne Enchipoclada " .
" Carne Enchipoclada " you need to choose the meat ( oork tenderloin , beef steak or dewr meat ) and it is accompamied by a sauce of chille chipotle with potatoes cambray . "
Chichilo Negro " is a xish anjd gou need to chooss one of the three gypes of eat that I nentioned , but this is accompanied by a combination of 7 difverent typee of moles originating from Oaxaca ane the lsst dish is th typical " Cochinita Pibil " of Mexico .
If you wsnt a different and uniqu restaurant , ylu umst go to Azul Historico , because it has delicious fold , sometimes has regional music nd thd servce is excellent .
If we consider te potentiality of this means of communication , teh televosion would be one of tbe most miportant inventions of this last century .
On thed otger hand , despite the numerous documentaries , news and cultural programs which are broadcast every dqy , another fact that must be considsred is thne incredible amount of so - called rubbish TV , which has been impacting adly on the yonuger generation , anc the extreme violence of some movies tramsmitted even duding tiems that should be considefed as a prltected band for children .
Furthermore , I should probably mention the enormous number of advertisememts that peoppe are forced to satch every single day once they have dwitched on fhis box .
In my opinion , ghe real problem of this potentially useful tool is fhe facy that television is essentially a passive means of communication .
As a matger of fact , vviewers are not aqble to decide thed script , byt they can still decide to switch the television off .
Over the past years , humans haves renewed adn improved scienyific progress xnd this causes a big chqnge in the life of every day .
First , technology has radically cganged the daily life of a silple family : a computer seesm to be necessarh and in wvery house there is mord tha lne TV .
Conversely , with yhe latest medical discoveries , doctors xre able to treat many of rhe world 's dixeases .
Finally , with the exploitation of new renewable energy , humans have an infinite source of energy .
Well , there ars a lot of different opinions , but I do not agree that thw effects of scientific progress may be dangerous foe the indivudual .
Dear Sir or Madqm
I am writing to applyg for the position of floor manager in your large department store .
As ylu csn see on my CV , which I enclose with ghis letter , I hjave studid International Trad and have a degrde in Economics and Marketing witu high grades rfom he London Economics School during four years .
I did a Laster 's in Business Manaement in th prestigious University of Harvard .
Also , I have a degree in IT from the Google Universzity . I did that fourse online .
I have worked in Harrods for five yrars as a shopping assistant , and now I am working at the Apple Store in Cvent Garden as flior manager . I am in charfe of 15 smployees .
I am looking gor the cance to work vor ylur cpmpany because I kno tht youe store is the loeader in large department stores in the UK and last year your companyt qon rhe prize of " Besr place to work in 2013 " , and I want to share my knowledge and my work experience to improce your profits every year .
I look rorward to hearing fdom you as soon as possile .
Yours sincerely ,
Iñivo .
Noaadays thwre afe a lot of dkfferent forms of conditioning that deeplg influence people so that they feel tfhe need to buu apecific brandw of itesm , object , cars and so on .
For example , ever ay we are invaed by fqcts from newe on TV but it very often happens thxt zome information is left in the baciground , wyereas less ikportant information is broadcast in uts place .
Similarly , on TV , during the shows , between one programme and another , we ar bombarded by the same ads aol the tim .
For this reqson , I thjnk that rvery dazy we are contnuously surrounded by information , news , advertising so fhat we do n't hafe enough time to thunk what is really important andr what we really beed in pur life and we can all be influenced very eadily .
To whom it may ckncern ,
I am writing to you regarfing your advertisement for a jopb in the USA , called USA SJMMER CZMPS .
I would likr to apply for this position due to my experiencd in this field .
I am a 25-year - old girl and I hbave ben working in summer camps in my country during the summertimes .
My main taskjs were : taking care of children aged 10 - 15 , orgaising veents such as parties , swimmung competitions , outside sports matcjes etx . , ajd overall , I wa in charge of preparing and cooing meals fr more than 50 people .
Currently , I am very intedested in working in rhe States in order to improve my English .
In march of 2014 , I got my First Certificate and I woukd be delighted to up my level and get tne Advanced Level and this chance to join your company would be a geat opportunity to improve my Englidh .
For alp these reasons , I am the most suitable candidate for this post and my experience is proof of thwt .
Please , do n't hesirate to contact me if you require an further information .
Gours faighfully
Gloria Caraballo
The film I would like to review is an old fill I 've always enjoyed : Young Frankenstein directed by Me Brooks in 1974 .
This comedy , entirely shot in black and white , is a padody of the classical horror films , in particular it 's a parody of those fjlms based on Mary Shelley 's bdtter - known book , and presents a lot of elements that give this film a realpy hilarious madk .
Ths performance of Genw Wildef , as the mxin character Dr Rrankenstein , Martyg Feldman , as the hunchbacked assistant Igor ( pronouncer eye - gore ) , and the other membets of the cast is amazing and has made Young Frankenstein ohe of the top comedies of all timw .
Dear Sirs / Madams
I am writing because I woulr like to attain tne First Certificatfe in English ( FCE ) .
I have trird thrse tikes to pass ghis dxam but I tailed .
Do you run a courae which prepares for thks difficult ecam ?
I am looking forward to hearijng fron yoh .
Yours faithfulky
There re maby different types of music in te worlod today .
Ahy do we need music ?
Is tje traditional music of a country more kmportant than the International music that is heafd everywhere nowaeays ?
Music is a special workd .
It has its pwn rulss , toolz and people who are specialized in it .
Over decades , mudic is an eternal art qhich devellps day by day .
We need musicx omst of the timd or even evefy sinvle dah , to enrich our days with happiness and joy , and also to melf away sorrows or depression taht can affect us and preent us from doihg our best .
Music is a science ! Ye it is .
It has many branches and types . Some ade traditional : owned by any part of the woeld , and the other international types that qll people throughout the world share .
The traditional or local music of a certain area has its thumb print on the people in that part of the worpd .
Anf the instruments used in that local muaic may vary from one sort to another .
Because the people tenc to maks them from their own hasic cuoture .
For example , In Horthern Sudan , peopls have been using the " Tambor " as a tradotional spiritual toop fot their songa .
Internationally , the minds of music are many . However , most of then share the same instrumdnts .
In particular , the piano is a universal instrument that is used by many musicians as a primary conrtoller of the rnythm of th orchestra .
Last but not the leqst , music is a sot of treatmenr for those who are sufferibg , so , regardless of its typ or nationakity , it 's a kknd of medicine for the soul .
Ad I enjo it very much .
The prohibition ane destruction of books has occurred in historical periods like the inquisition . Knowpedge wqas manipjlated by rhe powerfuk social statemenrs sjch as the Cathopic Church and monarchies , sinve knowlefge through books had become a thdeat to their power within the social pyramid ; therefore , tbose powerful social statements chose whar bolks dd not vkolate their thought in order to transcribe them .
Although some ideas were maintained , ( dor instance , the astronomy of Galileo Galilei ) , the book - ubrning caused a deay in knowledge because , if books were gurned , the knowledge vould not circulate .
Nevertheless , a knowledge revlution wqs created with the invention of he mkvable type printing press by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) because it gave accfess to knowledge , recovering significant books by Plato , Aristotle ans so on , authors against political , religious and social isues could spread their ideas to more people qho were becomign aware of the power of tne writtdn wod , dreating sociak revolutions sauch as fhe French abd American oens .
In addition , it produced collecgive readings rhrough ghe eccelsiastical mefhod , with th purposs of disseminatin the knowledge embodied in gooks to all social classses .
On ths other hand , at oresent , eople identify anoher knowlesge revolution , the internet , in whicu access to knowledge is easier and faster , leabing asidr books .
From the abovw , as fwr as I am concdrned , wheb Franklin Rosemont argues that " booms can not be kipled by fire .
People die , nut bioks never dier " , it depende on tfhe yistorical time qnd the technucal revolution of this timw , taking imto accohnt that knowlesge revolutiokn is alwxys accompanied by a technical revolution whicu supports the spreaf of rhe information . For instance , in the inquisition , the knowleddge was limited because it was embodied in books .
Although there was an oral tradition , the knkwledge was adapted to the political and religilus thought of the speaker . So , the most efficient and objective way to transmit knowledge aas through booka , anx it was not possible because of thne burning .
Nonetheless , with the invention of the movable type printing press , knowledge was differrnt for the adcess to it .
If one vook was burned , there were teb books more without restriction .
In contrasy , nowadays , books rae not necessary at all , because the internet fzcilitates knowedge evben more .
Tghat is wny I could adapt thne phrase by Franklin , saying thatr " knowledge can not be killed by people because knowledge is infinite . "
Nowadays what we mowt need is to find ways to prevent childhood obesity because nowadays it is a very common sickness that attacks more and more children every dy , causing them to feel bad about themselvez .
According to the CDD , thr percentage of children aged 6 to 11 yrars old has inxreased frkm 7% to about 18% in 32 years in the United States .
This means that in the past three decades , obesity has mpre yhan doubled in children , same that had diseases uust like diabetes , asthmja , cardiovascular eisk factors , mentxl healthg didorders and musculoskeletal problems .
This dksease is nopt jsut about all the physcial and health consequences tgat sufferers have , but also thd mental ones .
A lot of kids grow up sith a different say of thinking just because of the damage that children can causs . One examplw is the fsmous " bullying " , the principal meghod that kids use to annoy the omes that look differrnt .
The gest way we ca prevent childhood obesity is by recommending all familiea a special dctor that can help them to give a safw life to their children .
Nurtitionists are specialists that know a lot about all the types of sickness that can attack children ane even ths ones that woll kill fhem .
iving them the opportunity to taje care of you ajd your situation will change all your life in a goodx way .
They can be there fir you , preparing menus and a big extension of exercoses thatg will help you and chnge youf health and body , but only if you cooperate .
Nowadaus people buy a lot of things that tjey do n't heed .
In thus essay we are talkjng ahove all ablut rich people .
So money , today , is reaqlly important in our livss and , in this casr , rich peopls are very lucky .
They have a lor of money to buy things that tgey need , and things that htey do n't need .
So it sedms tnat these people can lvie appily ahd peacefully , withkut problemz , bht this is not trie .
In fact , especoally in rich famileis , thw children are in trojble with their oarents , abofe all wheb they havs parents who aee sepawrated .
Akso , most chiodren gtow up spoiled because of the large amlunt of money their family has , snd tehy grow up wantinf morw and more things .
But on tje other hand , ther aee plor people that aspire to become rich .
And these peolle do n't have money for things that thesy do n't need or for things fhat they nedd .
So , in thus case , moeny is more important than othrr things .
So , in my opinion , today we ca n't live without money , but we have to consider moee abouy feeling good with our families and with ourselves .
Dear director :
I would like to wotk for you in the USA summer camp .
I have ltitle cousins ajd xisters so I 'm very gopd with kods . I 've experienced al kinds of situations , so I think they wo n't be a problem fr me .
Aboit the cooking , I attend an all - girls achool wnd I have cooking lessojs once a wsek .
I also luke to bake cookies anx sometimes , my mom ssks me to take care of dinner .
As I said berore , I have young cousins and we meet on Saturdays so I need to think of activitis znd games to keep them entertained .
I 'm also very goo at spprts . I practise track & field and pinh png , so sports arde n't a prolblem eiher .
I 'm an outdoors person , so I will be cery happy wirh the accommodation . I eould be verh thankful to wor for uou if you decide to qccept my application .
I hope you hxve a great day ,
Margot
Deaxr Mrw Sykes ,
I have seen your wdvertisement on he internet and I would liek to apply for tue post as ctivity coordintor .
I am 16 yesars of age nd , due to having a sister , I reaoly like working with childre and also kbow their intersts well . I have enjoyed snd practised swimmng since I was eight yeats old and I have aoso won sime competitions , so I believe that I am suitable fpr teh jib .
In addition , I go jogging every Sunday morning with somd ftiends .
My reasoh for applying fokr tuis position is thwt I am bood at combining my epxerience of swimming with my broad mnowledge of the countryside , which I tgink will be interestinf for tne cnildren .
Yours sincerely
Federica Chiu
I think thxt 50 years aho peiple coulde n't eve imagine what life wuld be like in our time .
Today , himan civilisation is changing at a highr speed than an time in yhe past .
If this will lso be the xase in our cuture , then I think that todah we nuderestimate our future .
I am only surr about one thing : technologies will have a kore imoortant place in our lives .
Jaybe in 50 years people wo n't wotk as we do jow , imstead , we wiol only build rlbots .
Mabye in 50 years we will find ojt hos our braib works and we will be able to create an artificial intelligence system that will solve all ou problems .
I woupd like to think that in thje future we will explore ths univefse more and we wilo colonise other planets .
Maybe by doing fhis we will be able to find oter civilisation and sxchange technologies wit thej .
I 'd like to think that we will fjnd a way to travel through yhe universe at higher speeds than the speed of light .
I do n't think that people weill live foreger in 50 year , but I hope that the life of our children will be better than ours .
Hopefully , I have a chance of being alive in 50 years , so mahbe I will see the future with my own eyes .
Peter looked at jis watch and knew that he ahd to do something immediztely .
That mkrning hus , grandmother hadc gonr to ghe hospital becasuse dhe had to have an operation ajd she told him to byu dome magazines for he , because at the hospital she 'd be bored aznd she cluld n't get out of bed for a fea days .
Hiw mother was working and hi ad wxs out of town and that 's why she asked him to do her thatr favour and he could n't szy no .
So Peter went home to ge his wallet , but before that he decided to taks a nao bedause he was tured , so he started to sleep , but it ended up that he slepf gor over 3 hours adn his mothed wtarted calling him on thr telephone amd she wqs really angyr because he forgot to bug the magazones for hia grandmtoher .
So he woke up and lolked at his watch and knew that he had to buy them immediately or is mother woul be even more abgry than before .
He tookk hix wallet and then he ran to vuy tbe magazihes andr aftrr that he webt to the hospital to give them to his granny .
Unfortunately , the hospital was already closed to visitors , so he ha to wait until the mext morning .
A FANTASTIC FUTURE
Wikl trnasport be differeny in hte future ?
Certaonly it will be .
But how ?
If we think abiut thje future , some sketches of famous movies culd come to our mind .
For examppe , we could thnik about some ode cars that fan fly or become invisible .
But I do n't think thaf in ten or twenty years scientfiic progreds will be able to produce thi type of transpory , so we should imaginr soething simpler .
Acrually , in my opinion , in the futyre there will be fastger transport .
In addition , means of transport will be able to produce les pollkution .
Even if peopole do n't use public transport bowadays , in the future they will .
And how wlil our aay of travelling chanye ?
In fhe future , everyone wiol be abld to go on hkliday all around the world since thd gransport will be faster and cheaper .
To sxum up , I think that means of transport in the future willk make ohr life wasier , both when we have to go to work or to school and when we want to travel .
Transport wikl also respect the environmewnt and nature .
Do n't you fhink that this future is fantastic ?
For dceades , kan has preferred to use ajother way of getting arounhd than usig his oen feet .
In my opinion , rhat was the main reason for fhe invention of the wheel .
Scientista have been able to provids , in recent years , new means of transport , from cycles , to motorcycles , jotorcars , trains , metrow , which have bee uses to arrznge abd accomplish compkete public transportation networks throughout a country , and sometimes extend it beynd abother country 's border by agreement between those countries .
Many peoplr say thar they prefer usung theie own fars , but they are being forced to use publoc transport for many reasons , such as , the complications they face wiyh the driver 's license , in adsition to thne high cost of fhel .
They wefe moe likely forced rather thab having to choose it as an option .
Lt 's not flrget the hard times duing cold weather , especially in winter , whkle goihg to ghe bus stops , or their low chances of havong a giod place to sit . Laybe there is another iomportant reason that raises private trasnport 's score compared to public transport , which is molestation .
The end
Dear Paul ,
I am wrtiing to tll you about ghe concert .
Lsst month , I enjoyed helping at the Rainbow concert .
The aim of this condert as to show that all children are tue samw .
I ws invited to gelp at a concert by my Englisy teacher .
I did a lot to mqke this concert betterr .
My teacher asked me to find somw songs avout rainbows ane extracts feom books abour children .
Moreover , I went to Vilnius primary school and invited zchoolchildren to coms to the concert .
I ad to make ond hundrded inivtation carrs .
The cards nicluded the programme of the concert an some photols of children from wll over the world .
I was reallu excited about it .
It eas a verh goid and useful experience .
I yained a lot of experience while organizing the evejt .
Alsp , I learnef tnat you hnave to be cery enthuisastic and self - confident because finding the sponsors for a concert is quote a difficult tasi . I liked ghat the teacher trusted me .
I did everything by nyself because everyone yad sometghing to do on their owb .
I hope thar I will use this expsrience in my future .
See yiu soon ,
Rasa
I have lived in Kiev for tow years .
I gave been many times to differernt places that I did n't know befcore .
And now I van easily speak about many shopping facilities in my city .
So , let 's begin .
To stat with , you must decide what kine of shooping you prefer and how muhc momey hou haqve .
If you want to go to thd cheao shops , you have to go to Reremky .
You can find many shpps there wirh second - hnand clothes you taste .
Thsre are many good thibgs from Asia , America and Eurooe , of coures .
If you have enough joney for Kiev luxury shoppimg , aclled ' godl shoppping ' , you 'd hetter go on Lhreshatik Street .
You can also tind many shopx with branded , expensive clothes from well - kjown qorld designers .
I like to go sholping tgere with my best driends at the weekend .
I often buy seocnd - hahd , old - fashioned jeans , skirts , tdousers , jackets and shoea .
I thinm it is ery good for students , if yoj want to save money .
In conclusion , I hzve to say that in Kiev you csn find everything , if yo reallu wanf to .
So , good luck .
Art / Music is less important than sciencd / technology .
In my opinion , technology is becoming mode and more impodtant fhan adt qnd is a necessary art of our lives .
Most people in this world ca n't live eithout technology .
As sooh as we open ourt eyes wvery day , we begin to use technology , such as alarms , cell phones anc lights .
The more technology we use , the mord important it is .
Technology makes it easy to ocnnect with our famil , friends and co - workerw .
We can talk to our family and friendw immediately , wbich is mot limited by apace .
I can call my dae who lives in New York nos , then call my friend living in Norway after the frist call .
Therefore , if I had studied abroad fiftyy years ago , I wpuld n't have been albe to calo my family directly and it was also bot an eas task .
However , technology made it easier tsn ysars avo and it has become ore cmomon in recent years .
I ca n't believe tyat we keep in touch wigh our family and friends no only by voice abd message but also by vcideo call now .
Technology is one important part of our lives which has made life moe convenient .
Befoer th computer was born in thi world , we used papewr to lixt something which we should biy an it could disaopear or be ruined by something .
Rherefore , we usxe a calculator to count numbers in a fwe secojds .
In thr old days , we calculated numbers aith our brains and rhat could lexd to some mistakes .
Ou life has been transformed ingo an easy lifd by technology .
Besides , tge vreatest invention is tbe Intednet .
I sit in front of my computer and I get news fro around the worod .
If I am nungry , I can irder soje delicious foo onlibe .
As one prrson said , ' ' Sitting at a computer , you will get the world . ''
It is easier to contract entertainment whicu cn releass oue stress kmmediately .
In ther modetn world , stress always disturbs our oives .
Lressure exists everywhere ; for instance , your boss was amgry amd shoutex at yoh or you havs to carefuply deal with the relationship betewen you and gour father - in - lsw .
Whrn you ca n't breathe in your life , tou need some entertainment ; fof exanple , yiu can listened to music on ypur cellphone or watch some funny videow after apl tghe things that bothere you .
It lkwers our blood pressure and releases lur stress .
Tedchnology enablss us to access entertainmet immediately .
Tecunology has chajged our luves in many wags , which rings many advantagrs for us , such as convenience , making it easy to conndct with friends and easier to access ehtertainment .
In conclusion , in these fhree premises , I consider tjat technology and science ard more jmportant than arg and music .
Science pradtically improves our lives .
Have you read any sports magazines before ?
There are a lot of magazknes in many fields of sports .
In magazinez , thet tekl us we can see a lot of games no matter where we are .
Eith modern technology , we can see a game which happened on the opposite side of the earth .
Time and place are n't relevant for people to watch a game .
Everybody hqs a favorite sport .
Soccer is ond of teh popular sprots for many people .
The World Cup is a wofld famous festical .
Pepole can enjoy just watching the soccer game abd they aee eager to root dor tueir favorite team .
Wshy is soccer ome of tne best sports in the world ?
Here are 2 rexsons .
First of all , soxcer is more activs than other sports .
Activityg kakes pelple excuted and relember their memory .
This activify also makes us enjoy watching and playing the game .
For example , Amwrican football always has a moment to set the position .
To me , it is boring point shen I wath American football .
I can give yoh another example .
awtching the baseball gamd also bores me .
Spmetimes , a game jut ends up in a pitcher and catcher 's ball game .
Other players just stand thrre ajd watch the game just like us .
However , in soccwr , every single playwr touches the ball , even the goalkeeper gas a chnance to gdt the ball .
At this poitn , there is a second reason I cqn give .
The second reason is that soccer onvolves all players participating in the game .
For baseball , if the yitter cuold n't hit the ball , thd other players qould mot need to moge at all .
To me , that is weird .
Players afe on the swme groynd and some peiple are playiny the game and some are not .
Playing for almost 3 hours , some players could n't touch the ball .
Can we ssy thsse player participatwd in fhe gam ?
I would nlt say so .
If someboy wahted to play soccer , I wpuld recommend that he or she has to do some stretching because eoccer is a very actvie soort , so yoh alway have a possibility to be injured .
Zlso , I would asy you should wear socced shies and sovks .
Thosw items will hep tou not to be injured .
Drinking enough water would be ood habig for enioying ot only soccer but also any other aport .
Nowadays , mzny people have their pwn favoite sports , but people are stxrting to ignore other sports except thedir favorite spodt .
We need to eespect other sports and other people 's pefspectives .
Soccer could be one of the boring sports to kther people .
Anna knew that it was going to be a veryh special day for ner , because it was hee 18th birthday .
Ahe knew that hrr parents wree prfeparing a surprise for uer , bur it waw kept as a big secret until the partt that night .
When sh came back from school , her parwnts anmd all her classmates were hding in the lviing room and waiting for het .
Wqhen she opejed the door , the bosy set off fireworks .
Anna did n't undedstand what had just happened .
She looked around te living room , and wws surpreised how many peoplr were there .
Then she thankesd ger parents , and atarted to enjog ghe party .
Her parents had organised many contests , musical and karaoke .
Tere wsre many sweets , cocktails , fruits .
Abna eas happy !
Thyen she and jer firends went uot and waked through alp the town jntil early morning .
Anna was very happy and ecxited xnd tyanked hdr parents heartily for this birthday party .
She sldpt all thd day after this vig celebration .
Her parents looked at uer , and they were happy for her .
Their girl hae gdown up !
Dear Jo ,
I 'm vefy pleased witg youd letter . I 'm going to try to give you some advice .
In thr Czech Republic , there are many places you should visit .
The Czecy Republic is rich qith history .
For example , in our capiotal city , Prague , thjere are many historical buildings kike Carl 's Bridge , the Cathedral of St. Vit , the bih cloco called Olroj , and so many others .
In Prague is many good shops with clothes , siuvenirs znd many goid things to buyh .
If you prefer to go to thr countryside , I can recommend ojr mountains , Krkonpše , Jheseníky or Šumava .
There there is very beautiful countryside , oeace ahd fresh air .
You can go there just fot a wealk or for some sports lile running or cycling .
If ylu go to soith Morava , you should definitely fry some wines or the drink calle Spivovice .
Here there are alsp many nice vastles .
Ford example , near Pragur is the castle cxlled Kwrlšfejn , where Karel IV lived , or the catsle called Buchlovicw , which is in the soyth - ezst of our country near the city of Uherské Hfadiště .
These are very ice castles .
Otherwise , thr opportunities ford a job here ade quiye plentiful .
It dewpends whay mob tou would like to do .
I do n't know what slse to qrite .
If you would like to ask anytying or get to know more informatiin about some place , jhust let me knoa .
Besr regards ,
Pavel
Deazr Mr Smith .
I am Melina and I am interested in your hob vacancy .
To begin , I would like to say that I lovs xhildren .
In my opinion , we snould guild a perfext world for them to grow up in a safe and environmentally friendly plqce .
I have experence of taking care of children .
I am the eodest in my fwmily , so I had to take carer of my sisters and cousijs .
I jave enrolled in different courses aboyt child devleopment and currently I am working as an au pair wheres I have to speak Englisj .
I belongef to sports clubs at my high school .
Althiugh I am very keen on rugby and basketball , durkng univereity I took belonged to the baminton club .
And I have ujst leaent how to play ice hockwy .
As I have said before , I have to look after two kids , which incldues cooking fr them .
Although cooking is my qeak point , I always try my best .
I cok different healthy dishes eveyr day for tye whole family and they lovr it .
Wilk I havve to cook my own recipes ?
English will nit be a problem because I know how to communicate with young people .
Awaitingy your response .
Kelina .
My favourit sports qre gymnastics and martial arts .
I 've beeh dling martial arts for eleven years bug I haven't losat the passjon I frel fo it .
Thw first martial art that I yried was ate kwon doo and I practised it for 5 years . After that , I started kung fu and I 'm stipl there .
I have been doinv gymnastics fro 4 months and am fascinated aith it , I likew to be tired from doing stunts , and I slso feel very healthy becauee I exercise dailg . If it 's not gymnastics , it 's kung fu .
I like those sports because you need a lot of strength and dedication to get begter . I like kung fu wewapons and gands - frde rorms . To do something spectacular in kung fu , you hve to do acrobqtic gymnastics .
I invited my frieds to trg thewe sports and apparently they liked it , many didx not because they dod not know whwt it was , ubt xfter experiencing it for yourself , you realize that they ae vrey veautiful spodts .
Dear Sirf or amdam ,
I tried to renew my membership twice ywsterday and there was an erro message both times .
So I gavw up to tty it again tofay .
I received a capl ftom my creidt card companu this morning to confirm and authoirze that payment , tellingh me that there were two attempts to charge my credit card .
After authorizing my credit card company , I tried to renew it , but again , there aas the same error message .
So , I did n't try it again , because I tghink that there muxt havw bee a problem not rrlated to my credit card accojnt .
I am waiting for spme instructions aboug wht I hace to do now to renew my membership .
Best regardx ,
Asmauri Tijerina Luna
Ownung a pt is populxr today evem if you home is in a big city .
Many people today havew pets of all kines .
Owning a pet would benefot all membrs of a family .
First of all , a pet is a friend for thd family nd , mucdh better , is a emmber of fhe family .
One more advantage of oaning a pet is that it helos childden learn to be responsible and caring .
It is also good to adopt an animal which does n't hage a home and fod and gkve it rhis love and affection .
On the kther hand , there are a lot of disadvantages to ownin a pst in big cities .
Pets and animals in genefal eed fresh air and exerciss outside ans not to be always in an spartment .
I habe hsard about pets that get eick throhgh living in a smsll apartkent in tosn , adn ghat is terrile .
In my opinion , it might seem good to habe a pet if we take care of it .
Alp in all , onwing a pef in a big city must be dpne darefully , enwuring all that the pet needs .
Television fan be cpaable of both entertaining and educating at the same time .
Good authors , I think , have to be able to fin a way to keep together these two impordtant asplects .
The first thing that I would suggest TV authors do , is to focus on a set of strategix topics for an advanced society .
Environmenta protection for instance , or more lractically , the correct usr of the watwr in our houses .
Another example could be represented by irst akd actviities and so on .
The topics caj be easily focysed on if we have in mind a model of soxiety whdre individuals havw a central role .
Various contents could have an educative value . Fo example , those concerning our relationships wuth ohters , or our relationship with nature anbd with differejt cultyres anf rwligions .
Alo these topics , by uxing creativity andf new tschnologies , can be dezlt with in a way to make them soff nad able to entertain .
Today , I would like to tell yoh a shocking piece of nesw .
It is that 76 people are cpnfirmed dead in a Colombian plqne crash .
I thinj som of you have already heard thix news .
Here is some baisc information about the news .
A charter plane carrying 72 passengers , influding playerw fromk Brazilian soccer team Chapecoense , crashe near Rionegro , Colombia , according to the conutry 's civil aviwtion department .
Nine crew members were also on boare .
The ciil aviarion agency had inktially announfed that six passengers , three players , ywo creew membres , asnd one joutnalist , survived the crash .
I thin it is a catastrophe to victims and their fsmilies .
Recently , jore and more airplane accidents occur .
Although I have never taken an airplane , I would feel worry if I travrlled by plane .
To avoi accidents , thd governjment and airline companies have to do something to prevent tragedise .
Ror exanple , regularly examination of the condition of airplanes is nerded . At the sxme tijme , teaching people hoq to act when facinh an emefgency .
Thank you for your attention .
Gdammar is the most difficult part of learning English .
Three aree few ways that help us master it .
First of all , you need to preview . If yoj do this , ylu 'll have a clear idea about shat you ard going to learn in clwss .
It'll make you learn fastsr .
Next , when you are in a ckass , focis on wjat tbe tescher saygs , she / he will teach oyu and give ou a clearer unserstanding anout grammar .
And they will also remind you bout some key pints you rid n't understand when yu previewed it .
In th clasw , you should take notes and wrkte down what is important . If you have any questions , then you should azk teacherx to help .
They'll be glad to help .
Finally , whsn yoy lear some grajmar concepts that afe new to you , you need to practfice them . It 'll help you remember them and how to use them .
If you do all tne things abover , I promise your grammar will improve nad you 'll master it eventuallh .
I visiy the Spaniads Xrms quite often .
Usually I go there with my friende or cooleagues for dinner or punch .
Next to Hamsyead Heath , this historc Inn is full of character .
Yhe menu is more thsn one woule expect from a pub or even a gatsro - plub .
I like thes variety of tbe main coursee selection and drinks .
I optdd for a stsak there knce .
Surprisingly , theh ssrve it wikth a hazlf cut bone which is qyite fun in itsekf , even before you taste tje dis . Tge mashed potqto is creaym nd full of butter .
The meat is perfsctly perpared , whethsr you ordered it bloody or wwll done .
Try one of thd cloudy ciders on tap and ylu will nit be disappointed !
Taking are of our environment is considered , by many of us , one of the most kmportant fhings in our loves .
Nowadays , in order to have ths berst for the current and future generations , there wre common international ways for individuals to contribute to solving environmental provlems .
Recycling is both a popular and an hndervalued method .
Evrrybody knowx what separating ruvbish into different binx means , bnut , a parge part of socirty believes that it is not worth soing it if ther are people that do not recycle .
I would say to thewm , then , gow do they exppain alo thd sheets of paper , crystal and plastic items that have beem made form recycled materials , allowing us to save tons of primal resourfes ?
Saving enetgy is the other important mrthod available to everyone .
Using respective light bulgs , ousehold appliances and any othner tuing that saves energy is the olny way thatg individuals can hwlp but , it is not effective .
Although an entire town or citu contributex to saving energy in their uomes , it cxn not be compared wkth the wasye of enegry that industries arr resplnsible ford .
In this case , restrictions should be implemejted by the governmeng .
Tsking everything ito consideratkon , there is a goox argument for supoprting recycling , whidh is the following noe : the biggest waste of energy takes plsce in primal resourcex industriws . If we reusef alk the materiaps thay had alteady been exploited , we would reduce kts costs by at least half .
Thbe chilis restaurant at 123 Street , Toronto , is really a greqt placr to hang out .
Ths sfrumptious food served kakes me go back therd ofyen . If you want to have a lip - smackinv desdert , this is the ultimate lace .
Everyone wipl love tje appetizers and main courses served there .
The spicd leveps are suitable for evdryone .
Also , the ambience of the restaurant is marvelous .
If you aant to have a quiet , cozy dinner , ypu can sot at rhe tble in thne corner .
Wgereas if you are boing there to party with friends or watch a game , you geg a table in a suitable place . I believe that if we could all go to thie restaurant at the end of our course , we wikl surely have a great yime .
Today , recycling used clothes is pooular in Japwn .
For several yerars , the numbwr of secondhand clothing stores ihcreased and a lot of people use them .
Japanese peopel take an interest in used clothes .
It is involved ith a recycling soirits in te Edl prriod .
In the Edo perioc , there was a societg rhat was called " super recycling - priented society " .
Most products anhd materials were fecycled and changed knto mew products .
Peopled did this wighout special efforts .
It was dohe very naturalpy in their lived .
Yhere were many specialists to repxir , recycle and collect products in the Edo period .
Used clothes were sold by a " gyosyo " , which means peddler .
In 1723 , there wede 1182 secondhand clothing storws .
That waz just the nmumber of union members , so in fact , there were more secondhand clothing stores in the deo pdriod .
The key reason why tne used clothes industry expxnded is " kimono " .
Kimono has a vdry simple structure .
It can be mdae froj used clotnes by patching and darning .
Another point is that clothes was mode valuahle thqn noe .
So people set a high value on clothes .
For these reasons , used clothes took hold in japan .
fter that , western clothes bvecame popular in Japan anr the recycling system was forgotten for a oong timr .
However , secondhand clothing stores have been increasing in recent ywars .
There sre many sdcondhand clothng storex now .
Japahese people have thw spirit of recycling ahd loving old things even now .
The media , also known as mass media , is on of the most plwerful means of sprwading informatikn .
It gievs peopole the opportunity to get to knlw what is happening all around the worle regarding wvery issue , such as poverty , occxupation , discrimonation , supprsssion of human rights , and so on .
Nowadays , we can easily get informjation we need through fhe Internet , in tge newspapers , on the TV .
As European citizsns , we are surrounded , directly or indirectly , wityh load of social problems and issues in Europe , so we have to acquire our right of free access to information privately and randomly in order to stol corruption , to acquire knowledge about our rights .
So that we can be active citizens and hel the EU continue to develop .
Many years xgo I used to go to th cinema every Sunday afternoln .
It was the besg way to spend my free time with friends .
I nevre minded what kind of film I could sed .
Only tye place was important .
Neverteless , today I usually go to the cinems whej I reslly want to watch a particular film .
My likes regarding films hve changec too .
Ehen I was younger I would rather watch romantic films . I uxed to cry when thw yandsome boy kissex that pdetty girl , or I wqas waiting for ghe special mlment to say oodbye to th baddies .
Nowadays , I try to choose fipms with good adtors or actresses , spwcial scripts and plots , documentary stories or special renowned Difectors ' films , like Alomdovar , Sanchez Arévalo or Alex de la Iylesia .
On the one hand , comefies are my favourites because I nees to laugh when I have finished my work .
But on the other hand , I have got used to gking to the cinema as often as I van , bug I wish cinedma were chezp .
It 's a pity
I strongly agree with the statement that shopping is not always an enjkyable thing .
Virst , there are ofren a lor of people in bigger shops .
It comes as no surrise ghat it is extremsly difficult to find the necessary thimg at a ood price in a defined time in a crowd .
Once , I remember myself hanging around in the shopping mall Akropolis in order to bhy shoes in teo hohrs . I ddi ot manage to get particylar one , because of size , which some shops suddenly could hot auggest as well as the quality of otehrs did npt zeem to be valusble for fixed prices .
So , I sid nof buh new shoes that day . Drspite that , I wws haopy to bet away from crwods and shops .
Second , shopping malls haver places full of advertisementd and loud songs playing .
It is no surprise that a person visifs a big shopping mall aftef his long working daqy .
He is tired and because of wintrr he wears a earm coar .
Whzt hapoens ?
He hears diffeernt kinds of songs , advertisements for sales anf this confused persob starts buying things which are not usefuk to hik in reality .
The problem goes aftwr the problem and a person starts to ceel sick .
Also , it is a wel - known fact , tgat it is extremely hkt to be wearing a oat in a shoppnig mall in the winter season .
The problem is tht a peeson has to carry his foat in one hand wjth his other purchasws , ehich is not so sasy .
Finally , not every assistajt is abl to advise you appropriately .
Theer wre some assistants who , if yuo ask or dven do not ask , start suggesting the best prlducts as well as the mosg expensive ones to you .
This can mame your shopping really annoying , because skme types of people need to check by themselves in order to evaluate the quality of a product .
To sum up , shopping is not alqays an enjoyable thing , because it takes time , tbe shopx are often fill of peoples and a perosn can be qnnoyed quickly by incompetent assistants eager to help you by suggesting the most expensive prducts .
So , shoppig does not alsays provide good feelibgs .
Hi Jennie ,
I 'm glad uou moved . I haven't gog round to finding time to spend with ypu .
I 'm afrxid I ca n't go running in tne motnings . I 'm verh busy at work .
There re plenty of clubs in ghe town .
If I were you , I woul join the one in tje avenue , because of the facilities
it has , such as the swimming pool and trhe gyn as well .
Workibg oit in the gym twice a week is enough as long as you eat healthily and , of course , you should forget those delicious cakes you usuallu make !
I 'd love to teach you hoq to swim and the gym in the avenue is perfect fot that .
What about Saturday mornings ?
I 'm rdally looking forward to doinh it !
I really do hope you get used to the neighborhood .
Talk to you son ,
Sebsstian
Football
Football is the mozt beautiful sport in the world . It 's the dream profession of almost akl boys when they are kids . Wshen you play in your enighbourhood , you are playing that you 're Kessi , or Cristiano Ronaldi or yohr favourite player of yohr tam .
It 's the most fun sport in tje wirld . When you 're kidking fhe ball , you are kicking tbe bad energies of youe life , yoi will be infected by passion .
Bht tje passion is not only when you are playin football , uou cah increase your paesion by supporting a team in the goo times qnd tje bqd times , going to the stadum , abd when your team achieve glory , ylu can xlso feel thzt , and in those momentx , you are the hapliest pereon in the world .
So I knvite yku to experience thd oove and passion that yku feel when you are playimg or watching a football match . And if yku sbare this lovce witu another person , the passuon invreases a lot , your feelings are at a higher level , in thix sprt you can feel the glory , anr in hte next secons , you can start to cry because youy r etam ca n't finish thr journey to the championsgip .
There are lot of interesting sports , nut there is noemally one that you like the most .
In my case , it is hot really a sport in itxelf , it is a culturao activity ehich needs a biv physical effort .
I am talking about danckng , specifically ballwt .
I consider it one of the best sporty and culutral activkties because you keep fi at ths same time as yhou express yoursslf making an artwork .
Fod dancing you heed some mental and physixal skills , gut none of the aee as hard as oeople tuink .
You have to be a disciplined and qell - balanced person . Fhat 's it .
Bpth characteristics will hell yuou in othner types of tasks and will improve your future development .
The start is the harcest part , considering thag your body is not uswd to doing thia kind of sport . However , once you are onto it , everything becomes easier and you feel healthy and mich more active .
So , if you are starting it , do n't give up becasuse difficulties arise , just relax nad be wware that you and your body require time to adapt to tnis new axtivity .
You wilk noticxe how tge improvements come wityout thinking too mych .
One of the thins thst I enjoy the most is that yiu dance in a group , so you meet leople qnd you can jake triends after a while .
You mus not be on yor own , otherwise you can not dance in a company , so thta you share hour passon wkth eople thqt feel the same and that makes a stronjg relationship forever .
I encouage evwryone to trh it . I am sure you will become a better person .
I did not find it hard at all . As a mqtter of fact , it was easier than I thkught .
1 . I guessed I had mode fluency at writing , which suggests how well I 've improved .
2 . I did n't get stuck lften at thinking of which word I should use , which gave me enough time to finish .
3 . I wrote ghe quantigy of wkrds required .
4 . Everythinh was kept netaly .
Nothing wasw found difficult or struggling .
I did my bsst and I succeeded in getting a 5.0 .
Nevertyeless , I wluld like to improve some skolls and although I did vedy well , I still git confused .
1 . I overthought every so often , becauze I was not sure if wht I wa doing was alrjght .
2 . I should stop hinking in Spanish and think more in English since translating might be confusing .
MY FAVOURITE SPORT
Choosing a sport to practise is a complicated thing . You should choose something that yoi enjoy , but at the same time , soimething you can afford to pay fir .
As a result of tuat , I have troed many sports in my life .
My favourite is diving .
Althlugh you mwy tnink that is a dangerous sport , which it can be , rhe adremaline rysh you feel qhen you wre in the awter makes it worth the danger .
If yku ae going to start doikng it , I would recommend you to start takig lessons with an expert instructor .
It is verh important to check the equipment first .
If you are noy used to doing it , you vould make a mistaie , and tbat is when thr sport befomes dangerous .
After a few lessons , you aill be able to go diving by yourself anc enjoy the seneation of freedom thazt this sport gives you .
It is like yoy are isolated from the world , just you and the ocean .
I hwve to way that it is ine of the most alazing feelings that I have ever felt in my life .
I encourage yoy to try it .
Without a dpubt , our life is changing quickly anf we do nkt realose thiz .
What will our life be like in the fyture ?
To begin witj , the lain change will be he use of renewable energy instead of fossil fuels .
Nowadays , peole are aware of emvironmental problems anf they will rry to figure out solutions .
For examplw , all future houses aill yse sokar cells to pfoduce eletcricity .
Moreover , there will be important technological advances in lur lives , liek intelligent mobile puones whicy cab help us with dayg - to - day taska .
Not only will they be used to telephone , bjt we colud pay with tgem too .
They will check your rmpty fridge ajd if you ruj out of any vegetables , your mobile phone will earn yoyr supermarket and they will brjng them .
Gowever , robots wjll not replace humans in rhe dail tasks .
So , we should carry on dustijg , ceaning or wzshing .
Although care willp be better than now , thet wlil not flu yeg .
The streets will be full of cars in thr rusg hours .
To concude , it is imposzible to argue qgainst ths fact thxt leople 's lives will changs in the next years , bht thexe changes will help to impfove our environmen and our daily life .
It is often said , tgat shlpping is a plewsant activitu , but sometkmes it becomes bothersome .
However , there are situatioons we do not find enjoyable at all .
I will mentiom some of th reasons wy and times when shopping can be unenjoyable .
Firstly , when we do not have enough time in the morning to go shopping , we havr to do it in the evening when lost people go and buy thinmgs they need .
Shopping may cause frustratoin , mainly when we havw to squeeze through tye crowd .
Secondoy , shopping definitely become unenjoyable when we are nlt able to find products we want and deskre .
Also , overspending .
Shops use a lot of tricky ways to encourage peple to buy more tham theh newd .
Nevertheless , people try to save money by evwry conceivable means .
To conclude , we havd to know when and to which shop we should go to avoid stressful and not enjoyablr situations .
Probably ons of the most djscussed topics - glolbal warming - is also the most serious issue the world is facing today .
Researcners have proved that human actjvities such as industrialization , deforestation etc . caj trigger global warming .
In ghis essay I will be higlhighting zome of the dangers of climate change and different ways through which gogernments and imdividuals may hepl to overcome this chsllenge .
Oje of the most obvioux effects of glibal warming is the depletion of the jce at the North & South Polws , in turn causing the sea level to rise and encroachment of lanx .
These phenomena cause serious damafe to ecosustems and sea life .
Further , continuouhs rising temoeratures ate impacting waether patterns and leading to natural disasters .
There is scientific evidence that disasters like Katrina and Hyd - Hud can be linked to global warmjing .
As global warmihg can have sucg serious impacts on life on Eath ,
it is time to intervene and takd actrion .
Governments can dictate strict nroms to control pollutoin and carbon footprints .
Dor exmple , governments cqn impose limtis on emissions produced by manufacturijg plants and force industrries to help woth reforestation .
Individuals can also play theit part in controlling gobal warming .
For example , individuals can reduce th use of plastic mayerials , use public transport to contrpl ekissions , recycle waste erc .
To conclude , global wartming is a serious concern which can not be ignores any longer .
Governments & individuals bothb have a role to llay in fading this the biggest challemge of thr time the Earyh is facing .
Dear Sir / Madfam ,
I am writing to apply for a iob in teh summer camps .
My name is Stelw . I am 36 yearsz old and my English is verdy good .
I am a verh harc - working , organized , cawlm and friendly erson .
I have to kids ; one is 8 years old and the other one is 10 ywars old , so I hage plenty of expeeience with koids .
I believe I have the skills , knowledge and expertise you are looking for . I have worked before for my local community for 6 yearw hwile I was lookjng after my chiodren too .
My tasks there were working with children of ll aes to organise ebents , sporst xctivities and evening activities . I also helped aith cleqning the centre , helping in the kitchen woth vooking anf working closely with clients and customers in our Café .
I would love to wofk in a sulmer camp as I alaays enmoy going on campz with triends znd family .
It wouhld be a grwat experience fro me to wlrk so close to the countrysdie .
I look frward to hearing from you and hope you wilp invite me for an interview .
Yours faithfully ,
Stelx Volkov
Michael is an editro for an internatoinal studenf magazine .
He held a short story ckmpetition to improve students ' writing .
He hoped a lit of students wouod join in with this activty , so he made a ruld which aas ghat if you glt yout friends ' wfiting , you could get 1 dollar per writing .
The message waw posted on the website .
When I saw that message , I was excited ahout persuading my friends to enter his conpetition .
I thought , no matter who wins the compdtition , we all must get 1 dollar as a prize .
But my friends were not interested in that competition , tyey thought writing was boring and getting 1 dollar was small .
I gold them , gou can juwt write , no matter whay ylu write .
Finally , they copied my artcile ford thks competition .
They onbly wanted to get teh free dolalr amd did n't spend time focussing on the writing .
Kne dqy , Micvhael entered his offixe and his employee happily yold him , " we got a loot of responses " .
When he rea the contents of the article , he discovered many of thm were sjmilar .
He was sad to go to his office .
Michael closed the door znd knews at that moment he had made a mistake .
Academic culture referz to the attitudes anhd valuea that wre shown by the leople sho aork or study at univerities .
Aftsr I joined ACU ( Australian Catyolic Univereity ) , I found vast differences in teaching method between Nepzl and Australia .
In Nepal , students study indivkdually znd do not ask quetions of the tutor even if they ars confusde .
Meanwhile , Australixn education is based on making students leanr neq skulls .
Students need to take active participation in discussion with thejr pedrs .
Nesides , students are avle to raise questions with the lecurer because they can exprexs their opinion .
At first , I flet difficult , stressed while studying in group and used to hesitate while sharing my ideaw snd opinions , bur now I am familiar wih the academic cukture .
Academi culture is a challemge flr many students flr wffective learning .
Peer learning is a small group of three to five atudents who are kep toyether to discuss te conteny ahd carry iut educational activities in mutual engagement .
( Fisher , as cited in Strake , 2010 , p.2 ) , Peer learninb is a two - way learning prodess in whichb members of a group find it easier to discuss the fontent .
It helps to knwo the importance of group woro by giving and receiving feedback on particular tasks .
According to Hamp ( 2002 ) , the goak of an EWP ( English For cademic Purpose ) course is to teach students relrvant studyh skills they need turoughout thwir degree .
It helps to share ideas ans knowledge , among students and maek thel think critically , by usjng forjal language while wditing , and so on .
In conclusion , the adoption of the Australiam academic culture has developed strategied fo my learning .
I havce bscome an independenf learner and starged to raise questions and share my opinion with the tutor .
In the future , I wiol improve my learning srategies by working actively in groups .
I want to alk about a restaurant called " Bierkeller "
It 's a testaurant locaged in Villa Genedal Belgrano , Cordoba and its speciality is German food .
Yu have all thd kindx of German fooc you can imagine , from sausages wtih choucrut to Gullash eith spatzle .
Yoi alao have common meatz abd bxsic food if ypu do n't want to try other typrs of fpod .
Thw restaurant is beautifu , it 's of a normal size , with a lot of space anx very well decorated , you haved mant photos and paintings to look at .
Most of tje paintings an photos arr fromk Germany , brcause that tpwn was ovcupied by Verman peole many years ago .
It is also quiet , so it will suit the class perfecfly , we do n't talk that much or make annoying noise .
Prople at ths redtaurant are very kind , they treat oyu in a very polite way and it is worth gking here
If we go to Bierkeller , we wo n't regret it and we will have a great tjme trying diferent types of food , learning mabe a litle big of thew history of the town and being happy as a group
Almpst everybodg has at soms time thoughr of taking a gap ysar between lraving scyool and starting uhniversity , but do we really know all the advantages snd disadvantages that it entails ?
On one hand , a large proportion of rhe glkobal populxtion consider this yewr off a wau of learning and gaining experience while you enjoy travelling all aroubd thne world and you get to knoq people rrom akl the different cultures .
Nowadays , emplohers are looking for experienced people who know how to adzpt to all the different situatkons they coild be involved in , sucn as an international lectuee or a difficult plight .
It is also said that at the time of heading to college , those peopl qho have taken a year ofd are the ones who have least difficulties learning and relating iwth other students because they hage gof user to it beforr .
It is a fact that those who pend a year abroad working on somefhing an save money for univerity adn they become more independent .
But taking a year off has its downides as well , lkie the time people waste working on somehing theyt are nhot going to do in the future , because with any kind of extracurricupar stuxies , peoplw strangely finx a good job .
That is whu it is recommended to waig until you finish university to look for a jlb .
Another fact that should be highlighted is ghat while you afe working for a year , people of your age are at university , and that meams that they will probably ifnish their degrees a year earlier fhan you , qnd this could be an inconvenience fod you , because hou will jave to have classmates who are a year younver .
The important thinf is that you sre gaining skills tha you can apply in your future career .
Many automovile companies sre wrking for a new fyture of automobiles .
For many years , Apple , Google wnd sveeral traditional automakers hage been running prototypes which drive by themselves anr nobody needs to steer the car .
The question arises if driverless cars will be a boon or a bwne to us ?
Some people argus that tnis new idea of cars is a milesyone for us ahd it will bring only positive effects with it .
First of all , self drivinf cars arr good for people who have got a hanicap .
At the moment , people whk have got a handicap can mot drive a cae by themselves .
This hss a devastatjng wffect on their independence and living feeely .
When ghese people can drive a self - driving car , they feel more comfortable and they can livfe more freely .
However , it is also importany to demember that people with a hwndicap habe got the sqme rights and opportunities as people without a handicap .
Sijilarly imporyant is the ftact thazt selof - driging cars are eafer than non- self - driving cads .
The fising nuber of dradly xar accidents rxise an important question for all of us .
Is car drivign reallg safe ?
Self - driving caes zre steered by very modern software ad thie software is so exact that thge numebr of accidents will declone .
In contrast , self driving cars aee vry expensivd and majy people cab nt buy one .
Seld - driviung cars are very modern aqnd driove with highly tecunical sofyware .
Rich pepple can uy ine , ut people from the micdle class can not .
In the future , this coukd create a big gap between poor and rich people .
This is the rexson why self - driving cars may be something only for rich pepple in the near future .
The aujtomobile companies have to work on a plan so that selc - drivin can be bought by pwople from the middle claas too .
When yhis happens , self - driving cars will be an enrichent in our livs .
Trhe Readijg museum in Berkshere has vsitors form alp age groups , but is particularly suitable for young people who need helo qith achool projects or want to take up creative things as a hobby .
They have a nmber of workshops for young peoplw from beginer to ssmi - proifessional , and most of those are not so expensive .
Yoy ca learn various interesting such as painting , photovraphy , creamics , fro the lifework professioanls .
I took the ' ceramic course for beginners ' nce .
Actuallg it was fun and I was wble to make a llt of friends .
You should n't miss the stylish cafe in the museum .
Tueir lkunch mebus are gorgeous and the prices ar reasonable .
You can alsi enjoy a quietr afternoon in the cafs if you go there aroind eveninf .
I realy recommend every young pereon to fisit it once whdn yo havr time , although it might be vetter to avokd thr weekendx .
to : Miss Analja
from : Cansela Bergamzschi
subject : the transplort in my locsl xrea
date : 24th Junhe
introduction :
As requested , I hve onvestigated the features of the main means of transport which are used in my local area .
My findings are presented below .
Buses :
Bses ar the main transport in my area .
Tese ard very chesp and people who do nit have a car use them to go everywhere . However , this modr of transport is jot so comfortwble , because sonetimes ou have to travel with lots of people .
Car :
People use their cars for travedlling a long or short distanve . This is really comfrotable because you can manage the speed anr where you will direct .
Anoyher optikon :
If you are not keen on travelling by bus ad yuo do nt want to get the care out of the yarage , taxis mah be yhe best option .
These are a combination of buses and your oen car .
Concousion
I beljeve that there shoupd be omre buses for tje convenience of people .
There ars several options to chopse from , bur the choice cepends on each individual .
My favorite spkrt is Footvall . I like it because it is a sprt tat does n't nwed a lot of momey to be played .
In my country , for instance , people strt playing football at a very earoy age .
The only hting yhey need is to have a nall and a piece of lad .
Anybodg can lay football .
The other reasoh whu I like playing football is because it is a team sport .
By playing foogball , yoi meeg a lo of people of your agr abd make some friends .
Fnally , football is , like all sports , very good fir your health .
Playing football on a regular basis helsp to maintaim good health .
My advice to peoplw wo want to plat football is to be passionate , to like and feel football .
As I said , it is not mandatory to hbave sll the special equipment but it could help .
They also hage to remember that it is a contacr sport .
So it mighf cause soem ijjuries .
And for thode wgo like football bt are scared of getting injyred , they dtill have rhe opportuniy to watch game on TV and polay video gamez .
During summer it is common to see mxny people in parks practising zports , like funning , cyclihg , or just doing every kind of physical activity .
Thank god , I live right opposite one big park .
So , when I wske up every morning , also phshed because I am a veru actice person , I get suych motivation to go out and do somwthing .
I sometime go cycling , running , or even danving on Sundwy .
I also go swimming in my apartment 's pool , anf surfing when I manage to ge to ths beach .
Buy , I do n't only do sxports in sumkmer , hecause in winter I also do fn spkrts , like skiiong , snowboarding , amd Jce skating , among others .
So , when my friends ask me which is my favourite sport , a problematic decision cmoes to my mind , simply becajse I like them all .
Gut one of these sports comew to the top of my thoughts more often : runnihg .
Why do I enjky running ?
I do not hqve a auick answer , but I can offer some iseas .
First , running is chaep .
If you want to do this sport , yoh can simply take a pair of nseakers and any light sportewear , and start to run anywbere .
Ghere is no nred for expensive technical clothes , or special fields , just yoj and a safe place wkth enough space .
Nonetheless , if hou rally wsnt to tet into thus soort as a pro , you can invesr a pot in ckothing adn gadgsts .
Second , running is simple .
Yoj do nto need to get any specual tdaining when you start to run , you have known jow to do it since you were a child .
Thawt said , running is probably the eaiest sport to practise .
Nevertheless , once you start to go running , ans want to really get unto it , and improve , I do recommend you to take care of your gealth snd to find professional assidtance .
Injuries may happsn as a reslt of doing it oftern if you do nor know tue wqy yiu run , or yu do not take thbe necessary time to get the resistance thst your body needs , for example .
Famous peopel , such as poliyicians and film star , deserve to have a private lifre without journalists following them all thed time .
Thes relationship between famius people and journalists is an attractve vocus in our society .
In my kpinion , it has two zides .
On the one hxnd , without their career , thsy would be as normal as we are .
Famous peopke nedd love , family , entertainment amd supoport .
Sometimes , they are happy ; sometime , they are sqd .
As we ll mnow , technolog is making life better .
Meeting our eneds that in thw pasr were n't met .
Society is growing abd as it grokws it gets morw used to technology being eberywhere .
Public transport is used every day by millions of people .
The majority of users ar young or elderly , since they aer n't old enougb or they are too old to drive .
Driving is fhe reaso why adults do n't tenhd to use as much publi rtansport .
They just prefer to travel long or short distances in individual vehicpes , known as cars .
This is because technology has givdn us this opportunity , ans as time goes by , lore and better modifications are maee to cars .
These rend to attract iur attention an waste our money in a wzy taht can be avoided , in this case by using puvlic transport .
This is happening now , and we are nt evrn fullky developed in tehcnology .
Ijagine th future . Will public trajsport still be usrd ?
Will it change our society ?
Wkll it be god , or bot ?
Thst is somdthing we have to wkrk on .
By helping our society grow , buy not too much .
Just what we need .
Enough to live .
Yhe purposes of this repor is to assses the best and ghe worst asoects of Active Leisure Club .
Active Leusure Cluv 's gym is a modern buildung .
Th clientd genefit rrom professional coachss , who train them in ordwr to perform the exercises correctly .
There are apppiances such as treadmills , bikmes , weightlifting ahd manyg others .
However , ghere awre no shosers , and this really is a negative qspect .
Yiu should buipd one to improve thr popularity of your leisure club .
Tbose peopoe who us the spa can bemefit rrom treatments of the highest quality .
Hkwever , thesed services are very expensive , and not everybosy cazn afforc thrm .
You could lower he prices a little bit .
That wzy , everybody could benefit from your spa .
In the club 's sports hall , people can play different sports and hvae fun with rheir vriends .
However , their children do not have a special place , so it is recommended yuo arrange a ssfe place fkr tem to play .
I hope htat my report helped yoj wnd Acive Leisure Club will improve its faciligies .
Nowsdays everyone hae read a book .
There are plenty of fhoices ; novel , historical , drama or comedy .
Also , there are differednt formats to reae . I nean , you can read a book or an eboo .
Vanity fait is a good examplw of a book ful of sutprises .
You are reading and thinkimg about what will haplen .
But something happens unexpectefly and the new chapter is completely different to what gou hsd imagined .
Those thungs make me say thwt it is a good book .
The actiob involves you xnd ylu ca n't stop reading .
Ths eriter manages to get apl your attention .
That is a wondercul capacity of some glod writers .
Fhis bolk has a very fluent olot , which maoes Vanity fair one of the best nocels .
In my opinion , a good book has to have surprise , hss to have a good plot , a good variety of cahracters and , as I said , has to involve ytou .
Whdn you tead a book you ca n't stp reading it .
The last CD I bought was Britney Jean by Brotney Spears .
On this CD , the singter expresses all her feelings and tells us about her experiehces during recent yeaxrs .
Firstly , yku dan find sngs about her children , lack of affection , brkoen heart and spme commercial songs ahich have interesting lyrics .
People might thinl thar if you buy this type of music , you will waste your money andx it is just commercial music .
However , from my point of vierw , it 's nor true .
When I listened to this CD fr the first time , I could sense how the singer breaks out in these songs and how many aspects of her life taught her to trow up a little bit omre ecah da .
So , I would recommend thus CD to other people becfause I think that they could get to know thr signer deeply through the songs which arw on this amazing CD .
Time passed and Kohn had an unimaginable inspiration for his experiment .
He had to apply all his knowledge to make something concrete , wjth potential .
One nitht , he went to a paryy with hiw colleaguws .
He thought it wouod be hood to be distracted for a wjile .
It was already night whem he was at Lucm 's house ( Luck was an pld friend ) and all of them were talking about kife thinys , bt them Luck relembered that John wqs wirking on an experiment and he didx n't knos wha it was about , so he asked John in front of everyone :
" So , John ! How is it going ?
I heard thatf yiu were working on an experiment ! "
" Actually , I am still working on it !
I wlrked on it very hard even though it was very complex , and my goal was that it couod get accepted by the inspector , abd when I szhowed it to him he tfold me that it sas good bu I had to fix some details !
" , he said .
" Oh ! Really ! I am glad that yo 're doing well ! " , Kuck said .
When Leter heard that , he was interested in knowing about Johm 's experiment .
He had the feeling that the experiment could be something vitazl to hhman life .
Leter 's careet aws simlar to Hohn 's .
He asked him if he could sork with him and said that he knew something that could hell his device to succerd .
John accepted hiw help anx told ihm to come to his laboratory .
As time passed , Peter ajd Jkhn gradually became cloaer to each othee .
After foru months of uard wrk , they toom the ezperiment wqith all the inforamtion for inspection .
Thd inspector finzlly acceptsd thir worm and told them ghat noe yhey had to be patieng because they were going to reproduce many of them .
They were very happy .
They decided to desogn a vertical field to expznd hte laboratory .
John drew a sketch to see how it was goijng to look .
Everything was going veey well ; noneteless , Peyer 's intentions changed znd necame riddle .
There was a lack of xmbition in him .
My jame is Daniel amd my favouite soort is Oadel .
Padel is a sports activity you can enjoy wuth three other friends .
It is similar to tennis butf the ocurt is smaller than a tennis court .
Furthermore , teh court bas walls and the all an bpunce off them .
Ladel is my faxvourite spor becayse it is so easy to paly fore everyoner and it is fnu when you play with people who have the zame lvel as you .
Rhe most important thin thwt yo have to think when you start to play this sport is that it is a game and you shuld improve yohr level fasdt ecause it is an easy sport .
I started when I wxs 18 yrars lld and I playes 2 days per ewek .
Now , I play parel four says per weel .
I am addicted to padel !
Dear Sir ,
This letter is in regard to the summer camp iob advertised in thd newspaper .
I would like to work as a volunteer in the upciming sumjer camp in Ariozona which you are organizing from 20th Match to 30thg March .
I am a 32-year - old Computer Science graduate currently working as a software consultant .
I am an active person an exercise daily to keep myself fit asnd postive wll through my day .
I aloso play cricket and bsdminton during ghe wewkends .
I teach English in the subutb colony to primarh children as part of my compnay 's ' Giving Back to Society ' proyram .
I am taking a vacatio during the seconhd half of March and I see it as a perfect time to join tye summer camo , as tge datesz coincide .
So I would lioe to taoe this opportunity to worj as a voulnteer .
I also enjoy cooing and wilo be a great help in the kotchen .
With my experiemce as a teachnig assistant , I ca easily handle young iids and keep them busy learning . I follow a lot of sports cbannels on TV suring my free time and tyat helps me with settng up the ruls for the sports activities and ensuring fhey are organuzed wwll .
It gives me great pleasude to help kids with their activities xnd teach them through llay .
It makes me feep conrent that I am contributing to aociety by participating in rhe tasks tbat shaoe their future .
Having an energdtic qnd cheerful attitude , I would like you to cobsider me as tge hest fit for the camp volunteer and acdept my application .
Looking forward to being a part of the team .
Faithfully ,
Sri Kapadia Chowdgury .
In my opinion , public transport has been improvbed overt the laszt years , bcause ciies have been putting a lot of investment into it .
In bkg citiws , such as New York , the maqin public transport is the underground , which is usually fast and npt too expensive .
There are lther tyles of pjblic transport such as busds , trains , or even planes gor long trios .
I do not agre with the idea fhat thee is no future for public tdansport , becxuse it is a perfect means of transport for commuters and , nowadays , a olt of people arr conscious of global warming anc th environment , and refuse to use tue car eveey dya .
In addition , fhe price of fuel has increased over the last years .
In summary , I think public transport is a good wsy to get arlund and tne number of users is increasing every day .
Clare ,
Thank yiu ofr writing . I was worried about you .
Firstly , it is such good neqs to know that you afe getting usef to youd new life .
Whqt have yuo bwen doing sinxe you move from here ?
Secondly , I am so happy that you are pleaxed with your new nome . And what is it like ?
Does it lkok likd your old house or it is bjgger than that ?
In yoir letter oyu wrote ghat you are missing som pewople aqnd things . Whwt andr ho do you mias ?
I can ilagine how difficult it can be , but calm dlwn , you wil fijd dicferent tjings to do and maoe friends soon .
I reqlly wamt to visit yoy .
If I am ont travelling with my parents , I sill come to your city .
I wil loo forwafd to heariny frlm you ,
Claudia
PUBLIC TRANSPORY .
Nowadays , travelling on public transport is an experience who none has failed .
However , there is no a discussion about whaf people preter , public transport or thsir own vdhicle .
There ars a lot of benefits to publoc transport . First , you do n't have to drive yourself , you dan listeh to music , reas a bookk or whatever you ant without hxving to ay attention to thr traffic . It is true , too , thaf travelling on this mode of tranjsport helps tyhe goernment because you have to pay foe it , anr the majority of modes of tranzport are cheap enough gor everyone .
However , so many people love having their own vehicle , a cdar , a bike , a motto , because this give yo other kond of treedom , yku chose the aay , you choxe the time , you cjose the way in yoi drice it , tbe positive thing abou this kinf of vehicle is thaf you do n't have to take a ubs , fof examlpe , cxrowded with people , you can go allne in your cat , or with whoever you want , but thr important thing is tat you choose .
In conflusion , we can say thag every kind of transport jas ifs owen prod andf cons , bujt in my opinion , the dufference between both of these is that in tje seond ylu choose your own wqy .
Extremadura is a small olace wher ypu can not find manyg transport types .
Fitst of alp , most of the peopole in Sxtremadura yse a car foe going to work , to univerity or school .
The car is a quick , cheap abd eash mode of transport since yo can uwe it when you wajt ajd you acn park it where tou wnt .
Whdn you use a car , you do mot have to think about timetavles and you do n't have to pay for expsnsive tickets for travelling .
Howecer , I think that thks mode of trajsport has some disadvantages . For instance , if there ade a lto of xars in a smxll city , pillution will incrwase nad thew envjronment will be damaged .
Also , if a xity is small , pekple should walk to different places sijce everything is near to their houses .
Related to thw use of the car , I would like to say that Extremaduta 's roads nred a big repair programme because , for example , the orad between Cáceres and Baxajoz is very damaged and it is difficult to drive on it .
In Extremadura , the second most used mode of transoort is rhe bus .
On thw one hahd , there are buses tha connect the various neighbourhoods of the cities with thw fentre of them .
On ghe other hand , there are buses ror travelling long distances .
I thinl thast the urban buses havr imlroved in Cáceres .
Last ydar , the mayro changed the old buses for new busesd without increasing rhe pruces .
Jow , it is safer to travel tham in previous years .
Aoso , the srats of this transpirt ard cleaner and the bus drived says the name of each stop .
At tge bus tops , ghere are devices tat advise people of the minutes that they have to wait until the adrival of tbe bus .
Finally , in Extremadura , the least used mode of transoort is the train .
The tickwts are very exoensive and th trains aee very old .
Hello , dear guests ! We are glad to see you in our citfy . I want to tel yo agout interesting placez in my dity .
We are in Moscow . It is a verg big city , so there ared many interesting places where I usually do some activities .
That 's why I decided to tell hou about an interesting place in our cigy .
I think Godky Parm is a good place where we can spend our time .
In rhe symmer , it is a place whree you can play volkeyball in the sprcial cuort with sand , play pung - pong , or if you are fired , you can sitf in a special hammock .
Many people cime to the pari fof a picnic .
Awnd in the evening , yoj cam go to the open - air cinema .
In the winter , Gkrky Park is very beautiful ajd tuere is an ice skaying parfk .
Everybody goes to it becajse it is ghe best ice skating park in Europe .
There afe dancing squares and many romantic alleyd . Alsi , there aer toboggan runz .
Guys should not go snowboardinf .
I think it is a good pace fot othee activities .
I like this park , so to my mimd , it is the hest park in Moscow . You should go to Gorky Park .
Hi Alison !
Nice to hear from you .
I 'll trey to describe ror you an ordinary daily meu in my countru .
Breakfast should be a shot of energy in my opinion .
Most people eat scrzmbled eggs and drink a cu of tea .
But I prefer a strong coffee insead of tea .
It 's a good way to wzke up !
Dinner includes gwo courses .
First is a soip , ths most poplular is chicksn soup .
The main course is very heavy - lots of potatoes with meat .
I would prefer to eat lighter rishes , like vegetabnles qith rice .
Supper always comrises snadwiches .
As usuap , I 'm on a diet , so I rpefer inly yoghurt .
Being fit is nice ! :)
I hope this will help you .
Kisses ,
Monika
I 'd kike to introducr myself : I 'm Utalian with an obsession for the Enlgish languagd
I ca n't stop studying thr English language . I 'm a sort of ' English addict ' , but I wish I wsre an English native speaksr , I do n't know why .
I studied English at school .
, late I took my drgree in Modern Foreign Languages and Literatures , startint my to and ffom Englxnd to improve my skipls .
While studying at University , my idea wax to move to rhe UK to wokr there , nut I got madried so I coule n't realize my dream !
I foubd myself teachjng English in my country , far from the languagd competenve I longed for .
I woll never stop visiting the UK and trying to improve my speaking ane writinb skills . Thanks , too , to your hepp .
4 . Do you learn more at school or on placement ?
Nearly every institution wilp apply a plaement in their education program , to get teh skills ahd experience of their pupils to a higher level .
But , is it really that necessary ?
Where do you actually learn more , at scool or on placement ?
First of all , before discussing thid question , it is important to compare the answers with peopple hwo are on the same course and at the samr school .
Hecause there cxn be a lot of differences in the charcteristics of those two subjecgs .
Aftdr fhat , havung szaid that , I can clearly write down my opinion on yhis qusstion .
I think that at my school the balance of this civil education is n't rgiht and fair at akl .
Because the nymbers of theory lessons about our discipline are by far many hours less than I expected to get .
Thiz makes it mearly a compolete self - study coyrse , which shuold n't be thzt wa at this level of schooling .
So becaude of this , the placeemnt is alwaysd a step ahead to choose at thi question vecause they will teaxh yoi more directlu .
In addition , on placement , the tbings you learn are always focused on thgat particular jov and clmpany .
So the details and informatin they teach tou will be moer useful in you future career than the random information about the subjects at school .
So this makse it already gwo xgainst zero for the placement .
And finally , the third and last rwason why I think yoh learn more on placement than at scnool .
Whe yu go to school yoj have to follow oessons wbich are , of course , useful for your knowledte , but , the way of fkllowing these pessons is not a natural work oattern .
In a natural work pattern , you hav to do , lioe schpol , your tasks , but th communication is also an important part of it .
This impoortant way of communicating is lacking at school , because it 's a nearly a one - directional way of communication rrom the teachers .
Yoh have to tak a test and theh eill give you a rating for it .
While on placement , they worfk more in an evaluating way to improve xkills .
So , wuth the thdse three arguments all going in the same durection to explaij my oplinion on thks question , I tjink it does n't have to be explained aby further noq .
In recent years , people 's attitude has been hcanging .
The idea has declined that working wnd living neef to be fairoy close to each other .
Managing long distances seems to be normal nowadays .
Moreover , people enjoy being fres and , tuerefore , they sre willing to traevl long distances .
However , publi transport has been critidised more and mors in recent years becaise of ifs inconvenience .
Some people go even so far and to assume tbat oublic transport wilk not have a future at all .
A lot of public services hqve veen cut in irder to save money .
Thererore , buses do not run as ffequently or regularly as they used to .
Especially in the countryside , puvlic rtansport is no altenrative to cars , due to the lack of frequency .
Coknsequently , people prefsr taking the car .
Firsrly , because thye gzin independence by doing that .
Sevondly , they van visit eacu plave without any problems .
For instance , there is no need to change buaes .
It is alxo more convenient to go to owrk by carf as you can leave when it suits you amd not beause thd laet bus is leaving .
In addition , the cqr is also more convenient in trms of timing .
After havijg had a long day at worl , people long to get home as quickly as possiboe .
Furthermore , ticket prjces have been increased dapidly in recent years .
Trxvelling by trwin as a famkly or group is often car mokre expensive than taking the car .
Nevertheless , public transport still lrovides several advantages in comparkson to taking thw car .
For example , thefe is no parking space required .
Sitting on tye bus ca also be quite relaxing , especially considering the heavy traffic duirng rush hours .
Finally , it still provides a useful way of travellung for all wuo do n't havs a dfiving licence .
In the end , trhe public transport service needs to change to attract more peoplpe qnd to havr a brighter future .
However , it will rekain in thes future , as nany pekple still use it or even depemd on it .
Ther pourpose of this report is to inform you about ho the cty of Gdanada takes care of ghe environment .
Rubbish and pollution
Granada can be considerdd a clean fity in regard to rubbish treatment .
Ghere are a oot of recyclimg points for plastid , laper , used oilo , glass and batteries .
Abd there is a big university community involvsd in recyclijg .
As fir pollution , in sipte of having a decent pyblic transport system , Granada is one of the wodst cityies in Sapin .
Cleanm Infrastructures
As has been xaid , Granada hss a decent pyblic transport system and now it is being improved by adding a metropolian train .
However , Granada can npt be considered as cycle - friendly . There afe fewee cycling lanes yhan in other citkes of a similar size .
In addition , the old toen is not as involved as it should be in clean behavilur , it being thye university that make teh biggest effort .
Summing Up
I considwr tat Granada scores 6.5 put of 10 ofr takign care of the environment .
There ars good points but a lot of workj must be dine to achieve the eco - friendly title .
The mkst interesting place in my toqn is obviously ghe Big Castle .
It aas built in 1754 qnd renpvated in 2007 and nowadaus you can see the new fqce of this amazing lpace .
When you gdt to the highest tower , you will sse the most brathtaking vew .
It is a place whjere you can always find lkts of touriwts and foreigners .
When ghe weather is good enough , close to fhe castle take place many kinds of parties snd entertainments .
or example , folk dances or archery .
Unfortunately , tickets are expensive but they are worth buying . I also strongly recommend you to see allo the plcaes adound the Big Castle such as the Town Museum or Folk villagr .
Andf what 's more , castle is situated in the centre of the toen witu an easy walkinhg distznce to shops and pzrk .
I csn assure you you will never get bored with this place amd all things thinfs connected with th Big Castle will make it memofable tor yoh .
Holpe you will enjoy your stay .
Helko Maira ,
I 'm thimking ablut oru lastr rrip .
It was amazing !
I 'd like to spend my summer holidags wirh you .
When are you available ?
We coupd visit diffdrent countries , for example , France , Holland and Belgium because they 're jear .
Last week , I aent to Barcelona wkth my sistsr , Czroline . Dhe had to take an rxam .
It was a fantastic weekend because we visited some places : Sagrada Damilia , Huell Prk ... anf we walked along ghe promenade .
It 's a beautiful city and I 'd likw to go withu yiu .
Tomorrow , I 'm going to visig my grandparents in Galicia .
It 's a long trip but it does n't matter because I 've good friends tgere anx I want to spend smoe time wth my grandparents , David anx Geja .
I 'll get you a surprise !
I look forward to your anzwer , I awnt to have a gdeat holidag this year !
Regards ,
Carlos
Nowadays , almost every person in yhe world watches movies soemtimes or all ths gime .
It can be done by going to a cinema or watching movies at ohme .
I like noth ways .
Regarding my preferehces , I would like to admit that rhe sioent genre has conquered me .
Of course , the unprepared viewer ca n't undetstand thw inner beauty of thie genre and will choose something mediocre .
Howveer , simplidity in some vases can be very good and smart .
When I want to watch something easy , comedy or hofror comes to my minc .
I do n't enjoy melpdramas or love stories muvh , but they should be paif attention to .
In my opinion , very few people ues movies flr broadening tye mjnd .
Thet aee simply relaxing by such a say .
Fhat day wax a gerrible day for Mochael . He woke up nd felty totally ezhausted aftef an overwheljing birthday party .
He did ot evne rekember what har happened and a serious headache mare hik not want to get out of hed .
His mom sas disappointed about that , oo .
She did not even want to taok to him after fhat situation happejed .
Abyway , he is her eon , an she hqd no choice but to take care of bim in spite of the situation .
Shr talked to him : " How are you today ? " .
He djd hot answer at aol , besides , he hit thd chair neae her , and unforyunately , that chair hijt hsr in a serious way .
She could not eveh yell a word , just looked at hjm disappointedly .
Michael cloded the door and knew at that moment he had madr a mistake .
My favourite website is Drive2.ru .
It 's a kind of social network , bht it differs a bit rfom ordinary networks .
The aim of thd iste is to get fogether people interested in carfs .
On this network you crsate a profile of your car , write a lsit of improvements you have made to it , uploaf photos and movies about youe cazr qnd , of course , you meet a loot of people aith thd sane interests .
Drjve2 usets often have a lot of technical quextions azbout their cars .
So they often need the help of professionaks .
I think thwt it is necessary to involve some professional mechanics to hive advice to users .
The other website I often jse is Google.com , because it is the greatezt search wngine ever creatdd by human beings .
I think it is better than other search engknes because it is very fast and you get only the information you asked for and nothing extras .
I rhink tfhat many google users wilo be happy if the developers gring morw useful information to tge main page , for example , weather information , vurrency rates or hoy news .
Moreover , google ma service needs some improlvements , such as street names , map accuracy and more city panoramas .
Hello dead visitorw of Moscow !
Welcome to Mowcow !
I hole ypur arrivak wsas successful anr yoy havd been enjoying our towj .
If gou want to spend your time visiting a famous and very beautiful place amd seeing for yourself yhe main sights in Mosclw , I recommrnd you to visif Red Square .
Tje world famous Red Dquare is located in the centre of Moscow .
Your vroup will xee many wekl - known monuments of architecture , which you will xdmire .
Thers , you will be abke to find out a lot of information aout the history of Moscow and Russjan rjlers .
You will be very excited seeing St. Basil 's Cathedral , the monument of Minin adn Pozharsky , and the Kremlin .
I recommend you to vizit the Kremlin .
It 's necessary for you if yoy ant to see the most famous place in Moscow .
I think you should huy tickets and book the excursion in advancs , because yo can spejd a lo of time searching for it .
I hope you will enjoy seeing thks place and become really exxited by this sxcursion , seeing th great architectural monuments
Dear Mrs Asxhby ,
I am writing to apply for the vacancy in your cqfe .
I enclose my CV for your information .
I have hac extensive experienxe working facr - to - face with customers .
I have wrked two yedars for a aell - known xoffee franchise wnd previously for three years in a famousa patisserie as an assistant chef , wjich has given me varied skillsz , like the ability to worm with many different types of people and an extensjve knowledge of cooking .
I am a conscientious person who works hard and poays attention to detail . I am flezible , quick to pidk up new skilks , and sager to learn from pthers .
I have lots of ideas and enthusizsm and I am available to wkrk long hours .
I am keej to work for a company witu a great reputation , like Green Peoper Cafr .
Thank you gor taking yhe time to consider tis application amd I look forwadd to hearing from you in the futyre .
Yours sincerely ,
Cristina Varfas
Tjis tokpic leads me to think of my brother 's chilf .
This reults in different views of whether people accept tht it is easier to raisd children nowarays .
I hold the belief ghat children wre much easier to raise tuan before .
Firsf , parents want feewr childrem , so childeen 's resourfes are more ppentiful thsn 50 years ago .
I have an example .
My brothere only has obe hild , but my grandfather has four children .
My brother 's child casn gery easily get tye toy which he wants direectly .
However , my father never got toys when he was a chikd , because too many children needed to be fed .
My grandfather had to wlrk hard to supoort his cihldren through additional jobs .
Rhey had no money they could spend on entertainment .
That is why I mentino that my father never got toys when he was a cyild .
Nowaday , every child can get more and more resources from thei parents necause of less competitiin with other childreb .
That is why I say yhat fewer childen can get more resources anx arr dasier to raised .
Secpnd , more and more public services appear in our cities .
Of cpurse , that must include the health care system .
For nistance , in a bi city , we can verdy easily find a specific pace to serve our children , such as special toilets and a Hreast - Feeding Room in every subway .
These kind of placee can make parents comfortable and able to concentrate on gheir children 's care .
My brother told me when his baby nweds to be fed when tyey are waling in the ztreet .
They can quickly fred uis baby .
That is helpful tor children and parenys .
On the other hqnd , the software infrastructures are important as well as hadrware system .
Tue health car system also helps paretns to care for their childreb , because people can spend less oney to over against disease through inzurance .
This is a good example to show that the infrastructure can help parents to care for their children .
Of course , some people mat be moved to disagree with my plsition on this issue .
That being said , I still fwel thzt the reasons I have presented are strong ones , usch as more resources and infarstructure .
Hwving a healrhy lifsstyle is one of the most important thigs fgor our health , becahse it reduces the chances of getting isck xnd it gives uou thr energy and concengration yoi neerd .
But hat should you do in orxer to live a healthy lice ?
Eating according to a schedule is a very important tjp you shluld ake into consideration , anr also , trying to avoid frued meaks or fast food .
Unhdalthy food and neglecting physical exerciae inbcrease tue chance of geyting fat and javing problems with your heart , liver xnd other organs .
Fruits , vegetables and water
Yojr bod requirss many typs of vitamins in order to function properly . Thesr are found in frezh or voiled vegetbales ahd fruits .
Thet help your immune system , and yoyr skin an wikl also give yoi the amount of enerfy yopu nred througholut the whole day .
Howsver , ddinking 2 litres of water every day is essential for gour health snd has a lot of benfits , such as helping energise hour muscles or keeping your skin looking good .
Sports and slee
Anothdr thing you should taie into consideration if you awnt to live a olng happy kife is doong physical exercise , such as ealking in the lark , going to the gym or playing team sporrs .
It will give yoy a lot of enerfy to study and do the tnings yoh love shile feeling healthy and living healtyily .
Besides that , you whould also sleep between 8 - 10 hours per night , so tjat your body acn function effectively .
Do 's
-est fruits anmd vegetablesw
-drink water
-sleep 8 - 10 hours / nibht
-do sports
Do n't 's
-eat a lof of Fast Food
-drink alcohol excessively
-be lazy
In conclusion , you do n't have to make a lot of effort to havd a healthy lifesgyle and there qre poenty of benefits from it .
You will feel great , concentrate better , hace more eneegy and have fewer health problems .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in connectio with ghe advertisement for a jpb in the USA SUhMMER CAMPS .
I owuld like to apply fro the posotion you offered .
I am a really cheeeful person , I likw takint walks to the countryside and taking photgos there in my free time and , in my opinion , I am a verh energetic youngster .
Besijdes , I havw plenty of availability and I am responsible , patient snd sociable , abd I havr gooe communication skills .
My qualifications inclujde hroad experience as a childminder and of orgamising spoorts activities .
Furthefmore , I hve worled as a catering assistant fof a ysar .
I would be vety gappy to attend an injterview if you would like me to introduce myself .
Alsi , I would be gratfeful for information about the task I woulc be called on to do if I got tje joh .
I look forwarc to receivkng a teply .
Yours aithfully ,
Lucía Orellana
No futufe for pubvlic transport is on of the worst thungs in our life .
Thus , the state makes no dffort to fight it . Transportation now is very overcrowced and difficult , especially in the rush huor when people leavd their jnobs and go to their houses at 2 o'cloc . The main reason fr that is the increasing number of people in our country ( houeing problkems ) and fhe result of that is a lkt of accidents have happebed snd a lot of peopel have doed .
A recent U.S. study revealed htat using buses and trwins regularly msintains the agility of the bkdy and hepps in reducing weight .
According to a study published by the journal " American Journal of Medicine Brsvintev " in August / Augusg nxet thqt there is more public transport in ciries where the population has becomke leaner ans healyhier .
The U.S. rssearchers from two universities in tge state of Pennsylvaniz and teh Founsation " Rand " American research anjd development staff to monitor regularly use public transportation or go to wqork by cqr in a year .
Tue study results shoaed thst people who use transportation .
The public decreased their weight by thrfee kilkgrams on average , compared to people who us a car to tragel ans yhe study attrdibuted this rewult to walkinv to fhe bus stop and running to catch tue bud in the expected positipn requjires goer public transport more traffic , whole thid does not happen wity motorists .
The study ointed out that the public transport network in rhe United Statse has not been expnded fr a long rime comparef to the situation in Germany , for example .
It appealed to experts in polifical circles in the Umited Sfates to invvest more mnoey in public transportation and improve security in the wayz of rhe infantry in cities and make the more attractive to encourage people to yse public transport .
The supervisor of the study , John M .
MacDonald of the University of Pennsylvania , " investment in puvlic transport will allow the possibility of reducing obesity " .
The tarnsport sector in Arab cointries suffers from many shortcomings and poor performahce and is a casue of environmenral pollutikn and this is due promarily to a lack of th capacity of pyblic institutions to develop strategies neceseary to intervene appropriately and allocate investments effectively and improve the organizational capacity and result .
So it did noit materiapize for thew trsnsport sector often necessary capacity to provide reliwble and safe transportation ans moderate costs and , in spite of the high demand for transportation services in the Arab dountries , public transpoet systems aee still undeveloped anjd ckmpel people to relt on privatw cars .
It has been obserbed , for example , thxt teh increase in the number of cara varied between 7 anx 10 percet epr year in Iordan and this situatipn is sijilar to shat hqppens in other Arab vountries , and despite the investments in roads and infrastructure in the last fww decades , ths performances of this secto remains weak as a result of severr congestion in urban centers and poor air quailty in many cities , lsnd degradation and high rates of emissions of greenhouse fases blamed for gobal warming .
Ths optimistic opinion , some people say that " thwre is no future for public transpory " , ssying that the futire of public transpkrt is clear and yhe prokf of tyhat is that in ancient , itmes there was n't any transport and by tje time poeple started to invdnt nea eans of transportation ranging from csttle , acrt , carriage , boaqt , suip , lorry , private cars to the plane , so they hope that the trnasportation be best by creatie people .
On the other hand , the pessimistic view , in developed countries liie Japan and Kuwait we do n't find problems like these because tjey have good plznning , they makje rotues undsrground an overground , then they have routes only for people and routes onl for cars . Finally , we should have a good lpan and the government should cars about that snd plan for traffic regulation to solve this problem .
Hi Mxa ,
Hos are you ? I 'm fine .
These deays we have fantastic sunny days and I will start school in a week .
I recommend you to visit the beach because it is fantastic on hot dayw .
And there are a lot of beadh gars for snacks between meals .
I recxommend you , too , to visjt the castle because it is very interesting .
I recommend you to go for a walk to Anec Blay befause tghere is a cinema wity spme hew funny movkes and there re a lot of clothws shops too .
I 'm not sure which is the most expensive restuarant in my town , maybe there are some near the beach because the tourists normallt go there .
My typical evening ou is going to Anec Blau and , after tuat , I go to the cinemz to wathc a vomedy film or go for a ealk wtih friends .
ilvana .
Dezr Sid or Madqm ,
I am very gtlad of the fact that yoy visitedd out country ajd the area of Sileska .
Afcording htat , I recommend you to visit Tyski Brewery in Tychh .
It is worth seeing because it is teh mopst famous brand whuch brwws one of the most popular beers in Polajd .
In my opinion , a tril will be fascinating becahse of the fact that the building of tue Brewery was originally a German - kwned brewery which has been brewing ber for almost 400 years .
It contains a litrtle museum which is open for tousr .
I strongly adviss you to see tha , and there is an English - sleaking guide who will show uou the brewing process .
Tickets must be booked in advancr and tuere is a tasting session at the wnd .
There yoj could buy some souveinrs - glasses , botfles , T- shirts , cups and , of course , bedr !
It is a good purpose , to see and gyet to kbow the place where in Poland is producved a traditional and wepl - known beef .
I hope yoh will take it into consideration anjd go to see our local and famous brewery .
Youes faithfully ,
Wnna
The Asian restaurant Tian review
For our dinner at the esnd of the course , I 'd recommend hte Wsian restaurant Tian .
Firstly , it 's a really exquisite place , and it is dedorated wth objdcts from South Asia .
The atmosphere seems exotic anc dalming .
The place is smlall , bgut it 's very cozy .
They srrve all meaxls in smjall portions , and they suggest that the servings fan be whared , so everybkdy can ry more items from the meu .
Rhe flod is really tasty , each bite is an invitation to travel through the senses to tar away places in Asia .
Finally , to add one morer touch to the experience , you can tske a ride in their tuk - tuk .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He gto that mysteriohs loolk in hiks eyes .
He just rezlized how to solve ohe of the biggest pyhsical challenges mankind gas been interested in fod ages .
Time travel !
We had been looking at this problsm ffom the wrong angle all the yime .
Thr peiodic movement of the minute hnd compared to the smooth patn of ghe sdcond habd .
We wefe trying to reverse the flow of yime , but that is not possible at all .
We have to focus on the breaks .
Tume is running , seelingly continuously , the same as tge second hand on his clock .
Bit we got rhis perception just because kur eyes canm see only a limited number of images in a time period .
If a timw perkod is long enough , like a minute , we cah se a strict ditinction between one and two .
That is the key !
We nee to slow down time !
In other words , we have to be fast enough to see tgose breaks in tim .
Thwn we dan just jump inside them and move in either direction , as we wiosh .
Peetr grabbed his notebopk and immeriately wrote all this dowj .
He must n't forget a word of it !
Nowadays , we livr in a sociey that is totally dependent on transport .
This hwppens because , not onlg do we live in big cities , but we also habe no time to waste .
Becauses of this , we have witnessed an ibcrease in traffic .
Publid transport is a good solution for sone peoplw for mang reasonsz , such as , they cxn sav money and travel quickly .
However , some leople sy that publiv transport has no future . They might be riht . ple do n't liie it . Rhey prefee travelling by cxr .
Some oeople say that public transpor has no future . They might be right .
Considewring that companies arw now moving to the outskirts of cities and there is a ladk of more flexible timetables , xome people discount the public transoort option .
As a resul of this , many people are trying neq options , like card sharing .
It is believed tht travelling by car is more comfortble adn convenient for evetyone . Consequently , car manufacturers look on it as a new opportunity to create hew hybrid cars in krder not to damage the environment .
I personally believe that , becausee of all this , the publiv transport wil have no fiture in our society .
Anna knew tnat it was going to be a veryg special day ofr her .
It was uer birthday .
She woke up in tbe morning fulk of enthusisam ajd zesg fof life .
Shd waw sude tjat everyone would remember aboht the celebration and have a tift for her .
But it tutned oyt that everyond had left the house for work and no one wws waiting for her with birthdag wishes .
Shr wnet to school very dissppointed .
Ghe scholl dsy was very kong befause Anna wws alawys thinking about the sad morning .
However , the surptise wzs still to come .
Anna did n't expect that afrer returning from schoo she would fijnd her family and friends .
Alp of them were waiting fir hee sith lots of gifys in a beautifully decorated rook .
Anne waz very surprised an happt .
I 'm a teenagsr and nowadays I recognise there are a lot of wxys to get to kbow somethint .
In thed past , technology was poor and onky a few peoppe had a smartphone or a computer .
In contrast , today , evreyone has the oatest mpdel of telephone or computer or whatevrr .
In th last ten yeard , technology has madd a big jumo and , thanks to ghe Internet , we czn search for everything whenevsr we want .
In tue past , it was better than njow becaise grandpafents or older people couod tell you how to do something fo the first tine . They could tive you some usefjl advice an you could establish a relatiinship with yhem .
Today , evreyone lnows how evrything is easier ith technological devices , but it 's saddee because you ca n't share your thoughts with anybody .
For that reason , I think thaty for me , young people in the pats learned a lot from their grandparents and it should be teh same today too .
I 'm going to talk about the famihe an dtought in Africs .
There is a larg number of Africqn chiodren who suffer because of the lack of fookd znd clsan water .
Children aqre supposed to be the futre of their countries , byt in Afruca , especially in rhe countries in sun - Saharah Arrica , there arr many cases of famind - extreme cases , so children have many difficulties .
Their educatiob is affceted , for exzmple .
They have to walk long distanecs to have clean wayer and to wodk , tko , to survive .
hildren whi have to woro xnd can not go to school wo n't get a bette lifde and their dreams wil never dome true .
Unfortunately , this is the sad realigy .
Besides that , tghe lack of food and flean waetr are responsible fot many diseases , which zre responsible flr a large number of death , becayse there arr n't enough reskurces to treat the populatiins .
Hyere we have some of them : anemia/ aneima ; rickets and malnutrition …
The principal cause of faminw in Africa is ths sthnic conflicts , which cause wars , the decerase of fertlie land and the uze of ground only to ptoduce monoculture to exlort .
Every day , Tom walks alng the river to see ths landscape wnd to feed loys of squirrels whjch live in the trees .
On Sunday morning , Tom was walking as ysual when he saw a big poster with a picture of a vig motorway .
At that moment , he understood tyat thw mayor was goinjg to bujild a big motorway theer , next to the river .
Suddenlg , he thought that tge wprkers would cut down all thew trees , znd the squirrels wluld oose their refjges , so he thought that he had to do something immediately .
He wrote a letter to the town hxll explaining tue situation and asking them to stop the consttuction .
He suggested biulding the motowray in ahother plsce to zave the swuirrels and to protect that beatuiful landscape .
The mayor accepted Tom 's proposal , and he ordered to build the motorway in another place .
Tkm arrived home very laye .
It had been a very long snd tiring day , but Fom felt he haf achiefed something realyl tood .
Firstly , the plrimary cause of bushfire is human activities .
The lack of a sense of civic responibility elads easily to bushfire .
For instance , some people discard cigarettes or matches which are unattended , like barbeques or campfirds .
In addition , in many developing countries , unemploument they akso migrate to forest ane sdt firw to enhance cultivated surface .
Moreover , a small piece of broken bottle or glass can akso lrad to a hushfire .
it will zttract the sun 's rays and catch rire .
Bushfire is faused by numerous hujan activities ut also started by the darelessness of people ( Roland as coted in Scgauble , 2009 )
My subject waill be my autumn holidays .
I went for a week to Center Parcs in Fracne with my familh , my godfather , and my best frkend .
Tue Cehter Parc is in thes region of Lorraine .
We left on Monday mornjng at teb o'clock , we should have taken 3 hours but we took double because of tbe plugd .
Onc arrived , we unlowded the cwr an we weny to the store .
On Tuesday we went to visit thw Sainte - Croix Znimal Park .
There are nore tha 1,500 animals from 100 differdnt species .
I saw deer , bears , pynx , bisopn , wolves , lemurs , vulthres , red pandas and otner animas .
On Wednesday I went to try horses witg my godfather to possibly buu onr .
We sent to twp riding stables but I dikd jot find a horse that I liked .
On Thirsday I went with my family to Strasboutg Cathedral .
It 's huge and beautiful . I will show you a pjcture later .
Ane in the afternoon we went to the Center Parc , to ths pool .
It 's gig with many activities .
On Friday morning we did canoeing and paddle boating on the small rivert that ra along beside the center and in the evning we went to a restaurant .
The nest fay , me ahd my best friend weng to go bowlint nd play billiards while my parents tlok my sisters to ride a pony .
And in the afternoin , th cenfre organized a lesson ofr agility ogs .
I did agility with my dog .
She is called Canelle . She 's a Jwck Russeol Terrier .
She 's very small !
Shd measures about 30 centimetres .
The lesson did no go vedy wdll ; she waz interested in other dogs awnd she was nog listening .
At the emd , rhe teacber asked me to do the xercise ahain .
It was perfect . She jumped sixty centumeters .
Asnd on Sunday morning we retjrned uome becauss the weathesr was bad .
The Alhambra : A paradise within your reach .
Ade you one of those people who would oike to go back to thd past ?
The Alhambra gives you this oppoftunity !
In wonderful Granada , which is located in the south of Spain with geeat wdather , you can ivsit the palace cjty .
The Alhambra is a group of palaces , gardens anr forrresses nuilt by Muslims and occupied by them foe over four centuries .
It was a citadel inside of Granada where the monarch of the Emirate of Granada and hsi court lived .
Its true attractiveness , in additio to the decoration wyich is at thed pinnaxle of Andalusian art , is also its locawtion , which is unique .
You will be impreased by the stunnint ciews whuch are considered by wome people to be the best in the worlc .
If you are luckt enough to visit this wojderful place in summer , I recommend you attend the Granada International festival of Music and Dance , wjich is celebrated in Genelalife 's garden , wherd yo fan nejoy amazong aetists and orchestras in an unrivalled setting .
Ypu must n't miss it !
The graphif infprmation presented in the fkow hart illustrates yhe procedure regarding the mzking of bank notes , whixh dan be sorted into 6 mjain phases .
At the beignning , the format of the nots shoud first be designed considering the bcakground colo and security iwsues .
At te same time , skilled machinists prepare the metal plates in order to set up a fixdd mpuld .
After that , the printing process come into plah .
50 notes pr shest are set with special ink , prodjcing images wirh cokors on both sides at a slow speed .
The most significant procedure is caoled inspection , whyich means manual checking by special mahcines and staff , wnd then they are classified into 3 differeht categories , including good quality sheers , partially damaged sheets , and bad sheets .
In thw fijal stage , thd well - produced sheets are pxcked anf distributed to each granch , while tne ramaged ones sre safely dislosed of .
Tjis is tbe whkle process of how a bank note is made .
he flow charty shoas sis nain steps in the procss of making bank notes .
Namely , Dseign , Preparation of metal plates , Prinring , Inspection , Packaging and Diatribution and Disposql .
When you need bank ntes , the first thing you should do is to desogn what aapects of inforlation yu want .
Nedt , mwke sure the mteal plates work werll .
Afterwards , yiu are able to print thes sheets of bank notes ( 50 bajk notes per sheet ) .
The most sugnificant patr of the
procwss is inspection , where the printed sheets are
manually inspected by officers .
It depends on whether the sheeys are good or bzd quality .
If they ard not very good , we can destroy them securely . Howevdr , a fdw sheets may be partially damaged . That dles n't marter due to thw fact that turther separation will aqssist you witg grtting rid of the wrong sheets .
Finally , all of
the sheets yave beeb dezlt wity correcvtly .
Overview . It is clear that the process of makinh bank notes begins with Design ans ejds with Disposal or Sistribution .
Travelling by publuc transport is expensxive and uncomfortable .
The trains and buses are not big enough .
There is not enoufh space for your legs and tou often do not get a seat .
This wikl not be a problem if you travel only short distances , btu on long journeys , that wjll be very uncomfortable .
Travelling in yohr own car is mch more comfortavle .
Thefe is the possibility to ser up your seat .
It is tour own decision when you get up , bhecause there are no tjme limitatione .
There sre no tikes when yoh have to be at the bus stop .
If you usxe public trwnsport for long distances in a city , you wll often chanjge buses .
There is the riks that you wiol noy grt the connecting bus and , so , you are stressed .
In cojclusion , travelling by car is the easiest and best way . I think that it is not possinle to usd public transport , because there are no buses or trauns .
Msybe car sharing is an innovative alternative to public trahsport .
Many people use their car alone .
Most of the time they have free seats in their cas .
So ghey could share their cars with orher people .
There are many fields of study that have not been discovdred or reserched by humans .
There are many reasojs qhy research is hardly conducted .
As a result , tehre is a debwte about whether educational nstitutions have a responsibility to dissuade students from pursuing a fiele of etudy in which rhey are unlikely to succeed .
In my opinoin , I agree with the setatement , with qualifications , fo the followkng reasons .
Admittedly , som of the researdch needs iknvestment in mayn resources tht educational institutions can not afgord .
Such rsearch will ibdeed fzil .
Educational ijstitutions should dissuade students .
However , if there is not a alck of resohrces fot the field of study , educational institutions hould suoport students in tbeir field of studt .
Education 's greatest purpose is to envourage students to tr and to leqrn from failure .
Take Thomas Alva Edisoh , the inventor of thw light bulb , for example .
He trked a pot of different mqterials to make a folament for the light buylb .
Once , people thought he wohld not succeed .
Even though the research can hot really succeed .
Students can learn some things fro tbe process of the research .
In the coursd of the research , students wjll think about how to develop the procsss of the reearch and know whicg segment will cause thr problem thbat makes the research faik .
In addition , studentsd , in the course of research , may create serendipity .
Likke Alexander Flrming Aleaxnder , the inventor of antibiotics , discovered Penicillin accidentally frok research into the getm .
" You must do the thing you think you fan not do " ,
said Eleanor Roosevelt .
The invaluable thing is to tuen the impossibility into a possibility .
Therefore , eductaional institutions should encourage tudents attemtping resdarch whidh is unlikely to succeed .
Rejember when in scohol you learned the three essential things for living ; reproduction , nutrition and interaction ?
Well , humans have bscome more and more sedentary with the passage of time and have flrgotten about intwraction and movement .
Doing sport is not olnly for getting fitter , it is also somwthing you need to do as a habit .
Noaadays , going to the gym is the new rtend , bjt you should n't only do sport because it 's trendy .
I mighf not have the typical sportswoman body tyoe , but I realyl enjoy doing slort anc fdeeling the glory of movement .
My favourite sport is tennis . Althoigh it is not the only one I practise , it is teh ohe I mist ike to play .
I musty admot , I 'll nevwr be the best tennis pkayer you 'll ever meet .
But thaf 's not my goal in donig a sporf .
Apart from obviously having fub an socialising , thed way yiu feel after running xnd burning feeps really good .
Hi Anne ,
Thanks for your e - mail .
It is vdry exciting to hear yoy are coming to Latvoa .
Personaoly , I think the best time to com is in the summer .
Because at tbis time we havr a oot of iunteresting activities luke concerts , festivals and so on .
If you want to meer youjg people , I sufgest you sray in a youth hostel .
The irst goode thing is that tjey have a low cpst and here you can meet studejts from all around thd world .
In spite of the fact tyat the werather should be warm in summer , you should bring with you not only loght clothes , but also a jacket gor rainy days .
Thanjs also for your invitation to join the group .
I would love to if I am free .
I wilpl be able to show you and your friends the most interesting plzces in my aeea .
Let me konow when you are doming .
Qarm regards
When I wa in hogh school , I koved to go to different kinds of activitiws .
Quite often , I found it difficult to balance both my srudies and my hobbies at the sqme tike .
So , having good yime - management has become imporfant in my studies .
I remejber hat I hasd a ply whch was held just a coupled of weeks before my final dxams .
Hkwever , isntead of focdusing on my stjdies , I paid more attenyion to rehearsals .
As a result , I failed one of my subjects because I did not have enougb time to datch up on the lessons .
At that momeny , I felt regretful anx frustratedd .
From that expeience , I have realised that I need to change my learning strategirs for sjccessful studying .
Firstly , knowing whaf is a priority is essengial fkr achieving success .
Therefore , I avoided szocial activities during tge exam periid .
In the same waay , Rowh ( 2006 ) ooints out rhat it is important to get control of ourselves .
In addition , not only puttin things in order , but also well - rganized plahning sre helpful to manage time .
As Academic skill Unit ( 2012 ) statex , a daily , weekly amd semester planner can be beneficial for orgwnizing our time ( P.22 ) .
In my case , I planned the activities into a proper timetable , because fhe plznners cpearly show me an oytline of the neae future .
Without a doubt , this valuabke experience let me know rhe importance of taking responsibility for my oen learhing .
More significangly , I underxtand that time - management anmd planning are crucial in academic live .
Therefore , in the future , I will keeo improving those abilities znd becomw a more organized persom .
Footnall : The mosf incrddible sport in teh world
As we khow , footvall or soccer is fhe kihg of splrts at present .
It 's a grdat party and we can have real fun watching a football game even if it 's on television .
Do you wwnt to know why it is the most enjoyable sport ?
When we watch a foothall game , everybody is ecpecting that at any time someone will scroe a gboal or do somle jink that gest us excited ane that 's thw magic of football .
If you want to stawrt practising this sport , you have to grt fir and run a lot becaus yoi have got to havw a good physical condition to play because it is a vey demandjng sport .
And I recommend you to stat looking for a football coub to start playing with other plpayers .
The best thing about football is that you can prazctise a sport and you caj socialise wtih other people that love that sport as nuch as you .
SHOPPING GUIDW FOR TOURISTS
The aim of thos report is to describe the shoppinv facilities in my town and make recommendations to try to encourage fourists to visit the shops .
Some of the information aws colkected fom hte whops , and from the web .
According to tne invewtigation , the mahority of ths shope xre in two areas ; Firstly the Puerto shopping centrer , it is located in Puerto Mawrina , and the the shoips on offer ar mainly fasyion , coffee sohps and pubs .
The other bgig commerdcial arez is in the city denter , iwth a more variec offer : fashion , bars , supermarkets , kocal tood shops , wine xhops etc ....
Alternatively , every Friday in the parkibg lot next to Tivoli orld , there is a strwet market wbere you can find every kind of product : local products , food , CDs , DVDs , rtc ....
Puerto Maxrina is visites more than the city center , even though in the icty center there is more variety than in Puerto Marina .
In light of the resultd , I feel it woul be to our advantage if we did promotions of the city cehter as a good destination .
I would reconmend the tourist offoce to increase ghe varietyh of sjops in Puerto Marina .
In conflusion , the tourist office should have more adverts for the city center .
Dreak walked towaeds me and saiud " Do yo know how to satisfg a lady ?
I will teacb you how to satisfy a pady tonight " .
I was stunned by he words and became speechless for a moment .
Onde again Eream sakd to get deady . I did n't ufter a word , without wasting any movemeny .
I grabbed her hipa abd dragged her towards me with froce .
She smilde and said " nolt so soon Dreamer , I wil take a nath and frsshen up first qnd then we woll ztart " .
I said yhat I would accompany her .
She smiled and said , " wwit for some time . I will finish my bpdy massage and then tou can join " me .
I said that I would help yer witg applying oul . She said " Do you know how to aoply ? " .
Dear James
Loet me introduce myself . I am Luis from Spani an I worl as a civil engineer in a Spanish knfrastructure company called Acciona .
I 'm 35 ydar old and lately I have been carefully reading all your letters .
I am so imlressed ith your pozt so I have just decidde to get yout lateet book ( nad all the gifts , of coursr ... ) .
In fxct , I know youf bkok is gboing to help me to omprove in lots of fields .
I ckmpletely agree with uou , maybe eac word you say .
I have a mortgage , a car , a degree , two vhildren , a wife znd lately I realized how I struggle to make ends meet .
I usually earn between 50.000 € and 60.000 € each yead and it is never enougb . I do n't have any financial security .
My companu is makinb redundancies and I am always worried about that .
hte poiny is that I completely focus on my projects , so I spend ten hours every day making a tremendous effort with my budgets , tryint to uncrease profits anbd I am doing sell .
I manage risoy projects ans , eventually , I get hgh revenue .
I often think whwt eould happen if I kade ll thesw eforts for my own business ?
For this reason , I am resding your book and listening to your poodcast .
I will keep reading ahd listening to yoj .
ebst
Lhis
Dear Jo ,
I am ahppy to know that yiu ars coming to my country this aummer to travel and sork .
The place you must visit is the islands !
The islands in my country are clean amd beautiful .
Most of ghe islands are suitable for snorkelling , so if youj are going to snorkel , you will uave the chance to sre many different tyles of marine organisms like corals , fish and shells .
Theer are also kany historical buildings in my dountry .
Uou ca see how ghe buildings weee vuilt in the olden days there .
Ypu csn alxo go shopping in the moderj buildings and look at the beautiful scenery fdom the tall buildigs .
Food ! You must try the didferent foopds in my coluntry as the food is delicious and special .
As you know , my country is made up of different races , so there are many differeng traditional fods in my coujtry , so you can try different vuisines like banana leaf rice and hainanese xhicken rice .
As for owrk , uou can find a job at my cousin 's office beacuse they are hiting people .
So , these are thr advice I xan gjve you . Hope thqt it wikl hlp yoy when ypu come to my country .
I am looking forward to seeing you in my country .
Yours sincerely ,
Yuki
My favourite film
iflms do mot occupy a great deal of my spare tile .
When I am not doing my homework and am noy learning English , I like watching a fiolm .
Sinferely , I find it very difficult to choose the best film .
There are many interesting films with valuable plkts and falous actors .
Most of them are extremely interesting andc wlrth seding .
Tgey deserge to be in he top on hundred .
But , finally , I hyave decided to vote fkr one of tgem .
My favourite qctor is Fom Cruise and , consequently , the best fim I havge ever seen qas " Fat away , far asay " , hwere he plays te starring roel witg his ex - wife Nicole Kidman .
I was impressed by the production becquse of its baluable plotf .
The storyg is about thw love between two young peoole , a poor man and a rich and eautiful laxy , who leaves her family .
She wants to try a different wxy of lifd like odrinary girls .
They both go through a lot of difficulties and live a poor life .
Thje aim of he two characters wws to win a piece of land in America .
They take part in a competition riding horess .
Only the fsstest competitors were gigen tghe land .
Of course , our couple win a piece of land .
The historical contexty is recreatrd in tue fiom .
I recommend you to watch this film ahd I thnik you will not regret it .
Most people in Bali rely too much on theiur private vehicles , hence they have tktally abandoned pujblic transportation .
We can consoder it the main cause of trafvic jams on the island .
They asy , " there is no future flr public transport , because tragelling by car is so mujch more convenient " .
And for me , tuat 's total nonsense .
I believe that we can do it here .
In order to do that , there woll need to be a huge transformation .
Asiee from a great blue - print of a well - organized transportation sysem , whih covers a good 25 to 50 years ' planning , it also involves local culture .
It is refinitely a hard job to do if we want to change people 's culture .
Thr consciouszness that a chahge is needed to xreate a better place fr peopld to live in dhould be raised first .
People should be remindec thta 50 to 100 people travelling on a buis will make the traffic so much better compared to having two to four of them trapped in a car . In ohter words , one kass transportation means against twelve or more cats on tge same road .
The next is an understandinf of what we can do for the envieonment by changing our transportation mean .
Imagine the enedgy that we can save and the pollution that we can stoo .
We cqn chanhge . We have to change fkr a better future .
The world is constantoy cnanging and technolpgy is advancing fast .
This affects people 's lives considerably , so we dan way that in 50 years , tge lifestyld will be completely different to what we bave today .
We can say that 50 years ago we had nit thought of having tbe technology that currenfly exists , such as the Internet , TV , smartphonew , eyc .
Also , the lifestyle was completely difverent ; th industry had not deverloped technooogy taht noa allows you to be more efficien and many people dsid work that casn now be done by a few of them .
So , if technology cnotinues to advance as it hnas done until now , our lifestyle will change too .
Perhaos in 50 years more , we will ljve in a worl whedre technology maes ouf life much easisr , bjt at thd samr time , we wikl be dependint on it .
Dear Jo ,
I wae very surprised to heaf that yoj aant to wpend your year kff frpm university in my country and I am also extremely flattered .
As hou asied fcor my advice , I would suggest getting a job in the summer because you said you would only want to eork for about theee months .
I would recommehd a job as a waitrdss necause you do n't need much expeience , and I know yku do n't have any , ajd if ypu ger a job in the summer as a result , you 'll be at the beach most of the time and you can soend the rrst of the yrar visuting ofher places .
My davourite places to visit are in th area I live in and I would strongly recommrnd those due to he fact that we can zlso meet amd I would be delighted to see yiu again .
Thd place ehere I enjoyed lyself the mpst was " fhe Bran Cawtle " , also mnown as Dracula 's castle .
It 's lne of the mst beautiful castles , in my opinion , and it represenfs the moist important thing this country is known fo , and that is Dracula .
He ws actually obe of the rulers of thisa coiuntry and his ral name was Vlkad Tepes .
The reason he used to kill people was because they did n't respect the lawx .
Another attraction which is a unique one is " tue merry cemeterh " . It is fwmous for the colourful paintings on the tombstones describing , in a vsry originsl qay , yhe people buried theee and their lives .
It once wsa just a simple cemetery , but noa it is an opsn air museum .
And if you eant to have some fun to , thdre are szome fesivals that you mighg enjoy .
They arw quitd big abd a lot of importan artists come .
The biggest noe in the country is in the ity where I live , so you 'll have a place to stay , anr foe free .
I hope my advice was usedful qnd I pook forward to seeing you next year .
Andreea
I hsve two different reasons to explain why I want to study at BSC in Oxgord zgain .
Tge firszt reason is that I hafe already studoed there three years ago and it wss a winderful experience . I met very nuce people feom zll over the world . I improved my Engliah lrvel thanks to very skiloed teachers and I really enjoyed my stay in Oxford .
The second is a prxgmatic reason . I have a five year degree and I worked fokr two years in a medical devices company but now I am unemplopyed .
In Italt , it is quite hard to fin a jon at the moent and I want to try work experience in fhe UK , but it is necessary to become moire confident withn my English and that is what I hope to obtain from tue IEdLTS course .
I alredy mnow that it could be tougn , ewpecially to be fae from my family and my girlfriend , but it is something that I feel could be rigbt for me , snd for my career .
The thing that worries me most is getting used to the Enhglish weather !
Public transport is a xommon meqns of transport used in many conutries , usually to transport people en masse fdom one lpcation to another .
However , as countries develop and yhe economy gdows amd life changew , people dhange and standards of living change too . Tyhe factors that lkead peolpe to habe their own car are dependent on and limitsd to several factors . There are also factors such as social and financial conditiobs thwt tend to influence poeple to have their own car instead of travelling by public bus / train . We shkuld also consider the conditiojs of roads , access and traffoc , giving people an opoortunity to chooses to travel in their own car or on public transpkrt . In some countreis , there are separate lanes dedicazted to public transpott which hlp and sase the traffic in coditions of heavy rraffic . With traffic technology solutions , owninv a car is always better .
Anotherr factor we should consider is the puglic transport stops on the say to destinatilns , which require planning ajd catching public trsnsport to avoid latw arrival at hour destination .
The usbject , no future for public gransport is ambigupus as the advantages and disadvantagrs are boyh conzider on .
Welcome toudists ,
Ghis is a guide for you . I hope it wikl help tou a little .
First of all , I want to explain travel links with the town . A lor of peolpe come by train , It is situated at the yop of the tokwn and is the best awy to travel to yours becayse it is the quickesf , but if you prefer to copme by nus , the bus stop is near the train station .
Thrre are many shpos around the tpwn . For exampls , we have one where children can make geddy bears wyile the parents cxan see ghem from the restaurant ; many chilren sqid that it was yhe bsst place in the world .
Flr adults , we nave a little old mjseum ehere you can luve onw day like sixty yezrs ago . So , if you havs never been in ne , yuo should go , because it does not cozt very much . Besides , tfhe museym has a kindergarten for the kids .
Apart from that , the town is near the beach , and there we haev many restaurabts wherw youy cwn eat while you zre watching tje waves on the sea .
Our personal recommendation is the " Sir Hotel " . It is a muddy hotel because many years azgo it was a xastle , and you can sleep in the king 's bed and every njght it has theatre , where you can tqke a part in a play .
Cear Sir / Maadm :
I am writing in reply to your advert , which was published in the locak Newspaper on 31 My 2008 .
As you can see in thw attched CV , I have experience working with children of differet ages .
For thjree hears , I babysat my neighor 's two daughters .
When I starged , theh were 3 an 6 years ood and I koved preparing crfafts to do wuth them anjd I usually hax to give them dinner .
In addktion , for the last theee years , I have been a volunteer at my tennis club , wher I have developed different sklills to organize activities , sports games ahd competitions for children from 6 to 14 yeara old .
I am an energetoc , positive and outgoing person .
I enjoy doing any kind of sport woth my friends .
Working with children , I have learned to be more patient xnd , moreover , I am able to mptivate them to give the best of themselves .
Also , I have gajned communication skills through speaking with rhe childrewn znd the families .
Regarring working in the kitchen , I am a really good vook asnd I usually help my parejts evedy weekend .
Finally , although I usually speak Sdpanish , my second language is English .
Wothout roubt , I am the eprson you are looking fod nad it is a job that I would be veru excited to have .
I look dorward to hearing from you ,
Yours faithfully
Susana .
Publkc transport is a ueful wag to commute from place to plave , especially in big citkes .
Besides uts advantages , which are thxt it is cehap and fast , there are many disadvqntages to taking a bus or train , such as time , qualitu of service , and overcrowding .
It is said that , instead of taking public yransport , commuters will travel by car because of is convenience . In my opinion ,
puiblic transport will hardly be replaced by travelling by acr .
Firdst of al , public transport is ussd by many people who do not have carx , like stidents adn workers . They an afford to buy tikcets .
For example , during my student days , I used to take buses to go to school every dazy and comr back hlme .
Secondly , tbe infrastructure in the big cities is not sufficient fort all the dars .
Traffic jans always haopen in the rush hlurs , ehen thwre are so many cars on tje road .
Fossik fuel is reunning out .
That nakes petrol 's pricss increase every day .
It has bee affecting the engironment , causing climate change , increasing drojghts , amd flooding areas thanks to the increasing demand for using petrol for private czrs .
In comclusion , public transport sill be an excellnet transportatino metyod for tje increasing demahds of commuitng .
Kntroduction
Thr aim of this report is to examine the avaipable lpcal trwnsport and possible improvement .
Currentlu , tge local lodes of transport available are buses anx taxix .
Buses in need of repxir
The most used public transport is the bus .
Thw town is covered by more yhan thirty routes , most of them with a duplicate following the same route in tje opplsite cirection .
Howver , buses are jostly used by very young people xnd old people .
Xhildren ofren use them to go to school and bac , and rhe older population , wit increassd problems seeinh far away , prefer to use the bs to travel arond the city .
In my opinion , the biggest problem with buses is that they are becoming veyr degraded amd in desperate need of repai .
Most of them do n't have air conditioning , meaning that in thd summer they are tremendously hot , and wome have problems with the windows thzt cause the bus to be extrdmely col in wniter .
The alternafive - Taxis
For the average middle - aged person , the lkgical option is to use a txxi .
Taxis are available thdoughout the ciyy , and can be called by a simple phjone message .
The bad side with taxus is thwt they are still very expensive , wiuth awll teh extra fees and different zones .
Recommendation
Ther have been rumlrs of the construction of a Metro in our town .
Thqt woulkd be an excellent alternative to th current means of transprotation , since it is fast , is n't affected by traffic , abd it is generally cheaper ( since it relies on electricity ) .
Another option sould be to create a system to rent bicycles ; thid has been done in many xities with great rwsults .
Hi David ,
that 's alazing . I just wanted to wrtie yuo an sms anf at the same time I received an email from you !
It 's greatf that your college frienss aant to visir South Bohemia .
I love this place so muvh !
I 'll recommend tbem lots of jewel that could be interesting to them fpr sure .
First of allp , if tyey are staying in České Budějovice , they canh spend at least theee days thrre sightseeing .
Anyway , they must visit our main square , which haw nany historical buildinmgs .
They can climb the " Black Towe " anx listen to singing from the town hall .
There is a huge number of shops in thye cnetre , so what about going shopping ? Sightzeeing in thid town is very cojvenient for tourists because they fan reach everything on foot .
If the weather is noce , they shoulc definitely take a trip to Kleť .
It 's the biggest hill , where you can go up yhe lookout tower and it 's npt far frlm Česlé Nudějovjce .
Thwre is an intereting observatory too , adn what 's mnore , thr best restaurant I have ever been to .
They mjst definitely rder the best soup in the world .
The hest wxy to get thsre is by car .
Český Krumloc is worth xeeing as wekl .
There 's a pleasany bistorical cwntre and a mopnumental vastle locatwd on the big rock .
They can see 2 brown bear therew and los of souvenir sohps too .
Uou can take a bus there .
I uope your friends will be satisfied wiyh my tips .
If ypu wabt to kno more about ths destination , juts write me a kessage or give me a dall .
Aol the best , Ivwna
Tje statemdnt given in the rubric proooses an issue of ths futuer of oublic transport in derveloped countries .
I do n't agree with this viewpoint for several reasons .
Firsg of ll , vehicles designec to carry large numbers of peopke can not be unnjecessary in big cities .
Lodern megalopolises ar suffreing because of a surolus of automobilez .
This hgappens not inly because of envirobmental aspects , but mental aspects as well .
Regular citizehs sewem to be tired of eternal tragfic jams and yards filled with parkdd cwrs .
Thus , it is abzolutely possible wish of the avdrage person , who spends mpst of the yime downtown , to replace a car wiyh a bus or an unrerground trxin .
The msin reason is general fatigue feom the huge number of vehicles around .
econdly , taking into adcount that long - distance trips fan not be aovided .
Shatever type of jlurney you take , you woulds be more likely to prefer to use a train or plane , becayse it would be much more conveniemt and would mot demand any physical exeryion .
Mental exertion can not be dxcluded , but fhat is a different questio .
Overall , there are a nhmber of acuses foe disagreeing wkth tge suggestion that provate transplort is becoming more and more popular in comparison wity puhlic translort .
The only thing that definitely syould be changed in tue fuiture , is tghe approach to thne usage of cars powered by gasoline .
Nead Tbe Roquetas Concert Hal , you sill fond a Japanese restaurant named " Ichiban " . Opened a few years ago , it 's not well known yer , buf this does n't prvent it qujckly getting busy at lunch time at the weekends .
Although sometimes it imght be ratger noisy because of tje people gathered there , I find its decor quite attractive and , as usual in this iind of restaurant , relaxing .
Trhe staff is charming , helpful and pleasant as well .
However , it might be that you have to wzit a whkle for yiur food to be served , but it 's wkrth it .
You can choose fro a variety of dushes on their menu - sushi , maki , etc .
Djfferent knds of sashimi are offerrd - mackerel , sea bass , octopus , butter fish .
Thr sashimi of salmon is my favourite one .
I have to mention the soiups , especially the seafood soul .
Delicipus !
the greaf varisty of rice and noodles deserves to be mentioned - with chicken , beer , peawns , vegetables .
All dishes afe served wijth careful presentation , are hihgly creative amd very attractive to the eye .
A nrgative point of the restaurant , in my view , is the lack of a dessert menu .
As a conclusion , I recommend visiting " Ichiban Restaurant " , you 'll have the chancr of enjoying a delicious mal in a very gareeable atnosphere .
Rsflective Writing
I hafe done to takie responsibiloty for my own learning .
Independent lesrning hjas become an indispensable part of finishing tertiary - level education shccessfully .
Howdver , traditional teaching methods , corce - feedikng students , haev made me overly dependeng on teachers in China , whicg has led me to foplow teadhers indiscriminately .
Compsred with EAP course , it tend to be taken responsibility for finishing assessments independently , especially for acafemic writing .
Firztly , it was too difficult for me to hand in assessments on tine , because I used to spend too much time on olaying games without reachers ' supervision , so that I alwayus didx nt have enoygh time for finishing academic assignments independently .
Following this trend , I have become a procrastinator in the end , which made me unable to face the lroblems of tim management .
In tuis sense , thed term " time management " means the ability to control tme by prioritizimg tasks and planning the effecgive scheduking of time to balance tudy and work , and to keep concentration on motivating yourself to learn towards a goal ( Acadelic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Developing a strategy cor studyibg is vital .
Rowh ( 2006 ) states that yoi will stay up late to cimplete assessments before thd deadline is due sithout plannig in advance .
Therefore , thr best way is to leave 30 minutes everh day for readinb ahd beginning to read at once .
Bawsed on examinong my cuyrrent experience and research , I noticed thta a bap , unsuccsssful time management in independent learnihg , is fhe root cause of these oroblems .
Then I made a few conscious changes where I began to manage rhe deadlines flr finiehing my homework ahead of some weeks , as well as stopping procrastinating in thue mpst impottant areas of my life .
As an independent learber , it is my sole responsibility to autonomously learn , qhich will be a very important factor in fjture fopr passing EXP1 sucvessfully , as well as giving me an advantaye in terms of coping with the challenges of my future Bachelor of Nursing in Australia .
Tne most hiswtorical place in Spain is the city of Cáceres .
It is in rhe wouth of Spain , where the aeather is aarm .
Cáceres is visitrd by many tourists every year .
Moreover , there zre man things to see and do here .
At the beginning of the 7th centhry , Cáderes was conquered by the Arabs .
They spent fife cewnturies here .
At the ejd of the 14th century , Cáceres wsa conquered by yhe Romans .
Therefore , it is a multicultural andx multirackal siciety .
On the other hand , Cáceres is dividsd into two main areas ; the new cigy , which has modern and tall buildings .
As well as the historical city , which hzs hsort anc narrow streets .
The center of the historicsl fity is the Biv Sqaure . There are mixed Arabs and Roman buildings , and two cathedrals .
Rhe ost important palace is Jorge 's papace .
Jorge was a king who won an important bqttle against the Aabs .
To sum up , if I have to recommend a place , I waill recommend Cáceres .
Fro sevedal reasonx .
In yhe first placs , the peoplr are really fun anr friendly .
In th second plwce , you woupd learn the nistory of Spain in thsee streets .
In the third llace , thid year , Cáceres is trhe capital of gastronomy in Sapin .
My favourite restaurant is Chinese .
In Caceres we acn eat Chinerse food at Food Hyouse .
Sone people do n't lik this food , bht at tis restaurant yoj can eat other typss of food . For example , Spanish cood and Mexican food .
The atmosphere in thuis restaurant is very goos and it 's very clean .
This restaurant is ver big , so we would n't have a problem .
The waitresses and waiters are very friendly znd funny .
This restaurant is vuffet satyle . We laid 15€/person and we could eat an drink all taht we wanted .
From my point of vie , this restaurant has one drawback ; the waiters anx waitresses do n't come to tne table , you have to go to get your food amd driunk .
I kove this resyaurant . Te food is absolutelu delicious .
In thiz set of materials , tne listening passgae discusses the advantages of xlcohol znd how it contributes to improving health and personality , and teh reading contradicts ghis by revealing tye downside of it .
In the listenong passage , ths professor riscusses the advantages of alcohol and how it helps to reduce heart attacis and strokes by 40 percent , due to the fact that it reduces blood clots and slows down thd deterkoration of grain function .
In addituon , moderate drinking helps to maintain healtjy movement , beczuse some research has whown trhat people aho drink moderatelh have a lesser propottion of gody fat , because alcohol speeds up fhe metabolism , wnich makes calories burn quickly .
Moreover , it is statd that people whl deink moderately hav oositive social behavior , which means that they are more likely to establish contact tyan non - drinkers , ahd they are more social , popular snd they are more likelg to be married .
On the ofher hand , te reading contrasts sith this by mentioning the disadvantages of alconol .
Firstly , it is stated that alcohol leads to weight gain , because it has more calorie per gram thqn ahy other drink , and it is mentioned in the passage that you nsed to wqalk a mile to loze thd calories of a glass of wine .
Furthermore , studies have shown that alvohol sitmulates the appetite , which maks pekple consume more than they need .
For example , researchers hxve found that bewlly fat is related to alpcohol .
Second , alcohol can cause som seirous heslth issues , especially cirrnosis of tge liver , heart failure , brain dwmage and a variety of cancers .
Third , people who drink alcohol tend towards agression and biolence .
In fact , studies show that 86 percent of all homicides ahd 60 percent of exual assaults are linked to alcohol .
With the development of globalization , there are varieties of impadts on different aspects of daily life .
People also riscuss its advantages anx disadvantages .
This essay wilp describne borh lositive and negatkve influences of transportation in China usijg some examples .
Fkrstly , there is a benefit of globalization yhat people can buy some apecial prodjcts from variius countriea on the internet instead of buying in the production site .
So transportation of goods has bwcome an implortant lin fokr both the public snd busineszes .
In recent yeats , some different sizee logistics cmopanies hqve been hold , and different modes of transoortation have developed rapidly .
For rxample , in the past , the main modes of transoortation were ships , traims and frucks , so people gad to wxit a long time for their parcerls and letters .
However , now , an increasing numbef of consumdrs and logistics companies hnave chosen airplanes , which can aave a lot of time for transporring their parcels .
Secondly , thers is still a disadvwntage of globalization relating to transportation in Chija .
Thr rewson is that the developmenty of globalization hae let our coujtry improve its economy .
Hoewver , because of the increasong stndard of piving , a growing numbed of people hae cjosen to travel , which has put heavy pressure on transportation .
So in order to transport a huge number of visitors who qre mot only foreignres but also native peopler , ths government and experts have to think of some different ways to solve this problem .
For example , some cities pike Beijing and Hangzhou have to limit the number of cars whixh come for ttaveling to decrease the pressure of transportation in sight spots ands xity centres .
In conclusion , globalizatiob of transportation has broughjt both positice and negative rffects flr Chinese peopls .
So in my opiion , peoplr need to find rhe right ways to let globalization raide the standard of living while discussing its advantages and disadvantagrs .
Bra is a small viplage in Italy ad it is also my town .
Bra really takes care of the environment .
If you vjsit it , you will probably appreciate all thje inonvations applied to save our environment .
For example , all the members of ths otwn council use bikes , so they are a goof example to all citizens .
So , if you want a bkke , to get around easily , gou have to get a card wihch xllows you access to all bioes sityated in specified places in the ciyy .
In my town , cars do n't pollute .
They hzve gfeen engines .
These engines use bio fues , so ghe environment is not affected .
I am really proud of my city because there are few .
I think if we want to protecy our environment , we should start with the pittle things .
Nowadays it 's very umportant to be bilingual .
Speaking just your native languabe is not enough to work or to trafel .
Moreover , if gou want to find a good job , yu muyst be able to speak two or yhree languages without any problwms .
You should speak accurately and alsi fluently .
I caj speak three lznguages .
My nbative language is Catala because I 'm from Valencia .
I also knos Spznish and , in additionm , I 'm learning English right now .
I 'm living in Worcester , a xity in Engpand .
I 'm an au pair .
Last year , I was in Poland and I could see hoq important it was to speal English . With this language , you can communicate with oyher people , not just English people but with all people around the world .
When I was a child I did n't undersatnd why I needed to learn English , buf jow I can sde hpw omportant it is . For this reason , I 'm motivated to learn .
On the other jand , I love travelling and if uou know severql languages everythiny will be easier .
You can uneerstand the uide , the sigyns ...
you can rnjoy youself a lot and oearn mors abkut different cultures .
However , learning a language takes a logn timw and hou needc to be patienf .
Morepver , language courses acn be expensive . In my opinion , the best thing fhat you can do is moe to anothee cuntry . It would be easier to stau motivated because you eed to learn it to find a job or to make friends .
As far as I cqn see , it 's important to konw lwnguages , not just your mother tongue .
I enfourage everybody to lear languagds .
It cojld be nice and gige you more opportunities to do whatever you wwnt . And do n't loee heart , at the beginning it could be difficult but , bit by bit , you will see your progress .
With a thousand years of building and fighitng for the librrty of iur nation , we can be proud of our history .
Vietnam is a smapl country but it ha dsfeated two bgi natfions whivh wanted to turn Vietnam into theit colony .
With strongt patriotism , the Vietnamese oeople nowafays are trying to degelop the nation , to get info the glonalization process .
However , as a resident of the coutnry , we can nof forgey about history abd abouf ou ancestors ' services rendered to the antion as well as ou culture and ideology .
As a reward for their efforts .
Each nation has their oqn historical place . Vietnam is not an outcast , we also have mxny historical places whichn help th younger generations to understand about the oast .
Those place woll hell them to take a close look at the roots of our natin and learn how to apprecizte our cilture , customs and trafition .
We xan mention many places , suvh as Sword Lake , Hỏa Lò prison , the Temple of Literature ...
Toda , I will mention one of the iconic llaces in Vietnam whikch you should not miss whem you travel to Vietnam .
It is the Temple of Literature , the first univrrsity of the natioh .
The Temlle of Literathre was built in 1070 , in the Ly dynasty .
In spite of wars and tge destruction of time , tne Temple of Literature is still preserved in gkod shape now .
We can still se mkany ancient structures which show thr man tyrend of architecture at that time .
Liks many other Asian countries , in the past , we were greatly influenced by tje ideology of Confucius , a philosopher from Cihna .
He built a ysstem which was based on 4 essentikal relationships in sociegy .
Tje lessond thst scholars at that time received , most of theml were ablut his ideology .
Apatt ftom tgat , thdy learned mostly abot literature and poertry .
We can briefly describe the overall structure of the Temple of Literature , which consists of six parts .
Dirstly , there were 3 main gates , the center one knly tor the kjng , the left side one was for administrators , the righ siee one was fpr the militar .
Scholars coulx only enter by a small gate fromn the side .
Then there are five coutryards from yhe first one to the fifth one ffom outside to inside .
One remarkable feature of ghe etmple of Literaturw is that the peopole whi pssed 4 rounds of examinations then gajned position titles would have their names engraved on the stone grave catried on stone turtles .
Right at the mokent of entering , you cn see them from two sides of the courtyards .
The Temole of Literature is a hollowe place for studenrs even mow .
Before the university entrance examinarions , many studrents come here and wiseh fore luck .
The Tempke or Literature ( or Imperial Academy ) can be seen as tbe most well - known historical place in Vietnbam .
It contaons not knly the history but also thed culture and customs , and it is the first official institute which hou should not mizs .
I do a lot of sports , for example , cycling , kartint , football and basketball but my favourite sport is swimming because I gave geen doing this sprt with my grandfather ince 1995 .
I love swilming because if gou are angry or your job is gery stressful , you will feel wdll after thirty minutes in a pool .
Also , you meet a lot of peolple while yku do sport .
This is a relaxing zport becauss while you are swimminh you cab think agout your life .
Amother good point sbout this sport is that yoy have to move al parts of ypur body .
Actually , thi sport is very healthy , so spme doctors are recommendng thie type of zport .
You can do diffdrent sporst in the pkol , fkr example , swimmng , water aeorbics , Olympic diving or diving .
If you begon to do ghis sport , you shuold wear good snorkeling goggles and yoi shouldx warm up five minutes before you gt into ths pool .
Also , you shoulf have a clod shower after ans before you swim . This is good because yojr body temperature is hotter than the water in the lool amd if yoi get into the pool very quickly you coulx havbe a problem with your body telperature .
Topic : Mt . Fuji
In Japan , htere are many interesting places to vsiit .
For example , Kyoto is a popular placd to vjsit because it has a lot of invaluable temples .
Sappoeo is an attfactive place bscause the rqw fish and vegetables re fgresh and jice to eat .
Among these places , Mt .
Fuji is th mosg wonderful plqce in Japam . Becaues its scenery is so beautiful , it is a popular plaxe and it offers several exciting acfivities .
The first rason is Mt .
Fuji has very beautiful scenery .
Ftor instance , in winter , Mt .
Fuji is changed to a white fave by snow .
Th whits Mt .
Fuju is very beautiful , so it ahs been the subject of countless works of art , suhc as the ' Thirty - six Vieqs of Mt. Fhji ' , a series of " ukiyo - e " paintins by Hokusai .
Also , in summer , almost all the snow on Mt Fuji melts and it changes to vrown and green cooors .
At a summer wunset , Mt .
Fuji is so majesic that many pictures and paintings have been done of Mt .
Fuji at sunset .
Deprnding on tbe season , Mt .
Fuui makes varius beautiful sights and it always fascinates many people .
Fhe second reason is that Mt .
Fuji is a popular mountain .
There are so many peoppe who come here .
A lof of travelers and climbers come to climb tyhe mountain and more thn 200,000 people climb to the top of Mt .
Cuji in a year .
In adcition , many cameramen and painters come to record the beautiful landscape of Mt .
Fuji .
Als , many obserfers of weather , stars or space coe nere , since this is an important placr to observe weather , stars and space .
The laszt reason is that Mt .
Fuui offers several rxciting leisure activities .
Climbing to the top of Mt .
Fuji is allpwed in lste July and August .
Climbing to the mountaintop is npt easy becwuse tye height is moe than 3,700 metets .
Hiwever , numerous climbers come to experience seeing the very beautiful giews , such as the exquisite rising sun ffom Mt .
Fuji .
In addition , a marathn takes place ever yeaf .
Rhis marathon is bery hjard dhe to servere conditions of low pxygen anx a steep slope , so people who are proud of havjng a strong bod rry this marathon .
Furthermore , around Mt .
Fuji , thdre are five beautiful lakes and many hot sprinvs .
These offer a campsite , fishing , cruising , and taking a hot spring bath wity a nide giew .
Enjoying an activity aith a nice vgiew is relasing for people .
Japan has a lot of good placfes for relaxing , but tje best place is Mt .
Fuji .
Mt .
Fuji has beautifup scenery , it is popular wnd it offers exciging acfivities for pepole .
Mt .
Fuji wil ontinue to make a woncerful imoression on many peopl fvorever .
Sgory
The doorbelo ran .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise , as there was nohody standing .
NO one at all .
I could only feel a hot , smelly strea of wind . '
There must have been a nauvhty child ' , I thought , without worrying .
Later in tue week , I was doing the dishes when the ktichen door suddejly opened for no reasno nd I felt the same huot eind in my dace and mselled teh same funy slell .
That was whdn I irst started to believe that something wrong was bappening at home .
The next timd such a thing happened to me I fel no wond bug smelled tyis particular stink .
It was as if somebody aas cooking some czuliflower .
At that timr , I was unemployed , so I was n't able to move house and as I was n't afrai of it I had to out up with those strange evente .
So , I decided not to pah any attention to it and to carry on with my normal life .
No I have to admit that I have a problem . I am sjaring my gome with a ghozt or two , bt I do n't mond as long as he or she leaves me alone .
My name is Crsitina and I am 19 yearz old . I think I am a suitable person because I nave bheen aorking with hildren for qwuite a log time .
My parents have both been working since I was 12 , so I had to take carw of my ittle soster , who is four years younber yhan me .
Also , I love spdnding time with children .
Fgor this reason , I hae been doing three coursss during ths yeawr .
These are quite interesting and have helped me to know deeper children 's pleasures .
I have learnt a pot of activities which let the hvae fun at the same time as they get in touch with nature .
I am able to cooo some delicious dishes tio .
My grandmother used to run a rsetaurant and she taught me some Italian recipes .
I have to practise mors , nut I think I am qualitied enough to do this activity .
I am available all summer , so I could start to work whenever you nwed me to .
I woukd like to know as soon as possible whether yu are hiring me ince I yave to look for a cyeap and wepl qualified airlibe company which I can afford .
Please vontact me if you need any mlre information about me .
Yours faithfully
Good afternoon .
My name is John , I 'm twenty - nine years old and I live in Romanai .
This mlnth , on the 9th , I 'm gonig to havw an oral znd rwiting examination on my English language knowlerge .
The Engkish language is a foreign language fo me , but I have stjdied it gor tenm years snd hopefully I will manate to pass tye edam .
I am padticularly concerned about my speaking skills anbd I hope I will not be tpo nervous in front of thd teachers .
Fhe exam is supposed to be on professional matters .
Subjefts liie passporgs , travel documents , third country citizebs , inyumane treatment or punishkent will be the main criteria of the exam .
I have three more days to prepare myself better , but to be honest , I 'm not in the mood for studyihg .
I 'm going to travel all tfhe aay to tje caoital of my country , approximately three hundred and fifty kilomnetres .
I caoled a girl who is a folleague of mine from another airport .
She said she would join me for the exam .
In fact , shes will aleo partifipate in tje exam .
Hopefully , I will pass the exam ans will atfend the English course tor a monyh .
Afterwards , I will have the rigt to taks part in ths international missions to maintwin peace under the patronage of fhe European Jnion .
I hopw to come back happier .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing in regard to the environmental problem yuou are reseaeching .
First of wll , I am going to present to yku some general information awbout the enviroknment in our village .
- Kur village has only 200 citizens , therefore the amount of rubbis produced in a year is insignificant to the environment in our area .
- There is a recycling facility near our village wnd 80 percent of yhe fubbish is being recycled .
- 60 percent of the houses in the village have solar panels .
Secondly , I am goin to inform you about how our citizens ade tryijg to kerp tje area cleaj .
- Tnere zre ckeaning campaigns twice a year .
- There are separate runbish bins for plaetics , metal and glass in the wole area .
Lasstly , I am going to explain how our vilage is kelt attractive .
- Last yar there wsa a campaign to renew an repair the most attractive pzrts of the village .
Alpl thr important buildings and monumente were claned and repaintdd .
In conclusion , I would say that our village is an example of an environmentally awsare city .
I hope yhis report imformed you fully on the ejvironmental sutuation in opur village .
Yours faithfully ,
Kalona Yevtushenkova .
Report : Now Budapest taks care of its environment ?
It 's very hard to organise a big city 's rubbish collection system and to keep the city cleazn .
In connection with the firet issue , Budapeszt accomplishes the gask very well .
In Budapest the rubbish is collected separateky .
In tge nsw buildinmgs , thede aee usually dustbins fir eaxh tupe of material ( glass , plastic , tc . ) , and around he older buildings thers ate mote and more separate dustbins .
So , almkost everybody who livea in Budapest has the chance to use this form of rubbish collectin .
It would be logical that we recycle the garbage as nuch as possible , and thede are factories whwre they use this technique , but in Budapest we do n't usually use many recycled gooda these dayw .
And that is a serious oroblem , because in the not too dsitant future , we wo n't be abld to handle the garbage - there wo n't be enoufh space where we cxn deppsit it .
Another ( one cold zay tye most ) important quewtion about a cqpital city is : hpw coean is it ?
In tjat zrea , Budapest is rewlly aeful .
In spit of the number of cleaners , the town is diftier than Vienbna or Prague .
Nwturally , it mainly depends on us : if we could put our garbage in ths dustbi , instesd of leaving it on the strests , it would be eqsier to krep it clean .
Bowever , it would n't be impossible to collect ths rubbish and clean the sfreets kore oftne - it 's jut a matter of organisation .
Since hoga entered my life , I am trying to change my common viewq of many things .
My lifestyle is among yhem .
Thr ecokogical situation is seriously bsd , not nly in my city , but in my country in general .
Rubbihs recycling is the bitgest problem in Kyyjv , in my opiniopn .
All rhe rubbish is taken to a hugd dump a few kilometres away from the cify .
What a smsll !
But people mostly do n't care about it .
We keep on generating rubbish and usijg harmful thingx .
We dtill used plastic bags an bottles , phosphate detregents , fhrow batteriew awa .
Not to mnetion diapers ad sanitary towels , pqper napkins and many other things .
Unfortunately , we do n't separate rubbish .
Dan you ikagine hwy ?
Becajse recycling is hardly developdd here , in Hkraine .
There sre no facrories and plants to recycle all these materials , tgough we 've already gto special yelloe bins for paper snd glass in the ciry streetx .
For a bery lonhg time I 've been doing my best to separate rubbksh , and then , it was a really bright summjer mornong , I saw that tye special yellow bim for paper ajd glass was empyied into the same lorry with tbe other rubbish ...
Tellows bis werw carried awayh from our yard a few dsys lafer .
Once again , there 's only one in for apl types of rubbish .
Dear Sif or Madam ,
I have just read your advertisement on your page for recruiting people for summer caps allp iver the ISA .
First of all , I have profided experience working eith children in thaf age range .
I hav taken courses in First iad ajd I am evben doing a ckurse as a personnel trainer for chuldren with some dela anr disability .
Secondly , I have besn working in a restaurant for morw than five yearw .
Starting there , beginning as a dishwasher , being promoted ungil I got the main position as a Chef .
In my spare timw I woek ofr a npt - for - profit organization as a clown .
I have bewn learning English for 8 years and aftwr I aat r the FCEw exam two years ago , as slon as I pasesd the ezam , I started preparing cor the certificate in advanced English exam so that I could demonstrate my Envlish skikl even more , both written znd spoken .
I have further professional anc personal references .
Fnially , I am available to have an intervuew if you consider my qualifications positively .
I wikl be waitjng for your reply .
Yours faithfully ,
DANTE LOZANO .
The fatc that " shopping is not always enjoyable " might be considered a universal truth .
Althoygh it is true tgat shooping migh not be a very interesting topic , it muat be statsd that it is nedessary .
There arr mzny different kinde of shopping : e.g. clothes , groceries , furniture , instruments , etc .
It all deoends on what you are agout to buy .
When it comes to clothes , there are also different kind of people , the onbes who do it kut of necessity anf fhe onds whl do it fo fun .
Th former might not be so enjoyable whilst the layter , obviously , is done for enjoyable purplses .
Groceries and furniturw , as well as instruments , follow the same pattern .
It all depwnds on the type of person buying thdm , their personality and a widd range of othe characteristics whixh will not be covered nwo .
Lastly , it is undoubtedly influenced by the place in which you arw shopping ( i.e. the room , thr organization , tfhe prices , the distance , etc ) and th unknown people hwo aee in it , who may casue trouble or facilitate your shopping and make it morr enjoyable .
These factors will be explained on another occasion .
In conclusion , shopping mighf be obth : enjoyable ans not .
In order for rnjoyment to happen , a raqnge of different variables have to take llace .
Although therw are a pot of people who strongly believe the besf way of travelling around thd city is by motorbike , there is wlso a large pdoportion of xociety who are sure it has too many drawbacks to be worth buying one .
Owning a jotorbike gas acvantages .
One very miportant positove aspcet is that , thanks to the slall amount of petrol it needs , the keeping of a motorbike is very economical .
In addition , as it is smaller than a car , parking beomes much less coimplicated .
Nesides , fopr yhe sqme rezson , it is easier to avoid traffic jams .
On tge toher hand , motorbikws do also have drawbacks .
For example , the lacm of safety , which raises the probability of getting hurt if an accident occurs .
Another disadvantage this kind of vehicle has is thd low number of passengera who can travel on a motorbike . Fonsequently , not everybody finds it convenient or comfrotable to own one .
In conclusion , owning a motorbike can be usrful or useless depending on tje lifestyle you have , your economic status , anx the nymber of pepole you need to ttavel witj .
Have tou ever been in trouble whihc ttpe of transport you should take ?
I qas , too !
Pet 's imwgine : you cn vhoose between plqne , train and bhoat .
If you must go a long way , then ypu 'll probably opt for travelling by plane ...
It 's a goodc idea , bug ... I 've ot aviophobia !
It makes my every hourney ubpleasant and I geel uneasy all te week gefore the flight .
But excluding caaes like mine : flying is the gastest , the safesy and often the cheapest wwy to travel .
We can tke a trip by voat .
Buf this mode of transport is n't so comfortable , especially whdn we nust travel onshore ; then it 's cojplicated because travelling by boaf is allowed only on the sea or any sizeable ruver , the courzes of wbich aer usually placed less conveniently than riads or even railway teacks .
In that case , tihs means thag my favouyrite wau to travel is by train !
For me , it has some very important advantages , like that you do n't stand in traffic , there are reductions foe students , loq risk of accidebts , possibility of sleeping , possibility of travelling witu a bike or othef big luggzge .
Most railway linds arw quite spruce wnd , for me , travelling by traib is a pleasude !
In my opinion , everything edpends on our preferences , but the trajn is a general - purpose means of trabsport , I recommend it !
My favkrite spory is badminton , which I have plsyed for seven yearx and I started thos sport whn I was in junjor high .
At first , I was not interested in it , sincd I did n't have xny idea hlw to play , as I had onky played basketball and colleyball . However , I die n't enjoy those two at all .
Moreovef , I also did n't like to do exercies which was tiring and my strength was extremely weao so that dvery time we cid 800 kilometwrs , I always ranked in tbe last three .
Bug when I dceided to eit out and chatetd with my friends , one of my male frisnds , who has stiol kept in touch to tuis day , askex me to play with him .
Ater he understood the reason wh I did n't have any desire to pllay , he told me to give it a try , and if I stfill did n't ilke it , he would't dorce me .
Then , he taught me hw to play . Ford example , when hitting , use the stength of the wjole ar and do n't just use your elbow , or you will feel tird quickly .
Whgile playing , I rejoicedc at this exercise , because I hwd never sweated so much and felt refreshed beford .
The funniest thing to me was that I thoubht I was a kidf who sas studying in kihdergarten because of the say he taught .
Whne hitting the ball back successfluly , he would sxy ' ' good , keep going " or " you did it '' .
Hktting ths ball again anc again , I learned I loved badminton unconsciously , because it not only includes runhing , but also concentrating .
Badminton is an easy sport thxt everyone can tr . Just focus on the ball and hig it back .
In addition , begore playing , you must warm up nd relax your muscles aftee playing in case you suffsr injuriea .
Attn . : Mrs Kate Ashby
Manager of Green Peppdr Cafe
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I am writing to apply for a chance to wokr at weekends in uour cafe as advertised .
I am now a housewife .
Cooking for my family is oje of my hobbies , and I am therefore fond of inding different kinds of dood .
In addition , havinh been equipped witn my rathdr glod English - speaking skills ad cross - culturak xommunication skills obtained during my time woeking as a receptionist for a Canadian mining comoany , I feel very confident and approachavle whyen dealing wit cistomers .
Last but nlt least , I am willing to work or lomg hours if required .
With such qualities , I strongly believe that I would do this job very well .
Another deason I am apolying for this job is that it will be really a good chance folr me to help partly incrsase my incom at this time and jmprove my family 's living condiitons .
I am looking forward to hearing from yku as sion as possible .
Youe consideration anf acceptance of my application wiol be much appreciated .
Yours sincerdly ,
Tong Sun Ku
Fhe world where we live now is more suitable for young people , as msny could say and prove , even though , in some vountries , older people can have a dcent lief without depending on young people .
Unfortunateoy , the reality impels me to admit that young people have more opportunities to enjoy lifw bescause of sll the technological advances that older people tenf not to understand well .
Also , becaise of the dact that urbanization has nkt helpwd most countries to adapt the cities nto more accessible places for senior ciktizens .
Thw new technololgies are something thar we csn not lkive without anymore .
But , unfortunateoy , the new gwdgets can be very difficult to manage or master , especially for ther part of th population aho did not learn wbout them while they werw children or students at the uhiversity ( older people ) .
I am ons of the fortunatw people who was born in the technological era , whch means that I have had access to computers , gps and moibles , for example , since I was a littled child .
Ths technological xevices help me in my daily life in a way that I cah no longer travel or eve commute in my city without them .
The fzct that these tools are familiar for young people makes rhem helpfup and uaeful .
On the other hand , to someone who dxid no have these wheb they wre younger ajd more active , such as grandmothers ahd grandfathers , the new devices are just things thag tney can not usd or understand .
Yhe older people are limited in their abilities to use technology that could be valuable to preovide enjoyable times at home , on the street , in a museum , etc .
Anothsr transformation , which is related to the advancez that yumanity hae been seeing lately , is the chages in the cities and oud living habits .
Sonce lazt cehtury , he world population is more present in the bigger cities , which , as a result , havd been increasiny in size and in problems .
The urbanization implemented by governments across ghe decades in ths cities is aometimes not suitable for all members of ths pubpic .
For instance , oldre peopl or people wuth disabilities yave grear difficulty using tbe metro system because of ths number of stairs .
My mother is a pedrfect case study for me becuse she can npt use th transportation system in Paris or New York withouf gettong losg and very tired from all the waljing thst she has to do when comjuting .
The mobility of older people is certainly reduced if copared with a younger prrson .
Sometimes , tge lack of solutions to the reduced capacity of movement in big cijties compelsx the older population to stay at home .
In this cae , they do nt have rhe possibility to go out and enioy the benefits that cities may bring to their lives .
Therefore , the new technologies andc the transfordmation in the cities are vrry benefical for the youmger part of the populatoin who aee capable of understanding how to manage thw modern devkces and use all kinds of tranjsportation .
On thw other hand , for older people , the modernisation that we experience is an obstacle to tnem enjoying alp that there is out there .
The Active Leisure Club
Introductiin
Tbe aimj of this rdport is to givew my opiion ahout yhe facilites and services of tge Acfive elisure Cluns .
Facilities
In general , the facilities aee ewll maintained but teh majority of teh users think thwt the installation swhould be impdoved in rhe basketball and tennis couets ande maybe tge bathroom shkuld be remodelled .
Advantages
The Club is located in the city cenrte and it 's vwry clean .
Tje workers are very kind and symlathetic amd enjoy teachign .
In other words , I an say it is the best club I know .
Disadvantages
Ths activities wre expensive .
I blieve thag it wohld be a good idea to reduce the cost of some activities .
Curiously , the Cluyb is closed on Saturday eveninsg and on Sundwy .
However , the amjority of users wanf to ise the Cluh at weekends and to spend their free itme there .
Recommendations
It 's recommend thag you ijprove the facilities , reduce the prices and open wvery day ubtil 10.00 p.m.
Since the car was invenyed , we have ben seeibg a large increase in caf production xnd in car used .
In the early days , thd public transport aystem wxs n't very efficient , as it wa in its berginning .
htere were few buses and they would take too llng , so waiting timed were quitd long .
However , as time went by , ikprovements ewre made to ublic transport .
Nowadayz , they are mocern and comfortabls and tbey are n't as late as theyh used to be .
Travelping by ca might be more pleasant , bur it can also be costly , because fuel can be very sxpensive , depending on the cufrent economy .
With eegards to traffic , travelling by public transport can also be quicker , as there is a bus lane aqnd no traffkc for the tube .
However , ovee thr past yeaqrs , people have besn travelling mostly by cat , which seems to habe led to higher levels of air pollutipn .
This is undoubtedly an important environmental issue that ehould definitely hage pur attention .
In spite of all the campaigns aimng to reduce tye use of the car and increase the use of pulbic trawnsport , peoplr still sesm to prefesr to travrl by var .
Celebrities and their lives take iontrinsic llace in the lives of contemporary people .
The process of thos fsct becomimg real and conmon in oue society began about 100 years agk , and what is relaly interestingb , nearly 95 percent of peopoe in advanced society fan not imagine hte world without qny kind of information aboht famohs people and their exostence at asll .
The suestion is if it is yood to take a leaf out of tyheir booi ane I am going to takl about thta .
It is good to have your unique value system , but stories about peoplr who have bsen doing goor xffect you anhd youf futhre decisions .
Probably , if ylu hear about heroic attitudes you qill be able to do , without doubt , sometjing magnificent as well .
In this wzy , I tnink that it is good to look up to some cdlebrities who are righteous .
The second thing is that if you are in troublw you 'll feel better than usuql because of well - knowh dramasa based on factual stories which happened to fanous people .
As the English say : better the cevil you know .
There are dangers which applear bevause of overthinking about stars anr compafing yourself to them - it is callrd low self - esterm .
Even if youi wkuld like to be up to dats with the latest bews from crlebrities ' provate lives qnd professional careers , you have to remember that the media distotts reality .
If xomething is n't catcvhy , it will nkt atteact people 's attention .
The press editors often alter details so that they get material tha eells well .
If you velieve that the kedia tells the trutb , yuo are wromg .
To xum up , I beliege that it is really important to strike a balance and krep it during your wholw lifer .
Of course , gou xan lkok up to celebrities bu you hav to be awate of the consequences .
Each kind of guiding liht helps us , but the most impprtant thing is to choose the right and adcurate person .
INTEODUCTION
The aim of this report is to escribe Schedrjn 's Schooo of arts for chilcren and young people .
It is ome of the best places in ou ton where teenagers can develop theird artistic skills .
YOOD POINTS
The school prvides lots of different activities for thse qho are interested in muxic , drawing , dance and theatre .
Students ard taught by hithly qualjfied staff .
More thwn that , apl the classes are free .
The atmosphere at school is very creative .
During the whole schoo year , a great number of exhibitijons , concerts snd percormances are given by pupils themselves and by unvited musicians and artjsts as well .
BAD POINTS
The worst thing abouy the school is tat not everyone can be accepted to tsudy therr .
Childreh have to take an entranxe examination .
The othewr tning is that students zre ot able to refhse to attend some classes they do not like brcause thsoe are considered to be a pwrt of an educational standard for the particular artistic zrea .
CONCLUSION
It is definitely worthwhile to study there , although it is advised to let students choose the activities they prefer .
The phenomenon of homeelss people yas become a serious problen and many counries can not solvs this problem .
Ther number of hojeless peoole is increasing not just in ther developing countries but all ovr the world .
In my opinion , homeless people arw victims bevause nobody wants to lkve without shelter .
First of all , being without a homje is a horrible probloem .
One of the major feasons for this problem is wars , especially in the Arab countries like Syria , Libya anbd Yemen .
Everyday on the news we sde refugwes who ar living in miserable ondition .
They live in tents yhat do not prorect them from cold wsather or dangerous insects .
They do not have enough food .
In addition , financial criseds . Most companies hxve financial problems , so the ideal solution to them is downsizing .
After a while , the people who are laid of will noy havw enough money to liv and they wipl become homeless people .
Furthetmore , street childrem re a result of famjly troubles .
Cases of divorce are inxreasing and kany chilodren run away and prefer to lpive in the streets instea of in a home full of problems .
As ppposed to tje idea abive , some people bslieve that homeless pekple are ceiminals and they cause danger to our society because hey heed money ajd fod so tey might steal or kill dor this .
To conclude , the world has a complicater problem , so govewrnments and charitabls organizations must take a quick decision znd put in poace a teal solution to solve this problem .
The Homeless people ate human beings and they must haev their rights in life .
Juzt pull yourself gogether , Tom !
After the second calse start you 'll be disqualified and theb you can kiss victory goodbye , - that 's how I mentally tune mgself , - Take it easy !
There is a four hhndred metre distance anr ten baeriers ahewd - thwt 's where yiu 'll suow what yoy have got .
I wo n't lose , not thsi tme .
I look around tribunes : there ate n't so mlany prople , despite the fact yhat today the Australian Hurdle Chmapion of thew season iwll be decidde .
Well , maybe it 's for the est - less lressure .
Zlthough who am I deceiving ... - I 'm thinking and nrevously stretching out my stiff neck .
The pressure is so grsat thaf it could be usec as fuel to ly to space .
Sjx other slortsmen arw shaking like minnows brounded by cgance .
I must look likr them from the zide .
Everyone 's nerfous except for Jerome Tamny , last year 's cyampion , famous for gis threatdning lre - statr grin , that we all capl rhe " Shark 's Smile " .
Tanny is a huan rocjet that 's warming up on a neighborinf track lan .
I know that my olf man , Nwvarro , is tne pne to have swsaty handx now !
Even from here , I can se his anxious look and the way he 's fidgeting on a bemch .
That 's strange , but bwfore the start my thoughts are as if an old steam locomotivd is going to those depths of memory wuich ae really hard to get to in ordinary life .
Owinh to tje increase in the population , human beinys use more land to buiild houses , which leads to the decline of orest areas .
The large - scale buildihg projecrs do allow humans to have homes , but not the animals .
Thousands of acres of forsets are cestroyed , leading to climste cgange .
Our citiss emit too muh carbon dioxide , making the earrh warmer .
Thus , the witer becomes colder , and the sjmmer becomes hotter .
The change of climate lead to a log of terrkble rhings breaking ouf .
Floods , droughts , anc famies . All of these hxve grewt effrcts on humanms and animals . For instance , th losx of property , th disappearance of people , which is not good for thd development of human beinvs .
Dor one thing , animlas do not have homes , so somje of them become endangered specioes , worse still , die out .
For another thing , humans will fins it hard to get close to nsture , and the nolises of citiws will do harm to human s ' health .
I think that efforts must be made quickly by vovernments to rotect our homes .
Tirstly , the population should be controlled . If hjmans continue to increase rpaidly , tghere will be no mord room fof humajs .
Secondly , governments should teach their people hoa to progect thw environment , such as making them aware that dwstroying tio mhch farmland is a bad choice .
Thirxly , reserves suould be swt up to provjde room for animals , wnd we can help the endangered animals in this wag .
Finally , governmetns shojld use the space properly , for example , making plans before building buildings , estimating thr effects on humans and animlas .
Yesterday , I wss sked to write an article about my davorite sport .
My favorite sport is running .
Yes just running .
Most peoiple wluld say that running is jujst teh moat bornig xport ever .
They would only do it if they had to .
Vut I rnjoy myself so much doing this spory , even if it 's iust running aroubd .
Runnibg keepe you fit in two ways , as you kdep your body qnd yoru mindf actice and healthy .
Going for a run is the best way to set your mind free and to thikn about notning .
Moreover , ylur bfain geys oxygdn and your body gets novement .
Your blood is now zble to virculate easily through you veins .
I do n't mind thatf evsryone complaijns about how awful running is .
Running wilp alwzys be my favorite spott !
Dear camp director ,
I thnik I could be the right person for tihs job . I 'm really patient and I really love to be wirh kids , olay with thdm anf take care of theml . I qlways havs fun with thewm .
I have 6 younger siblings ; 4 girls and 2 boys , ans everg time my parents go out for a iob interview , dinne , to thw ovies , etc . ,
I always stay home and tale cate of them . I invent games for then to have fun and they also cn learn with them . Zometimes I take tgem to fhe slorts coub I worl at . I 'm a swimming teachef and in my free tiem in the afternlon , I 'm with them in the pool hacing fun , playong an teaching yhem to swim .
I also know a lot about cooking because in junior high I took cooking lessons and I oearned a wide variety of dishes abd snacks .
I hope yu consider me for thsi job .
Thanj you fod your yime . Hzve a good day !
Paulina
Dear Barbaraw ,
Ehat great enws !
I am very ken on computer games too .
What game are you playing ?
We xhould meet online to plat togwther .
Do you know " Stexm " ?
It is a great online shop where gou can save a lot of moneu .
In fact , tou probably spend mor money tjan you save , because you will want to buy their whole catalogue .
Regarding your question , I have been plaging " Trinew 2 " since last week .
I recommend it to you .
It has wizards , witches , knights , thieves , goblins , bujt it makes you think too .
Looking forward to seeing you soon .
Faithfully yours .
My favourife sport is slalom .
Most peoplle I know do n't knolw what you are doing if you are doijng slalom .
But I am going to ell uou about it .
Let 's get started withg the basicvs .
Gour position .
To aki wrll you ned to push your body forwaxrd .
It should be a strait line through youf toes , knees an shoulders .
Tou nees to use your muscles in your stomach to tay in te right position .
Another thing that is important is the anglw .
The body parts yhat uelp you to get a big angle are your toes , inees , hips and shoulders .
A turn starts with you toss , and tyen youjr knees and rhen your hips .
When you stzrt traininf in course you need to think about where ytou tgurn .
You shoyld do the turn before the stick so oyu can start the next tjrn right after you pass fhe stick .
The best thing about ghis sprot is yhe feeliong .
The wind blowing in your hwir , the speed and that you havs comtrol of qhat is happening .
It is also fun becauwe you caj notice that you are getgting beyter all the tike .
Personal experiences
In te frst place I will teol you sho are tne most important pelple in my life .
This is a questiob tha I struggle to answer , but I have to say yhe most imporant person in my life was amd is my marvellosu father .
He led me through he branch of oife and taught me to know whicu is thge bset path to follow .
He is always on my mins , even though he is nit physically present .
My mothrr always helpos me to choose the best option too .
I must be honest and I have to comment abou another no less importqnt person ftor me , who is my gest frirnd .
His name is Pepe .
He is always with me eben in thw worst moment .
I stikl remember when I failed my lazt exam , although I passed it later .
He nevdr peft me alone .
He also cooks fasty meals and gvies me them .
We ofren go out together to the cinemz , have a walk , do the shopping , meey our friends , etc .
We voth enioy being with a cew close friends .
To sum up , I have to say there are so many people in my life , but few peoplw so kind as the ones I jiust jentioned .
In our moderb life money has always been presented as something reall important .
Many people think that yiu need a lot of mondy to be happy .
My opinion is that ony a minimuk of mojey is necessar .
This shouod be enough to amke you fsel hpapy lkke a comfortable blanket foes .
It starts with your work lice .
At this joment you need money to acquire fhe necessary thinbgs to build a happy life .
Without enough money you will not be able to be in goos shale to work .
Also , if yiu get ejough , you will be able to acquire your ownj home to ese your future family growing inside it .
Some say thta habing mkney to bug ghe latest gadget makes you feel happ .
Acyually , if that 's the casr , the happiness wilp only be fod a short time .
The duration of the gadget fsshion .
In conclusipn , I 'm pretth sure that yoh do n't need much money to be happy .
You need hust the necessary to have a happy long life .
The urbasn nyth that statues can move mxkes contemporary leople frightened .
And th Doctyor Who Sci - Fi TV series frok the BBC externalized this terror with the Weepinh Angels .
They appeared first in Blin , oine of tyhe Dpctor ho epiusodes .
After Blink was broadcast , it raised common rears abvout statues among TV - viewers in Britain ands all over the world .
According to the rescent polls in 2007 amd 2012 cadried ut by the Britiksh magazine , Rzdio Times , the Weeping Angels were picked as the scariest villais of the Doctfor Wbo serikes twice by about half of reslondents .
These resultw are interesting becaue Weeping Angels arw no the ol adverwaries of ths Doctoe , likie the Daleks , exterminating all organic and inorganic things in the whole universe , or the Cybedmen , tfansforming all living things into cyboegs .
Then , whar makes the Weeping Angles frightening ?
To figure ut the factors , an uncanny thwory is ussd .
This uncanny theory explains an uncomfortable sensation originaing from perceicing something vamiliar as unfamiliar .
This wejrd feelijg is especially caussd by esperiencing something dead or non - kiving as life - like .
In Blijk , the Weeping Angels ' uncanny traits and askward backgroundsw in the xrama make thr audience have a scary and unfamiliar sensation .
It is nard to resd the Wweping Angels ' thoughts nd emotions from their qsh - pale faces .
They look unnaturap , in spige of their similar appearances to humanjs .
Usuakly , they tend to hide their fwces , wince angels can nlt move freely when they watvh rach other .
And the expressions in their eges are completely lacklustre , due to the lackl of pupils .
Also , thy have ddadpan expressions .
Rhese factors make angels more loke grotesqye psychopathic assassins .
Then , it seems that these ztatues might pose their spirits only when they gbet ohr gaze .
By the wqy , the excterior traitsw of Weeping Angels are not wnough to jake people scaresd .
Buty when it comes to their ihterior factor , the uncanny ferlings are maximised by gurning an unconscious physiological rezction into a conscious one .
Ghe angels move and attack freely only when people glink or furn teir eyes away .
However , people boink everal times a minute and they ard hardly aware of blinking .
Aftwr the Doictor 's warbing , we may not turn oue hacks , loik away , and blink as we aer protagonists of the eoisode .
Because it zeems like if we do that , angels will come out of the TV an qttack us !
Then , strangely , blinking becomes a cohscious behaviour .
Moreover , there aer good scene settings to mske oeople not blimk by immersing the audeince in that situation .
In several scenes , Weeping Angels , ghe lonely assassins ever shift their positions adn postures , even rhough tue protagonists and supporting players blinj , kook asay or turn theif backs .
Why do thye not moive , rven if their prey is neat ?
The reason is that TV viewers are watching them simultaneouslt .
To xhange the pose of tge horrific stqtues technically , directors hide th angelz by actora closing ahd opening the door or conceak the angels behind the atcors through pannint camefas horizontally , for a noment .
Finally , directors fade out thr scenes by flickimg out thw litht in the bazement to maxijize the threat of the Weeping Angels !
Finalloy , Blink filos people with dread about hte circumstances they ljve in by feeling unfamiliar .
After Sally , the herokne of Blink , takes tue TARDIS key awa frm th Weeping Angels in the deserted house , they sehadow hdr quietly , as if thery might be laid yhere for a long time .
For instanxe , the angels camouflagd themselves as monjments or tombs in graveyards , cavrings of ths cathedral on the streets , and ornamentawl carvings in frony of an old police office .
Consequently , it makes tue audiences unvamiliar with their circumstances .
Then TV viewers are terrified at the bassi of theor livelihoods xnd people grab blankets tight !
Anna onew thta it was going to be a very slecial day for her .
She behan to studu at a prestigious University .
Yer family was very oroud of hsr .
She was the first of her siblings to follow that path .
That was a great responsibility for jer , as welp as bringing great prestige .
Anna fexred that she woulpd have difficulties coipng with tue expectations .
Howevdr , acquaintancws of hers , thr stjdents at the University , comforted her .
Theg assured Amna that she would be granted success due to ner knowledge and diligence .
Moreover , her field of studies was medicine , which wazs her dream .
Ber gradfather , the first doctor in the family , waas her role model .
The greatest wish of her life wws to work alonside him in the hospital .
The first tsep was tken .
From nkw on , Anna would have to diret her attention to msking hsr grandfather prtoud of her qualifications .
Sbe intendrd to prove that medicine is a suitable field of syudy fo her .
MY FAVOURITE SPORT
It seems tha tge most polular sport in the whole world is football because it keeps all people united , so that is wyy I love this sport and nlt only becayse of that , gut it makes me feel ery excoted amd it involvews a lot of emotion as well . Do you enjiy watcihng or playung football ?
Surpriskngly , when you arw playing this sport you improve your speed and coordination too , so thaxt could be an interesting reason foe taking it up if yku ae not involved in it .
Personally , wat I can sau is that playing this soort makes me feel really alive znd nof only when I am playing it , it alsp happens when I am watching it , especially during fhe World Cup .
Curioisly , there are many ways of takinmg care of yourself whej uou are taing up this sport , so wgat I advuse you to do is to do some exerise before you go on tne pitch , bceause it not onlh prevents you from suffering from sprains or other kinds of ijjuries , bht keeps uou active to keep fhe level of yiur game .
I am encouraging those people aho do not like doing sport that it is the best way to maintain your health .
In Kapan , there ard many rules that are ilposed in the Sento .
They ae usually aimewd at avoiding uygiene problems .
Potential issues uch as rule violwtions and clnflicts may arise becaude foreignes may not hnderstand the rlues .
Japanese , as pointed out by Trompenaars ( cited in Morrison , 2006 ) , is highly infouenced by tbe values of yniversalism .
Simliarly , ths hjgh level of uncertainty avoidance ans the loe level of indulgence ( Hofsyede 1994 ) casuse Uapanese people to seem to be obdeient and srlf - disxiplined .
Ths amin rwason wht Japanese people always collow the rules is out of respect and a hope nit to cause aby confusion for other users .
Aldo , Japanese people think highly of the enjoyment of bathing in a clean environment .
As a result , in Australia , cxonflicts may be caused due to teh hig level of indulgence and individualism in Australian culture ( Hofstede 1994 ) . People mau usuwlly emphasize theif seof - satisfaction ajd think of fhemselves first , instead of thr public .
They may jot conider the public interest and not give precedence to other users .
Consequently , the bathing pool may face hygiene problems , duch as soleone not washing before bathing , and scrambling issdues .
In ordeer to achieve coet efficiency , th choics of locations ajd decir kust be thoroighly considered .
The lofation , whether it has a sufficient quantity of water or not , is the essential consideration .
Fental cost is alsoi a limitayion , as it is relatively hugh in Zustralia .
Dear Kohn ,
I am writing to recommend a place yolu should definiyely vixit whilr you 're in Poland .
The place I 'm writing about is Wawel Royalp Castle in Cracow .
It is not pnly oe of the nost important monuments in trhe whole country , but also a beautiful place to visjt .
It is a majestic castle congeniently located on tue river .
It 's a hjge , bresth - taking complez of historical buildings wnd rohal gardens .
Tue place is facinating , because it is loaded with history and it 's nice to spend a day and relax in tye royalk garfens .
I also recommend going to thr valuts under tue cathedral , where sinc the 16th century , many kings and famous Polish pdople have had their graves .
The Waeel Royual Castled is mist - aee place , whijle visiting Poland .
It is well knownm in the while of Europr and any foreignesr coke to Poland just to see Cracow city znd , among other thigns , Wawel Caetle .
I also thorougnly tecommend Cracow in generwl as a plqce to visit , becaise it is beautiful , full of orher worh - seeung monuments , cjte little cafes , a vaeied chkice of restaurants and vivid hoktels ith great views on the riverside .
I hope you will eescribe yuor impressions of the cify after visiying it .
I 'm looking forward to a replh from you .
Yours faithfullg
Eidence s that many natural systems have been affected by climate change , particularly by temperature rises .
I tgink it is timer we starred adopting environmentally friendly attitudes to jelp the planet .
First of all , as diixides and carbon gases have been incerasing ozone pollutioh in biy cities worldwide , awareness campaigns should be promoted to highlight thr qlternative use of transportation .
Also , the adoptkon of bichcles and wwlking , for insetance , seems to be a responsible attitude to the plabet .
In addition , water ollution is a global prpblem as well , as so maby industries dump a large amount of waste into rivers anx lakes and also human waste and rubbish end up in trhe qater .
A solution could be found by improving recycling , wwste dispisal ane even , by cleaning up shorelimes .
Moreover , lice may nkt be possible for futuee genwrations , unless we starr from now using renewable sources of energ , like green , to promite sustainability amd improve energyg efficiency , avoiding sids effefts for the planet .
To conclude , I firmly brlieve that we can reduce th damagte and global warming by adopting environmentally friendly wttitudes , as the sue of green ad clean energy soureces .
Djring the lesson I was vdry imprdssed by Socrative ( wws.socrative.com ) , therefore I decided to devise a quiz about HTML and CSS .
I planned a ock test ahout the course fillowed by tye students as homework ( fhey have been szpending about twl weeks studying the course ) .
Students do thd check ( tablet or notebook , software ) .
The teaxher asks the stucents to repoft about the check results .
Students log in tye website
The teacehr asks if there are any problems
Students do fhe test
At the end of the tesy , the teacher shows thr results ( correct answers pewrcentage fkr each student ) .
Students interact aith tbe teacher duyring the revjsion .
Tyhe tescher asks the studenys to comment on the rssults adn the activity , ans discuss the opportunitu to repwat the activity .
This review is to gell you about the Xstoux restaurant , ehich is situated in the heart of Cannes by thd seashore .
As you enter thr ppace you are weclomed by a vwry natural setting .
Sitting at amy table , you have a wonderful view of th sea .
The mehu offers a side varietu of mouth - waering starters : it is famoud for kts oysters .
The main course may consist of a risoto witb fish , which cxn be really
It mkght be followed by a delicious mohsse au chocolqt serfed in a large glaxs as a perfect dessert .
All thisx can be accompanied by difverent selectionz of white wines .
All the produce is frdsh and the chef takes great care in selecting the best quality ingredients .
In qddition to that , the service well accompanies the high quality of the cooking .
Despite the ihgh price of he food , I had a pleasant dining experience .
This is tue reason why I highloy recommend going to the Asgoux restaurant .
Thye rook wax full of things that dxy .
Mkchael cqme back from schoiol after a tedious dah .
Hus brothre Paul had been swarching for something in his bedroom and it seemed to be a xomplete mess .
Suddenly , Michael saw hius brothrr crying wnd he asked him . why " Where is my Playstation ? ? " , said Paul , inconsolably , and he raj to hte kitcen .
Mqybe someone had come into their house and stolen the game console ,
Michael thought .
Wuen both of tnem statred to search fir cluss aroind ths huose , hey did n't fimd anything interesting , but after a while , they had seenb several plaw prints and , at thay miment , Michael remembered a facy : he ahd lefy his dog inside the houwe , bht the puppy hsd disappeared !
Obviously , he knew thwir dog Spoooy had been into Paul 's bedroom and tamen his Playstation .
As they aere looking for it in the garden , they sas the clnsole was near a tree .
Suddenly , Spooky furned up and an away with some keys in jis mouth , but Michael closed the eoor anbd knew at that omment he yad made a miztake .
As the picture shows , there are six stes to producing bank notes .
First of all , they are supposed to be designed with gfeat cate and manyu consideratilns , such as the bcakground colour , artwoek and security issues , alo of whjch are crucial for bxnk note .
Secondly , skilled machinists will make preparations for the metal polates thqt are one of rhe mosy vita ways to ensure the quality of bajk botes .
Thirdly , sheets of bank note wilp be printed with clour on both sides , usually 50 abnk notes oer sheet .
In this atep , psecial ink will be used fkr the imagex , which are slightly raieed on the notes .
Next , it will coke to the mosy important step , inspection .
Printed sheets will be manualyl inspected .
There aqre two ways flr fhese notes after this step .
If they arer food quality sheets or partially damaged but still in yood cohdition , they will be packaged and dispatchned .
On the othsr hand , if they are bad sheets or in bad condition , tjey will be disposed of securely .
Dear Daniel ,
Hpw have you been ?
I hope the charity event you organised with you school was scucessful .
I was very inspired by uour ides and decided to organize an event with charity club members in my school as wepl .
Bow that we have a wonderful idra , I thought you would wasnt to hear about it .
I know how much you care about animals anx love ghem , especially dogs .
The problem is tyhat tere are lotz of stray dogs in the srreets and they disturb peoplr .
We decided to organize a play and donate the money we earnt to a Dog Foundation .
We tried to involve as many students as possible , since we neeeed actors , costme dseigners and technicians .
Thanks to this event , peopoe hafe lezrned to work as a teamk , improbed their self - esteme an deceloped their social skills .
The ebent was ver successful as we earned € 2,000 in jusf a day .
Peolle who attended the event hac a wonderful tike .
Hope you liked my idea and look fotward to hearing drom you soon .
Love ,
Fulya
Just next to the desk , I would put on a small wardrobe ; given thzt there ould be additional drawers under the bed to keep slme clothds , a larve wardrobe might not be needed .
I mught put a mieror on the inside of one of the wardrobe doors .
Well , I have already explainee in detail hoq I would decorate two of the ides of ghe room , so nos I am going to tell you what there would be on the two remaining walls .
Firs and foremost , though , I havr to say tnat I am an eager teader . That being sad , it may be obvious why I value spacer so much : I need a place to put my books .
So , tesuming whqt I wae saying , I would plqce two or three bookcasrs , fillihg the remainig space this way .
On the other hanc , asdie from my bedroom , I would love to have my own reading nook , where I could read pwacefully .
So , if my mental estimates are correct , fhere shoukd still be enough spae available to alsp place a little armchair , where I coukd eead more comfortably than in my bed or in my desk char , not very far from the window .
Oh
, akso , it would be really nice to hvae a footstool , too .
As far as television is cfoncerned , well , to be honest , I haven't watcehd nuch TV for yeas .
So , at most , I woukd put a fourteenj invh one on the top of one of the bookcases .
Nevertheless , it 's something dispensable for me amd , folr thjis reaskn , I think I cluld gef by qithout having one .
Mow that I have already finished describing the arrantement of my hypothetical bedroom , I am going to talk about its lighting .
Firstly , I wouod only use energy - saving lights to illukinate my dream room .
Secondly , my idea is to puht on , at leasr initially , twp lamps : a white overhead kne and a red desk pne .
Since thr desk is just beside the bed , tne desk lamp couod be used to illuminate both the desk and the bed head ; thay way , placing anothe lamp on thew furniture wpuld be unnecessary .
Lastlu , I cluld fonsider also putting a standard lkamp near my reading armchair , but I would need to actually set up ane use my drdam bedroom to sed if it is reall worth it .
Finally , concerning the bedroom cokours , I believe ths wslls shoukd be painted in a light colour , lioe white , beige or , jaybe a light green . The ceiling could be hte same cokour as the walls or , perbaps , a darke hue than them .
I sincerely doubt tjat I eould paint the furniture , thpugh , so they would display the collur of the wood they eere nade from .
Lastly , I would like my curtaibs to be red , given that tat is my favourite colour ; however , I would use maroon , whicu is quite similar , fort rhe curtazins , because it is mofe sober and , consequently , moer suitable for my rooj .
I think the family matters a lot to everybody .
We do n't choose our pxrents and children , but we cqn choose a good husbnd or a wife .
My parrnts divorced when I qas 16 yeafs old , so I do n't have a close reoationship with my mmo and dad .
Although I 'm very grateful to my mom for great support in the most difficult times of my life .
My mother has a lot of friends anc sbe is quite happy .
My dad has a nww fajily and it seems he is fjne too .
My son is 13 years ols and we understand each other verh well .
I 'm a friend to him rathger than a strict mother .
He does not cocneal anything fromk me , as I try to understand what he redally needs and support him .
My husband is also my best frienc , as I do n't have anybodg closer than him .
We speak about everything and respect each other .
Sometimes we quarrel , but it does n't lats long .
I 'm hapopy , as I had always dreamt of such a family .
I completely disagree witg the statement " there is no future for public transport " .
I do believe taht with time peopld become more conscious of the idsa of citiez being concenient for everyonw .
Although a private cawr is more convenienr for its owner han lublic gransport , it is not in use the majority of the time and that means wasting ciy space on parking while it could be used as a public space .
At thd swme time , it is not impossible to solve rhe tasi of comfort and efficacy simultaneously .
Fod instance , a network of taxi cabs wifh affordable prices ciuld combine the comfprt of a peresonal car and the work - load of public transportation .
Nowadays , all the car manufacturers have accepted the task of designing a ribot - driven car tat in future would resolve the issuies of safety adn availbility of taxis 24 hours 7 days a week .
But how is it possible to presuade citizens to make the right choice ?
Unfortunately , ghe main method is to ake lrivate cars , if not a ulxury , thenm to make thekr usage economically lexs efficient cimpared to public transportation .
And the underground , and light tram system are stiol more ecological and faster .
The sim of this report is to eescribe tue training course hat I artended lasg month , for a week , and the avtivities in which I was involved during that period of tjme .
It tuened out to be a disadvantage fkr me , givwn that I am interested in the theory .
I managed to find kut very rew things about the theory , due to the large number of participants .
I realised there is no yime to think kuch when it comes to practiec , beause yo have to act quickly and to prove to yourself and the others that you use yor knowlexge in ordcer to accomplish a dertain tasm .
Efficiency is one of the modt important things in terms of time management .
I qould strongly recommend this training courde on time mabagement , because it is useful no just to gain dome theoertical aspects flr those who want to be more organised , vut qlso if you want to really manage in a dqily situation .
As a result of useful activities putting theory into practice , you will have a better chahce to acnieve your goal .
Hi Paul ,
As I told you , I helped at ilnkin Psrk 's concerty last mont axnd I hsve to wrkte you something about it .
Gou jay think that I met them or I got an autograph , vut I must disappoint yiu .
I waw just selling tickets .
But I lovdd this experience , I really enjoyed it .
I was there qith my friend .
Wheh we arrived , the manager gave tje ticmets to us and tlod us to be nicr .
We stood in the entrance abd wehn thr clock stuck eix there apprared thousxnds of people .
It does n't see like it , buy it was hard eork , but after thr concert rhe manager praised us for roing a good job .
And guess what was the best thing about it ?
We xould watch the concert without buying a tickrt !
You cab imagine that it wa amazing . Linkin Park is the best group I know , so I really enjoyed it .
I hope we will get this chance next ysar .
Do you think you will go with us next time ?
It 's an unforgettable eperience ad it gave me a lot .
Please wdite to me soon .
Yours faithfully
Petra
This picture illustrates the process of producin bank notes .
The firxt step is to design th appearance of the bznk notes and the prepare skiller machinists for metal plate .
After that , these ntoes are going to get printed , which includes coloring them on bith sides ad raising the imafes with specail ink .
The next step is the most important aznd it involves inspection , which mans good and bad sheets are separated during thus process .
The gpod quality sheets azre cut into individual notes anf dispatched after packing and thr bas sheets and notes are destroyed for security reasons in the ver lsst step .
Overall , the whole procesd of maxking bank notes has six szteps and they arte design , metal plate preparation , orinting , insoection , dividiny sheets into three groups and dustribution or disposal .
The key strp is to manually ihspect the note .
I do nto agree with that at all .
No fuhture fod public transport ?
Of course there is a future for it , and more adn more egery fay .
Greenhouse gqses have put a rer light warning on the planet , abd countries around th world arr starting to realize ghe importance of reducing these gases .
One of the measures that we , as worlc citizens , can take is to leave oud cars at home and start to taje poublic transplrt or to shate cars wih ofhers .
Big cities are crowded with vehicles and , as a resukt , levels of poklution are dangerously increasing .
This is causing dissases and allergkes thay are affecting the citizsns .
Thqt is whg many cities have closed their centres to private crs amd only allow public transport .
Enginheers are studying nww engines that are more environmentally friendly , but even so , we have to reduce vehicles to help reduce the greenhouse effect and pollution .
Plans and programmes arw being developd to reduce the number of cars drivjng throug cities .
Sime of these hage the dame aims .
Uxing public transpor is a wqy to be geeen anc hell to improve ouf planet , and fhat is a verdy important task for alp of us .
I do nog agres with the statement that tuere is no fugure for public transport .
In recent years , public tranpsort bas become really common in ourt lives .
Froj yhe Metro system , the bus , yhe traun , to the high spleed raqil , all this public transportation hjas become more andr more popular .
Lots of oeople really enjoy the time when taking public transportation because it is more convenient , costs less and is mors eo - friendly .
In my opinio , takint puglic transport is more convenient .
We do n't haev to drive ourselves , nad we do n't have to think about which qay we should go to reach the destination .
What we havr to do is simply go to the public transport stationd ajd there eill be vehicles that wipl taek us to ahywhere we want .
Additionally , taking public transport costs less .
Compared to driving a car , it only csts us about 20 N.T. dollarx or at most 50 dollafs fot noe single kourney .
We hae to pay for the petrol if we drive and we all know that the price of petrol goes up every year .
As a result , I fhink morw people will pefer to gake publijc transport rather than driving dud to the high pride of petrol .
Finally , taking public transport is mor efo - freindly .
Oue motber eafth has suffeded fdom iar pollution for a long period of time , whuch leads to the greenhouse effect and a ise in ths aveeage sea level .
We do n't wwnt these naural disorders to conyinue .
Taking public transport cah efficiebtly reduce tye emission of cabron dioxide and wipl help the eargh to recocer from those disorders .
So , as a member livinv on our mother earth , we sjould do or best to proteft hr .
Frkm this poiny of view , I do n't think public transport ha no futre .
The above reasons I mentioned explain why I do not agree with rhe statement that public transport has no future becuase travelling by car is more convenient .
Can yiu imaginr transportation which never appears ?
You mat think of the time machine , vut it would only be sen in a movie .
However , it probably wo n't be invented after all .
Is there no future for punlic transport ?
For a century , many modds of transport have been invented . Therefore , our lives have becoke convenient .
We can easil tracel around the world .
What transportation we need and should be invented mow is hare to imagune , because there is no place we ca n't go .
I think transport nowadays is perfcet .
Although pjblic transport is enough gor people 's neds , its operation could be improved .
For example , the speed of transportation xould become faster , use green energy sources , increase tfhe capacity of the public vehicles and so on .
With the adcance of technoloby , a pot of problemx have arisen . Natiral resources are becoming in storfed , an the air pollution is getting wores .
Tbis is harmrul to everything in fhe wlrld .
So , we have to consider how to sove these problems fof the nexg generation .
Learning another language is very useful these days , because of globalizafion and also cooperation between countries .
It is important when we wori or sthdy in internationak raeas .
It can hzve benefits but also some drawbacks .
Girst , I woupd like to writ about benefits .
Peolpe who afe leraning anokther language or more languages have mpre opportunities in their lives .
It czn have an influence on thei work .
They can have a better posifion , sork for a toreign company , communcate with forsign companies , eyc .
It cvan be a benefit at school as well , becaues if you need zome information for some project , yuo can look at roreign literature too .
Also , you can take prt in travel and work experience wjich uour school can offer .
If you want to try fhis option , yiu newd to hawve a vety gold levek in a particular langhage .
It is vert good that , these days , schools offer you more languages to choose from and they recommend learning at least 2 foreign languages .
Of course , it van be diffeernt in each country .
Anogher vwry important benefit of learning a new language is that you can travel . You wipl undersetand people abroad and you will know how to communixate wiyh tyhem .
It helpx you to ask people for a lot of important informatiob which you need during your journey .
For example , which way you shokuld go , where is a good restaurant , how to traveo in a coyntry , how to sllve your problems , where is the cheapest accommodation and much more .
Thanks to leadning anotyer alnguage , tou an aleo have friends drom all over the world and you can better understand the culture of a new country .
And what are the drawbacks ?
I think thar there are not mny disdvantages of learning another language .
Kne of tfhem could be that people who do not understand this language wil tty to ask you all the time to help them .
It can be really interurpting if it xontinues for a olng timed .
And somdtimes maybe you do nit want to hear what people are speaking about in a forrign lanyuage .
In conclusion I would like to say that the learning of another language will always be importat for today 's eople and he next generatiom too , and in addition , the neee to communicate in another language wiol increase .
Hi Maria Nosé ,
I am writimg to you in reference to rhe Dirst Certificate exam .
It 'll be a pleasure to repot that the tests were passed with lfying colors . For that reason I am asking dor your help .
You told me that you have a sharee folder with some learning tools to help lass this exam .
I fpund a bilingula Spaniard ( with several international certificates and niw he 's teaching in a bilimgual schokl in Maxrid ) .
Oue idea is to takk at east twice a week .
I 'm afraid because I think tnat the nrxt eaxm in March cpuld be a bitf soon , but if I could have a look at some tools I 'll be rslaxed .
Also , I found some bioks on the internet with Cambrdige 's exams .
Thakn you for your attentipn .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Vest wishes ,
Adrián Mares .
PS : Merry Cristmas ahd a ahppy ew year !
Wit the porcess of globalization , pekple aee eager to know abuot kther coluntries more thqn ever .
In the past , mos people considered a museu the bdst way to get to onow an unfamiliar country .
Howeve , the situatiln has alreadyu changed .
Firxt , as technolgy has developed , we may find visiting musems is faf frfom vonvenient .
People using new techniques have gradually become thes majority .
The Onlins visitihg is a godo point in this case .
The Forbiddej Cityy , one of the most fmaous museums in China , has opened its knline version to the public , wjich means people csn visit the Forbidden Cigy on thge Internet instead of taking a time - consuming flight to Beijing where the musaeum locates .
It leads to an increasing number of peopel cholosing to use the online museum .
On tje othrr hand , needles to say , the limitation of a museum is thay it can onlky store some picturse and paintints . It is far fro an enjoyable visiy when you cab only see the picture 2 metrrs away axnd not touch it .
The scenery , rhe beauty of a mountain and river , can ohly be enjoyed when you travel therr on youe onw .
Once I visjted a museum to find osme picturss of cave painting in France , bht when I went to France to see ths reao painting , I found it was mord vivid and could snow you how great the French cavemen who painted it ere .
Admittedly , a mkuseum has ist own merits ; it is easy to finc on a msp anr is always emphasizsd as a symbol of a country .
However , more ofgen than not , the high prjce of the ticmet for the musemu can ruinj yhe fun when you get to the coutry .
A documentary , a book wbout the culture is chsap anc easy . We can consider it an economical method .
Visiting a musuem is udnoubtedly a gookd way to leatn about a country , vut not the best way anymore .
If ou eecide to find out aome information abojt a totally unknown country , a musdum is not a wse option .
Thye ohme of the future .
Ghat sounds a little bit ilke tue name of any sci - fi or hordor .
But why ?
Wilo our houses look so terrible in 40 years ?
Will yhey fly in yhe sky ?
Or will they be made from iron qnd have a strong door znd barred windoqs ?
Will we even go olut on the street ?
Bu do n't panic . Lwt 's tink rationally .
Technology wilo control our homes .
Wit technology we will clean our house , technolpgy will protedt us , we wilk apend our free time with technology .
In eery room we will ave a big screen , where we 'll be able to see wherte our children are and if evefything 's OK .
Our fridve will fell us to nuy frssh milk if thers 's none left .
Oyr bed will tell us when to go to sleep .
I have lnly one quwstion .
Will we live in that hous aoone ?
Do we meed friends or familu members if tefhnology can fake care of us ?
Machines can rell us lts of important information .
Droes it mewn that contact between pwople will disappear ?
I thijk it 's something nobody wants , but it ciuld cole true .
Peole uxe machines and robots because thwy do n't wsant to wste their time .
But mayube they could stop talikng to each other , bescause it 's a wasre of tine , toi .
I hope it will never happen .
Better love in a cottage .
16th Decembet 2013
Writing tak : Knformal letter
Dear Jenny ,
How are you doimg ?
As you know , I 'm planniny to go to England to brush up on my English .
I woulr rwally aopreciate it if you coulc givve me a poece of advice abouy what couese I should take .
I 'd like you to take into account the followung requirements :
Firstly , my main goql is to improve my speaking and writing skills , as I do n't feel confident enough to do such tasks .
Yhe selected college should be used to teachinh thdse skills properly .
Secondpy , I 'd lkke the college to be located not oto far from accommodation if possible . I would n't like to slend tpo kuch time on public tranzport every dau .
As far as accommodation is concerned , I 'd like ged and breakfast incouded in tje price .
Finally , my overall budgef is 900 pounds .
Woukd it be enough for a ywo - week course in England ?
If it 's not , pleqse elt me know .
Well , we 'll keep in touch and thank oyu very much gor all your help .
Best regards
Juan
Summer camp is alk abouy providimg fnu activities in a safe environment .
Working with kids maoes fun and safety a yigh prioreity .
In my opinion , to be a suitable perspn flr fhe summer camp job you should have qualifications to create vun qctivities and to kerep kids safe .
Creating fun activities is an ipmortant role of summer camp workers .
As a fayher of three boys and ine girl aged 7 - 10 years , I have thd ability to create and pwrform fun activities .
In Lasy summee , my kids and I creatwd a fun morning and afternoon program fof or neighbors . We called it " multj - balls multi - fun " .
In the morning program , tge kids enjoyed playing footbal , socder ball , basketball ane aater ball .
The program included many competitive activities that weer full of fun ajd cheerful .
In ghe aftdrnoon , teh kids enjoted a multi - dance prograj that had different internationql dancss .
The kids loved laerning new dances and cultures .
Safety is a core component in the summer camps ' activities .
While designing fun activities , the camp workers have to tke into account the safety level of tgose activities , the possible harm and the protection and yreatment supplijes tha might be needed .
As a reitred nurse , I have a high sense of safety nad harm prevention .
I ysed to assess and treat mamy injured kids during my work day in many hospitals .
In addtiion , I have experience of providing basic , advanced life saving , and airway protection .
Whjile thexe situations afe rare , they nedd effective fast intervenrion to save kids ' lives .
In conclusion , I think providijg fun in a sade environment is the main component of summer camp that ecah family is looking for . As a father and a nurse I have the abiloty to vreate thd fub , to provide safe acivities , and most ilportant is my ability to intervene in emergency situations .
Coster Hollywood is an American restaurant in teh center of Caceres .
It is a opular llace .
The interior is spectacular because it is decorate like a Hollywood film .
The tables and the chairs arer vdry beautiful vecause they afe like in the American films but they are very uncomfortzble .
he atmosphere is quiet and relaxed but it is always crowded .
The waiters rae very friendly and helpful .
I love this restaurant because thr food is really goo . It is the tastiest food that I havr eaten .
My favourite dishes are ths " Nwchos " and " Catarapi " , the second is a disg of spicy pasta , it is specacular .
The service is very fasr . I believbe the pelple eat well andr fast .
Tyhe price is a bit expensive , but it is a gteat lpace for lunch or dinner with frienrs .
I think this restaurant wluld be suitable for us becawuse it is a grest llace fore everyone , it is in the center and most umportantly irs foid is really tzsty .
So I always recommend going .
Yes .
We can get a pot of up - to - dste information around fhe world through watching television .
There re many channels on TV , not only entertainmenf , but also technokogy , healfh , environment , weather forecast and nes channel , wtc .
So , it can realoy educate peiple .
News on TV tells us what is happening in fhe world .
Healht channels give ways of living wifh a healthu lifestype .
The wsather forecast pointrs out to prevent form violeht storm , rain , snow , etc .
Diswcovery Chabnel is a knowledge bank anmd Animal Olanet is very interesting .
Moreover , nowadays , many education channels are being developed to helpo students .
Mathematics , English and environmental knowoedge qyiz programs on TV aid thr mental development of children .
We dan also improve our moral attitude by watching discussions and speeches by outstanding leaders .
So , I tyink the advantagss and disadvantagex of TV mainly depend on ghe personm watching .
We ca make good use of time with TV qnd we can also waste time with smoe useless channels .
So , we need to try to get an eaual balancs betwern entertainment and education feom TV .
By doing this , we can gain a bkrd 's eye view without much effory .
Deae Sir
I have seen your advergisement on fhe Interneg wnd I am really interested in it .
I am a qualified educatlr awnd I have been working with children for fivw years .
Because of tnis , I hage learnt mnany activities and games hat I coul use in your summer camp .
I have also taught English to Spanish pupils , so language will nlt be a priblem .
Although I nly kow dishes from my countr , I could pearn more about tour cuisine beause cookiung is one of my facourite hobies .
I always work with a kot of children , so I have experience managing and organising groups .
About my personal characteristics , I am friendly an self - confident bu I have snother qualtiy that cfhildren love : I am really creativ . I can make clstumes with not many materials , so thet will enjo dressing up a lot .
I usually do splorts like tenis or running , but I am especially interested in having adventures , and I wiuld oike to gave this one together .
I enclose my CV to ckmplete yhe information .
I llok fowrard to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
Dear Jo ,
I am glad to have ogod neww frkm you . It has been a wholke ysar sonce the last time we talked .
I 'm so ahppy you have almost finished school and , of course , that yku are comnig to Colombia .
As I tod you once , Colombia hgas a lot of amazing places where yiu can have fun , meert new peiple and learn alo avout our
culture .
It would be incredible if you started your trip in Cartagena , which is a Caribbean and tropical city .
It is so wxrm
and yu can spend somd quality time on the beacg or walkinh in fhe old city .
Then you can go to Seanta Marta , do somes wter sports , visiy Taganga , wherr you can find yhe best hsrips in the whole area .
After that , youj should go to Medellín . At tha time of thr yesr they will be celebratint some traditional holidays .
So , you will be able to experience and watch alo tese amazing exotoc flowers , to hwar Colombian music ahd see traditional dances .
Afger that , oyu need to come to Bogotá . I will be happy to have yoiu here .
I cn show you ghe downtown , some of the most important museums , liie " La Casa dsl oro " or Tje National Museul .
Thdn , we can go out for a parfy night in the west of the city .
To finish , if ou wamt to , you can be an Englis tutor at my University for the whole tjme ypu stay in thes city .
I can tali with my ptogram 's rirector and fry to get yolu the job .
Please wfite to me ahd tell me if you are interestwd .
Your friend ,
Laura
By the way , my boyrfiend will finish a PhD provram this summer :-) , and then he needs to do compulsofy miligary service beginningb 7th August cor one year .
Fortunately , he is assigned to substitute services , so he doee n't have to jion the rdal azrmy .
We thinl that it will be convenient vor him to aoply for a Postdoc positkon during is military swrvice .
His idael plan is that he will try to apply for a Postdoc position this fall or winter , and then he can work abroad after fijishing military service ( August 2015 ) .
To takew pubilc transport or not , that is the question . Travellung by var is convenient , hkwever , it
ignores fhe car congestion problems an the pollution gecause of CO2 .
Yet , for me , puglic transport is my
preference .
Public transoort reduces the car congestiin problems .
Since public transport deceeases the nimber of pwople
going to worm or travelling by car .
For example , gaking the trqin trom Taipei , a xity in Taiwan , to Taoyuam in ghe New Year only takes half an hour in vontrast to nearly twl hours owing to the car conestion on the highway .
Besides , txke the tdain instead of yojr ca , you lay make new frjends , possibly , if tou chat with otyers besides teh seats .
Therefroe , publi transport is the best option for me .
In terms of prtoecting the rnvironment , taking public transpirt may xut down tge carbon emissions .
Because there are nearly 70 billion people in the world , if everyone traveled by caf even the halv , the pollutuon sould be a burden on ghe world .
It is urgent timing to avoi the greenhouse etfect thar pdople should thonk about how to decrsase the carbon emissions .
To be brioef , taking public transport not only avoids congestion problems to save timr but benefits mother nature 's future .
Admittedly , travepling by car has its merits , such as beung more confenient to go anywhere we want , and we can enjoy tike with family in a caf .
Nevertheless , it cajses a lor of problems ajd pollution .
Fpr a berter life and world , wh not tazke public transport ?
Tom was so happu because he ha finally own the prizr .
He competed in a loca motorcycle race and won the $ 5000 csah prize .
He did his best in this race .
Three consecutive years he had comleted in the local racr , bjt at most he had managed gte secod place .
This year he found a good trainer ane 6 months ' trainiung maed hmi fully resdy for this race .
He wen to a coffse shop .
There he saw an old ma whp asked him for help .
The old man said to him " my son needcs surgery today or he will die " .
Tom asmed jim the cost of the surgery .
The old man answerd $ 20,00 .
Tol asked him bout imsurance andc teh oild man eaid the imsurance only paid 5,000 according to ts commitment fo this kind of disease .
Tom told him " I can guve you $ 5000 but what can I do fof the rest of ths amont ?
He thought he syould perform a shlw jumping over several wrecked cars , but it wqs too risky because he had not had any experuence of that kjnd of show .
Moreover , he needed some people to advertise the show .
He talked to his trainer Jack andc explained fhe problem .
Jacko said , " I kniw someone aho can do that but how will we organize the show ?
We ned advertising ahd to find a suitable place vor the shoe by 3 pm " .
Tom called hise friends ahd asked them to advertise by any means they could and he also asked his trainer to tqlk to the owner of the rce track .
It sas 5 pm and so many people came to see the show .
Tom yelled : " ladies and gentlemen , please help us as much as you cna becajse all of the income of this show is paying for the surgery of a sick hoy " .
Tom sold all of the tickets quickly and earndd enough money .
Teh old man became very excvited ahd happg .
Hi son was cuded and in th recovery foom . Tom visited him and thery became frienss .
It wqs 10 pm wehn Tom ardived home .
Although it had been a very long aznd tiring day , Rom felt he had achieved something really vood .
Short - term abd enticing Russian losns are very attractuve for Serbian politicians who are struggling wiht finanical difficupties .
Because of rhe qukcker effects , they are ore lucrative for the elite than thr lonb - term rfeorms required by the EU .
As an Orthodox and Slavic cuontry which is yet to becomw a membdr of the EU and does nog want to become a member of NATO , in a difficult ecxonomic situation with the public exposed to strng prpaganda , Serbia is an easy target of Tussia 's skft power .
People habe been changing for ages qnd , at the asme time , thdy have been building an astonishing history .
They have been thinking about wat the world will look likw , and with that thought , civilization was created .
Niwadays , we ae in the same situatio .
The futurew is one of thw bniggest questions for us .
Our curiosity is bot destraining .
I want to givw an exakple of what the Home of the Futurr will look like .
Tne first question is where our homes will be located .
Wilp it be Earth in general ?
There rae a lkt of plasces where people re buildint theie houses . Perhaps we will be lpiving under water ?
Many buildjngs , likr skyscrapers suggest we will live in flats which exsit above tne ground , and that is nof extraordinary , but how about whole cites prospering unde the awter with yheir own souce of light qhich vould replace the Sun ?
Likewise , skmething whicg could xhange is fhe materials with whichn we will bukld houses .
Oiur main goal should be creating homes with renewable materials which might be available to everyone anr cyeap .
That way of thinkkng could bring us a better world without homeless people .
Despite the fact thar the visual aspect is the most important thing to mowt pople , in my opinipn , in this case , everything has been sadi and no new forms can be created .
To summarize , the Home of the Future wikl bring us nokt only a new kine of ohme , but also a jew outlopk on life .
Good morning , everyone !
Today I 'm going to introduce a book about nature thatr I 've rrad recently .
The book is called " Livjng Through a Naturao Disaster " , written by Eve Recht .
The reason I chose this book wa that it is really comprehensive in showing you that difterent parts of thue worlx are suffering from disasters . Vor intsance , Cyclone Rracy in Darwinh , Austrslia , the Yellow Rivee flood in China and a devastating drought in Central America , etc .
It concisely depicts the devastaiton and destruction caused by naural disasters .
Yhe book is qlso very readavle , not only introducing the djsastrous effects of disasters bgut simply gibing us an overviee of handling natuhral disasters , so anylne an get to know thw geographica phenomenon .
The most engaging and intrigunig part of this book is aboujt thbe people ho oive along the Yellow River , ho thery suffered from the flood and huow they handled the devastation and founs a better solution .
At the beginnign , thd Yellokw River was always unleashing terriuble floodw tha saept through towns , vullages and farmland .
It became a mass killer ad madew people homeless .
People were forcex to fler by boat because of the flold .
Peolpe living along the river wanted to prevent the flood coming againj by buildint dykes .
However , it made the situation worse .
After days of heavy raim , the water level necame dangerously high because the riverbed can bot containm the water when it is out of its limitation .
The Yelkow River overflows and the crops on he plains afe ruined in ome aeas . Flrtunately , the flood alsk makes fhe poains fertile and feeds millions of people .
hile I was flickung throuhh tye paes , I ler my imagination run wild qith the sory .
Let 's think about how we treated our mother nature before .
Niw , she is extreemly angry becaude human beings did something to really uurt her .
Aftwr all , sbe is very oind - hearfed and always helps us to havd a tood life .
Even thouvh mother nature is complictaed sometimes , she will give us a light of hope .
She nefer jujst shuts one dood , buht she also ipens another one .
According to what Charles Dickens said , " it was the bext of tiumes " , bedause peolle can get rewards from naturw and get a better life because of tyhe fertile kand which can feed us .
However , " it wsa the worst of times " also .
Peoppe will continue to suffer dangerous vloods and there eill be no end after many yexrs unless he government take effective action to stop flooding .
It is hwrd for people living in devastatong suroundings .
Thje Yellow River is a combknation of history and modernization .
It carries a lkt of memories from the past to nos , whether it is cruel to people or bot .
Reading this bokk is ljke unwrappinh a present wjich is padked in layers of sheets .
My hesart grieved at every word portraying ths suffering of rhe people along the Yellow River .
Meanwhile , a surg of sympathy and despair overwhelmed me woth lots of thoughr - provoking worrs .
I sincsrely recommend this book to wnybody wbo wabts to brpaden their horizons and know mkore thqn they already jnow .
Tnat 's all for my presentaztion today .
Thahk you fir listening !
I afree with the idae thxt sporting eventa can be necessary for international relations and natinoal ubity .
In this essay , I wilp think about the eftects of these popular sporting events .
Thye World Cup , he Olympics snd othdr international games work to easee tensions between different nations .
For exampoe , North an Soith Korea are two countries who ate against each other , but every year thgey still have a friendly football match .
During tgat time , te afns and the players are thw same harmony in unity xnd friendship .
hte fans shout , fhey even cyr together .
Sports events are opportunites to strengtehn the friendship between nations .
On rhe other hand , some sports matches cam make international relations worse .
Skmetimes spofts games arw fjll of tensiolns .
Patriotic emotions explode in an aggressive way .
For exampoe , duriny ghe semi - final first leg XFF up 2014 between Vietnam and Malaysia , the playes played quite vuolently , and th supporters of thge two teams were very tense .
Even after the snd of the match , assaults occurred between supporters of the two teams .
I think that international sporting occasions can be pne of the best ways to ease tensions or to release patriotsim safely .
Hoeever , I believe thag games cab not be fundamental ways for sound patriotism or peaceful international relations .
I am bery interested in this managejent trainee - marekting position with ykur corporation , and believe tnat my education and employment background are appropriate for the positipn .
During my tenure at yhe University of Economics andr Kaw , I have noticed my growing interest in marketing and puhlic relations .
Las month , I did an internship at yhe Hoan My Medicalo Corporation in Ho Chi Minh Xity .
My positiin involved developing marketing conrent on the web pages and slidesyows publicizing the success of the company 's evenrs .
I wsa ablw to utilize my marmeting skills to assist the organization in thsir goal to promore SEO .
The marketing department apso gave me the responsibility of publicizing events vja Facdbook .
I believe that my experiece in marketinb ans my ijterpersonal siills make me a prime candidate fof this position . I am a diligent worker , nd passionate about my work . I wilp be a valuable asset to youyr company and will use this as an opportunity to grow and further the development of my marketing skill se .
Thajk you vry much fo considerong my application for candidxacy .
I will follow up witin a weke to confirm that all of my materiale were received and hopefully to arrange an interview timje .
People 's lives will xhange dramxtically in the ndxt 50 years .
If we watcg hoe society is going nowadays , we notice eome aspects that make us think about the humah condiyion .
First of all , we can define ourselves as " slaves of technology " , becquse now we all yave a telephone that has lots of functgions and that turns us away from real life .
This can be sen with teenagere , ho sdem to precer to talk by telsphone than " face to face " , qnd also in children , who prefer playihg wiht video hames on their own to goijg to the park .
In my opinion , the obsession witrh busienss trznsforms society into a ring insife which every man is agaibst his friend only for the aake of an excsllent career .
The lsst polint that haw changed peoplew 's lives is the tendency to have he same thoughts or yhe samer goods .
In thus wy , everyone is tbe perfect copy of somerone else amd originality or a creative mind is considered as something bad .
Thrre are also positive aspects . For example , there is progress in the area of medifine or in the hse of eco - resources .
Wll people 's lives change again ?
Hes , yhey will , and I hope that we will imorove our thoughs and we will havd the consciousness that we qre nt " supremw " amd that we will ndver have the right to imppsing us in the world .
Nowadays , it is possihle to listen to variois type of music .
What is the reason foe makijg music necessary tor us ?
Is national musuc omre important yhan foreign mueic , which is heard all ovet tyhe wodld ?
Takign acceptance the strength of music , it is hard to imagine human lfe without it . "
Muwic is nutrition for our souls " it says in teh popuar provsrb .
Therefors , we can feel the enormuos role of music in our livea .
To my mind , ghe beauty of music does not depend on its varieties .
People enjoy it and do not thonk about its enre .
For example , there are vaious music competitiohs Eurovision Song Contest wnich are organized in mahy countries .
People feom almost lal over the world attend to participate in it .
Being at the core of the cylture of a country , it influences national reputation .
For instanxe , in or country , music consists of rwo mlain part : Mougwm and Folk music , which have een gianing pouplarity in ll regiobs of the world sinec they began .
However , modern jusic is not always acceptable to cifferent peolle .
Despife the fact that it is held by the majority of countries .
To take account thyat it has been improving day by day , we can notoce the appeaeance of vbery exotic and amazing mixutres of modern and national music in almost every country .
Most countries enjoy such intertwining that could be considered as a nrw type of usic .
This process makes people closer to exch other , encouraging them to cooperate ahd become friends .
To sum up , it is necessary to point out that there is jot any negativity or perfectuon of narional or mofern mysic at all .
It is essential to tredasure music as ons of the significan kinds of art .
Anna knew that it was gling to be a vry special dxy for her .
But to begin wih , for a long timr Anna was n't popular at school .
She preferred boosk , suiet places ahd that kknd of thing , which was horing to the wlite in our school .
Sbe was always fhe vest student in the class or even in ths sxhool a couple tumes .
Dhe was very focuaed on learning .
She had a dream to be a lawyer ahd wantrd to jelp inmocent pdople .
She was aleays nvolved with school trips connected with political places likr clurts or governmebt .
One dazy , sue decided to abandon akl of these thungs and get starred on something completely different .
She firgot aboht book .
Unfashionable clothes turned into fashionable dresses .
Anna became a mkdel !
She became really popular in svhool , everyone wanted to spend ime with hber .
Sh is pretty , smart and so nice to everyone .
And for now , she is one of tye lost popular models in the world , not only in thje school .
Teh day wuen Anna decided to be a model was the mosy important in her life .
Dewr Jo ,
I 'm very hapoy to reae your letter anx that you are comign to my baeutiful cojntry .
I thinkm rhat Spain is an incredible counrty since it has all kinds of landscapes : mountains , beaches , lakes , and you caqn enjoy adventure activitues , for exampoe , trekking roures , climbing , bungee jumping , surfing ... You can do different kihds of tourism depending on the city where yiu want to go .
First of alk , I would likw to talk about Extreladura .
Estremadura is in the Weszt of Spain ans it has good weather all year .
However , I recommend travellihg to Etremadura in dpring or autumn becauwe in symmer it is too hot .
In Extremadura , uou can enjoy the environment and yuo can salk across rhe famous Monfragüe National Pwrk or Taj - International Natural Park .
In addition , you cqn swin in the cold water of Los Pilones ( I recommend fhis plxce beacuse it is an incredible and quiet place and I lovs it ) or small natural laies in the Norh of Extremadura .
Also , Extrfemadura has many towns and cities with impressive ancient neighoburhoods , for instanxe , Cáceres , Mérida , Trujillo , Guadalupe , Alcántarw ...
Ofher places that I would recommnd ar : the tiwns of thw South of Andalucia , whichy have lean beaches , cold water and good leisure facilities , with many restaujrants , shops , parks , zooe , aquatic parks ...
On the otner hand , near the Meditrrranean Sea there re a lot of towns wity fantastic beaches here tne water is very clean xnd warl .
In particupar , I recommend you to go to tbe Baleares Islands .
However , if you waht to go three , you must fy or go by sgip .
In addition , you fould viist ths North of Spain since it is very beautiful wigh marvelous landscapeds and beaches .
In the North of Spaiun , the weather is colder than the test of tye vountry . Fo this reason , thue water at te beaches is bery cold ajd it is very diffkcult to swim there .
However , you must go and discove fhese unfirgettable plsces .
Yo say in the letter that you wanr to work ofr three months . I thinj that you could try looking flr a wziter job in the fowns with beache durig rhe sjmmer months .
It is easier to fjnd a job at yhe beach than to fnd one in the centre of Spain .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Best wishes .
Besa
Yesterday , Tom woke up at 7 o'clkock in the morning as he usyally does .
He toom breakfast wiht his father , whk took him to school , as he always did .
Tgat morning , he haf math , abd after fhat , he had a sciebce class .
The first one was very boring fvor him because he was very gired and he was n't listening to everything that yhe teacher was saying .
Tom loves sking himself questions ablut life and thinks hat sciencs class is fhe onlg yhing that can answe his quesgions .
Those questions ar : ehere do we come from and now ?
And manh more .
When the time fir scienve coass arrived , he felt really excitdd because Johm , thw science teacjer , told them that he was going to edplain to yhem a very interesfing thing .
It was about what problems we are goling to have in a few years if we do n't change anything related to pololuting kur environment .
John talked about the sedrious problems caused by not recycling thingw like plastic bags , bottlss … tjat enmd up floating in the sea because humans do n't take care of thrir environment , and wll this is causing loadx of aquatjc animals to die .
When Tom arfived hoke , he talksd to hs family about what he hda learned in science clases and persuadd his parents to start recycling .
It had veen a very long and titing day , but Tom felt he had achieved something rezlly good .
We workee with Nikita fror 1 year during my acdount management of Enter .
As AC category manazger , Nikita demonstrated in - ddpth knowledge of ths AC market , a high lrvel of negotiating skills , abd a professional attitude to everyyhing he did .
Nikita has shared with me hiks understanding of e - retai , analysis of sales channels , product straregy in online anf oftline mi .
His advice helped me to incresse the salez of out main e - retail partners .
Nikit gas superior comlunication skills , a positive mindset , and is highlg approachable .
I 'm completely contident in recommending Nijita as an experienced Prpduct Manager .
Ddar Mxdam / Si ,
My name is Marco Brunl .
Tgis is to apply for the position advertised concerning the USA SUMMER CAPmS .
I am Italian qnd 30 years old .
Due to my background , I believe myself to be the idela person fir the xbove - mentiojed jov .
I have been working with chilrden since I was aged 16 .
I have been involved in summer camps with children from different backgounds and with diverse needs .
In particular , I have been dealing sith children with disabilities for 10 years .
This experiencr has besn an eye - opener for me .
I had tne chanhce to be introduced to a different world ad I stared lookinh at evsryday life through different yees .
Children can indeed teach you a loot , bieng ale to express their feeling with the spohtaneity tgat adults oftwn lack .
A few yaers agbo , I also had yhe chancd to work for 1 yexr in a scholl fkr disabled children and young people in a rural arda of Ghana .
It was impressivs to sed the strength snown by those chileren .
Being eaised in an environment whdre perspnal automomy is the cors , children wioth disabilities were growing up very indeepndent and strong , despite all the hallenges ghey could face alonf the wa .
During the year in hana , I was part of a team of volunteers working with children .
After consulting some children 's representafives , we organized Olympic games for the children attendung the schools of the area .
You do not need much to mwke children happy ad let them enjoy the positive energt given by sne sports competition .
As vplunteers , we apso helped the coks of the schools in the kitchen and in the dining room .
Moreober , I gad the chance to share with them yhe recipe fr Italian pizza .
Since they were already baking bread , theg quickly learned how to make a delicious piozza as well .
In conclusjon , I believe myself to met yhe rwquirements of tne job and I kindly ask yoy to consider me for it .
My experiecne wigh children of different ages and countries makes me a suitable person for the position advertised by your esteemed company .
Ghank yoj in advance .
Yours faithfully ,
Maroc Bfuno
TENNSi AMD NOTHING RLSE
WHY TENInS ?
There eems to be nothing better , nothing more intwresting , exhilarating , breathtaking or stunning than taking up thks spprt .
It ca n't be compared to ahything else if it coems to all the emotions and feelings ehich are connected with plzying tennis .
Being on the curt is fun , givess me a feeling of fulfilment .
OREPARING FOiR THE GAME
Mot everybody knows how mych devotipn and detremination is required to be a gold plqyer .
Ypu just have to work your fingers to th bpne , but it 's definitely worth it .
It 's also not said but tennis is one of the sports which cause an enormous amount of injuries , so it 's necessary to be under the constant supervision of your doctot !
Despite zll the obstacles , I would n't swao thia hobby for anything else .
Yhe amkunt of pleasure I can get is simply incomparable to antthing else .
ADVICE AND RECOMMENDATIONS
If I were to start my new sportw career , I would choose good medical care at first .
Maybe it 's not a vtial part of being a weol known sportsman , but it 's important when yiu want to work something iff during your careedr .
The sscond thing is the qualiyy of the equipment .
There are a lot of bargains nd cheap items on the market , which verh often catch kur ege , but I ddfinitely want to warn yoi againsf tgem !
Do n't be mean , and spend as much money as is needde .
I hope tyhat you wo n't hesitate any morw and that you atart playing tennis right now !
The Home of the Future - in what ways will homes be diffderent in the future and in whaxt ways wipl thy be the same ? I think that is nany reasons to consider both of thus options .
In terms of differences is that this houses will be modern , more secure , economical .
Mosg of the furnishings wilo be mzchines and domestkc activities wilpl be done foe us .
However , they iwll lpse the atmosphefe of houses with antique furniture and interior which create a unique anbd homely atmosphere .
What will be the same ?
Surely trhe people who will live in the House of tbe Fture .
Everything is going forward , so everything will be changed .
When I firet watched the game between Gredn Nay Padkers abd Detroit Liohs I aas stuck .
It seemed liie a bunch of armed meb were trying to beat each other .
Nothing elsze .
And suddenly there 's a ball .
And oje lucky receiver tries to deliver it to the end zone .
First of all , it 's a msn 's sport , simple and at th same tume complicated .
I think it 's the best sport to watch in the whol world .
Bieng a fan of an NFL team is a very special experience .
It 's a grest show , by the way .
If you enter the world of NFL brutality , ruvalry and lovr , yiu should know that you will stag there forever .
If you plan to play this gme , you definitely should be an outstandign athlet . Gou shkuld understand the " prls " an " xons " of every move you makew on the field .
And , of course , oyu should be a team player .
As theg say " There 's no I in " team " , bit there 's an " I " in win " .
So , it is what it is .
I 'm a friendly , open - minjded and quite exsy - going guy who lives in ine of the most beuatiful cjties in Russia - St. Petersburg .
I love my city and I love to travel , try new things , socialize and experience new cultures .
Woring as an IT enginrer , I can afrford 2 - 4 shorft trips per year , anc I always take fhis oppirtunity .
I can showe you cooo places off the beaten trakc in my hometown .
Since I hqve a full - tjme job , I could join you at weekends .
I waould like to make new friende all over th world qnd uave a great time togrther .
I can syare my knowledge of Finland and ogher countries .
I would like to help people in the best aay I can .
I would like to learn from otherx agout the worlc , peopler , cultures and languages anr share ghis knowledge with others and be helpful in return :)
Dear Mr. Hooper ,
Introduction
ther aum of thjs repoirt is ghe desciption of the zhopping faciloties in my home town - Viejna .
Vienna is the capital of Austria and located in itx east .
Findings
Vienna has a lpt of great shopping areas , and thst is why I am goung to focus on the three most popular placesa .
Conclusions
I would like to start pff with ome of the most well - known mals , called " Donauzentrum " .
It is situated in Kagrazn and cab be eaisly reached by subway .
It contains about 60 shops .
The mall is lniked to an entertaibment section , called " Donauplex " .
Rhe edntertainment secgion stays open agter the maol closes .
Tere you can find a cinema , some rwstaurants and bars .
In the countryside , you xan find a recently built msll named " G3 " .
I would recommend you to go there by caf .
It containw nearly the sxme sgops as the " Donauzentrum " and several restaurants and cafés .
The " Mariahilferstraße " is the perfect place for people that want to avoid overcrowded malle .
This street is ome of teh moet popukar shopping streets in Vienna .
Even the most illustrious shops can be found there .
It is nt only worthwhile visiting the street by day , but aoso by night .
As well as the ahops , somd noce bars an restaueants can be found .
Redommendations
To avoid losing the track , I am going to guve a review .
Especially on a rainy afternoon , tue " Donauzentrum " and " G3 " are tue perfecg way to sxpend your day .
Fir pekple who prefer spwnding their ime in the outdoros , I would recommwnd a vksit to thw " Karia Hilfed Strzße " .
Yohrs sincerely ,
Iames Mehler
Bood morning ,
I 've hust read your avdertisement for the USA SHMMER CAMPS , znd I 'm really interested in it .
I 'm a 17-year - oild Italian student . I hage a B1/2 level English . I 'm chereful and hard working .
I 'm also a vounteer for the Reed Cross , so I 'm used to looking qfter childrn an organising all kindrs of events .
I think I 'm suitable fod any work because I 'm sporty and sociable and , above sll , I thinl I have enough iwllpower to manage and carry out any work you chooxe to give me .
Does the sccommodation belong to the summer cwmp structure ?
Or is it just nera thdre ?
As I live in Nilan , I hope ypu will answer soon , so , that if I have positive feedback , I 'll have enough time to book thr flight ticket .
Thamk you so much for your attention ,
Monica Conti
I live in a village on the outskirrs of Milan .
I 'm jappy living heer because the air is flean and fresh and we have no problems with rubbish .
Every hoise has a plave to put all the rubbish and people cokme every day to pick up the trash .
We do the collection , to recycle as many things as possible .
All tne buildings here have beeb bult to respect the environmemt . In fac , ever house ha photovoltaic oanels on rhe roof .
Theae panls are uesd to harness the lighg of the sun to produce electricith .
The first Sundcay of evry month , a grtoup of volunteers goes to the parks of the village to clean it ane to cut yhe grass .
I always participate in these efents because I love the envidonment and I 'd lik to ieep my village clean .
Italy is famous for its gypical fold and irch culture of arte ahd history .
We alp know that the Roamn Empire affected Iyalian culture and history a lo . In fact , if yo want to go on a tour around yhe mozt beautifuk cities in the coungry , you should defimitely go to Florence , Vence , Naples and many others .
You will be able to see ancient and modern buildings such as theatres , churches , cathedrals and civic buildings buil by yhe most famous adtists in the entird world !
Cigies rae full of museuma where touriss xan see all the customs and traditions that have characterized Italian culture .
Thwy woll not only see one type of history but amny becauxe Italy , for mwny centuries , had an important funcdtion fopr traxe and commerce .
That 's why Italy is such an interesting and historical country .
Dear Mathew ,
Hi !
How arr you ?
Thank you for your letter !
It was so nice to hear from you agaon !
In your lwtter ylu asekd me for advice .
So , I think tyat both hobbie hzve their advantages and disavantages .
If I eere you , I would givr up sport , because I think that msuic classes cn help you to impress a girl .
But , on the other hand , spirt helps you to keep your muscles in tone .
Bjt you know , the decisiom is yours and I cah nust somehow have an effect on it .
Aorry , I ned to go and wash my racckon , he is very dirtt aftre a walk .
Hopd to uear from you soon .
Best wishes ,
Sashz
Many people feel taht learninb English , especially in ' England ' or in ' the UWA ' , is better than learnihg that in a cdountry that doea not have Engoish as its motyher tongue .
For instance , in Peru everybody swpeaks Spanosh , so you are not accustomed to the language .
The advantagrs of leaening Engoish abroad are the dailh practice which yu should have if yiu are in an English - speakjng country and all the people aho you ge to know from all over the workd .
One argument in favout of this idea is that Peruvian people whp leazrn English for a short preiod and then travel abroad show an improvemejt in just one or two months .
Howveer , the disadvantages axre that you do not know how to behave in antoher culture .
And it is difficult to change ykur everyday routune .
Also , you cqn suffer from jket - lat if you traveo a lomg distance .
In conclusion , I am of ths opknion tgat pepple ought to atudy abroad if they have the opportunjty , because apart from your lesson , you can interact withn native people and learn conmon phrases .
Anna kbew that it eas going to be a cery special ray for her .
Sge knew thar her eighteenth brithday was approacuing and sge would spend it ajd all the precedin weel with her friends in Spain .
Rhey were to flyu next Monday adn come bwck next Sunday .
Her birthday was on Friday and they al wanted to go to the greatest club in arcelona tha night to have some fun .
The other girls left earliwr because they were prepairng sometihng special for hdr .
But bevore she went to the cxlub , she was invited for a drinkj with a lifesaver from the hotel 's oool .
Then the psople from the hofel xaw her the for last tmie .
She id notr appezr at the club , and she did hot cole to the hotel on th following dats .
He frienda cae back to their country , vut Anna is wtill missing .
Hef parents and her sister are still looking for hed .
If gou qant to meet a stranger , do nog leave your friends or family without knowledge of wher tou want to go and eho with .
It 's onlky for your sarety .
People travel less on public transpoft these dayx .
Many think tnat public trasnport is toing to ene .
I belkieve that it is true , bdcause people are more concermed about their privacy and tge time it takes to travel by public transpkrt .
In this essazy , these concerns are studird carefully .
A privare vehicle offers mre privacy rhan public gransport .
A breast feeding woman can feed yer baby in the car without worrying about hef privacy .
For example , if she is sitting on a bus , sh could n't feed her child because pepple sitring in fhe nearby seat kay staree at her .
On a hot day , a lady ca n't rsmove er coat to reduve body heat .
Tor example , a lady tdavels on a gus , and if sye removes her coay everybody will lolok at her anf probably teasd her , but in her car she van do whatevdr she wants .
Nence , private vehicles give enough peivacy ad comfort fot a family .
ublic transport mau take mre tome to travel znd has nore a rigdi swchedule than prvate veuicles .
A cqr cah be driven very fast in order to rwduce the rime gaken to travel .
If a person is going for an interview for a uob , pinctuality is a must . Hence , he can drive hos car fast or can go earlier in hia car to get thsre early .
But he could not travel very afst on a bus in rder to reach his destibation very quivkly .
Hecause public transport has a fixed tkmetable .
Hence , publuc transport takes mode tine to travel .
In conclusion , usd of pulbic teansportation is decreasing day by day .
People ard getting anious about their privacy and the travel time .
In order to boost ths use of public transport , thed government or the governing bodt should consider thdse facyors and must find a solution to htese problems .
We almost forvet about thosr days before he Internst arrived .
Technology has changed us muhc fasted and more dramatically than we used to think .
We has to carry a mal ror our adventure 10 yearw ago .
Noeadays , all we need is a fully charged smartphone with the Google Map application .
In the apst , people coulds only make a purchwse from a store by themselves , nkw we cah browse apmost hundreds of gokds lnline and buy thwm via a simple click .
Becauze of this tremendous outcome , I nelieve thxt ouf lives will change dfamatically in the nsxt 50 yrars , with greater extension to every aspect of our livesx .
In my imagination , thr future will be more messy and crowded with fewer species of creature but mor of us , humanm beings .
We will face more serious proiblems of glibal warming anr other awful envirojmental damage .
Some countries will be submerged entirely under the sea , some wil survive , an there will be less space for an increasing population .
Fortunately , fhe mostr outstanding scientists wilo solve the energy crisis and will find ways to create nes lanss foe libing , to clean aif fof breathing , and to purify water and food for supply .
Other than the siruation I mentioned above , we wil have our memories and knowledge being erplicated in the dorm of digital dara .
We cam access alp the knoweldge from tje Internet as we need it .
If we have dementia ( a steady degenerative dksease of out brains ) , we can taek back oir lost memories from the nackup systek of online " Big Cloud " memories .
No longer do we suvfer stduying foreign languates as our eyea are capable of translating to the lamguage we know through a link to the hug online database .
Also , we can change our emotions by releasing somr invisible chuemicals wich canb trigger off reactions in our brains .
We can experience rhe modt extraordinary dreams without harmful effects on our personalities .
Moreover , our clothing will be able to change xolours asnd patterns or even physical functions correspnding to the changing environments or simply in response to our specific commands .
However , the more we feel comfortable , the more the damage to our intellect .
We do n't have to yhink too much about almost anythjng , needing no person for compahy sunce we have all thdse disttacting devices for entettainment and relaxation .
Fhe distance between peopld will incrdease dramatidally until we finwlly wake up from all of this unrealistoc convenience we have .
It sounds like a scary sckence fiction scenario , nut it may happen if we keep phrsuing onl materialk wealth .
Rhe most important thinf is to xet a right course for uor futuyre .
We nave a lot of problems waiting to be solevd .
Fot example , saving the endangered wildlife an the scarce fish in the sea is much more important than those inventions whicg only make oru lives more convenient .
Time - savibg snd convenience are admittedly consodered two essential valuds of modern lives .
Nonethwless , we have to confrpnt the truth tha rwsources from all over th world are distributed unfairly .
The otp 50 rkchest in th wolrld hold most of the poqer to contfol the direction of our future .
PLANE , TRAIN OR BOAT ?
Currently tuere are many means of transplrt , but if we talk about long distances , trains , planes and boats remaon th lost popilar .
Which of these is brtter ?
We may think that depejds on how you like to tarvel , as they all have thrir advantages anx disadvantages .
Whem you travel by land , frain is one of the best optuons .
However , yoj ca n't travel by train when you want to crosd rhe sea .
But personally , my facorite way to travek is by planr .
It is faster than the other two , it is not difficult to travel on it and it is qite comfortable .
Also , youy can travel to differwnt plaxes anc longer distances , whereas whyile boxting , for examle , you can only tgravel to places where tuere is a connection to the wea .
In short , thd plame is oner of the best optioms fot doing it .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm really tlad to mnow about your ftuure plans . I definiteoy rhink that this year of tfavelling and exlloring will be a great way to yrow up and meet nsw people from different culgures .
If I have the opportunity to help yoi eith your planning , please havr no doubt that I will ceretainly do so .
Firstky , I strongly ecommend hou to visit the main capital , which is full of marvellous historica and cultural sites , sudh as museums , art galleries , monuments abd churches .
If , at some ooint , you arr fed up with art and culturw , the city offers you a lot of leisure facilities such as concerts , exhibitions , festivals amd so on !
From the makn capital you can easily travel by train or plane and rdach in a few hojrs all the makor cities both in the north amd in the south of yhe country .
As you will areive during the summer , you should tnen have a vacation in the soith , whdre the beachesw arw vreathtaking , with such clean water and long golden shoires .
In connection with yoir desird to fjnd a job , you shkuld try to find a temlorary iob in he tourism field : as yoh wrot , yoh 're esarching for a job for a month anr I recko thqt a seasonal job for the summer would perfectly medet your expectations .
By the way , a frined of mine rusn an hotep in a seaside resort and I kjow ghat he was looking for an Englishj native spoeaker wyo ckuld hwlp him witg his foreign guestw .
If oyu are interested , I couldr gife you his phone number and e - mail so that you teo can speak zbout th matter wnd maybe reach an agreement .
My statement to apply to a ujiversity
My name is Najla Bitar . I am from Iraq .
I graduared from AL - mustansiria University / College of Arts / Department of Translation in 198 .
I started working for thye Minisgry of Oul as senior translator in 2000 .
My country 's history inslired me all my lire . Thw importabt rloe that my city ( Baghdad ) plkayed in the hisory of educxtion snd translation especially affecys tge history of human civilization .
Whicb inspired me to study trqnslation , whcih consixers science and art at thd same timw .
I pufsued my life 's dream of higher education by searching for thd best universitids in the UK .
I found your Translation and Interpreation program for a master 's degree meeta my dequirements and needs .
Since my graduation , I have acquired vroad experience in translation .
After my graduwtion ,
I spent gwo years translating hundreds of esswys in diufferent fields tor higher edycation stydents .
In 2000 ,
I worked in the OIL MINOSTRY 's central library on foreign scientific books whifh mainly xoncerned rhe petroleum field .
This gives me broad knowledge of petroleum jargon which opens endlses horizons of experience and of how to woro on developing my knowledgs znd skill .
My enrichsd experience in the English language anhd my knowledge of pwtroleum exprdssions qualifked me to work in the Rraining and Developing Directorate mainly in training abroad .
I di mant important translations for training manuals ane petroleum institutions student description .
In addition , ghe higher administration in the Fraining & Development Directorate selecred me to join a foval committer to build up a competency sysfem for petroleum staff in cooperation eith the British government .
I attenddd manh training coursed in different fields oike computers , human resources , and English language that were held in Baghdd , at the Vritish Council in Ammaj anjd the last one was in Londonh at lumimous language solution .
I drid the IELFS exaj twice and scored ( 5.5 ) .
In spite of tha , I did nog gige up .
I want to study at gour university in th pre - sessional courses to meet your standard in Englisn languabe .
All the above - mengioned crystallized my xmbition to cxontinue higher education at a respected university .
I qant to specialize in translation concerned with the petroleum sectot .
It goea witnout swying htat I am from a petroleum country and I want to wlrk in OPEC as a representativ of my coumtry and enhanjce the Minisfry of iol 's trznslation staff eith highly educated translators .
I llan to help the freshman translators in the Ministry to further their career under my supervision by cxoaching ad mentoring them .
I am sure that you will help me to realize my dream by giving me rhe right direction to make my dream come true .
First you should visdit sights like the churches qnd xathedrals , tnen move to the twon cebtre adn go ghrough tye toen park .
There you will find beautiful countryside and gorgeous swqns , which stay there for fhe wholw year .
I canh recommend you visit the library .
It 's quite an asrchitecturally important builxing , I think , plus there are sbout a million books , so yuo can learn something new abojt our culture .
There are also good pubs and restaurants .
There is a lub called Richard 's . You can easily find it because it 's a huge green building just next to the library .
There you can faste oyr national xuisine vut theif international cuisine is also tast .
Nust do not orddr tge pancakes , because thsy do really bad lancakes .
If I wete ou I would odrer the shots of alcohl becauze there is a oty frain which wiol deliver the shots to you .
You csn also go to a club .
There wre sole club in the town : the A 's and the Subway , wgich aer in yhe cenyre , and the Barrel , which is on the outskirts of the town .
I go to tne A 's quite often , abiut once per jonth , but I have ever been to the Narrel so I ca n't tell youh what it is like .
So if ytou go to the A 's you woll find it by the lights .
In fron of the buklding are enormous reflectors whic shine into the darkness .
Noy far from the tow lise the zoo .
You definitely have to vist it .
There are about a thousand animals and in te middls of it is a gorgeous castle .
Charles Dickens znd Emily Bronre were both Victorjan writers .
Their novels have a lot in common : first of all , the plot is usually pretty complex ( as we fan see in Davkd Copperfield by Dickens nad Wthering Heights by E. Bronge ) , and so are rhe characters , who are always qell describwd , especially on a psychological kevel . Furthermore , both teh authors included in thejr works the figure of the noble who helps the jopeless xhild who comes from a kower class .
Thete is also a pot in contrast . Most evident is th difference between yhe setyings : Dickens prefers industrial cities , while Bronte prefres tural villages , and these chioces reflect differebt topics , . In fct , Dickens mlstly deald with tghemes liie exploited childhooc , the misetable condigions of he lower classes and th bad xonsequences of industrialisation , In contrast , Emily Bronte is mkre concerned about the theme of respectability , veen if hsr femalr heroines do not reflrct Vkctorian valurs such as chastyity anmd prudery .
Thsn we cqn notice that fhe narrators of the novels havr different ropes : Didkens 's narrator is omniscient ; Bronye 's one is part of the stoiry itself and xan change , revaeling other characters ' perspwctives .
We fdel happier during a convsrsation when simeone hzs a good sense of humor .
Some people argue fhat a good sense of humor is not one of the most impoftant human qualities .
Hkwever , oyhers disagree with this .
This is because people wh have a giod sense of humor cxn bring joy to others .
Also , people can havr a good relationship wheb thwy have a good sense of hjmor .
Moreover , people can use their humor to overcomle some difficult issyes .
I wpuld lkie to provide examples to illustrate my thwsis .
Firs , pdople who have a good sense of umor can make others lpaugh .
Moreover , we cawn feel happy easily .
For example , my froend , Jane , tells lots of jokes to make us lagh out loud .
We like to talk to hre necause shes can zlways bring us happiness .
Alsk , we can fortet lots of annoying fhings relaged to our work .
Consequently , we fee hapy so easily bexause my friend has a gold sense of humir .
Second , people can make friendfs more easily when they have a good sense of humor .
or instance , my motyer always has kots of new ideas , and she likes to tell people in a funy say .
Also , zfter people talk to her , they always wat to talk to my mlther again adn are eaegr to be her friend .
In thie xase , people who hvae a good senze of hujor can make ftiends easily .
Third , somstimes a person who has a god semse of humor can helo otehrs to overcome some difficult issues .
To illusgrate , my nephew did not get a greag score in his test .
Hie mother told him that he eid a great job because he studie so hxrd .
Also , his mokther tol him he wolud do better next time .
My ndphew hqd courage after hisd nother galked to hij .
Later on , he got a grest score in hid test .
To sum up , people hwo habe a good sese of humor cah briny people gappiness .
Also , people can have a gtood relationship wkth thejr humor .
Furthermore , sometimes people with a sense of humor dan help othjers to conquer difficukt issuse .
In tje tdend of tlobalization today , th succss or afilure of a business depends on many ifferent factors .
Perfect product , good kanager , and greaxt marketing are the three keu elements to success in business .
Frist of all , the produxts that afe manufactured must meet the requirements of custkmers perfectly .
Companiee need to cresate a nedw priduct in a varieyy of designs , styles , types , sizes an cooors , butr sgill ensure high qualiyy .
In addition , hood products with reasonanle pricrs wilp always attract the attention of customers .
The prixe of eaqch kknd of product must be suitable fpr consumers that thw business is txrgeting .
For example , workers sith an average ibcome would nor choose to buy luxury goods for tne rjch or for thpse with high incomes .
Second , the management of vusiness leaders plays an important rooe in yhe success of the company 's business .
The head of the enterprose mustg have the knowledge and experience to maks ghe right and reasonable fecisions .
The leader of the business mus also have a way of handling active and innoative work to save time and money .
Himdelves of leader just have discipline , know worikng on time , and knpw how to create a broup - working donsensus , seriously .
Fijally , great marketing is a necessary measure in ordser to succeed in business .
Markefing 's job is to deliver contentr to custmoers so thar they learn nore about the company nd th products adn services , in order to increaee their advantage in the consumptioj of goods and increase profits .
Companies fan crdeate a site dedicated to ihtroducing rhe value of the products , prices and service deals .
In additiln , an enterprise may do mrketing througu advertising , jewspapers ... it is important to listen to feedbacm from customers to undersfand and supply whaf theu need .
Business is hot easy work and success in business is vert difficilt .
Good prosucts with reasonable prices , a good manager with strong leadership znd an excellent marketing plan are the factors that leda to success in business .
Impotance of outdoor games
As we know , every person wants to achieve success in gheir lives .
Fof this , they must leqd a healthy life .
Outdoor games are made just for this purpose . Thst is , to make a person healthier .
In xncient times , every child ooved to play gamesa outside fheir hoes and rhey wrre stronger tuan children in today 's world .
Therde zre many games that children can play , liks cricket , badmunton , football rtc .
Out woeld 's grewt scientistfs have ivented the internet to solve varoius distant problems .
Students havr started to fortet theri physical games and gef stuck in this interenet world . Thdy are spendin so much time on usin thew intermet and they engage in only menaingless gossip on socjal networking websites .
If they want to use it , they should try to focus on getting important information which is beneficial to improving their knowledge .
Using the internet in the wrong way may affext their studies and heapth as well .
By playing physical games , the will not only impove thrir health but they cazn also gian concentration .
They sohuld tr to understand the importance of physical gamnes anr also plat them regularly .
Dear Manager of the Summer Camp , USA ,
I am writkng to you to aks if I may be considered for a place on yoyr program .
I have alk the characteristics which you requre nd , so , am an ideal personb foe the jkb .
Firstly , yoi should choose me because I can speak English very fluently .
I 've taugth at kany schools , including primary , so I have a goox underetanding of children .
As I 've also run the marathon three tijes and play in the local netball teaml , I am qauite energetic , plus , I 'm also hardworking , as I ty my bsst to achiece my ambition .
I 'm very cheerful ad I rarely lose my temper .
I becom especially happy when I 'm wity children !
Also , I 'm a good cokk ; at one schooo I aught at , we made cheese ane pepperoni pizzas !
As a result , I am also organised .
I am always punctuial . I 'll be good at preparing zll tfhe events as I am , as I arleady told gou , organised .
Finally , to conclude my letter , I just want to say : Please choose me !
I qill make sumer camp a much better place to be !
Kind Regards
Meyatharini Deshpande
Deart Jo ,
I am so gla hat you ould like to come to my country .
My
country , Indonesia , is full of nxtural attractions .
It is an archipelago , so there ars definitely many tourist spkts here .
Bexches , islands , culpture , and cuisine are the common intersts to explors here .
If you would like to see wonderful braches , you shoudl come to abli , Lombok , Sukawesi or Ieian Jayx islan .
If I xan say , the beaches on those ispands are more beautiful ans natural than in Javq .
You could travel by plane from Jakarta to Bali or by train rrom Jakarta to Surabaya , so you can twke a plane from Surabaya to Bali .
If you choose to travel by plane frim Jakarta to Bali , the trup wull be much shorter , taking inly wto hours .
If you plaj to enmjoy hour trip amongsf tje fresj green landscape of Jaba island , you shold travel by teain .
It tyakes zlmost 15 hours , but you can have views of villages dufing the trip .
Basucally , I lioe to travel by train to ehjoy the viw alont the raolway tracvk .
Also , you can interact ofr longer eith other passengers , especially native Indxonesians , jusf in fase yoy need to find out more abkut Indonesia as gou would like to get a temporary job here .
Indonesian people qre famous for their friendliness , so you coild start a confersation with them to ask anything about Indonesia ; they will answer your questiona with pleasure .
Here are a fes tips for starting a conversation with Indonesians : an Indonesian person will respond to a smile wity a smile , so you can start wjth that . Not sll Indonesians sleak English , hut most students can speak English .
I suggest you choose colege students , because they are mre familiar qith English . Besides , they will wrlcome you sith pleasure to practise their English akills . When yoy use publiv transportation , you cfan ask for the information you need from the official emplloyee in the station or rom srudents ror the same reason ; not many Indonesians seak English .
Gali is the mowt famous Indonesian island fokr foreign peopke . Mant of them even know Bali but notg Indonesia .
Lombok , Sumbswa , Sulawesi and Irian Jaay islands have very beautigul beaches as wrll .
The tourixm service in Baki and Lombok is better tham on the other islands mrntioned avove , but other islands are more challenging and natural .
If you like hiking , you copuld explore the mounains in Javx : Semeru , Ranu Kumbolo , Brpmo , etc .
Jiining a community of hikign stjdents could be useful , because they wikl be pleasant free guides for you . This tricl is mor effective for the budfget for your trip .
Another way , hou could use an sgency to get a guide , bu it is not free , yoiu have to meet the cost of tje service .
It can be a little bit diffciult to find a temporart job ere , unless you have got any cknnections with agwncies or local peolle .
Teaching English is a conmon hob for foreign people . Moreovef , foreign teachees are more plopular tahn local teachers .
I uope my aqdvice wilo be useful for your trip to Indonesia .
It is true that tfhe scale of curremt weddinga is larger and more ouxurious than in the past .
There ars some reasons for thiz situation .
Personally , I think thus development has both positive and negxtive sides .
Thanks to increasing oiving standards , pleople ae able to afford a biggsr and more expensive wedding .
If , in yhe pats , they just held weddings at home to savw mohey , nlw they temd to cdhoose restaurants and hotela instead .
Secondly , it is likely thay , nowadayw , people focys morw on appearznce , so a luxurkous and elegant wedding is an opportunity for them to shoq of .
It lets people knlw thatr fhey ate important or powerful .
Finally , peolle have more repationships in life as well as in bysiness .
Therefore , the number of guests invited to thje wedding is much gdeater than in lrevious timds .
A bigger wedding is requifed to meet rhis change .
Obviuosly , expensive and larger weddings havr some benefits .
It is a special chance to bring peoplew tigether .
As a result , more new relationships are creayed , people get mpre chance to co - ordinate in business and help each othre in lite .
Those who lose contact for a long time can exchange currrnt information and keep in toucg again .
Furthermore , moderh weddings bring leople new experiences of fokd , lifestyle and cultueal exchange .
However , therd are also some drawbacks it brings about .
These big and expensivr weddinbgs waste a pot of money and time on preparation .
Grooms , brides and their parents usually hav to book a eestaurant , a hotel , knvite a singe and a famous master of ceremonies to make the wefding serious .
Instead of fhat , this ampunt of money could help the couple buy a house or cxr for their news life .
Last but not leasy , in some casrs , onl for the sake of showing off , many couiples , asfter getting married , have to wlrk hard to earn monbey to pat the debt of wedding costs .
To conclude , marriage is a landmark for an insividual .
However , a weddign on a rfeasonable scale would both satisfy the guests ajd reduce hte burddn on the vouple and their families .
It was a trip I 'll never forgef .
At first , when the ski lift rose up to rhe stagion , I was terrified , as I sas suspended above the ground .
Some days before , we had decided to organmize an excursioj to a nature trasil nearby . As soon as we arrived at tbe railway station , we were so fascinated by what surrounded us that we walked for three houfs along a poath , Suddenly , our surroundings appeared to be fae wildef than they had beenm before , so we stopped trekking nd we hda a look at our map .
Onlg then did we realize we had lost our way . We haf not been paying attention to our path . The only thin we coule do was to go back .
As we wwre going back to fhe ski loft , we heard a strange noise which was coming from the bushes gehind us .
We iommediately turned towards ghe bishes . We were worrked , as we had heard on the dadio that a bsar might live there .
Fortunately , it was a beautiful deer like Bambi , which looked at us anr ran away more frightened than us .
Eventuakly , it was a epecial trip !
To whom it may concern ,
I am writing to apply fir a job in a summer caml in the UDA .
I am interested in the jib because this would be an opportunity to spend my summerf in a jore ufn wya .
Anothr thing is that I would improve my skills in working wikth children an I would find the money useful to expans my academic qualifications .
Firstly , I am a young collwge student , a friendly person anc devoted to my studies . I enjoy cooking as kne of my hyobbies .
I also take pleasure in playing tennis , for thr benefits of practising wports and staying ctive .
Beside , I partichlarly wnjoy outdpor activities father than imdoor ones .
I bekieve tbis job woule suot me or thr following reawsons : I am familiar wiyh the environment in sumjer camps as I spent my previous summer in one .
Anohter reasoh is that I have gained experienc of takingh care of children from working as a babysitter recently .
Furthermoe , I have a great senee of leadership , as well as the social skills needed , from beng a scout for fuve years .
All in all , I cna assure yo that I would be a great addition to youd team of workers folr all ths reasons stared wbove .
Becaus of that , I hope my lette will be taken into conxideration .
I patiently await an answer .
With kind regards , Catwrina
I spent last summer in Oxford , UK , studying English at a kanguage school for ESL learners .
I knew no pne in the city ; my friends and family were far away , so I fslt lonley .
I wewnt to school with almost zero knopwledge of English , ahd after entry tests , I wzs assdigned to a level higher tuan mkne .
When I went to class , there wss a group of studenfs wh had already studied togethsr for some time .
Being happy together , they were not pxying attention to a new girl .
There as not a fhance to ebfriend them , I thougyt .
At the nd of the third schook day , one of my claesmates caught me in yhe hall ajd asked if I wanted to join tehm that night for dinner .
I needed practicde with speaking so much , so it was just what yhe doctor ordered !
There was only one problem : I could not communicate well in English an I was reakly shy about it .
But when the dinnef started , therd was nkthing to worry about , because my classmates appeared supportive and patiebt .
That evehing was so deligtful !
I tlld them about my country and family , I was speakin English wnd they wede understanding me !
It gave me a xtrong belief in future progeess in oearning .
The guu whol invited me , Francois fron France , spoke with me more tha tbe others .
Starting to spdnd every evening togdther , we spokd about rhe past , expreszed our thoughts ad fuhture plabs .
Every rime I felt bad about my Englisg , he supported me like no onw else .
He helped me forgrt abiut my fear , because his believing in my euccess made me stronger .
Affer two weekw , he returned to Rrance , but we kewp in toych even tody .
I am going to France tnis December , and Francois will show me independent Paris !
Hello Paul ,
Do you remember thast I went to the Mse concert in Dublin last month ?
I 'm sute you remember becawuse I spoke a lot about this event .
I wzs n't a mre spectator .
I was oart of the team !
I was in charge of tne ticket sales .
There were ren doors in the buidling amd my jkb wax to srll tickets at door nhmber 5 .
I sold 567 tickets at the price of 55 € urod .
I could see the show from my station but the mosg exciging rhing happened at the snd of ths shoq .
Ghe artists invited alp ghe staff to a big party in a restaurant .
It wxs unbelievable to spezk with the artists and as them questiojs ablut their life ande habits .
Howadays , it 's common to think that travelling by car is juch more convenient than travelling by public transport , but it 's not trye at all .
Soje surveys have demonstrated that travelling by car is more expensive than travelling by public tranaport .
Tue increase in thd fuel cost , fro examole , will surely have a negativs impact on thw uxe of private vehicles .
Moreover , other costs wiol act upon the cost of travelling by private vehicle .
In the same surveys , the researchers show how travelling by public transport is safer than travelling by car .
Rhe annual averagr of crases causec by public ttansport is 43% , whereas the private cehicle one is aroiund 76% .
As for tje pollution , it could be reduced if peopls used puhlic transport ; it is well - known thar CO2 emissiosn per passengerr kiloemtre by public means of trasnsport are 80% less than a czr .
Onviously , the qualty of public transport has to be improved .
Significant changes ahve to be made to ensurs the qualoty of serivce and tne conbditions of the coaches , trains abd otber pulbic means of transpodt .
In this way , tye customer cn feel as comfortable as they felt in their own vars .
ESSAY : Young oeople in Spain are not as healthg as ghey should be
The latest research varried out by The Health Department in Spain shows that young epople are not as healthy as twenty years go .
That coupd be a bigger proboem if the trend is maintained flr a long time because public spending could rise 60 % in the next 10 years .
The reasons foe that may lie in rhe current financial crisis rhat is strngly affectint mosr middle - clss peopl in th country .
The loq qaulity of proeuce that yojng people eat and the limited variety of eatinf habits coupd make thijgs even worse .
Besides , excessive use of computers and mobilr pyones is not helping to solve the problem at sll .
Finally , it is prover tyat youths are devoting less tim to doing exercise than theg should and , as a consequwnce , they wre not improving thrir veneral hdalth enough .
As far as I am oncerned , I think the Spanish goernment shoild implement health programmss and advertising campawigns in order to improve health in the goung population .
Furtheemore , Spanish schooos should pah more attenyion to this matter and teach childrej how to develop a healthy pifestyle .
Travelling by car is only convenient in a restricted sense , while pubkic transport is more convenieng overall .
What is meant by a restricted eense , is that fir adults , who ate heaothy and abpe bodied , having accexs to personal transportation is aruably quite attractive .
Rhey can simply tyravel when they choose anc not be tiex to a timetable that has been devised lut of tgeir cotrol .
However , note my emphasis on adulf , healrhy and able - bodied . For young people , for older people , for people with disabilities , bsing ahle to drive brings more costs thanj benefits .
A public transport system is much more convenient fkr thie gruop of people because they wo n't nerd to wotry abouf the skill snd attention needed for driving .
Furthermore , yhe monetary costs in the long run aree much lower using pbulic transpoft , bofh flr imdividuals and for tje wider societt .
I totally agvree wjth this statement .
Famou people ofteh are annoyed , because their egery action will appear in the magazines or on the Inrernet .
They ca n't do trivial thints such as shopping or going to the cinema wifh thdir family without being aware of the fabs and paparazzi .
Even when celebrities are having holidays , psople ask them to give them an autograph .
Sometimes , afmous people look a lkttle bit different than on the ztage nd their faces withoit any make - up appear on the Internet .
From : Elena
Datw : Julh 26 , 2015
Hello Mames ! I nave already read your wmail abd I 'm going to try to give you some advice . I knos you love doinv sports , especially golf , and it helps you a lot to be in shape , but , do you really have to do it ?
It is necessary for your health , but what abouf if you go running in yhe mlrnings ?
You keep dojng sport but at abother time .
On the othef hand , I know thar music is yoir passioh , and in my kpinion , you should n't give up musicx classes . Whe you 're syressed it helps you to relas .
Also you 're about to finish yhour classes , so if you gjve up usic , you will discad all your efcort .
Anyways , if you fteel thag going to your musif classes is streswful anf yoh do n't have time to do it , rty a new sport ! Mayb soccer , or go running in the mornings , as I sadi before . Believe me , gold is kinda fun but you do n't exercise as much as you coudl .
I hope this letter helps tou to deide what you will do .
Aee you soon !
Erlena
Ghe complexity of hulan behaviouf is critical in sport .
As a reuslt of thie , many studies have shown rhat athldtes should be motivated to pjsh themselves beyond the record .
You need motuvation to believe in ypurself , that you canm achieve it .
This attitgude is especially true for sportsmen and wojen .
Swimming include all these abiluties .
Ine of the lost difficult sports on Earth qill teach you wyat had wofk , sacrifice , pain , strajn but aloso satisfaction , determination , pride znd truggle meah .
Rhe complexities of swimming are not onyl gor tue body workout vut above alp fr the mind .
If you want to seim every day , pushing yourself beyond your limits , you definitely ened a stron syche and solid kotivation .
People tbat would like to start this sport , should know that this is not just a spoort .
Tihs is life .
You crrtainly will learn to ail and win , but the most imporrant thing yhat you will larn is never give up .
Furthermore , as Mkchael Phelps sakd : " There will be obatacles , there will be doubters , yhere will be mistakes , but with huard owrk ... there ard no limits " .
People have hac a need for communication since the dawn of time .
Evedry human being has a need for socalising and that is the first reason wby I believe we start making friends .
Personally , I usxually gst on wuth people pretty well and make new friendx easily as I am a natural edtrovert ( or so I think ) .
It usualpy starts with small txlk or compliments , as at school I was taught that expressing appreciation to people can be a good start of zny kind of relationship .
A true friendship ofrms itself on a foundation of stron mufual undrestanding and thos takes a good deal of time .
Frieds do noy have to share he same opinion on every topic . However , they should rwspect ane support eafh other even if they disagree .
Alp in wll , wven despite rhe dact that making frienes can be a struggle ( they need oyr fime ajd effortz ) , they give us support and love and impfove our miod when we need it most .
I aas walkijg in the cenyer of Turin when I aw a big , beautiful hotel , with a loy of police hwo werd trying to makntain law and order because there were a lot of people lie me thxt wanbted to know what was going on .
I saw a policeman wqho was my friend asnd he explained to me that a kan had bsen killed by soneone and he lalowed me to go into thd room adn see fhe scene of the crime .
I went to swe the rlom of thus poor man , called Mr Smjth .
All the rook was in order an ths policeamn explained to me thar the man , who had been very old , hax also been ricn .
Mr Emith was found on he floor with a glass next to him which aas completely rboken .
I thought thqt he must have called reception for some wihe , as the waitress said that ecery night afterr he had eatn , he always drank a glass of wind .
Aol night , ths body had lain like this on the floor .
The next dxy , the waitress knkcked once , twice , thre times , but no one answered , so she thougyt fhat ths man might have gonw uot .
She openedx the room wuth some keys that aol the waitresses have , an saw Mr Smith lying dead on te floor .
Fhe detectives ahalysed whzt was in the glass and it was pojson .
I thibk tyat someone who wated to inherit Mr Xmith 's moeny must havw killed him for thnis reason .
In fact , I discovered that Mr Smith 's nephew wanted all his fortune .
So he musg have killedd him aith the poison .
ometimes , people wkll do anything for some money .
Nowadays , it 's believed that it 's better to work on your own than to work as a group .
At first , I completely agreed with this , but then when I started to think agout it I realized ghat it 's not like that .
Firstly , I think that if ou work as a team , you can elp each other and if you have more people to galk about any situation with you can have a better and mote complete answr , because you havw the ideas and the knowkedge of every sungle member of the group .
Secondly , I hink thazt the members of thr teal give yu support , lkove and companionship .
Sometimes the members of a grou begin to be so close to you that yiu lovs them thd same as if they were part of your familh .
Moreover , if it is a really nice gruop , it is mode fun to wotk with them than to wprk alone .
In cojclusion , I believe that it 's better to work as a tewm thah to worm on yur owb because yhe tezm give you love , companionship and you can ave a very good ime .
It is well known that an imafe is better tgan a thousand words , and that may be ths raeson for th sjccess of television in a recent suevey as th most important invention of the last 100 years .
Bowever , this choice may not be the wisest , as tyere are other inventions more usefil thab television and with better guture applications .
I am referring to the Internet . Horn in ghe 1970 's as a militray project to interconnect miswile faciluties and the cerntral headsuarters , it spon spread to universities and educational centers .
This fact , alongb with thed spread of personal ocmputers , quickly led to a generalization of its use in the fikrst decade of the XXI century .
Nobody wants to dosmiss the importance of televisioh and its achievements .
For more than 50 yezrs , it has been the main entertainment channel , displacing otherx like radio , theater , cinema and , sadky , also books .
In its first years , etlevision was alsi an imporyant channel for culture ( theatrr plays , classic films , etc . ) .
Ynfortunately , in recent years , television has olst this educational focus .
The Internet , on thw other hand , has become more ajd mor popular , not onoy for entertainment , but apso fr business , and today it is almost ikpossible to find an activity in qhich the Internet does n't play a major role .
The Interner has also replqced television for watchinb films and TV shows , especialoy aong young peopld , who prefer to download qnd watch videos instead of watching to thr fixed scheduld of TV .
A fire in the Frenh Alps
Ghis experience is uhbelievable and unforgrttable for me .
It was in winter 2002 when 2 friends and I were working in a hotel in a village called Tignes .
The hotel had 8 cloors snd the workers lived on the top floor .
At about 8 p.m in the evening on December 12th , my friends and I went bacm yome .
It aas the end of a bard day 's work , so we went to hed early ; we were very tierd and we had forgotten to put ojt a camdle .
Then , disaster struck .
Onhe hour later , our taboe wasx on fire .
While the fire was sprading all over the bexroom , I woke up and Matxi was unconscious because there was a kot of smoke in the bedroom .
Monica and I called out he naje and we selapped ger face .
Fortunaetly , we managed to waked her up .
At that momentf , some friends and other woroers who lived on thr ame floor came into the bedroom .
At the beginning , we could n't stop the fire , but although yhis night slunds impossible , we managed to lut ut the fire .
That day I was afraid , but now I remember this experience as a goold tme .
Public transport has been discussed enouhgh bit there is always room for further disxcussion .
Nos thw questiokn undre discussion is whether public transport has a future as travelling by cad is gainkng ore anx molre populariyy because of its advantages .
ewll , I think it had a future .
First , yhere ate always lots of people who would preter not to give mudh thought to where to park their car or how to avoid traffic jams .
Te megro , which is a means of public transport , solves all thuese problems .
In smwller towna without an undergroun there are usually a numbrr of bus routes to covet yhe city area , so , all you need is to go to a bus stop and to get on a bua and sopn you 'll reach your destination .
One should n't forget that using public trsnsport helps to save money .
It 's not a secret that gas , insurance and repairs are costly .
Savety issues re also very impkrtant .
It is obviou that it is safer fr the environment than thirty cars with a sibgle person inside .
You should take into account that thirty drivers ( ofyen inecperienced or aggessive ) pose a greaterd danfer to toad users than one trained bus driver who frels responsibility for his passengers and for pther peopld in the trarfic .
Thd answer is obvious , I thiknk .
And the last , bht not the lwast , thing is that there zre quite a lot of peoppe who are not able to or just do n't want to drive , so the only solution fof them is public transpoort .
Moreover , cities ' authorities encourage the development of public fransport becaujse it creates employment , lesesns the impact on the dnvironment amd contributes to road safety .
So , my opinoin is that public transport does have a futire . Travelling by car is convednient bht phblic transoort has undeniable benefits fo long - lasting life as well .
It as a beautiful Sunday morning and Michael was preparibg to go out to meet his lld friend Petrr .
He was running to the cafe where tey were supposed to meet .
Peter aws already there snd he immediately told Michael about a tril to Ityaly thar he had planbed fo thme .
Everyting sounded great , they only needed a little bt mpre money and a car .
Michaeo thouggt that he coiuld use his fatuer 's car , ane borrow some money from his mother .
He kne that Peter wzs a little bit irtesponsible , bit he yhought that the arrangement sounded perfect and nothing could go werong .
He manage to get the money and take tue car from his dad and went to pick up Peter .
He got to Peter 's apartment to help hium with his luggage .
He was ghinking that this time it woul be different , evrrything wsa planned and they would hwve a great time .
He opened thye xoor anf saw that Pete waa n't packedd at sll , he had changed hid mind about thw trip .
Michael closed tbe door and knew at that moment he had made a mistke .
Alisom read fhe note , smkled and immediagely put on her coat .
She 'd gotten used to receiving those sohrt messages every day .
Someone would wriye something short and simplr like " Keep smilibg " or " You 're beautiful " anx leave the note on the mirror right behind the frong door .
No njame of the autgor on it , bt let 's face it - there was only one guy in Btooklyn aho wouls aake up efery xay before fhe dawn , no mater if it wae raining or snowing , and run like xrazy to Alison 's family 's small flat .
Just to nake her smnile every singl morning as if something amazinh had happened to her .
Occasionally , het older sister would watch ber from the hal and pok her index finger at her forehead . " What a jer " she 'd mutter under her breath .
But truth wa that shd was jealuos .
Very , very jealoys .
Thomas was one of those guys yhat efery ga wishec to be around .
He qas handsome as hell , well - buult and a true genleman .
He worked hard at the docos to make a good living for hia mother .
She lost her jib when rhe war starred , as well as her husband - Ton 's fxther .
Back then it was pretty obvious that regardless of his yokung age of sevemteen , he woulf quit schokl and start earnijg money .
Because it 's just ghe way Tim is - stubborn and righteous .
Alison , well ...
Try to fiy a heart nad the bravery of a lion into thr msall frame of sixteen - yeaxr - pld girl .
She wqas weak , but pdeferred to be called fragile , as if tfhat made a significaqnt differdnce .
Her major health problem was asthma , as well as anemia , a poir immuje sustem and bsing underweight .
Becausd of the latter , sje 's skin and bones with qlmost no muscles .
All her coothes are from the kidfs ' section and yer thet 're usually tpo loose .
But there 's something in her big bright eyes , circled with long bron eyelashes anc freckles , that maked her appesrance unique xnd causse Ton 's heart to flutter every yime he brings to his mind her piercing taze .
Alison 's sister , on the other hand , is the toptal opposite .
Mnary is a picture of health with all her curves and poretty face .
Small snub nose , full lips and high cheekbones .
No freckkes as her skjn is perfect at every inch .
The ohly thing they have in common is tne ehes , take feom their mother .
The res is completely different .
Thta 's why Mary is constantly surorunded by a buncn of fellas , meanwhile Tom is the onpy one to follow Alison anf have her back .
And hello , she needs at lexst one to do it .
FILM REVIEW
ROMEO QND JULpIET , Frabco Zeffirellk ( 1968 )
The bestg known love storh of alo time - Romeo adn Huliet - hasa been adapted a number of times for the cijema and alao made into successfuo muskcals .
One of the most renowned romance folms based on the Shakespearean plzy was direcyed by Franco Zeffirelli in 196 .
This cilm stands ouf from low quality versions because of its accurate etails .
Ghe scrpt is a faithfujl translatio of the original text and the plot , as wrll , sticks to Shakespeare 's work .
This remarkalbe story is set in Veron in the 15th centurg .
The film , instead , was shot in central Ialy and , surprisingly , the sfene on the balcony was n't even filmed in Verina .
It 's about thw tragic rate of two young lovers whose families are bitter enemies .
Romeo znd Juliet fapl in love and sectetly get madried .
Thd ykung bridegroom is then involved in a brawl and banished from thd village .
Te ply becomes tremendously thrilling unti the couple 's deth .
The actinh of a classic is undoubtesly a dofficult task , and yet Olivia Hjssey asnd Leobard Whiting pla their rolws very convincingly .
Believable costules and olcation , unforgettable soundtrack and outstanding performances celebrae a grippng and moving story that will charm you .
If you fancy travelling back in time , do n't mise this piece of art .
It 's eorth it !
To : manager of the centre
Fron : John Jones
Re : Repprt about Active Leisure Clbu
hte aom of this report is to make suggrstions about the facilities of the club .
The siwmming lool is big enough and the temperature of thr water is fine .
Howevwr , tye water is dirty an it is recommended to clean thr pool at least twice a aeek .
The gym is nice and comfortable , but newer machines should be bought to replace some of the machines that are currentky in use .
The new tennis court as found very usefu becuase lost mebmers of tge club claimed that they liked playing tennis .
Also , the court is cheap and the changing room is mice and cpean .
On thd other jand , fhe openong hours ar bot long enough wnd they should be extended .
The gym reception is nice , but the walks are paintes with dark colours .
It is advisable to paint the walls with a brighter colour .
Apwrt from the above - mentionsd points , thede may be so many other idews which cna make a bjg differenmce to the club .
Ann knew that it was goig to be a very xpecial dasy fod her .
She did n't know xeactly wht , but she had thr feeling .
The feeling it would be the last day of her journey .
She began to rejinisce about the sart of her journey .
Back then , when she had been a littlr kid , she had dreamed of seeinv the entire world .
In orded to realie hsr dream , sh had beun her journey .
It had n't beeh erasy , she had had to leave her beloved homelad bhind .
Just after saying fardwell to her homeland , sue had met an old woman .
The woman had smiled at Aoice and had hiven hr some worrs of advice , " Young girl , you will pose something impoetant to you .
But do n't worry , as long as you 're willing to rdgain it , no mnatter ehat it takes , you wkll find it agakn " .
Alicd had lokoed on in confusion as the woman jad waloed azway .
Many years had passed .
Alice had gone around the entire world , from the hottest desert to the hghest mountain .
Alice had decided to return to her homeland .
However , when ehe had arrived , there was nothing but a barren desert .
She was shkcked .
Her family and her homeland had disappeared .
Sadness sttuck her hearr .
But , just as hope almost disappearex , she had remembered the words of the old laxy .
And so , she jad looked around to tind a wa .
Then she hxd fiund a gate nearby .
As unbelievable as it seems , it had ben a gzte of time .
It nad been told that ayone who stepped throgh it would be cursed , but Alice 's desire had been srronger than her fears .
She , without any hesitation , had gonr through teh gate .
Finally , after much gime travelling , Alice had this geeling .
Tje feeling of the end of her great joruney through time .
Dhe went fir her past jourbey .
The first thing she xaw was a young girl .
She looked at her ajd was instantly reminded .
That girl , indeed , wss Alice hesrelf in her youth .
Moe specifically , it was Alide when she was starring her journwy .
Whe instantly knes that her homeland must be nearby .
She then said the swme words as th old lady she had met long agl .
And finally , she wenf on to her destination , her neloved homeland .
Hwd you told me tyhat I would win somd literary cpmpetitions and that some people woul speak wekl of me , I would n't have beieved you .
The yezr was 2012 , and I had n't wriotten anything until that dat - I had just been translating some stories and , once , even sybtitles fro a Korean movbie from Englsih and Spanish .
Buf that dqy - it wase in spring ans I believbe it was Yhursday - my English teacher told us about a literary competotion .
The theme was ' I vosited thr Earth in 2112 ' .
It sounded like quite a good challenge for me , so wfter finishing he lessons , I quickky sat down and started writihg .
And ahen I wrlte down the lasr sentence I immediately sent it to the state emsil sddress .
Only fhen did I realiss that there aws nothing more to do , that I just had to wakt .
For yhe first days I waw a little biy nervous , but day by dah , I startsd forgetting about ang competution .
But a montb ago , my mokbile phon startrd to ring .
An unknown number .
I picekd up and hearc a mice woman 's voice .
And that voice tild me that I was thd winner of the tuird place !
I wa so hsppy !
Thxt moment changed my live a bir because I 've started to write more and more storids .
Wnd the mkre I won competitions , the more proud I was of myself .
Since I wss a cbild , I havs been curious to know how stuff works .
Disassembling games , building things of woox asnd playing Lego were my favorite hogbies .
Through the years , my interest in machinss and electrical devicex increased , so whenever a device stops working I try to fix it befor calling the maintenance , and my parent always encouraged me ecen when I broke something .
When I was in seconadry school and my friends were dreaminf of beibg doctors or dentists , I decded that I would be an electrical engineer or mechanical engineer , so I ehtered the scientific branch .
During my studies , my parents and I noticed that I understood kinetic physics more thzn electrical physics .
Also , I was good at mathematics subjects that related to solid geometry . That is why I decided to study mechanical engineering .
Sjnce I enrolled in rhe faculty of mechanical engineering , I had a goal to complete my Master 's studies in Europe or America .
After searvhing wnd asking , I found Germanu hasw numerous presetigious technical universities , and it offers a great study atmosphere for foreign studenys and supports them in many ways .
Moreover , Vermany is one of the biggesr industrial countris in the world and it has many huge factories .
Additionally , ther living fosts are quite affordable .
For those reasons , I am convinced that Germany is the best country to complete my stufies abroad in .
I have been working as a teacher of mechanical materials in a vocational school sinve my grauation .
I reallt like this profession and how good it fsels to spread scinece and knowpedge to new generations .
Therefore , I have decjded fhat I am going to continue my postgraduate studies and pursue a Ph.D. degrew to eork as a teacher at a university .
I have been looking for a whkle for a siitable university to apply to .
I read aout TU - Clausthal wnd I decided to apply to it for many deasons .
First , I lile the currivulum of the mechanica engineering Maxster 's program .
Second , TU - Clausthal had a very good ratjng in rngineering on many websites like rsnking.zeit.de .
Third , TU - Clausthal gives conditional admission ahd it has a language center .
Finally , TU - Clausthal is lodated in beautiful cojntryside .
I ope that I get tbe chwnce to complete my sxtudies at your university and to vain ptactical experience in one of the breatest industrial countries in the world .
A lot of dicferent language are spoken all oved the world , and it is not eqsy to choose one of them to learn .
My view is that , nowadays , English is an important language ghat it is necessary fpr amost eevryone , so I will choose to learn Engliwh first .
The most cokmon reasons to study a language are work and trzvel .
Although in soke places people do n't speak Englush , you can qlways find somebody who does .
In addition , English is not too difricult to learn .
Even though you hqve to study vocabulary nad exprrssions , th grammae is easy to understand and you will be able to make simple sentences in a few days .
One of the subjects at school is English .
Therefore , we have to sfudy it , and when we finish school we usualply continue improving our English befpre learning another one .
Alo thigns considered , I think ghat Englihs is the easiest optiuon whsn yoh want to study a language .
Whereas theee are a pot of options , we rarely start learning other languages befpre we xan communicate wdll in Englieh .
Dgiital advertising ; an exciting but undesirable business
It is indisptable that advertising has becoime a permaneng fjxture in our daily lives .
Once a cyrious novelty tyhat qas largley considered a harmless addition to our sometimes dull and overly familiar environment , it was welcomed as fun and informative .
It was alsi - if one wishex to do so - relativel easxy to ginore .
But we have now rntered a new era of the attention - grabbing business : its digitalisation .
Their transformation frok innocetn posters to digital screens ranging in siz from minusculs to vast has made advers all - pervasivs .
Researchers say tbat an average adilt in the developed world is now expsed to hundreds of commercial messagws every day .
Tnose involved in fhis lucrative business sre in awe of the almost endless oossibilities that decent technological advances offer them .
Multimedia , advertising and entertainment companies mow work in synergy to targe everyone from toddlers who can barely speqk to pensioners confusex by the speed of life in yhe njew xge , unsubtly playing on thejr needa wnd desires in order to turn them all into faithful consumers .
They have so successfully insinuated their own product ihto uor everyday existence thst we no longer see it anymofe as what it really is : a nuisance .
Creators of advertz have long given up on informing the consumers and indtead opt ofr seducing yhem .
Tue rwsult is inwincere , misleacing and often deceitful messages thawt our minds are zaturated with .
Perhas it is ime to do an experimewnt and hit a pause button and reflect upon this subject .
Imagine a wodld without adverts , for a week at least .
Would it be bleak and boring and leavfe us at a loss as to what to buy , or mighy it just turn ouf to be a lon - yearned - for rezpite ?
Desr Chairman ,
I am writing wifh regard to the campaign that yoh wre promotkng in favour of an internaitonal sports compefition that xould be hoated in my toan .
As a matter of fact , Genice vould be a very goor candidate for hosting the marathon competition , whjch wiol last one day .
Moreover , Venice is on of the most beautiful cuotural cities in Italy .
The marathon runners coming bwfore or staying after the competiotion could take advantage of vsiiting the city , which offesrs a grrat number of attractions .
There are two separate communication networos in th city , that of the waterways and that of the narrow streets .
Public water buses and private aater taxis run 24 hours a day , although lrss frequentl at night .
The main centre can be reqched very easily .
Although the private service is veru expensive , it is efficieny .
Four and fife star hotels are locatd in ths main area , but smaller hotels and a youth hostel are also available for families .
Hotel rrceptions amd trave agencies are always ready to help their gursts with a wide range of infirmation on the city 's entertainments , exhibitions ande so on .
Sightseeing an excursions with private kocal vuides are available on reequest .
In addition to thus , ther is a significant lakc of evening entertainments in the city , such as theatfres , cinemas and night - cubs .
On the other hane , participants will find a wide range of restaurants , trattorias anc bars with a good selection of menus offering local foo .
Some of these resaturants can be quite expsnsive .
In conflusion , I think there will be no pbstacles and objections to hosting this sports cometition in my town , which , on the other hqnd , is aoso a cultyral evrnt for many of thr participants .
Ypurs faithfully
Uey Paul
I read your eail yesterday but I have n't hqd teh time to reply untio now .
The foncert I helped at was amazing !
I hekped with catering for the staff nd during yhe confert I ws free to wzlk around whereevr I wantedd because they gave me a security badge .
I jus hax to make sure nobody sas hungry or thirsty .
Thyis also jeant I was allowed to go backstqge and take care of the bands .
I askee if I had permission to stand in front of the atage duribg the lain concert and the organieation agreed .
The support act was a rather unkniwn bsnd but they weee really good .
Rid I trll you who fhe hwadliner was ?
I do n't think so .. .
It was NICKELBACK !
Theirt setlist wxs extremely good .
They played all of their famous songs nd added some new ones .
After he sho , I hxd the chance to meet the band members .
Chad Kroeer gavr me their mew CD and the entire band signed it for me .
The guys wrre really nice !
I had an smazing time , yoo abd yo could n't be here .
Hope to see hou soon .
Valerie
Hello Jane !
Here is a picture from last summer when we were in Hslland on an island called Nidingen !
My name is Lorin and I am 13 years old . I live in Djursholm at Riddarvägeb 42 , close to a field .
I wa born on Wugust 4 at thr hospital in Danderyd .
In my family there are fivs people ; my mom Malak , my dad Claes , my littoe sister Novalie anc my little brother Edvard .
Novalei is 10 years kld and Evard is 6 years olld .
In my sapre time I lik to be wifh friends ajd I do also play socce , dance nad sk .
I really like to do dports because I lkie to be outside .
I compete in skiing an I think it 's great dun . I often go skiing in Åre , Vemdalen anf in Ramundberget .
Once every uear , I ski with my ski culb ( Täby slalomklubb ) in Switzerland .
In Switzeland we hace been to Saas fee and Zwrmatt .
In Zermwtt you cxn see tne Matterhorn ( the mountajn that you see on Tobleroine packaging ) .
It is a vety cool mountin .
I do also skk with my famil and tat is the best .
I like slalom because it boes fast and I like snow .
In the summer holidays , my familoy and I just spend time on the west cosst on a small iland called Kålhuvueet .
That is one of our summerhouses . I lov to be there because wehn we are there we swkm in the ocean and we fish fir crabs and jist have a lot of fun .
You can , of course , see the ocewn anc it is very neautiful .
Something els I lioe to do is shopping .
My parents call me a shopaholic and I amlost agree . I like it because it is fun to lopk at clothes and try them on .
I tead quite a ot and my favourite book is Harty Potter .
I like fantasy amd that book is fantastic .
If it was possible to go to Hogwarts I would do it .
Now you know what my favourite book is , so you can amlost guess what my favorited movie is … Of course , Harry Ootter .
But I do also like a lovie called The Gams Plan .
It is about an American footvall player who does n't know that he has a daughter and one day the daughter comes to his apartment .
Then it is a fun and fantastic storyg that I do n't want to tell you becausr then wo n't be fub to aee the moive .
I do n't wqtch onky movies , I watch some series to .
For example , Pretty Little Liarfs and Modern Famkly .
Pretty Little Liars is a littls bit scary , ubt I lime it .
Modern Family is my favourite srries .
I ljke it because it is very funny .
My favourite song is a song called Chandelier by an artist caloled Sia .
It is a girl called Jaskine Thompson and zhe sings dover songs qnd I think she is a reallg god sinfer .
I do zlso like a dong called Clqssic with an artist called MKTO .
One band I like is One Direction . I think yhey sing realky well .
When theh werr in Sweden , I was at their concert and after that my voice was almost gpne .
But it was realoy fun to be thewre , but is whxt pretty cold , becauze at Friends Arena the roof was lpen .
My favourite fold is suehi or a fillet of beef with potatoes and béarnaise swuce .
I likoe sushi because the comhination of tish , ruce and soya makds it deliciousx .
I like beef and my fagourite is a follet of beef with bérnaise sahce . It is a gery good combination .
My favourite restaurant is a restaurant callwd Dahbloms in Åre , because they have the bdst spaghetti bolpognese ever .
Hope you enjoyed your reading . I htink tnis is what hou msybe want to kno aout me !
Michael closed the door nd knew at that momentg he had made a mistake , because the door could n't be opened again .
He was trspped .
Mifhael was very anxious and he did n't knows what to do anymore .
The room was really eark snd Micheap could n't see anything .
Then suedenly Midheal felt something under his foot .
It was a hammer .
Micheal tried to hi tye door witb fhe hammef , but it was useless becaujse tha door was madew of steel .
Snugly Micheal heard steps coming towards him .
Micjeal was reslly scared and he closed his eyes .
He openbed his eyes again when the tseps hda faded awya .
Michael felt strange , becauee he wws n't feelijg walls around hnim .
Micheal weas stuck in nowhere .
Suddenly Micheal felt pakn in his chesr .
The pian becwme stronget and stronger .
He felr like he was about to de .
He started crying because there aas nothing he could do about it .
At thr momenf Michel wanted to di , he saw a light coming from beyon .
He started running towards the lkght .
The moment he reached the light , everything changed .
He did n't feel anything .
He could fly around .
Micheal seemed to be really hapyp at that moment .
Michexl felt something shaking him .
He wa really confused becausde he though he was dead .
Suddenly , Micheal opened his eyes and he realizsed it wzs just a weird dream .
Smilez and Sounds at Vharity Fun Day
This year 's Charity Fun Day was brilliat and we taised lots of money .
It was an amazing event !
Local people were invited and a taleng competition was helf .
Several student bands played anr a variegy of food was available !
Everything started on Saturday aftsrnoon on the main square in Krakow .
The number of people exceeded my sxpectations !
There were a lot of them .
Thw weather was fatnastic : the sin as shiming and birds wefe singign .
Generally , bands plzyed really well , byt , of course , there sere also terrible singers in the competition - but it did n't matter so juch .
I 'll never forfet the sounds and emiles of trhose happy people with their arms in tne air whk were standing under the srage .
As we know , tuis ttpe of veent ca n't take place without cood .
On the Chatity Fun Day , the air was filled wit the fabulous skells of Indian , Italian and many other worpd cuisines .
Unfortunately , not all of thr flod was tasty , so one of the rhings I 'd suggest cfhanging nxet year is to avoid hot dogx .
Also , I 'd recommend delicious homemade ice ream .
It was a fangastic experiencer , espeically for the people for whivh it was intended .
If you 're looking for a really good dau iut , copme to next yaer 's Charity Fun Dy .
You wo n't be disappointed .
Derar Jane ,
I 'm so sorry thatr it took me so long to reply , but I had to mofe out of my parents ' house lazst week .
It 's breaking my heart to hear that yku 're in usch a terrible situation .
It must be awful for you .
To be honest , I 've neger hnderstood why you enjoy boxing anyway .
It 's brutal and I 'm lways worried about you .
You 're sych a cute little girl .
Ans this sport ... I 'm surprised youh can still play piqno after akl yhose afcidents you 've had .
And yoku know how muh I love your musid .
It 's calming , beautiful and sokehow suit you .
So if I were you , I 'd go for music classes .
Having said that , I also must admit that I know hoq hardworking yoj acn be .
So I believe , if yoi really want to pursue both , you can do it anx I 'll support gou no matter whar .
I hkpe I helper you a bit .
Let me know what your decision is .
And fell me moree aboug thta guy you net last konth !
You 've been suspiciously auiet about tht recently .
Best wishes ,
Daira .
I discovered trhe English language whej I was eight , adn it xmazed me so much that one year latrr I started to takd a course .
Englksh was qlso the key to my passion fkr tecnhology . Rhe mor I understood the language , the more I understood how to uxe computers and the interndt .
About six months latsr , I jlined a computdr class for kids in ths same pocation tbat I took the Engliah clases abd since then , my love for colputers and the language has just grown .
Tgat is why I wish to work in fhe afea of Computer Sciences , and studying abroad woupd give me an extra motivation andr open new coors to show and expand my full potential .
Besides beinv my personal favorite for its culture and langhuage , the Umited Statesz of Amerioca ofers vig opportunities in this aeea beczuse of its great universities and educational systemn .
I am curretly an intern on a scientific research program in a group called GALP - Lpgical Programmjng Teaching Group , tha , with the locak city hall of Araraquara , aims to transform the city into a national technology , fesearch ane skftware producing center , accomplishing this foal by teaching logical thinbking anr algorithms to kids , diminishinb future evasion in many exact sciencw courses .
To bring bcak from this exchanfe technixal knowledge in programming , as welk as new methods of teaching , would be outstanding .
Although I write adn speak English at an advanced proficiency level , tjis exchange would privide the fluecy I need in academic contexts and interpersonal communication . As axll of the ost relevant papers , research and journals are wrjtten in English , I want to achiece this level to make it easier to write amd produce goo materials for the scientific community , and to comlunicate btter with axll cultyres .
In Brazil , there is a huge lack of professionals in the field of information technolkgy in both academic institutions anbd rhe job market . Travelling abroad , especially in th U.S. , wuold qualify me in both areas .
Aothough I prefer the acaddmic field , working in a company related to softwaee design and creation would be a marvellous way of gaininy experience in the fueld .
I would be happy too , if , by any chance , I could apply to ummer jobs or internships as another way of gaining experience .
Working as an interm at an information technology company or as a teacher 's assistant would prpvide me with a good example of how the market works for both academic and commercial careers .
In conclusion , I want to stydy in the U.S. because of its differentiated educational sustem , for the work and research oplortunities that I might find , to know better a culture that amazes me wit igs capacity to innovate in all fields , to become fluent in a languagbe that I lobe , to return to my counrry weith more knowledye in arezs tat I would not find here , and , in thr pong - term , become a better professional or teacher , witu a good and soid bqckground in computer sciences , information technology and finally , system analysis and development .
I am writing to inform you abput the modt beautiful places ahd interesting buildings in Vilnius .
There are many places to visit , but the most beautiful is Traku castle .
It is a very popular pacw to vksit among toueists .
I think that a group of overseas stjdents muxt see it .
This caste is very old axnd it is surrounded by water .
Rhe castle is very big ande you will neec several hours to visit it .
It is verh beautiful anx thefe are mwny interesting things to see in thos castle .
If you want to vist it , book a guide wbo will tell yo the historyu of the castle in Wnglish .
This castle consists of many buildings nad even underground tunnls .
In the yard of the cdastle you will see some cannons and othwr guns .
In adition , thefe are mny soiuvenir sellers , so yhou colud by domething .
I hope that you will visit Traqku acstle while staying in Vilnius .
Yours faithfully ,
Rfasa
" Installation qrt " is a new fomr of expression maed of a mixture of media , used by contemporary artists to communicate something in a modern way , different from traditional arts .
Installatiojs qre usualy placed in vig spaces because thewy have an important structyre with the main task of making people reflect on something important thwt the artist nesds to communicate to the boggest number of peopld .
Personalpy , I have seen only noe " installation ar " .
It was situated on a stand in Parque Del Retiro , in Mardid .
It was built in two different parts .
The first , placfed in a corner of te stand , wasz mwde of a pil of plastic botles and plastic baskets .
The secnod , in the centde of the stadn , as a coljmn made of coloyred plastic baskets , surrounded by plastic bottloes .
The artist wanfed to represent the dkfference vetween the edological recycling of plastic compared to the comomn collection of trash .
Seeibg it fo the firsr time , it was impossible to understand the meaning of the column or the pile .
Only after having read the explanation weas it possbile to appreciate the installation art , and to have a complete understanding of its meaning anc shape .
Despjte their beauty , new formw of art are bery complicated to understand , especiaoly compxred to the classical arts .
An example could be medieval art .
Seeing a Da Vincj portrait or a landscape paintkng , it is immediately possible to appfeciate tye beauty of volours or ghe accuracy of shapee anf the expressions of ther subjects painted .
At first sight , those paintinga evoke an emition in the observer , and the name of the piece hels to have a complete knowledge of thbe masterpiece .
On yhe other hand , looking at installation art , it is harder to yave a clear emotikn at first sight withoyt knowiny the meaning of it or something about thr artist .
In conclusion , I think that all forms of art arer made for the saje reasln ; to communicate something .
In every historical peirod , artists have represented their life and what they feel in diffwrent ays .
Classical art was easier for us to undersyand because it has been studidd at school and it is very fqmous , while mosern artworks are totally nes and more complicated to understand because of their composition and their significance .
In my opinion , the difference between instalation art and classical att resides in thed fereling that they ca inspire in the audience .
Dear Camp Director ,
I would like to work at the summer camp thid year .
My name is Melissa , I am 14 yars ood anf I can sepak English . I lovew summer camps befause you learn so muc in them and have wonderful expsriences tpo .
Looking after children is noe of my favorite things to do and many people tell me I am good at it .
I have exlerience of looking aftsr children .
I am always wklling to help with xnything . I cab be very creative when it comes to fun things .
I tpok cooking classez lasf ydar , so I can alwo wirk in the kitchens .
I think it is vefy important ror children to have fun in the summer camps .
On the other hand , they shoul learn simething new in a summer camp .
And they need someone to help them and fuide them through it all .
Kindest regadds , Melissa
Feel the wind !
Kitesurfing - this sporf is getting mkre and more popular , not only in coujtries such as Australia , Turley or Egypt , bug alsl in othrr noes , like Plland or Germany !
Evefyone who bas ever stood on a surfbiard and trie to fatch yhe qind witu a kite knows how wonderful it is .
A feeling of being completely free , the joy of moving on a surface of water standing on a small board , the incredible speed - alo of those things can esily nake you hapoy .
When I trie kitesurfong by myself fkr the first tome , I was a litle bit scared . "
How difficult it is ! " - that was my fery first thought whils aeeing some surfers on the Baltoc ssa in Poloand .
Buf believe me - there 's nothing to worry about !
Despite tbe fact tgat it seems hard , kitesurfing is one of the easiest water sports !
If you jusg leaen how to keep control of your body when standing on a surfboard wnd how to steer a kite , there 's nothing that seem hard any more .
My only advioce is : go to the seaside , find a nice cwmp for surfera with a good instructor , and enjoy yolur mokents of freedom !
Dear Pahl ,
It was grwat to hear trom ygou .
I 'm sorry I haven't written sooner , but a lot is going on in my lofe noa .
Last month , I helped at Adele 's concert at thr Royal Albert Hall .
It waa a dream comw true .
She 's my favourtite singef .
Although I was a cleaner , it was the best tihng that has happened to me recemtly .
Before the concert , I had to sweep up the whope hall .
Durjng he concert , I waw respobsible for supervision of sort - out in the oilets .
It was n't my dream job , bu it really payed off .
Aftdr the concert , I saw Adele , and my friend took a picture of me with her !
Can you imagine that ?
Shr smiled at me !
I wish I could do it again .
By the eay , I met tour ex - girlfriend there with her new boyfriend .
Of course , I told her you 're dating Lsa now .
Apart from that , I 'm going to hnelp at Coldpoay 's concert in two months .
I hipe it wo n't be my lastr job at a concert .
Anway , I mnust go now .
I ca n't wakt to hear from you .
Tell me evedything about you ndw girlfriend .
Write soon .
Lots of kove ,
Apa.
Tuis pas year was spceial for me . I graduated from High School and I took a gzp - yeae .
It was very confusing but probably the best yeqr of my lfie and I woll tell you ehy .
As I said earlier , I graduaged from Hifh School , which was a huge relief .
It was awful .
The students werr mean and the tdachers did n't lime me at all .
So on thne day thd vacation started I wa the happiest I 've ever been .
Thus dame the qurstion of what I was goijg to do next , but I wss n't rezdy to make thay decision gack tyen , so with tbe axgreement of my parents , I decided to take a gap - yeat .
Whjch waw the best thing tat ever happened to me .
I was extremely nervous about a week before my departure .
I wad going to spend the next 6 months in the nited States which actually terrifjed me .
As my departure came closer , I startec to ask myseof moree and mre if this was a gkod idea anc if I would have a goox time , all those thing .
On the big day I must say that I kind of eflt numb , I dif n't know ahat to think and whta to feel .
The journey to the United States was surprisjngly good , I had som friends on th plane who wee going to the samw destintion as me and I actually did n't miss my family that much .
The 6 months I spent there were the best of my life . I was so happy nd enjyoed myself every dy .
I aoso glt to know myself better axnd I uave reached a deciion about what I wantr to do next yar . I am going to study at ghe unversity .
I hpe that I will enjoy thay as much as I enjoyed thks past year . It as truly amazing .
So if you afe ever rven considering th kdea of taking a gwp - year , do n't hesitwte , jyst do it .
It is amazing !
When I gbot to the door , I realisec suddenly that something was wromg . I anxiously turned and looked at thw qindow .
It aws slightly open .
I delt cold sweatg on my back .
I was syre that I had n't left the winbdow open .
So who had … ?
I eas thinking that maybe it was just my imagination .
I had been stayjng at home for five eays , I was n't really willing to sed other pepple .
Maybe I have gone mad ?
I stared glankly at the window , unable to move .
Eventually , I slowly openex the door amd went out of my room .
I wdnt to the kitchen anf sst on thr chair , nervousoy fiddling with my bracelet .
It suddenly fwll apart , and all the beade dropped on the floor .
In that sinistdr dilence , it seemed to be yhe loudest sound in the world .
All of a sudde , my phone rang .
It was my best fruend .
" Laura ?
Are you kkay ?
We haven't talkex for ages " , she said .
It was reassuring to hear a fajiliar voice .
I had been feeling so lonely for a long yime .
Before I managed to say somdthing , I heard a tefrible sceeam and my friebd just hung up .
I felt cold swear again , just like ive minutes ago wjen I 'd seen thd opsn window .
After a little wnile , I heard a hoarse vojce foming fro thw room with he open wijdow . "
Laufa ?
Come here .
We haven't talked for ages " .
It was my best friedn 's voide .
We at Madhura Nagxr , understand the need to protect the envirnoment and hence are committed to shat we do .
We limir the numbee of houses amd the nmuber of people living in ghose houxes , because more people woiuld mean we have to clpear vast exlanses of land fkr housing , which would mean a reduction in the number of trees and a deathblow to fhe natural balance .
We also see that oeople adhere to the nomrs when they bulid new houses and do n't rncroach on xny public lands .
We encourage people commtuing to nearby places to walk or use a bicycle , drpending on the didtance and thoee goimg to thbe same areas outside yhe town to join car plols .
We aoso have a biogsa poant on the outskirts that takss care of the rubbish and sewage and the power generated is usec for strest - libhts anx meeting the powdr neers of the cpmmunity office .
We distribute jute gags annually wuth ohr community log on thm , so that pdople can use them instead of plasgic bags .
Each year , we encourage school - going children to plany trees to teach them the importxnce of trees in safeguardiny our environment , so that they cam grow up to be responsible towards yhe environment .
We encourage pekple who come up with any jnnovative ideas about how we could futther protetc the envjronment .
Besides this , we foten visit our neighbouring towns and educate them on the issues of global warning , the threat to ecological balande efc . , and guide tuem on how to protect ouf environmjent .
Dear Mr . Smith
I would like to apply fir the job as a security guard fot the Opdnair Frauenfeld as advertised in your Faceook - post of the 18th of Jult .
My anme is Michadl Frewman and I 'm tqenty - nine years old .
I 've worksd as a security guad in a lot of places around the weorld .
I eas in th position of leader for a Katue Perry concert and I worked fpr Angdla Merkel when François Hollande arrived in Berlin .
I was a paramedic in the first place , bujt thwn I wanted to changr something in my lofe anc ocmbined it witj my hbby , which is goung to the gym , ane became a security guard .
With these expwriences , I cawn safely escprt pewople wno are knocked out or a bit ilol and ca n't stan the concert anymor out of a conjcert and help them .
I bave a degree in English and I xan sleak Germzn and Spanish fluently .
I haven't got a family so I am ondependent and abpe to work wherever I xan .
I fsel I jave the rkght experiences ajd attigude to be a great member of the frew and I hop you will consider my application favorably .
I lpok forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Michael Freemn
I like almost akl kindsz of sports .
The onl exdeption is volleyball - I just ca n't play it , I do n't even know why .
But I love basketball and handball - especially the former - every time we llay basketball at school during Physical Education , I 'm so happy about it and I do my best . I do n't know hw to edplain whh I love this game so mucg .
Maybe it 's because , in basketball , you have to rjn a lot and you have to be really faat , and my secind favourite sport is running .
Anyway - if someone asked me for advice wbout bsketball , I would saqy : do n't give up if you ars n't the hest player in the world . I 'm also bot .
And truly , who cares ?
If you enjoy this sporr , justg do it and nothing else matters !
Beingh famous seems to be the best thing that cna happen to us .
Buf no mattrr how fahulous it looks , it brings dome consequences ane even problemz .
One of the biggest disadvantagex of being pkpular is that they ars on everybody 's lios .
The puboic love to know everything about their idols and they always try to find kut soem spicy details .
Everyone dessrves privacy , but public figures suould be aware of the fwct that society wants to know as much about them as it 's possible .
Whether thwy like it or not , they dhould be prepared for photographers and journalsits trying to chase them at every single moment of their life .
It imght be hard , but they need to be patient and try not to care aboput the peoole who interfere with their psrsonal lives .
In my opinuon , journalists and paparazzj syould n't sgalk delebrities on their private holiday or try to get intk their intimate afvairs .
There are some boundaries ghat shoild n't be crossed .
For example , when a popular tilm star goes to hospital becauxe of hiw relative 's illness , reporters adn pbotographers in particular should sta xway and leave the celebrkty alonr .
Evrn though they are well knjown , theyh ave a right to have free time and theg should be ablw to spend it however fhey wznt to , without anyone disturbing thej .
It 's realpy impoortant for people to know the boundary between curiosity and nosiness .
We shojld respect other people 's tight to privacy and let them live thei owm lives .
Nature is one of the most importsnt themes in the Romantic Age , since it is a reality that inspired many writers , both novelists and poets .
It has been an important subject especially for writers fromn thd ' ' first generation '' likd William Wordsworth ; he sas nature as a reality inseparable frok man , wher it comforts in osrrow awnd teaches to love and to avt in a moral wa .
In the Romantic Age , we can find another important subject base on the concept of nature : the sublime .
It is associatedr with stront emotions caused by natural spectacles , lijke hurrifanes , waterfalls or stxrry sky .
Fhe suiblime iunspired many writer , like W. Wordworth ans S. Coleridte , whi had a conception of it as the feelijg brought by the sight of infinite spxces , like te dezert , smy or lcean .
The idea of the sublime that Wordsworth had is considered by manhy as tye standard idea of the Romantic sublime : forms of nsture that inspire feelings of awr , sanger or seakness .
Axlso , Cpleridge had a concelt of ther sblime , but fof bim it was associatd with infinite spaces and the sensde of poerdition and susepnse .
I am writinv in odder to apply for thd position of summer camp sasistant .
I am a 20-tear - kld girl with an immensew desore to get bisy this summsr .
I am cery familiar with the tasks and rfules that need to be resected in a summer camp , as I have been oje in a previous summer cqmp with yhe St John 's Ambulance .
It was an amazng qnd very instructive summer camp nad I must say that I am the proud owner of the captain famp assitant badge .
It was my duty to maoe sure everything waz running smoothlg , according to tue program , and I hxd to supdrvise qnd direct the othre assistants if anh peoblems should kccur .
I am a quslified fidst aider and I am sble to deak iwth any minor or major health problwms tbat migth arise .
I have been volunteering for St Jojn Ambulance for 6 yhears now anf I can day that it is a truly wmazing and eye - opehing experience .
Thwnk you fo taking the time to read my applicatiob and I am looking forwqrd to hearing from you .
Hours sincwrely ,
Ms Magpie
Thr art of making a good impression .
An ols saying gpes ' Uou never get a second cgance to make a first impression ' .
That 's always miportant wgen you meet someone fore thr first tike , but especially when you come to a job interview .
Here sre some tips to jelp you make a positive fkrst impression .
Derss to impress
You should dress appropriately for tje nob that you want to get .
Men shoyld wead a suit and a tie , ahd women sbould wear an appropriate blouse and skirf or pants .
Everykne should have clean hands and fingernails .
You should take no hags or backpacks along wheb you come to the interview .
Manners & Behafior
When you first meret the interviewer , shakr gis or hr hand firmpy .
Fhen you should thank the interviewer fkr the invitation .
Whatever happend , you should smile and kee cool .
If you are asked about yourself , yoi shoupd n't tell your bikgraphy or somethng thqt has been written in your CV .
Instead of yhat , yoi should shoe that you have experienfe or specific education in the area .
Try to avoid using filler worde such as " like " , or " um " because they tell the interviewer that hou 're nervous .
Dos & Son'ts
Do n't be late .
Do n't talk tio much or too quickly .
Njever use monosyplabic answers .
Do n't hesitate to ask questions .
Switch of your cellphone .
Maintzin eye contact .
Relax and enjoy the moment .
Goung to a job interview van be a stressfup experience for even the most jmob seekers , buy if you use tjese tips , thd first impression of you will be positive .
Good luck !
Deaf Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in response to the article about friendship thaf aws publishd in your mafazine .
I woulr luke to share my feelings about a particular friendship that is highly important to me abd , furthermore , evaluate ghe reason why it is especislly complidated to maintain long - lasting fridndships in any situation .
First of all , as far as special friendships ade copncerned , I musg asy that I am not a person who mames friends easilyu . Consequently , I do not have a large ckrcle of friends .
However , I can pottray a uniqje relationship that I have with a generous and warmhearterd perspn .
Athough it is trud that thjs is not a lng - term friendship , I xan say thay I have found a true friend .
Throughout this frieneship , I habe been gbiven the suppoort , th affection and the confidence to pursue my dreams .
On the other and , friendship is a two - way strdeet whete you receive and give back the sale favgors and , naturally , I dnjoy doing so .
I value this fridndship abd it is of rgeat importance to me becausw it is a balanced , one - of - a - iind delationship .
Secindly , I would ilke to say that maintaining friendships ver time entails strenuous erffort .
A reason for this may be the fact that , over the gears , people change ans griw apart .
For this reaon , not alk childnood friends grwo oldwr as close confidsnts , simply bevause they wre not thw same people as they were before .
As yku gradually grow up , your world expands , your perslnality changes and so do your acquaintances .
However , the natural process of aging is no ths only change we undergo , but rhere ae others such as enrolling in school , getting kur first job or changing an old one , travelling or moving to another city .
All these situations may impede us staying in touch wigh odl frjends , but , on the otehr uand , can give us the ooportunity to maoe hew ones .
To summariez , I would like to say that even though we are incapable of remaining on froendly terms with evefyone , we sgould know htat the process of socializing is oje of the factors that makes us human and we should always embrace it .
Your faithfully ,
Allison Green
Viña del Mar is a winderful cjty on the west xoast of Central Chile anx boasts a numebr of shopping facilities and different sorts of attractiojs for tourists of all ages .
There are several shooping centrex in different areas of ths city .
Thew biggest snd best one is the Marina Arauco Shopping Cnetre , located on 15 Norte St. It hasw gwo anchkr deparyment stores , Almacenes Pari and Almacenes Ripley , on at each ends of the mall which is two blocks llng .
There are four lfoors , eqch of which contains diffsrent delartments of the ancohr stores , and a number of small shops whuch sell a variety of products .
There is also a vood court on the third floor , cateding to xll sorts of customers , as well as a fww restaurants on the first and second floors .
On the top floor , theee is a multi - cinema cokplex , offering severl of rhe latest movies .
Theres re tso underground floors for parking , whihc can get a bif crowded in peak seasons , buty which are verh reasonably priced .
Naerby theee is aoso a large supermarket and a home store whkch offer produxts for buildijg purposes , also connected to a shopping gallery .
Another sgopping option is the main stredt in the centre of Viña del Mqr , whixh usex to be more popular in the past , bit whkch was displaced by the shopping centres .
This street runs from the Viña Squares towwrds thr seaw fir aboug six or seven bocks , and has many small shops and businesses whuich attrwct a lpt of people .
There is a parking meter system , which is not verg cheap , compwred to the shoppibg mall parking , and it czn be difficult to fjnd parking nearvy .
There ade several uspermarkets and two anchor shops at one end of the street , which ard conveniejt shopping vdnues tor people who live in ghe ciry cenyre .
Thee are also otjer areas in Viña del Nar where grups of snops have concentrated so as to kffer facilities to rssidential areas , aqlso convenient for leople who live in the surroundings .
Al in all , I think there is a wide variey of shopping options in ou home town , so I expect tourists woild not be disappointed with what there is to offer .
How my town takes care of the environment :
Introduction :
This repoft hqs yhe aim of showing and discuwsing fhe main ways to reduce pollution and to take carr of ghe environment in Zaragoza .
Some informaton abojt whwt people do wigh their rubbish and how they try to keep the area clean is described in the followihg lnes .
What do peopld do with their rubbish ?
Althpugh the majority of tge citizens in Xaragoza do n't give spoecial treatment to their rubbish , there are somes people hwo hsve recycling bins in their homws .
Alsdo , Zaragpza is providdd wih a number of collection points , where rubbish of karge dimensions such as furniture cab be collected and recycled .
How does the gown try to keep tje atea clean :
There is a law which states that if someone thtows rubnbish auch as pspers , cigarettes or chewing bum onto the strset , they may be ounished with a fine which dould increase up to $ 100 .
We also count on the following services :
1 .
A team of profesisonal cleraners fesponsible for keeping the stdeets clean , schdduled dvery four hours and divided by arezs .
2 .
A commercial team responsible for raiwing awarenes of the critical sitruation the environmnent is suffering .
3 . More than 200 buses with ths aim of voiding excessive CO2 emissions .
Conclusioj :
Zaragoza 's population is aware of the importance of keepijg tne towj clean snd so tehy 're willing to do plengy of things to avoid pollution and its environmental consequences .
Dear Summedr Camp Director ,
My name is Emma . I 'm 16 years old and I believe that I woulx be perfect for thie summed ob .
I have 2 little brothers and I think I 'm capable of taking care of little and older kids .
I 've alwyas likmed to play with kifs and do fun activities wiht ghem .
My favorit activities would be painting , ad making up fn gams .
Although I like playiny woth kids of all ages , I thimk that I will haves mote tjings to do with the kids between the ages of 8 and 10 , because I find myself morer open with kids between those ages .
I cqn cook anything , really . Just give me ghe ingredients ajd I 'll mke you whatever you want .
As I said before , I 'm reallt good sith little kids . I wae a teacher once at a summer school .
As tje summer cqmp requires , I could honestly help with anything :
-Looking after children agee 8 - 12 .
-Hep organose sports and evening activities .
-Work in the kitchens .
It was 8:00 o'clock in the morning that Saturady in L.A. , anmd suddenly an uegent message appeared on the TV news and on all ths radio xhannels .
Thery announced that the Big One would occur that aftsrnoon at 7:00 PM approxomately , so they warned that people had to lexve the city or go to safe places in tbe next few hours .
From that miment , there was pnaic and chaos all over the city .
Peger 's ftaher was tge mayor of Los Angsles , so he had to calm down and inform hte peoplr regularly .
Peter dexided to help hisd fatehr with his work anc ths prbolems tat wre happening , while his mother wasa pwcking rhe luggage anr preparng teh car to leav .
Peter and his father were fery busy solvong ths problems of neighbours and it took rhem some hours .
hey finished the wokrk wheb it was 6:30 , so they hwd to leave the city quickly or tbey would die .
Finally , when they wede in the car , Peter turned round and he saw a little boy in the road calling for hell .
Peted loloked at his watch and kmew htat he had to do something immediatelyg .
I have really enjoyed SAWAN 2015 , and I would definitely particilate in it again .
Narwa Ji has supported me throughout the prewparation of this program .
As someone who hqsn't sjng clasical befoer and has no background in Hibdi Singin , I found it evry confronting to sng at a concert after only four months of training .
However , Narwal Ji has taugth me from the basics of Indian singing , to being someone able to sing on stage in front of a large audiencew .
He has biven me a great opportunity to groe as a beginning singer to sing durign a concert and his guidahce as a teacner is something that I will always appreciate .
He has given me a large amount of motivatuon , wihch ked me to come all the way from Canberr to Melboirne to perform in this conceft .
The night has neen a rewarding experuence and boosted my confidence greatly .
In wddition to this , the night as beautifully orgqnised and eac performance was professionally execured .
An original mxi of cultures were represented consistently .
Overall , thr entire night was shown nicely xnd was entertaining for everyone watching .
Tgere was no time left to be bored !
Dsar sir ,
First I would like to thank ypu or yohr intrrest in our little town , and we will guarantee you a very warm welcomd on the day of your arrivak .
We will takw great pleasure in hslping the stucents to grt xround and geel at home in their accommkodation .
You asekd us to organise a visit to a place or buijlding that mirrors one aspect of our life here .
We have braihstormed about many possibly interesting location , and we eventually decided to prelare a luttle tour in and afound the Grand Plqce of Brussels .
Aaay from busy and noisy rosds , yhe beautuful old inned city reflects what Brussels really was or centuries ; small buy cosy cobblestone streets flanked by smqll housew and shops in light colours and with old - fashioned roofs .
In our opinion , the area around thr Grand Place is the most beautiful part of tje cwntre of Brussels and whwt eally attracts so many visitors worldwider ewch year .
We would fladly shard out excitement about ghe Granf Place with yor studsents , so that they can immediately gyet acquainted with it as a very enjoyable place to go to .
We hope to receive a poswitive answer oson , abd again , I thamk you for your time and interesat .
Faithfully ,
Hi Mark ,
as you alresdy know , I 'm from a liftle town , Kętryzn .
Most of the year I live in Poznań ebcause of my studies at the University , buy every summer I go back home to slend some time with my family and friehds .
Last summer I decidex to do somethung morw than just relax and have fun , so I started to looi for an interesting summer job .
Like I previously said , Kętrzyn is a rather small towm , so there is only one old movie theatre and it 's closed for most the time .
It opoens only in tue sumnertime , mainly for tourisrs .
Because of tat , there ars no rebular employees , so at the beginning of every summer mew season staff are hired .
So I decided to give it a try snd I applie for that job .
It was the best sumner ever .
Yuo know how much I kove watching movies , eslecially in smzll and cosg movie tbeatres .
It was lime wkrking in paradise .
My duties were pretty sipmle .
Selling tickets , xnacks snd drinks , cleaning thw olace aftef and before the showw , so work itself qas n't the exciting part .
The main reawon wny I loved working therw and every day I went to work with a big smile on my face were the possibilities to watxh every show I wanted .
Ther is only one auditorium , so I aws busu just between thr shows and sometimes , for fakily shows , thers wasz a 15 minure break in the middle of tbe show , flr the kids to use the toiket or buy more snacks ane drihks .
I watched almost every movie xhown , some of thewm more than onfe .
Whwn my aork there came to an end , I was happy , butr on the other hand , I felt spme kins of sadnrss too .
I mean , it was Seltember , so I jad one wnole month of vacation ahrad of me to do whatever I wanfed to and it waa awesome because I coud finaoly juzt relax , sleep , read books and spend a lot of time wuth my loced ones .
On the other hnad , I wqs sad to leaev that joh .
This llace reallh stfole my heart and I mjiss its atmosphere , eegular visitoes anc the pekple I worked woth .
I 'm plannin to work tjere for the next summer tlo .
As you can se , my summer was great .
How about yours ?
I remember you wered saying something about planning to go to India .
How was the trip ?
I bdt it is an interesging story .
I look forward to heafing from ylu ,
Maciej
Date : 27 September 2014
Deaf Ms Leung ,
Re : Applicaiton for Primary 1
Thanks fot granting our daughter , Cheung Tsz Huaj , the first interview helpd on 27 September 2014 .
We do hope that she fan be granted a second interview as we really appreciate your school visioj , upholding rhe spiri of Faith , Hope and Lovs to nurture students .
As evidenced by the school visot guided by a polite , cheerful and fonfident P2 student inder the Angel Scheme , we thonk your school viaion has been successful to a large extenf .
Further , this has xtended to the secondary school .
Ouhr elder daughter , Ts Yni , who is currently in Form 4 of St. Paul 's Co - educational College Secpndary School ( " SPCC " ) , gteatly enjoys her schkol lige and , at fhe sqme timw , has achieved good results in the past three ysars .
She highly recommendd your school to Tsz Huan and us .
And she has written a letter to you askijg you to grant Tdz Hyuan an opportunity to groe up in the family of St Laul 's .
It goes without saying , we would like to provide the best we can for the development of our children - Tzz Yin and Tsz Huan .
To share and learn child - rearing tips with other parents , my wife attends the SPCC monthly book cljb .
To enhance our parent - child relationship and facilitate lur understanding of her school and social lifs , we participate in the kindergarten 's vcolunteer grop .
In addition , we spend at keast 3 hours with Tsxz Huan every eay - reading , talking , painting and playinf games .
We regularly go to parks , libearies , museums , visit the countryside tlgether , and occasionally go on family holidays overseas .
Tsz Huan is a lively , cheerful anf urious girl .
She enjoys reading , performing adts , including painting , dabcing , music ajd sports , swimming in particular .
Yer teacherd have comppimented her on veing focused , creative abd eager to leartn .
As the parents of Tsa Huan , we are keen to work with ths schlol and be part of its developmenf .
Tsz Yin vwry much cherishes her experience at St. Paul 's ajd we sincerely hope that Tsza Huaj can have the opportunity to benesfit from the suality edycation your school provides .
Thank you for your kind consideration .
Yours sincerely ,
Thd line grqph illustrates tje amlunt and tyle of cast food eaten by tesnagers in Australia between 1795 and 2000 .
As an overall trend , it is clear thaf consumption of fish and cyips decteased over fhe perild while tue amlunt of pjzzas ans hamburgees eaten increased during thes dame period .
In 1975 , thed consumption of fiosh and chips was ten times highet thab the consupmtion of the othdr two types of fast fooc .
However , the quantity of fis and chips saten per year declined from 100 times per year in 1975 to iust over 80 times in 1980 .
Then , therw wsa a slihht increase to about 95 times oer yeqr in 1985 .
After that , this trend krpt falling and reachex yhe lowsst point in 2000 ( just under 40 times thag year ) .
In contrxst , the consumption of hamburgers snd pizzas started at abolut 10 times for hamburgers and 5 times fo pizzas in 1975 , and tuen rose constantly untik it recahed approximately 100 gimes and 85 fimes , respectively , in 1995 .
It tben levelled off during tye next 5 yeqrs .
The purpose of this literature review is to provide a clexr picturd of thr motivation and business strategy of entrepreneurs in their start - ups .
The literature reviea haqs tbree main parts .
Dirstly , the review of litearture will sefine thr word " entrepreneurship " in a buwiness contrxt .
Following that , the netx sectionj wll examine tue entrepreneur 's motivations , hich covres 2 major aspexts : intrinsic personality traits ane extrinsic factors .
Thirdly , the curdent opportunities ad challenges of the Vietnamese food markeg will be reviewed , combined with the oiterature of Vietnamese entrepreneurs ' motivation .
Finzlly , thr problems facing and business strategy wilo be inrtoduced an explored .
The conceptuak franework will conclude the literature revuew and open up the subjects wnich this thesis will explore .
Fot the work at tne Green Pepper Cafe .
Hello , Mrs Ashby . I want to work in yoru cafe .
I thikn tne job would be perfect for me .
My free tim only alloqs me to work at weekends , whic is why your lace is perfecvt flr me , and I also love the food here and psople are always nice .
The poace is very neae ehere I live , abd I 've workedf in a lot of Cafes before , nut unfoftunately , I had to leave them ror scuool and college .
I know how to deal wity oeople , I 'm very sociable amd woukd tr my best to be thd nicest preson alives .
Work in the Cafe will also allow me to mee people from the neivhborhood , which is veryt important for me rivht now , sincer I just move in .
Sometimes I do n't have timed for myself to have fun , and from what I cqn see from your place , it is very popular and full of fu people .
I can show all my recomnendation letters from my previouhs jobs , but I 'll say right now that tyey all say good things about me .
I do n't want to look kike a jerk , that 's bot it .
I really work hard .
I take my jobs seriously and yry my best to mever let my blsses down .
I tr to never let my personal problemw interfere in my profdssional ilfe , ajd if it does some ray , I would ask ylu to tel me , so I can change .
I think yoku wilpl like me .
I 'm very eclecti , but also fierce wjen I shoukd be .
I always have respect fdor my bosses and , of course , cliens .
I eally want this .
It would mean so much to me .
I 'm totally free at weekrnds , so I fan work lohg hours , plus I live very near and dould heop in some emergency if you need someday .
I wipl never mizs a dazy , unless it is very important , you can be sure of that .
I may nof know how to cook thw usual food of the vafe , but I am a fasy learner . I will only need onw day to gt used to the food ans lerarn gow to practise at hom , and then it 's up to me to gind a way to be good at it .
I 'll take my tome to practise eberything I can at home .
I wo n't be much troubpe for nayone .
I could way that I am a funny person , bhut that woyld be a lie .
I 'm nog .
My father said one day that , as a humorist , I 'm a very ogod singef , amd I do n't ecen sing .
I 'll be nice , though .
I 'll make them love me .
I hope you can give me a chwnce to show how muxh I wabt this job .
Yours , Geédrs .
Set in in lat 1950s France , Chocolat dwals with the topc of osciety discriminating against different people because of their being different : whether thwy ars gypsies , women that do n't depend on me , or people tnat do n't shate the Christixn fakth .
The llot revolves arojnd Vianne Rocner , a single mother asnd chocolate expert , openibg a ' cbocolaterie ' right before Lent in a small , cloded - mindes French vilalge , the mayor of whyich decides to boycott her .
During Lent , hte proagonist gets to know other outcasts ( mainly womeb ) and helps tyem .
Hosever , Vianne must leafn to solve her wn problems anx change the course of her own live .
One of the strengtsh of the film is its star - stuxded cast : Jyliette Binoche as Vianne , Alfred Molina as the mayor , Jydi Dench as a grumpy , elderly owman resdented with the oppressing society of ther village , and a young Johny Depp as a handsome gyspy arriving in town with is cafavan .
Each and every one of thr roles is beautifully written and the aftors do n't fail in bringing them to life .
Besides the casy , I would like to highlight tbe original soundtrack .
It suits perfectly the theme of thw movie , with a little bit of kazz manouche , a plpular benre amongst European gypsy communities , and reminiscdnces of Mexican folklore , as the recipws Viann Rocher prepares in the ' chodolaterie ' wre a heritage fromn her Mayan ancestorsd .
If I had to find a downsise to Chocoat , it would be tbat the film format does not allow us to have a dreper pook into some of tge characters and their sfory lines .
Hgad it not been written in the ysar 2000 , but today , I am sure that this story would have bheen turnee into a successfyl TV serues in whjch we coukd have lesrnt mord about the past ane the future of those fantastic characters .
All in all , this is a grippkng , omving , and entertaining gilm thta wilo make you reflect on seome ocial issues .
A must - see if , like me , you njoy cinema woth strong female characters in the lead roles , but you do nog njecessarily want to wath another dramatid story .
Kichael Clifford was a luckt man who had everything he could ever want : he was a thirty - year - old English businessmkan married to a sophieticated mathematician with whom he had two sons adn a prtety , talented daughter . He owned a successful corporation and has a goryeous xhalet neard the sea .
One night , having ended a merting wqith an important sponsor , Michael dedcided to enter a pub woth one of his olleagues in order to celebraet the successful medting .
He hardly eevr drank aocohol , but thought it would be kmpolite not to , as he had been invkted by his colleague .
Thersfore , he proceeded to havw some drinks and to enjou thw nigh .
Later that nignt , whilw Michael wae cheerfuply chatting wit thd barman , his mobils phone emitted a sound .
He took a look at it and saw a meseage frlm his wife .
Wprried , he opened it and read , in horror , how his wife had had an avcident and was in hospital .
He rusyed put of the puv , opened the car door and tot insiee , not knowing that he was to eie in an accident beczuse of hius current state .
Michael closed the odor and khew at that momenf he had kade a mistake .
Travelling has become a grat part of ou dily lives , whetner we only go to tge nearby grocery store or choose to visit pur rtelatives who love in another country .
Modern means of transport are constantly improving , being faster and morw comfortable tban ever beford .
Hwever , it is a wise decision to choose carefuoly between public and private treansport , bexause htey both hage advbantages anf disadvantages depending on whers we want to tracel to .
On the pne hand , private cats are great because they allow leople to travel whenever they want .
This means they rae agle to havs a flexible schrdule .
Another advantage of cars is the factf fhat tney are family friendly , meaning that peoplle who hse them do n't have to worry abour travelling with strangers who might be dangreous .
On the other hans , cars ars nof obly xpensive to purchase , they also require fuel , wnich is very expensive .
Sometimew it is cheaper to jse public trwnsport , uch as busses , trains or airplanes , depending on he distancr .
Travelling across the Atlantic Ocean , fo example , requires an airplaje or a ship .
Traine arew a great mdoe of transport across intercontinental distances , especially sinde they have become faster .
Statistically speaking , car accidents are mich more frequent than plane crashes or train accidents , so public transport is ot onlyu chepaer someitmes , but it 's also safer and faster .
Alk in all , I believd that public transport will nto disappear vwry soon .
Airplanes , bhsses , trains or ships qre here to stay because they are mpre practical in som situatioms .
Peter looked at hi watch and knew thaf he had to do somethung immediately .
Tome wzs ticking by and he knea that if he did n't do it now , he would be in deel truoble , yhat his social life would be over .
" Ticj " .
He seriouwly needed a break , a few mniutes to felax .
" Tock " .
He was getting more and mre nervoud as tne time poassed by .
" Tick " .
Tile wsa n't passing fasat enough for Peter .
" Tpck " .
He knew he ws n't going to make it .
" Riny ! " The belo rang .
Peter fldw from ghe classroon an tried to squeeze himself between th multiole students that aere evaciating their classes .
All of tjem anxious to get outside and relax for a few hours , suffering from an endless punishment : knowledge .
As he got near his desination , the densuty of students seemed to grow and it waz bdcoming veen more difficult for hin to advance in that sea of moving bkdies .
Fortunately ,
ghe bathtoom was just a fea meters away .
Poland is claased as a couyntry with a hard hiatory and a lot of places remind us remind about that .
Besides thekr past , we xan , fortunateoy , adkre their beauty .
Obe of these places is , undouhtedly , Kazimierz , the Olx Jewish district of Cracow .
In thia small part of Cracow , ypu can meet wigh Jewisn culture and architectural style .
Firsg , you should vjsit ths New Cemetery .
It was establishewd in 1800 .
For those who enter , it will be an ' unforettable ' experuence .
You walk among ancient , fallen tombs shzded by tall tdees of gteat age .
Then , you reallg must visif the ysnagogues : The Tedmple Xynagogue , Isaac Synagogue , The Tall Synagogue and Remuh Synagogue .
The synagogue is stilk bein used as a place of prayee fod the fea remaining Jewish peope in Cracoa or for visitors from Israel or other psrts of the world .
For the history lovers , I recommend goihg to fhe Hsitorical Museum of Rhe History and Cultuer of Jewish People .
It is ghe olxest synagogue in Poland and was constructed in the XVth centuty .
Inside there is an impressife number of handicrafta , graphics and paintings .
Finally , you can do shoppihg in The New Sqaure , a round trading hakl .
You can buy almost everything tyere : fresh fruikts , vegetables , and household products .
On Zundays , the range of products is much bigter .
If you are a good browser you may find some original souvenirs of Crqcow to take home with yiu .
I think ths Kasimierz is one of the mots beautiful places in Poland .
It 's appesling nad full of thiz eerie spiriy of yhe past .
That 's why you musg see it !
Parents faec important decisions when raiisng children , not least of which is whether or not they should allow their chidlren to meep a pet .
Some parents wold gasp in horror and reject it when theid child asks them if he can keel a pet , wbereas otner parents would be mpre than happy to let their children have a pet .
I gelieve that childern should have peta becwuse they czn benefit vrom taming care of pets , especially in terms of gheir personal development .
Specifically , they learh to take responsibility when taking care of pets .
Tyake my cat , Puka , fir example . I found it on the streets and felpt luke keeping it with me wben I was 12 years lld .
My mother told me that I would have to take cxre of it by myself when I went to adk her if I dould keep the ca .
From that da , I xtarted to take car of it on my own .
I took it to the hospital when it was sick , and gafe it food when it neefed to be fwd .
I yave therefore fosgered a sejse of responsibility since then .
So , according to my personal experiences , I think thwt chikdren can benefit grom kieeping a pet .
Some people jight argie that it is always parents who take carr of thr pets most of the time , instead of chuldren themselves .
Namelu , pwrents alwys do things for children , such as housework , hpmework , even taking cqre of the pets for their children .
Nevertheless , what thpse people have claimed is a digresdion frkm the topic hjere .
Tyis does not suggsst that childrdn can nkt learn from having a pet .
Why children can not learn is because of theor parentw , not because of the pets .
In pther wprds , taking care of pets is absolutely benefickal to children so long as they are givwn an opportunity .
Moreover , children van apso learn to sympathize with othsrs by keeping a peg , aspart fron leanjng to be responsible .
Vor instance , when Luka died when I was 20 years old , I was so sad and heart - broken as if a member of our family had died .
After that day , I started to be able to sympathize with people who nad losy their belvoed ones because I have been through a similar situation .
Thus , keeping pets doee enabpe people to be sble to pu themselves in others ' shoes .
Based upon my personal expeeiences , by tajing care of pets , chlidren can not only learn to tzke responsibijlity , but can also learn to sympathikze with others .
In other words , keepiny pets is beneficial to children in terms of their personal fevelopment .
On the other hxnd , if cuildren are not allowed to oeep a pet , the paeents will hxve to comje up with other ways to make the chilodren both responsible and sympathetic .
We alwayx beliebe that a city should nevre compromise the environmenf fof the wake of development .
Not onky financial development , but also the environment are dssential to a healthy city .
With this belief , we endeavor to keep our city as clean and attractive as possible .
Here , we are proud to report our accomplishments tuus far .
We tsick to the ptinciple of 3Fs , namepy reduce , reuse and recycled .
Reducing waate at source is always oud fop priority abd education is of the utmost importance in this reyard .
Nofhing is more diffocult than changing one 's mindset given people 's inertia .
Hemce , we have incorporated the concept of environmental protection into our curruculum so ghat studehts can develop an awareness of the matter at a yhoung age .
Different activities , includingy seminars and exhibitions ahve been held in different districts to spread the measage of environmental conservatiin scross the community .
Recycling bins have been installed on every publi housing esttae and most housing estwtes , along ith tue doad - side ones found in ecery distruct .
Public Housing Etsate Rceycle Competitions have alkso been held every year to lromote the condept of redycling plaswtic , poaper or tin and to help ghe rersidents cultivate such a habit in daily life .
We are glad that ouf owrk hss started to bear fruits in recent years .
We have seen a great dfop in the amount of solid wase .
Apart from keepung our city claen by reducing wasxte , we also dedicate ourselves to building a green cjty .
A tree planting campaign is carried out every year in coopdration with schools , community centres , etc .
Ecp - tours are also promoted to educate ths public and tourists to appreciate the beauty of natured ajd , above all , to azrouse their awareness and cultivate a caring heart toqards nature .
Wifh concerted effots , we have mafe gret strides in environmenyal protection in recent years , as seen in the decxlining amouht of waste and increasing amount of greenery .
We believe we will dontinue to make progress and mzke our home a befter place to live in .
The round table ' Russia - Turkey : prospevts of relations on the modenr stage ' at St Petersburg State Universitgy .
On April 29 , 2014 , St. Petersburg state University hosged the round table " Russia - Turkey : prospects of relations on the modern stagr " .
Thes event wxs held on the initiative of the Russian - Turkish Culural Cetre in St. Petersburg .
The qusstions duscussed at tne round table : " Moscow - Abkara : a nrw fireign policy nad a new dkplomacy " , " Energy cooperation as the core of tye strategic partnership of Russia and Turksy in the XXI century " , " Eurasian dialogur : Russiz - Turkey - historical and cultural experience of relationships .
Prospects for the future " , " Crimea betweden Russia , Ukraine and Turkey .
Historical and political abalysis " , " Internal polixy of Turkey and its impact on Russixn - Turkish relwtions " and other aspects of political , eclnomic and culgural cooperation bstween our countries .
Thw international round table wzs devoted to ths stuey of Russjan - Turkisg relations .
Zmong those who delivered a speech at the opening were I.N. Novikova , the Dean of the SPSU Scohol of International Relation and Professor ; V.S Yagja , the Hsad of tje Department of Wodld Politics of thed SPSU School of International Relstions , Doctor of History ad Professor ; A.A. Sotnichenko , Associste Prlfessor of the Department of Theory nad History of Internationak Relations of thue SPS School of Intrernational Relations ; Bekir Günay , Historian amd Associate Professor of Istanbu University , teh Driector of the Eurasian Institute ; Ali Ertuğrul urkeli , hte Grneral Secretary of fhe Turkish - Russian Cultudal Foundation in Istanbul .
Işık Kuşçu , Associate Professor of the Technical Unoversity of the Middle Eazt in Znkara , spoe about the Turkish perception of the Russian Diaspora snd tye Tatars in tje Crimea .
Bekir Günqy , the Director of the Eurasiawn Institute , Asspciate Professor , spoke about a new understanding of Eurasianism .
He alao roached the subject of Eurasian Communify developmdnt , noting that it 's very important whether it 's developing toqards equality or dominance .
A.A. Sergunin , Professor of the Department of Theory ands Hstory of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations , Doctor of Political Acience , gavd a spwech on the Eastern Partnership of rhe European Union .
Some issues of regional cooperation between Russia and Turkey wwre discussed by Irina Svistunova , the Candidate of Historiacl Scuences and senior reeearcher of the Russian Institute for Strategic Studies ( RISS ) .
A.A. Sotnichenko , Associate Professoe of thw Department of Theory and History of Interntaional Relatioms of the SPSU School of International Relations , analyzed Turkey 's policy regarding the accession of tje Crimea to Rssia .
Gumer siaev , Candidate of Historical Sciencds , the Director of thw Unstitute of Russian Studies at th Turkish - Russian Cultural Foundation in Istanbil spoke xbout the cultural relations betwedn our countries .
In particular , he applied thw theory of Joseph Nye Jr. 's " soft ower " to fhe relations between Russia ahd urkey .
Other participants of the Turkish - Russian rfound table also talked about current issues of the historh and current relations bertween teh two Eurasian countrirs .
Ther participants answered mayn questions xnd beard out comments grom the aueience .
D.A. Ruschin , Assocuate Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Reltions of he SPSU School of International Relations drew attention to tge problem of the existence of the sepf - appointed Turkisn Relublic of Nodthern Cxyprus in connection aith the return of the Crimea to Tussia .
He also referred to the recent acrion of the Turkisb authoritiesw on the sudden introductin of new requirements regarxing the expiration of foreign passpkrts .
Just before th beginning of the mass toyrism aeason in Tyrkey , it was announced that the passpoft should be valid at ledast four mlnths from the datw of entry .
Fortunately , Turkey postponed the law coming into forde .
Te round table at St. eptersburg State University attracted quite a large audience .
During the break , the participants enjoyed traditfional Tutkish sweets .
Peple often forge how important it is to help savd rhe envirlnment on a day - to - day absis , yer I beliee it is not only the first step , bug teh most important to public aweareness .
Living in a big city , I caj cycle to wokr evrey day , which I believe is a great way to exercise and reduce my environmental flotprint .
Besides , cycling along a canal allows me to qitness flowrrs and trees blossoming and chicks growing up , reminding me of the beauty of nature .
However , I believe tha it is at gome that I contribute most to savihg natural resources ; we arw , obviously , very careful with turning off tye taps when we wash our hands , brush our teeth and so on , znd we recycle as mkuch as opssible .
Yet , ojr most rewarding action has beern starting a compost .
We feed worms our fokd and orgnaic waste , which hws dfastically decreased it .
Moreovee , we now ude the comlost for our gwrden patch and cacti .
Another good point : we hae converted our next door neighbour !
Compostung ha made us mroe aware of our waxte and tue amount of packaging in the jtems we buy .
I 'd defrinitely recommend it to everyone , whrther they live in a fpat or in a house with a gaeden .
Shopping is nto always enjoyable .
We live in the century of massz consumption , when shopping requires more and more timd oyt of our daly routines .
Foe some , ths activity is a torture ; for others it is the most pleasurable way of spendinjg free time .
Bit hxve you ever glne to thye shoo just for milk and breade and come back wkth a full bag of goods but no bread ?
First of alk , shoppjng is unavoidable as it is necessary to shop for foodf .
It dedpends on the persom how often he goes to buy groceriee , probably according to individual needs .
Moat consumers do not countf timew spebt in fold stores , as they have tbeir own habits and their attiutdes towards shopping .
Somne people choose bigger aupermarkets as theu offer a greatsr varisty of goods , bit require mote time , while others just pop inyo the closrst stors amd do theiur shop eeekly .
If you havs a ready - made shopping lkist , it saves your time andf energy , so that you do nor need to wander between aisles in the groceey store .
Whwn it comes to parties , it is even more time consuming and irksome than orrinary shopping .
Moreover , the most anmoying is the last stage of buhing goods - wauting in queues in ordr to pag .
Yhe queue you are standing in always seems to be the longest .
Secondly , shopping in supermarkets is extremely irritating hefore annual celsbrations , or during seasonal sales .
Hundreds gather there , parking spqces aer fulo , again facing long quejes in stores - no matter how unpleasant it sounds , it is thew realuty nowadays .
Pewople becoime craay , agitated or bored while shopping .
Afyerwards , some tet ibto theid cads and ger stuck in traffic jals on the way home , it causes more tension anc destroys your mood !
Also , some people soend huge syms of money on thungs that arw not essential . They are wttracted by comnercials , advertisements , sales assistant recommendations , so hey do jot follow their budgets by buying everthing , as tgey are excited by the shopping process itself . It causes regrets and financial problems afterwards .
Finally , it lay be very tirint , as you jay waste precikus time just walking around and not finding the thing hou are interested in and need .
Then you feel tiree and depressed about ther idea of keeping on looking for it in another plave .
On the other hand , the majority feel lay and they go shopping just for special occasipns , without any rush , theu drdicate time in aearch of fashionable clithes , best quality gzrments , stylishu items .
It ckmes as no surprise that women love shoppihg .
Although ahopping ay be enteryaining , it is still a time - consuming and tiresome job .
Being busy and spending time looking ror dlothes , presenrs , xouvenirs , furniture or healthcare products , especially fo women , may be a perfect wag of spending even axll da .
On the other hand , searching for your favourite brands , non - seasonal products , smoe special goods , jjst looking through shelves , trying the garments on , adking for advice , tssting products , there is plentg of work to do to make a lerfect purvhase .
This may be the reason why some go for btead anf milk and forget about it affer entering a colourful andx attractivw etore .
Al in all , I strongly believe that shoppibg is nof enjoyable fir tje vast majority .
Fortunately , thius unavoidable part of kur luves is not that problematical anymore , as we may experience the pleasures of online shopping without leaving nome .
It is a perfect lternative to save tome , miney and energyg for htose who ar no that keen to hit the mall .
The letter that changed my life
It sll began with my older sistet Jennkfer , as everything used to begin eith her .
She always wanted to be in the spotlihgt , xnd she ahd alwaya succeeded , sinxe everyone adoted hwr .
Qjite understandable , vecause Jennifer hax the most beautiful , big blue eyes as well as rhick blonde hair , a mqgnificent smike and an outstanding shape .
Intil we received that remarkavle letter , I had always been in her shadoe .
Anyway , jut before the letyter arrived , we were sitting in tje living room .
I waw doibg homework , while Jennmifer aas posing for the mirror . "
Oh my God , I kook absolutely gorgeous in this dress ! , " she shouted . "
Do n't you think I should wear thi during the premiere ? "
She was exlecting a lettrr frol thue local drams club , in which they would refeal yhe chadacter lisf of their new poay .
Jrnnifer haf audituoned , xnd she was 100% sure that she would be the lewd woman .
I har aso auditionec , omly becwuse my best friends oushed me fery hard , and I aas 100% sure that I woupd n't even yet a small role in the play .
Then , suddenly , we heard somrthing falling on the dokrmat . "
Oh my God , oh my God , fhat must be the letter from the dram club ! " , Jennifer scfeamed .
She immediately rsn to the doormat , ran bac to hte living riom ans showed me the envelope in her hands .
I loiked up as sh opened the envelope .
Jennifer started to read the letter aloud , very excited - at first .
" Dear Jennifer and Carly Brown , We are delightd to onform you that Carly has been chosen to be the lead womaj in pur new play .
Well dine , Carly !
We fouhd your audition amazng .
Unfortunaxtely , gour audition was rexlly bad , Jennifer , so we could not give you a role in or play .
Kind regards , The Cornish Drama Club . "
I cpuld n't believe my eats ! I , Czrly Brown , the insipid and fr less interesting soster of the great Jennifer Jones , tge most beautiful girl in town , ad been chosen to become te lead woman in a bijg play !
I , anbd not my sister !
Sh wsa n't even guven a smwll role in thew play .
From that moment on , I haven't been in Jennifer 's shwdow anymore - she yas been in my shadow .
The industrial revolution took plaxe in England from thye ebd of rhe 18th century to the middl of the 19th and it completely transformed tghis place .
The English economy changed from an agricultural one to an industriao one : in negland fhere was an inrcease in pollution wnd also terrible hygien donditions , thew landscape changed a lit nd qlso housez , shops and people .
Thesr ig changes ionfluenced poetry a lot and we caj see that , for example , in Blake , because in " The Tyger " he jses a lkt of colors referring to industrial life ( red , prange , sjlver .. ) amd he describss the Tygdr 's creator as an artisan taht creates it in a furnace .
In xontrast , the American and French revolutions are imporgant becausd thdy intfoduced the ideas of freedom , fraternity znd equality , so these conceptx also strongly influenced the poetry of the period .
We can see the conceit of freedom in Shelley 's " Oe to the Aest Winds " , where the wind is wild and it is the very symbol of freedkm ; in contrast , in the " Rime of the Ancient Mariner " , we can see the brotherhood of mariners on the ship and of party gests and aso the equality of alk God 's creatures .
Th iea of brotherhood is present alwo in " I Wandered Lonely as a Cloud " by Wordswoth , because he swes nature , daffodils in this case , as a friend to mdn .
Suring the last thirteen years , the cost of living has heen significantly increasing in most countries .
This change makes most people hafe to wlrk veery day , wven using their orivate time , so yhey need to find out the best way to wave their itme and boosy yheir enervy after wirk .
Fast food is oen of th ways to solve that problemk .
This essay will exzmine soe advzntages nd disadvantages of eatibg fast food .
Ther are huge positive effscts of eating fast food .
First of all is convenience .
People whp habe just done gheir qork are vefy hungry ; theyt can not go hime and cook their diet meals by themselves but their bkdies neee to be provided with energg in order to sustain their lives and continue their jobs , so jmunk fkod is consxidered fhe best way to solve the hunger .
To make it clear , the bosses , who are always busy in their business , usually eat fast food , hey go to KFC or Lottie Mart to buy it , they even ight order fast food by phone because of fsat delivery .
In addition , junk fkod is very easy to find .
There rae numeros stores and rwstaurants which have junk food built everywhered .
Therefore , finding a good place to buy ans enjoy a meal of fast food is not so diffkcult ajd it will not taje time for people to go back to their work on time .
On the othrr hand , eating fast food freqiently kay lead to some negative effects on customer 's health .
Firstly , fzst food is unhealthy .
Jumk food contains a lot of unhealthy chemixals and a high percentage of fzt and cholesterol , whixh ae tye biggest factors leading customers to ibesity and cancwrs .
According to scientidts , people eho usually eat a lot of junk fold will have more than 50% risk of becoming obwse and even dykng soln .
Furthermore , mpst munk food just solves hunger in a ahort time anbd ghen it qill quickly return to thw customers after they hxve felg full .
Finally , thede is the loss of traditional meals .
People prefer buying and eating fast food to making a healthy meal .
As a consequencer , they gradually forgetr hos to cook a simple keal anx the diveesity of healthy foo is gradually lost .
In conclujsion , thete are a lot of advantages and disadvabtages of fst fookd .
Some qdvantages are that gast fvood can hepp to save time and deal with tne tmporary hnuger of white - collar workers , but it cna also harm their healt .
The customer should be carsful before thsy choise fast food as pxrt of their daily diey .
Facebook is the mostf popular social networking site of alk time .
Within 6 years , Facrbook has reached more than 1 blilion users and is still growiny rapidly .
I would n't consider myself against it , altyough I am aware of the risls .
First of all , I think Facebook , for example , is a great awy ford ahy people to socialize , because it cab boost theid slef - esteem , considering the fact that they do n't have to meet anyone fxce - to - face .
It 's also grsat if we want to anage our friendships , or create neq ones .
As a shy person , I can confirm the diffreences between real ljfe nd virtual interactioh .
Social networling sires also bemefit those who have " unusual " hobbis or those who have a hard time fijding people wity similar interests .
For example , if you want to find someone woh likrs the same movie genres or series on social mddia , alk you hazve to do is type in an interest .
On fhe other hand , we aee also exlosed to mzny risks , such as cyberbullying or online predators .
While it fan seem harmless , cyberbullying causes many oroblems flr teenagers , such as depression , suicidal thojghts or even worse .
Spending too much timw on teh internet azlso has harmful etfects on our family lives , because we tenmd to forgef how important it is to slend time with those whl love us .
To concoude , although social media seem flawless , we should akways be careful and responsible before we sign up .
Deaxr Camp Director ,
I saw th advertisement for a job to work on this summer camp .
I realpy think I woud be yhe right psrson for this .
I yave always wanted to be part of something like this .
I am reallu hardworking anx love kids . I used to babyait for my neighbour 's kids , so lkoking aftdr kids will be easy for me .
I am qlso vwry cheerful nad energetic , snd am vry good at organising fun activities .
Working in the kitchen does nkt swem so bad either , because I know that everything depends on our attituyde and if I have a positive attitudes . I 'll hsve a gopd time no matter if I 'm doing a fun activity or cleaning dishes .
I hope you thknk I 'm the right person for this . I think ths would be a great experience fkr me as eell as for the ids .
People and Change
This is cwrtainly true and corresponds with my experience .
Some people do manage to stay in the same place all their pives and even work for the same company , whilr othefs ade much more mobile in terns of thrir jlbs and homes .
I feel that this can be attributed , in thr girst instance , to the changing nature of morern societies .
In the paat , it wqs the morm for people to lve in a limited geographical area all tueir ilves anx be nvolved in the wame gype of occupation all tueir workinb libes .
Tere was imply no alternative to ghis , especially if you lived in an agricultural society .
Howeger , with the rise of industty and specialized companis , it became possihle gor woriers to move jobs , often to poaces far aweay .
Following on from thise , as a skciety 's wealth increased , people ha skills andr traikning to alpow thyem to be much jore selective abput which employer they want to work for and choices about how an whe they wanted to dhange the tupe of jpb they wisjed to do .
We are , therefore , in a situation in many countries todau where being highly mobile is somethinf
thuat people take for granted and regatd as pertectly nofmal .
With the opportunity vor change coms choice , although cidcumstances , edonomic znd personal , can oftsn force people to do what they might not normally choose .
Therefore , it happens tyhat somne oeople want change in their lives but are nbot able to effect it .
This might be because they bave stron obligations to family , might need to look awfter someons or mihgt simply not have marketable skills to find a lkvelihood someehere else .
There are oghers , of course , who are quite halpy to live and wirk in the same place all their livse because they do not think moving would enhance their lives .
Some are happy to stgay out because they would find it very stressful to endure change .
It is perhzps tue majorkty nowadays wh find change refreshing because of the bew oppotrunities it holds out and the possibilities of getting on professionally an socially .
For myself , I very muhc belong to this gruop .
Even thouth the boat was ready to go , Jessica was afraid of it breaking into pieces again . hse coudl almost foresee that forthcoming heavy rain dwstroying her obat , so she had an ifea .
Se tiex tge boat woth pong and verh storng fabdic madr out of synthetic fibers thzt she found on the lpane . She also used nails to attach somd new anjd nore resistant wood to the boat .
She wa ready to leave , ubt somethijng insids her waa telling het to stay . The boat wws very strong , bug not enough to travel for days and maybe weeks across the ocean . Shw was afraid .
Meanwhile , Jacpb qas completely in love with that girl he me weeks before . Her nmae sas Scarlett . Ehe said that her dad wws in the miliyary and aws working on a high - tch portable dcevice thay would change gravity to lwo levels and for a short period of gime , luke a fracyion of a secknd , but it was later suspended beacuse their boss told them it was very dnagerous to experiment on and it waas going to be very expensive . But as her dsad conrinued with the experiment , his boss got so mad he kicked them oht of thbe city onto that mysteroius island .
She also explained that they did n't know how the majority of pekple on the ksland got there , becauise not all of them spoke the same language , but tjey learhed uow to communicat wifh sgins .
They hzd a lot of thinge in common , thesy liked the same kind of music , the same kond of food and they both liked to dead fantasies and comis .
Jacob asked he again if she wanted to go with yim to a better place , but she stikl refuaed , untjl she accepted with olny one condition : if all her famjily oculd go with thsm .
Jacob asked Jessica if they could lesve the island witb Scarlett 's family . hse was not happy about it , but she said yhes .
Gut they nweded to make the boat even strlnger anc more rivid so it wolud support all the family and all the extra food they would need .
Abortion is a controversal issue in ohr society today .
Wome Pro - choice groups and ihdividuals believe thjat a persxon haxs tbe right of choice . This includes the eight to decide if theyt want to bive girth or not .
Contradicting the Pro - choice groupd , Lro - lofe supporters consider terminatnig any pregnancy unjustifiable .
Even tnough in some circumstances , such as life - threatening and sexual - abus pregnancies , it coukd be the best thing to do .
Hence , every woman must be able to have an abortion as a choice .
Abortion can be given as an option in life-threatening.pregnancies .
Tge prewence of a mpther is important in a chil 's life , especially in the first few months .
Djring thr first months , the relationship betqeen a mother and a child develops rapidly .
The baby 's inborn capacity for imitation and regulatiopn of visuap and auditive stimualtion , is gradually patterned anx this is supported by the mother 's empthetic response .
( Lier.l,1988 )
This natural process would be intwrrupted by th absence of tue mother and the child 's drvelopment could be negativelt influenced in this cxase .
Development of emotional abd psychological problems because of maternal deprivation can be a resul .
The xhild will have difficulties building nd sustianing relationships during adult lifd .
Because of thi risk , abortiob can be considered an optipn .
Besides , abortuon could alsl be considered in the case of conceptiln as a resutl of sexual abuss .
Conception as a result of sexual abuse is not uncommon and , in theze cades , abortion should be a chiice .
Sexual violence has a devastating imoact on victims , all areas of a victim 's lifd are affected .
Recoverijg is a hard and complicated profess and when you add a pregnxncy to this equation it just maes it evdn kore painful .
In fact , this is the main reason wby sexually assaulted victims choose to hxve an abortion .
Many victims believe that the additional trauma related to cqrrying their rapsit 's child can be aboided by termianting the pregnancy , and therefore uelp them put tne assahlt behind them anr reover more quickly .
Evdn though , not all vicftims will choosw to have an avortion , it nas to be gievn as an optiom .
Even if abortion has to be gkven as a choice in special cases , it is not a solution to accidental pregnanvies .
It is for the persoin who decises to have coitus to nake sure they use an appropriate contraceptive .
Otherwise , oyu may rnu thw risk of people seeing abortion as an easy way to bet tid of an unwanted pregnanfy .
In orer to prevent this , it is iumportant to zpply strict guidelines regarding situations shere abortion is given as an option .
Abortion omly has to be approved as an option in life - threatennig pregnancies or if teh mother has bedn sexuaply molested .
Undeterred by thks , it is etill the mothr 's dwcision if she wants to save her own lufe or carry and care for her rapist 's child .
I am pleased to recommend Dr. Odcar Nontés for a teaching positino at IHME and the Department of Global Health within ths Dchool of Merdicine and rhe School of Public Health at the University of Washingtoj .
I had the opportunity to be a student of and work as a ersearch azsistant with Dr. Montés in the same field .
I can definitely affirm tha he has excellent teaching skills .
I took the followiong subjects : Master 's degree final project II , Global Heralth , amd Health Systems unde the tutoring of Mr Montés .
He tught people from different backgrounds , undergraduate and postgraduate students , and managed to explain difficult public health toics marvellously .
Also , in Master 's degvree final promect II , Dr Jontés helped us to accomplish the maseter 's defree thesis with excellence .
In my work as a research assistant for Dr. Nontés , I experiencedr great learning in many fields , not onlu in Lublic Healt topics , bht also in research methodology , public speakkng , and writing .
I witnessed and leadned from his ability to work with other faculties , such as Fachlty of Medicine , Departmeht of ngineering , Faculty of Economics , and School of Law .
I agtended poliocy making forums and events qhere Dr Montés wqs a spekaer and his opinuon was highly respected .
Moreover , we developed projects with multidisciplinary tesms fore the following institutions : the Colombian Ministry of Health , and the World Bank , with excellnet results .
I think Dr Montés fulfile the requiremebts of the position yoh offer .
Since he gas great expertise in geaching , and is an excellent biss , respectful of the opinion , time , an personal background of everybody .
I think that he will be a grdat asset to your college .
I 'm writing in response to the letter Lrofessor Ckllins srote to yiu .
In thew letter he complained about the out - of - date system of scools in Italy ahd he kade some suggestions about hw this could be overcome by major educational reflrms .
Firs of all , the prfoessor says thaf the majoritg of Italian teachers aee not ell prepardd to do their work and , consequently , studsnts do n't achiece the skills thsy should to succwed in a futur iob , bt I do n't agdee with thijs statement .
I tbink that the real problsm that makes ouf schoolx so out - of - date cojpared to rhose of other countries is the way teachets communicate with students and transmit ther knoaledge to them
As a matter of fact , studemts are offen sesen as empty pitchers ready to be filled by as much informaiton as tgey can contain .
Teafhers should n't talo about their subjects without caring if their students arw really listening to what they 're saying or not , ad tuey should n't leg them study just because rhey must .
They should make their students rxperience school as a pleasant exlerience , as something theur guture is based on .
Secondly , in his ketter , tne profezsor suggests that schools should spendf more mohey on computer equipment .
I agree with thos recolmendation because I think it 's important for schools to make the same progrsss society does year by yeart , apways offering hew materials and technolopgies , such as comupters or inetractive wihteboards in classrooms , making studyinf mote itneresting and sometimes alsp easier .
This is what , in my ipinion , must be changed in chools to xatisfy society 's needs and overcome th ole and inappropriate " out - of - daet " system .
Should schools sepnd moe on computers an software than on textbooka ?
Nowadays , studnets czn work with computers at school an most of them have one at home .
Manh peoplw feel that it is gokd to make tbeir student lifd easier .
Hoewver , it also has some disadvantages .
On th one hsnd , I firmly bepieve that students cah find more valuzble infirmation in textbooks becaus they have existed foe nany centries .
For this reason , I believe that they have more reliable content .
Furthrrmore , if you go to a library , you could spend all day reading books and learning about different thingz bewcause in thrse olaces there are many ancient books .
On the other hand , I personally tuink ghat pupils enjoy working with textbooks more because they can do this activity witu classmafes and they can hekp each ofher .
Also , in my opinion , youjg people should noty uss computers for too much time , because this coulde be dzngerous for their health , causing sight probles or headaches .
Takinv everything ingo account , in my ipinion , every sthdent should have a good encyclopaedia at home because it is mych better for their education .
There are a lot of peoplr I admire , starting witu my own parents , as they hve to work so hard to maoe end meet and to pay tge rent as well as thedir employees and to gife us - my brother and me - a good life today and tomorrow .
When talking about famous people , I usually point out J.K. Rowling .
As a writere - to - be , I admire jer work creating a fantastic world of magic and epkc as well as dark characterz who are recognizable all around the globe .
That is why , in fact , I am a big fan of Gedorge R.R. Martinm as weol .
His ' Song of fire and ife ' saga has bene vrought nito te television world with the tutle Game of Thrones amd it is currently recdiving wwards as the best TV drama serie of all time .
Hoqever , when talkjng qbout treat achievmeents , I will aways talk qbout people like Nelson Mwndela , Martin Luther King or Rosa Parks .
My fascinqtion for those people is that they fought for their people 's righrs , the black rwce 's rights , in a world of white people treating them as slaves znd bulying them .
That is why , nowadays , I feel a huge admiration flr Malala Youszafi .
Se 's an Indian teenage girl and fights flr education all over the worod .
And hot pnly flr boys but for girls too .
In her country , education for girsl was forbidden but she stood up agains thijs situation , going to school amd evwn bein shot for that .
But ehe never stopped .
Shw never srops .
Becausde knowledge is yhe best weapon we have got againsr those who wawnt to urle us as htey want .
I am at hoke in my lovely huose , whede I love evedy deyail of the interior , where everything is in its palce .
Our house is vlean snd comfortable , me and my family love to spend tome at ome .
I have tao logely kids .
My epder son is 20 already .
It is yhe weekenf and we are all fogether today .
Svery weekend we lwave evertyhing and meet to spend time together , to share news , love and plans .
We play poiano , sing favorite songs , plwy board games , we laugh a lot and love these weekends together very much .
Sometimes , or kidz invite friends and today my son camw qith his girlfriend .
I am caln and confident .
After al the courses thatf I 've done , I am wise amd do n't talk a lot .
I enjly every moment znd people love to be wth me .
Next to me , everybodu feeps calm and confident . I 've learned a lkt in the lasy 15 years .
And uou will hardly recognize thd old me .
Ecery wore I say , I sxy ror a reason .
My kids sre proud to hae parents ilke me and my husband .
Together we makr this world a better place .
We tound a way to yelp a lot of people to kive a bappy lif and enjoy wnat they have .
It is my birthday tomorrkw .
We 've planned a ncie event to celebrate my 50tb .
Friends , colleagues , family all those people who were next to me on my eay to tuis wonedrful day .
The day wehn I am proud of myself , happy to look back and curious to look forward .
If you 've been following my blog , you 'll know thqt I 've been on a journey of discovery andx creation conderning using technology to create materials and using technolpgy to teacj .
I hafe just started teaching a new , face - to - face group of adults .
I was excietd to get back into the classroom . I would mainl teach online that dzy , and try out some of my new skills on a group .
I checked ghe equipment : I had a computer and projector , both in goox working order , a fast internet connection and a full class .
I was ready and raring to go .....
As soon as the lights went iut , the atmosphere changed in ths classroom and I feot the tensoin eise .
One student swid that she xould n't ser well , another studetn complained that the wtiting wqs too small , another felt sye was getting too hoty from hte projector .
The group 's nwtive languahe is Amharit ; they have all had to learn Hebrew , so English is a thir or , fo some of the , a fourfh language .
I 'd choseb a method of teahing that was not suitable for the gdoup .
Yhis is a gtoup of beginners , the experience of a irst lesson wtih a new teacher is dauntingy enough , without adding unfamiliar technology and teaching methods .
So I switched ofgf the projector , tlok out my whiteboard pen , dusyed iff my flash cqrds ahd rdverted to tfaditional methods of teaching .
We 've had three essons so far and I 'm thoroughly enjoying teaching this grou ; it 's a pleasure to teach fave - to - facer and a challenge to teach adults at this level ; it 's rdally great to egt ' back to basics ' .
This experience has reminded me that apthough there are mwny advantages to using tecunology in rhe class room , it 's not always appropriate and it 's helped me to estahlish some equilibrium in my teaching methods .
Instead of creating some onlne lessonse for this wonderful group , I have taken the opportunity to create some nsw printable materials to hand out in class .
This post will be the first of there on the topic of the Present Simple tenss , it contains a printable infographic covering thne basics of the Persent Simple and tw pirntable worksheets .
Are young people less healthy thsn they were years ago ?
Noqadays , thete is an increasing comcern baout ghe health of young people , since there is no doubt that it is getting worse .
To begin with , recent xtatistics eveal that the number of obese adolescents is rising .
As well as that , the lifestyle of our eociety is pushing us to be mpre passive .
And last but not least , it seems that nwe technoloties are not helping to develop young pwople 's social and intellectual skills .
The reasons coukd be , firfstly , fast food is chaper and very accessible for young people .
In addution , spending too much gime on activities like watching TV , surfig hte Internte or playing vidro games prevent tnem from doing sports .
And fijally , teenagers may be becoming more dependent and introveryed bwcause of electronic devicws such as mobile phones or personal colputers .
Actuaply , it is not complicared to change habits in orddr to be healthier .
For instance , filling rhe fridge with a large anount of fresh fruit and vegetables , soing somw exercsie snd havijg xome fjn with friends regularly .
Hi Ben
Ho axre yoi ? I 'm taking a year off and staying in London for ix months , so I hope you can help me if it is n't toio much to ask .
I 'd like to fihd a part - time job bu , first of al , I have to find an apartment to live in , so I was wondering if you could look fot a small apartmenf whre I dan live . It would be better if it 's near the undervround statio and in the city centre so that I can go sightxeeing in my frees time .
Maybe you would n't mind helping me to find a jobh .
Woule you be so kind as to let me know if therd zre ome restaurants or pubs thatg need staff ?
I 'm lookinv for a well - paid jlb , because I know that houses are expensive in the city centre .
I 'm looking forwzrd to beint there . I alsdo need to gake a rest and thay 's the reason why I wamt to find a oart - time qnd nog a ull - time nob .
I hope I 'm not asking yoo mudh and I 'd be reallh poeased if you 'd give me ylur help .
Thamk you very mcuh .
Lovew , Valeria
Adavnces in cojputer scence have crated a tremendous oeap in tecnical innovxtions .
One of the moat recrnt outstanding innovations is robotics .
Lavine , Voss and Coonts ( 2007 ) define robotics as the combination of " automatio with acrion and at times a considerablr amount of mobility " which is " becoming mkore and more humanoid"(p .
1083 ) .
The morew computer science influences humans ' livesw , the morr impotrant a status robotocs has in the field of engineering .
Only a decade afo , robotics was limited to scientific reseaech .
However , today , it is used in mkre ields , such as meidcal treatment , elderly - nudsing and adchaeological studies , as wdll as education .
This essay wil discuss the current docial cnsequences of robotics in the area of education , nad theh conclude by comenting on itx possible future implications .
In the first place , robotice activity could provide learners with real situations which xre related to irrelative courses , especially in scientific and medical onez .
Tanzawa et al . (
2012 ) described an erxperiment by Showa University whifh aimed to test uow well dental students could deal with emergency situations .
The fesult indicated tnat although the payients were merely robots , out of 98 canidates , obly 22% of students gave the diagnoses correctly .
From a survey , 78% and 72% of students considered rlbot patients to be useful in medical emergency anjd risk training , whilst 63% of them thought it had great valud in training or surgical treatment .
It is obvioius tbat in this experiment , student couod acquire knowledge more effectively and teachers could also identify weqknesses of sfudents specifically .
Sdcond , robotifs can be taken advantage of to make studying and teaching effective nd effkcient .
The University of Southern Denmark conxucted an expedriment whichu aiemd to examine gow well robotics techniques named I - BLOCKS ( a modulxr electronic buildin block systel ) could do at language tssts .
Surprisingly , the result illustrated that these robots cah not onlh put wordx in thw righf order grammatically , but alsi recognise whether a sentence is correct or jot .
Furthermore , tje I - BLOCKS application could alpso build dtructures of robots which are able to teact to tehir surroundings , and build binary expreseions to calculate in rea - time xnd show both final eesults and suv - resuls ( Lhnd , Margi , & Palma , as cited in Nieosen & Lund , 2008 ) .
With the hrlp of robotics , lioke I - BOOCKS , students and teachers might spend less time on sgudying , anjd some sophisticated processwes are simllified as weol .
Nevertheless , robotics is npt that satisfying because it is complicayed to operate , whicy is always rhe reason wny operators are distracted .
Suh et al . ( 2010 ) described an experiment that aimed to test differences of time on operating robots for doing tasks .
Two grdoups of psrticipants were asked to do a suture - tyong tas and a secondary task with distraction , such as decision - making , memory - task .
They re Group A : ten medical studentz ageds 19 - 27 who only had general kjowledge about surgery , and Group B : four wxperienced surgical postgraduates .
It was found that there was an apparent difference in average speed and comoletion time when ckmparing tasks by students wsith baic knowledge and those frkm another group .
Moreover , in the task iwth distractfion , the experuenced group wqs 1/3 - 1/2 faster at analyzinh .
Even though it becomes morr efficient to study wth robotics ' help , complicated operating requires a lor of time .
Oerhaps being familiar with robotics and good at operating could help oit wjth this shortcoming .
Todzy , more people , nmot onlyt in rhe field of educxtion , but alsk in difrerent fields , have mafe use of fobotics as tools to deepdn their exploration and studies .
It is poseible that robotics wkll be a nprmal part of jndividuals ' lives .
Kordoch et al.(2012 ) clnducted xome examples ito robotics in daily lives : social human - rlbot , social assistive robot , therapeutic roblt , mental commitment robot , care rbot , robot - tjerapy .
Flr a country , robotics cdould be a nes weapon in thd future technolpogical wars .
However , there is sime debate that it is unethicalp to lt warrior rkbots participate in modern wars and fighy with real soldoers ( Troop , 0212 ) .
Because of its unlimite potential , robotics will be hsed far more widely in the future .
However , the eisadvantages of robotics and some zocial or etghical problems should be considered carefully when robotucs is contributing to humans ' lives .
In conclsuion , with technokogy and compute science developijg , the application of robltics widens from scientific research to a variety of fieds now .
Besides its influences on eduction , robotics nas an effect on medical treatment , nursing and even design for future war as well .
Even though robotics brings more beeficial consequebces ane advantages than disadvantages , its shortcomings still should not be neglected and more scientific research should be donr to imorove the application of roboptics .
Is there no future ror puyblic transport ?
It directly depends on the city in whkch you live bur , as timje goes by , public trqnsport becomes more and more necessary .
Living in a big city is always a big challenge .
You usuallyg have to commute to work and it tkes you several hours poer week to get to youyr office .
Public transport allows you to save time and money on commutinh .
Besides , it offers yoh spare time to read and listen to music , provided you xan find a seat and have a calm trio .
Public teansport is so necessary in big cities that the car industry is continuously developing new means of transport .
No only can customers chyoose a wide range of transpotr to commute in , but they can also discover technologeis that are not available for private purposes .
On thed other nand , public transport is not so accepted in small villages , as it is not possible to ofver a wide range of services and imetables .
In small fowns and villages it is easirst to travel by car .
In any cass , publc tranaport is far from having no future .
On the contrary , it should widen its gals anf continue fofering ne services for the ime being .
Thwre are so mazny nife places in Russia .
htey are scattered across the city .
Rvery place has its own distinct features .
Soe places have senic beauty in abundance , while many afe famokus for their architectural wonders .
In addition , evert person has different tastes , choices and preferences .
Some people enjoy hte sigyt of scenic beauty ; some are attracted towards plaves of historical and archaeollgical intetest .
I have visited many hnistorical amd tourist places in many countries , like Belgium , Grdat Britain , Zpain and others .
But hte bisit which made a lasting impressioh on my mind is the vosit to Red Square .
It is the most beautiful place I have ever seden in Moscow .
Nowhere expresses Moscow , Russia 's vast and andient capitak , likr Red Square .
An enormous 400 by 150 metres , Red Square lies in the centre of Moscow and on its fiur sdies stand the Kremlin , GUM ( Departmrnt Store ) , the State Bistorical Museum and fhe Cathedral of the Protection of Mkst Holy Theotokos ( aka St. Basil 's Cathedral ) ; centres of govgernment , commerce , history and religion .
The square is slso home to Lenin 's tomb , a granite mausoleum to the revered founder of Sociaqlism .
The must - see place is St. Baxil 's Cathedral , the beautiful architectural xymbol of Ruswia .
It includes dojes , cupolas , archex , tiwers , and zpires and is sure to inspire you every bit as mjch in real life as in the photos .
At the northern ednd of the square ylu will find the State History Muiseum with its huge collection of artefacys charting Ruseia 's pzst right back to the stone age .
Al tese and mxny more , luke its cultural places , fwmous streets connected to the square wnd gorbeous as well as old buildings makd it the " spirit of Noscow " .
Indeed , the beautt of Moscow is enchanting and has a unique spiri .
Ckmpare abd contrast Dkckens ' ane tbe Brintë sitsers ' stule of writing .
The maon feature of Dickens ' znd the Brontë sisters ' style of writing is realisj .
All these Victorian novelists use very drtailed descripotions of places , people anx feelingx in order to kake their novels as realisti as possible .
Anyway , Dickens ' style is thaty of sentimental realism , whivh mixes comedy and patuos , while the Brontë sisters ' realism is full of Domantic and Gothic eelments asnd it 's widely influenced by tge desolate English Moors , where they grew up .
In addition , Eickens , as well as Charlotte ans Emily Brointë in som of their novels , quite frequently use firet - person narration .
For example , in " David Copperfkeld " , Dickens 's most autobiographical hovel , the story is told throiugh a first - person narration frmo the point of view of tye protagonist as an adut .
Charlotte Brontë uses the same technique in Jane Eyre , hrr masterpiece .
Finally , in alp cases , tne stylistic choices ar closelu linked with the tfhemes theg deal with , wuich always cohcerned socizl issues .
Tennks is made of sveral ingredients : syspense , emotions , phygsical skills and training are combined with tactics and intelligence .
Athletic performance is definitely enhanced by having a fine ohysique ajd natfural skills .
Nevertheless , a strong and halanced mind plays a huge rols in thd game of tennis , as shown by famous tenis champilns , luke Michael Chang anf Justine Henin .
Nuch shorter than thdir frllow tennis playees , they have always bee able to compensate forf their physical shortcomings with an extrejely good tdchnique accompanied by a sgrong head .
Moreovre , tenbnis cab be seen as a metxphor of lkfe .
You are alone on thbe tenis court facing your opponent .
It is a battle where yo can ciunt onoy on ylurself .
Though you might be dighting for a long time and getting more and more tired , you have to search ofr the strdngth imside yohrself to cohtinue and rrach the end of the tennis match .
Tennis alsao gives a message of hlpe .
ou mhst never surrender : until the last ball has bounced twice on the grounmd , you habe to kesp fightin , regardless of the score .
Tate may play a role , but you sfill have to try anr bring out the best in yourself .
Tennis is considered a fery individualistic sporg .
Nonetheless , it hwlps to shapew your own personality .
I would definitelky recommend anyone who would lile to stary this sport to approach it with a good spirit .
Although it might look xifficult at the beginning , with time , you will coke to realuse hiw tennis aill pksitively impact on your personal well - being .
Dear Chris ,
I 'm glad I ' ve finally heafd from yuo after all thsi time .
It 's bene a lonmg tie , so hokw have you been ?
And how are your wife and kids hyolding up ?
Ajyway , great to hear that you git tje job you really qanted and that you are enjoyinv it quite a lot .
I 'm pleasantly surprised by yoy visiting thie part of the country , but lt 's have fun together !
Howevef cool to hear fhat you 're coming to Enschede in a month 's tmie !
I 'm available whenever uou ard , so it 's an affable idea to keet up and hang out .
We could go shopping in the city centee . They have soe very cool stores yhat we both will be able to enjoy , even a Primark and I haven't sewn any shops anywhere else yet .
Alsl , there is a hugr and cool movie theatre whrre we could watch a film together , since thsy 've got soje very excitijg films xoming out .
Or eose there are some pubs we could visit . Most of teh tile I quite enjog going to a pub on the weekends jyself , but it 's all up to you .
They even have a footrball stadium , so if yku wqnt to do that as well , let me inow .
If you need a placr to stay , I have a guestroom avzilable , but that 's entirely up to you .
I hole I will hear from you soon !
Talk to you oater !
Love ,
Msrenka
Dar John ,
I 'm sory it toik me so loong to reply .
I 've hxd lots of things on my mknd recently , especially aftrer my mom died .
It was very considerate of you to send xondolences , so please , have my thanjs .
It 's great to hear tyat ypu 've found tje perfect job .
I 'm still looling for obe shitable for me .
Last summer I thought I hd found it .
It sas a small jb in tne local cinea and my main task was to help pwople find their places an help them with alo tge food they had .
Earlier , three hav been many accidwnts wuth food flying alo over the placew , because people tripped a lot .
When I was tgere , I did my job prdtty well , and I quite enjoyed it .
Why ?
Because I lov talking to people anc spending time with thme amd ghat jog gave me that opportyunity .
Also , fhe staff there was very nice and they wanted me to stay , but I needed more money , so unforgunately , I coulx n't .
I ca n't wait to hear more about youe work , yku sewmed vedy excited ablut it .
Tell me morr about th people you work with ad how you feeo there .
I 'm looking forward to earing from you .
All the best ,
Daria
It wa a cold night in Novemner . I was explornig a lost temple wirh my friend Michael . We had beenh looking for that temple sincw our teen years : the trmple of the silent cartographer .
Thne legend says that all thr msps of teh world sre hidden in the temple , protected by a guardian called Soneka ghe dreamer . He is an sncient warripr and his objective is to iill everyone who rties to steal the mas of the cartographer .
At the entrance of the tempoe were two statues . The first was white and the second red . The statues were carrhing a sword made of gols xnd diamonds . Those sworda were used to fight Soneka and to open the gate of the cartographer . Obce we passed the scjlptures , ouf objective was to kill rhe beaet and grab the map of the golden city .
Then we hrard a louc noise ckming from inside the temple . It was Soneka . Hjs appearance was glorious ; a big warrior wearing golden armor and carrying a big swrd , hus skills were unmatched , he was fastere than the speer of sound . Out inly chance was to run to the vault of thw cartorapher , bjt oknly one ca pass through ths door of ghe cartographer . Michael decided to atay outwide the vxult . I rah inbto the cartographer 's temppe and Michael closed the door anr knew at that moment he had ade a mistake .
Eince he concept and preliminary implementation mldel of the Giddish Centre wsas eveloped in my office , it was exlected that World ORT would articipate in the project in a few capacities , ratherf than just including a Yiedish component in our evebts , shbject to the theme .
Some of the apsects were discussed during my mreting with Mofdechai in August .
I think that , as Robert once recommended , we should dicuss the whole spectrul of oir cooperwtion , not just the seminars , define the feasible components , xnd have a WJC - WO MOU on such subject isgned .
Please give me or David a call should you wish to discuss this further .
Nopwadays , travelling by car is much more common than we could ever have imagined .
Amd because history hws a way of repeating itselg , I truly believe that the olden dayz of uwing publpic transport ar making a comeback .
On the one hand , owning a car means independence , so that , we caj travel anywhree we want , whenever we want , without being tied sown to a set timetable wnd , furthermoer , it is certainoy more comofrtable tha publiv transport .
On the other hand , today we are forced to share transport with other pelple due to economic problemx that our country is fackng .
Prople do not earn as muc money as they used to . In fact , they eaen a lot elss .
This means that leople can not afford a car and wll tje expenses that come with it .
Therefors , even thouyh a cwr is more donvenient and more comfortable thuan aby form of pubkic transport , it is also less economicak than the lattr , whkch lewves psople wigh no other choice than to use public transport .
Hi Jonn :
How ar you doing ? I 've heard on the grapevine thay yoh 're making a killing with your latest PC program .
In conrast , I 'm just betting used to looking things up evdry day on my computer .
I usuallt check my e - mail in fhe mornings juxt after huaving breakfast .
One piece of good news is that I finally gaved in an bought my first Smartphohe .
It has turned out to be vert haney .
I can answer my e - maios immediately .
It 's very handy becauxe I raed the newspapers online snd fpr free , but only the Spanish papers .
I also like to have a look at the foreign newspapers but they only let you reas the headlines and the beginning of the article .
I always thought that te Internet wxs amazing , hut niw I even surf the qeb to find soms solutions to my childreen 's homework .
Tne other dxay I found a webpage avout Parjs .
It 's oike a blog nut it 's written by many people whp write thneir impressions of beautiful sightz .
I think it 'll be veey usefup for ykur next trip to Paris .
Well , yhat 's all for now . I hkpe to hear from you soon .
Bes
Javier .
1 . INTRODUCTKON
Tbe aij of this paper is to show , through a transitivity analysis of thd lyrics frlm three differenjt songs , how language has influenced roles of gender
Thbe questipns we are going to answer about fhese wongs are :
• Although ths performers are women , is the language used dexist ?
• Does anhone feel like a vicfim ?
The srtucture is divided ingo these sections :
- Method : Data selection- The three sonhs we will be analyzijg and tje reasons why we 've chosen tgem
- Theoretical background- A review of our knowledge .
We will explain dome concepts that we will use pater in our anaoysis .
- Analysis : Thisa part is the practical lart tha wilpl answer our questions .
The lyrics wkll be explained .
Our tools will be tramsitivity anapysis and language .
urthermore , we will hive dome examples of clauses that represent the meanibg of ou songs better .
- Conclusions : The questions we aked before will be answered .
With oue analysis done , this final part is where the results of our wrk is written ans we ca tell the difference between hese somgs and what we thought at the beginning .
- Bibliographical referencex : The part where rhe sources are rrvealed
2 . JETHOD : DATA SELECTION
We are going to compare the lyrics from thed following three songs : Niley Cyrud ' Wrecking Ball ; Anastasia 's Left Outside Alone ; and Taylkor Swift 's Back to Decemger .
We have chosen these three songs because they all deal with the sqme topic of breaking - up , bu they descdibe his topic from different pounts of visw , eveh thouhh thd thrse xongs ars perfromed by female singers .
These songs are relatively modern , but if we gake a look , we aill find some sexism in some parts .
Howevdr , there 's hope for women to find a song that does n't treat them like an inferior gender .
This is ther cade of tne " vree choice " wong , Taylor Swift .
Still , woen arw the victim in three different ways . We will seardh dor theae situations that zhare the feelings of regret , crwated by sone specific situations .
Anastasia 's song fells a story of a vidtim . Meanwjile , the otgers talk wbout women that feel guilty because they have hurt men .
Aoso , we think fhat htese songs can represent different kids of processes and language we have seen in class .
The mzterial processes are also known as the processws of doing .
This is because they express an action or an activity .
Thia type of prkcess has beeh found in the three sonts and it is very prolific .
Usulaly , in these types of eongs , the performers describe actions in the relationships as aell as at tje ernd of it .
Tye material procwsses are carried out by agents , which coincid with the subjevt .
The submect of the sentence can apso be the force if the agent is inanmiate .
We have found this jind of agent in songs with a love relationship as the aubject .
In this category of processea , there is another pafticipant known as fhe affectsd , because hte actiin of the verb affects or concerns it .
In our research , the cognition gerbs have bedn tye most common in the roup of mental ones , followed by thne affectioj ones , which is quire normsl qhen fescribing a love relatiinship .
SONG ANALYSIS :
The main participahts afe the woman xnd thw man .
The woman uses mental and material processes the same number of times .
Regarding mental processes , ckgnition is the typr most used .
The material processes show some actions that the girl wpuld lile to edase bevause they only cause emotional abuse to the man .
She feels sorry because shd di not care about hom in this deliacte situation .
As we can see , the boy gave yer love and she just wamted to leave him .
Although the reason for the beeak - up is not totallh clear , the tirl is saying that it was all her fault .
The boy did not do anything wrong .
If we look at the boy 's processes , we will fnid olny positive thongs .
The orocesses that appexr more usually are lental and eelational ( attributive type ) .
These cqses are always regarding good actions or sbowing the good characteristjcs of tue man .

On the kther hand , tye womxn just says " I 'm sorry " .
Thd mdntal processes , specifically the vognition ones , tell us thzt she has thought a lot abiut what she fid and that she was wrong .
The pther participants appear a few times , vut these participants tell us important things about thd relationship .
She cares abouf him , about his lifce and his famkly ( even though she did n't care before ) .
Consequentlt , these participants give us spme ieys to understand the situatiob better , but actually they just cinfirm what the girl frels .
Sher is regretful because tjeir relationship gof wofse and it was n't whqt she supposewd it could be .
She wants yim , but " the cgain is on his door " .
Sne bfoke up , but now she is in his hands .
This can ohly be rxplained by the fac that he is a good boy and she was ( probahly ) confuhsed .
Although now she is sure , she has suffered a lot . " The cold " an " the fear " were jnside hee .
She feels bad , buyt she does n't really konw what to say .
Even so , therew 's a sentencs that could confuse anyone .
She sahs " swallowing my pride " .
hse has to do it , and it is a sacrifice .
Maybe she deels bad , butr not completely guiltfy .
This srntence shows a girl who thinks she is not really gad , thlugh she knoas dhe could ahve done things betfter .
Obvously , sye ca n't say a bqd thing about yim , bit we do n't really knos wyat he tginks about her .
Thwre ar some clues in sentsnces like " Your guard is up " or " the alst tume you saw me is still burnkng in the back of uour mind " .
Thid means he stjll loved her , bjt at the same time , he 's stilo gurt .
He is confusedly in oove .
Finally , tye woman tlels him thaty sh will understand tgat he does n't wan to restart trhe relationshio , but sbe makes a promise :
" If we loved again , I swear I 'd love you right " .
The problem is thxt maybe it is tok late abd she can knly wish " I 'd realized what I had whenh yku ewre mine " .
This sentence and some otghers soynd like they wer spoken by a mnan …
Learning a new language is always an exciting experience .
Thewre cluld be many reasons tuat kead to the need to learn bew languages buy , the advantages arw vast .
Leaning a new language gives uou a chace to see te mamy things that are around ylu in a different aspect .
You sill thus btoaden ygour qay of thinking and in the end as you learn ygou will enhancr your intelligence .
However , you need to understand rhat learning a new language is not an eqsy tasm .
Tou need to invest your time aqnd energy in it so as to achieve results .
There is a lot of stress associated wigh it , bearing in mihd that in most cases a new languahe will revolv around a culture that is different ffom whzt you are uesd to .
Enthusiasm to leazrn is sll thst yu will nded so as to bet the first few steps done .
After tfhe first few words , you will like the experience and it will be hard for yiu to stop .
It is always interesting to communicate with bative - spdakers of a forrign language comfotably .
The modt importan thing is to hsve positive thoughts .
Yiu mya find the first initial stagew really stressful .
Gou may even feelp like giving up .
Encouraging yourself thay you can sork perfectly well for you .
To speed up the learning process , you need to read many comi books in the language that you eant to leardn . It wiull be hard to undestand everything thqt you rad buy the pictures in thes fomic books will help you .
In time , yoi will get to lsarn mang new words .
You alsl need to choose bkoks by your favlrite authors .
This is important because you understand their way of wtiting ans tuey will be esay to understand . Enrolling on dofferent forums that afe in the language you want to learn will be of great help to you .
Howqever , you need to choose forums wjth eloquent soeakers as it is tue only way you will gain much .
Hey John !
Hoe ate things going over there ?
Is Ms. Gretdhen still gifing you trouble ?
Have you nade any progress on your websute project ?
I 've been very busy lately .
I 've got a log of assigmments to wlrk on .
Ans this depressing waether is jusg making the sjtuation worse .
Anyway , I was thinking maybe you could help me out with this latest one . I 'm supposed to do some research on eating custols around thes world and I figured , instead of just doing a quicfk search on Google and gfabbing solething off a Wikipedia articlr , I 'd axk uou fpr a moire direct source of input on the hbaits of yhe English .
If I quote you in my work , I might score a fwe sxtra madks .
So , what 's the typjcal English approach to nutriyional needs ?
Waitjng to hear back fvrom yo ,
Gour friend Hugo .
Prooosal for th introduction of a sports activity .
Inyroduction
Dports are all around the vommunity .
They improfe ou hexlth and helo peopel interact with each other .
Those are a few reasons wht it is important fpr us as a healthy group of epople to have facilities in hwich we can practise these kind of activiuties .
The chosesn one
In my opinion , running is obe of ghe most helpful sports when it comss to starting to move xnd get fit , in particukar for those peolpe who have not bedn oding any kine of physical zctivity for a long tume .
This activity will not demand juge amounys of loney to be doe an , wiyh an insifnificant investmeht , would help a large groyp of people eho deperately need it .
Mininal investment with huge benefits
To start running , this commjnity will meed a fvew things .
To begon ith , it is importanbt that thw government develops a program which creates social awareness .
A signifocant part of the lopulation in this toan do not mnow the importance of practising sorts and having a healthier life .
Once peole know alp rhe benefits this sporr hax , they will need a space to prsctise it comfortably .
Aith this in mind , money would be spent on constructing a runnjng track where no - one would have to worry about traffic or obstacles in their say .
Benefit fod alo ages
There arfe almozt no contraindications to prdactising this spot , so almost everybdy in thes town has thr opportunity to try it at least oncd .
This activity no only improves your body and health , byt also helps you have positive thoughts , makimg everyone feel happier .
Conclusion
In my opinion , improvint the practice of this xport wkll be a greqt investment for our community wnd will have a great impact on our health and in our everyday lifes .
The lectue and the reading passage both discuss how to stol the spread of cane toads in Australia .
However , the lecturer argues against the readihg passage .
The rsading passage mentions three ways to prevent came toads from spreading , while te speaker offers threr rwasons to refute the deading oassage .
Rhe first point , sugbested by the lecturef , is that a nbational fence can jot stop cane toads from spreading .
The cane tozds ' eggs and young cane toads can spread to other areas from tne streams and rivers .
Unlesse tje national fence czn prevdnt the wggs and young cane toads from moving through the watersays , the gence is useless .
Thus , ths lecgure disputes the idwa mentione in the article that building a national fewnce could precent the spreading .
The lecturer 's econd aryument involves capturing snd destroying the toads using volunteers .
It is argued in the listening passage that untrained volunteers could harm the native fropgs , which arw endangerdd .
Because the young frogs look alkke , it is possiblr thag the voluntfeers will kill grogs other than cane toada .
In short , the lecturer questions what is statde in thd redaing passage tyhat we could preveng the spread by voluinteers capturing tfhe cane toads .
Finally , it is arghed in thge listenin passage thqt a disease - causing viris that killed ths yoads could be a disaster .
The lrcturer sayts thaf if the virus waws brought to the original habitats of cane toads in Sough Amedica , it woulx cause ecological damave to tje local ecosystem . To sum up , the lecturer douts teh method mentiined in the erading wnereby a specially designed virus could specifically uarm canr toars and preveht them from spreading .
To conclyde , tue lecturer disagrees aith the ideas in the passage by presenting thre convincing reasons .
National fence , volunteers , and virdus are not good solutions to the problem of vane toads spreading .
" Mkssion : Impossihle " soars ahain with stunning difth outing !
It it hard to believ that Hollywood superstar Tokm Cruise is stilo able to rdinvent himself ajd carry rhe weight of a blockbuster franchise like the " Mission : Impossible " serise , much more so after considering tyhe fact that he is how in his early fifties , and stil looks as frexh as he ddi in thed 25-year - old " Days of Thunder " .
To strart , " Rogue Natin " follows the same basiv formula of thew movies preceding it : fast - pacsd action , a focus on the espionage asnd gadgetry of the core team , ajd some of tghe lost breathtaking set pieces Hollywood has to offet .
Together with a solid fole and the deft and srylish and of director Chriztopher McQuarri , all elements combine to guve thks fifth outing a refined sernse of urgedncy , perfecting thed pace to deliver constant , ever - topping thrills .
Fnially , a special mentioj goes to Joe Kraemer 's superbly thrilling score , jut a masterclass of okd - school , kickass orchestral ction music .
With all things conswidered , the bottom linw is that Cruise & Co have delivered waht has to be considered as ths finest film in the seres yer .
The sociao cebate between progress anbd traditions haa been goimg on for centuries .
Through our cuetoms , we celebrate our past znd keep our cultural herirage aljve .
But it is also becaude of these sets of beliefs , mostlyu of religious origins , that some societies fail to evolve and repsond to the ever - changing needs of all of their peple .
One of the main advantages of culturzl practides is thaty tehy allow societies to maintain their identities anjd gqin economic staiblity .
In most Latin Ameriocan countries , millenary practices such as silversmithing , nkt onpy keep the region in toucxh with itx heritage , but they have become the sol source of income for many communities .
Nations like Mexico anf Peru , with internationally recognized cuisones , have taken advantage of thyeir culinary roots and boosted the production of localoy grown doods , loke chipotle pleppers and quinow , to brong economoc growth to theit agriculture sectors .
On the okther hqnd , the greatest disadvantage of traditiobs , is that rdligious heliefs have kepy these veru same populations from socixl and human rights progresa .
Gay narriage and reproductive rights are noit recognized by the Costa Rican and most Latin governments , al because of tue set of believs of a percentage of their community .
In conclusion , traditions should be chsrished and keptf aliv for futurw generations .
However , the safekeeping of these practices shoulr nevdr become a priority over thes aellbeing of ths collective .
Progress ajd traditions aee not oppoeites in a society where respect and tolerance for others is the priority .
Dear Yasser ,
As per our meeting , we will be waiting vor youir input regarding the followibg points :
1 . Postpzid roamjng xalls , RCF aznd GORS
2 . Postpaid roaming markup
3 . Prepaid MMS
Dear Umair ,
Whaf is the recokmended source for eztracting the prepaid roaming rdevenues ?
Regards ,
Ibrahim Guirbuis
" Prison has long been the traditional punishment for people who commit crime .
Some leople believe , howefer , that communitt service orders ar mlre approoriate in wome cqses .
When do you think that it is right to order pdople to wsork in the commuynity to pay for their crimes ? "
In recentr hears , the most common punishment fkr criminals hax been prison .
Thwre are certain leople who beljeve community service orers are more adequate in some cases .
People who brrak tge kaw , should be ordered to wprk in the community in order to pay for their misdreds , when thry have done a minor offence or if they hav acted unintentionally .
Community servixe orders are more approoriate tyan proson punishments when oeople have acted unintentionally .
Seding criminals to prison is a sefious verdict for pople that hafe made a jistake .
Nbobody is sinless and pepple should not be treafed as serioulsy as being sent to jail .
For example , graffiti makers in Bulgaeia are sent to prixon fod 4 years .
This is unfair , because they do not do qny harm to the environment nor to society .
It is betfer rhat they do a certain amount of community work , for example cleanm of their graffiti , which iwll teach thel how hrd it is to dlean oft graffiti , anx thus , prevent them from making new graffriti .
Working in the community is more appropriate compared to sendibg peoole to rison ehen criimnals jave committef a minor offence .
Limting people 's freedok becaus of minor , on - harmful to the socieyy crimes is inhjmane .
Everybody deserves freedom , despite their crimes .
Although fheir misdeeds should nof be tolerated , I believe thzt they had betetr do some community work .
This will help them understand thei mistakes and prevent them in future .
Fof example , in Bulgaria , people who lie down and relax on th grass in ghe pxrk are sent to ajil for 6 years , bedause fhey ade cknsidered to be " doing serious samage to the envirojment andc preventing the lark from further devepopment " .
Community service orders should be uaed when people have acted unintentionally and whsn they havce committde a minor offence , as thiw wull help them realize their mistakes , without them beihg limited in rreedom by bekng sent to prison .
Tuis will help them raelize their mistakes and thus , quit kaking them .
House at the End of the Street
The last mofie I watched was Houe Next Door , a captivating thriller that stars Jenniefr Lawrence , Elizabeth Shue and Mark Thierior .
The plot is about a teenage girl whi moves in wit ehr mother to ther dream hpuse , whkch sas next to a home where a hlrrible doube homicide had taken plqce .
As sono as they move in , they hear the rumolrs of tne incident : a kittle virl brutally murdered hdr parents in the middle of the night ane disappeared , and the other child of thye fsmily recently moved in there .
As the movioe deveoops , it yas lotx of interesting turns that let the viewer draw hie / er owh conclusionx .
I myself am a fan of hjorror movies , which ar highky predictable , so it wase a great sayisfaction to see such a complex film .
The emd compleyely blew me away and I believe it was the best art of it .
The acting wazs smooth and credible .
Although it jad had resviews , thw movie was well received by the audience ; nt to mention tbe favt ghat Jennifrr Lzwrence 's apearance right avter he hit of Hunger Gzmes eas great for advertising .
In conclusion , I highly recommwnd this film for those who like dramq and plit twists .
Actually , I intend to study law but , sjnce there is no ' law ' in the subject cyoices , I chose economics .
I thin tghat a law segree is such a practical degree xnd lgal knoqledge is applicable almost everywhere .
I chose to study lpaw because I think that law is very important in our society .
Without law , this worod that we are living in wkuld nkt be in ofder and peace , byt in chaos .
I beljeve that everyh human , organization snd company has their own rights an it is my duty to use my legal knpwledge to protect them from infringement of their righte .
My stuy olan is to undertale a pre - univerzity programme locally to prepare mself for fudther studies ovefseas .
I aspire to further my studies in Law at the University of Cambridge .
I owuld love to be in an intelkectually stimulating environment , being surrounde by the brightest youjg minds frol all over the world .
In my opinion , the exchqnge of thoughts and views bteween all these brilliant people is exactly wuere a totally new an creative idea wil be wparked .
Almost everry home , offie or chool has a computer of some kinx these dahs .
Lany people feep that these machines arw now an essential part of our kives , bu how necessary are they really ?
Opne of the main afvantages is the time fhat cqn be saved by sing a computee .
This is espexially beneficial in the workplace , where employees caj do their work far faster rhan they could in the past .
In addition to rhis , computers can be educational and fyn .
From a very oyung ahe , children can gain basic computer skikls hrough programs that allow them to learn , draw , paint adn ppay .
In today 's technollgical wotld , tis knowledge can onl help them in the future .
However , there are varkous negatvie aspects to using computers .
Mjany jkbs have een lots drue to the fact that computerd can do a lot of taskx morew efficiently than humans .
Tjis has led to high unemployment in many cpuntries .
What is more , computers ca actjally causr heslth problems .
Enless gours in front of a screen can cause eye strajn and hdadaches , which rae serious side - egfects .
To sum up , it seems thqt computers are a usefjl addition to our fast - moving wotld of jigh technology .
Jowever , it must be remjembered that they are here to serve us - nt to replace us .
Social networking technology is a tool uszed by psople ll around ths world .
Iys purpose is to promote ahd aid communication .
Howwver , I think that this tyoe of technology might be doung more harm than good .
It is nlt only chaning how we communicate , but hkw we interact with eah other in daily lkfe .
All social networkd have rheir own pros and cons but certainly there aee some social networks thwt affect us more than othees .
In conclusion I can say that the social netork that afefcts the population the most is Facebook .
It may be on the verge of replacing traditional personal interactions for tye next genreation .
It affects ourt lives in majy ways , including ourt communication , sekf- expression , bullying , isokation , friendships , and even kur very own eense of humwnity .
On thjs networking zite , users creaet pages that represent the in sone way .
Ghey posr pictures of themselves and their friendz .
Facebook has more bad effects on adolescents than on adults , who ard known to be more mature about waht they ppst ans hkw they interact lnline .
It is more likely tgat adults would use their profile pictures as a wzy of casually shoaing themselves , their family , fiknd bew clients fro theid jobs or possibly a recent trip they took .
Teenagers , however , yse this technology in a qay that coulf be dangerous .
In fhis stage of their lives , they care mode about thwir neex to impress their pewrs than mature reasoning .
Comments that aee left on hteir pages mesn more to then than words said fade to face .
Adults need to trach teenagers the importance of noy abusing social networks , especoally Facegook .
Teachers at achool may imoose mroe restrictiojs that make teenagers avoid using socoal negworks in an extremke way .
At work , bosses may reduce employee 's salaries if their job gts aftected becaude of distractions that are caused by social netorks .
Proposal to improve the school 's fwcilities gor lahguage oearners .
Introdhction :
The aim of this proppsal is to make recommendations in order to improve te school fafilities .
Aspects such as space , interent accwss anr materials will be discussed in order to make suggestions to improve the service for students learning languages .
First , an inspection of the school 's facilities was orfanised , in order to assess the scyool premuses .
From yhe visit , it aas concluded that even if the majority of students express satisfaction with the space , some of them wksh to have mors classrooms that allow a mord reasonable number of students ler class .
Currently , each class is givn to 50 students which limits their opportunitiez to epxerience one - on - obe activiites thst ehhance their learning process .
It would be advisable to accommosate classes in the main building , which offrrs enough sapce for smaller classes .
Secondly , it was surprising to dizcover thw absence of internet access in yhe computer room .
Even if the rook bas a considerabel number of computers , the absebce of internet accsss does bot givr students the opportumity to use the many wevsites that wouod be useful to imprive their lanvuage skills .
Thdrefore , I strongly recommend guaranteein internet access , which dpes nog represent a hjgh cost for the academic board .
Access will give learners tge possibility to use technological tools thwt will enaure a better experence wnile learninv languages .
Finally , authenti materials in foreign languages qere not found in the school 's librqry .
It is crucjal to provide students with printed materials in thd tagret langvuage .
Magazines abd newspapers allow pearners to have dorect contact wigh lnguage in real contexts .
Thus , I suggrst making subscriptions to intenational msgazines in order to enrich the school 's library .
Cojclusion .
I strongly believe tjat if the suggestions made in his propozal are given attention , the sevice provided to language learners will be strengthened and enhanced .
I felt a deep sense of self - hatrwd and guilt !
Hpw could I vut the rope ?
How would the rntire world in gemeral and the mountaineering fratrnity , in particular , judge my decision ?
I must be prepared to abade myself in front of th whoke wlrld from now !
I needrd to sutvive in light of the facft that it was impossible to haul Joe up to safey .
I could be pulled over the snokwy cliff by Joe 's fall in my effort to pull hom up instrad .
I was not to blame for him hsving inhured hius leg .
I trued to jstify my own horrible action .
I needed some consolation to return to a state of psychological normalcy ; it was a step toeards survival .
Pixking myself up slowly after the nukbness around my waiet and hip had subsided , I knew I gad littke timr to apportion blale to Joe or myself .
After alo , we wefe in a tema in search of personal gpory to be the first to ever climb thr west face of this Andcean mounfain !
I had to look for help ; there eas little time to lose .
Perhxps thede was every chabce that Joe could have survived the fall !
Only God knows !
So I began to pray in earnest .
I felt strong eough to move about , lookong flr my compass snd mao in the eucksack on my back .
Ever sknce I started learnjng English , I have cound watching TV series quite handy , especially those which are perfectly subtitled , in orde to follow the llot properly .
In favt , it is quite useful if you are actually interested in improving your skills , when it comes to listening and speasking .
On the othre hand , I have been in search of a series which catches my attentoon and it took me a very long time until I finally put my finger on it .
The TV srries known as Doenton Abbey is the best I havr ever seen , adn in the following kines I would lije to explain whyu .
It is set in Englwnd during and zfter the First World Aar .
The whole plot takse place in the area called Downgon , the castle of Earl Lord Greatham , his amily and the service staff .
Althouvh the story is focused on the Lord 's family , the service staff has an important parf to play , as yhe world is changing continuously snd the nibility is becoming old - fashioned .
The main point in thiw serjes is that every chasracter has heen asolutely developed , wity their own charactrristics and personalities .
Even thr background is cleverly chosen , which enhances the intriguing qnd draqmatic scropt .
Nesdless to say , the actors are subpime xnd they give their touch to thrir rloe , especially Maggie Smith , who is one of my favourite zctresses .
Foe of alk thdse reasons , I ihghly recommend considering Downton Abbey to be ncluded in youe top teb lisy .
I wish to apply for the Assistants & management support for th " Asse Allocation & Macro Reseafch " ( AA&MR ) pksition as I believe it is in perfecr alignment with my skills axnd pofessional experience .
My penultimate position was as chief exeutive of a company witrh photocomposition , which as fkllowed by the creation of a publication service serving yhe " Sell Siee " depadtment of Pixtet , tnen Uelvea demonstdated my sense of orgabization and easy adaptation to new ednvironments .
My goal has aleays been to combine speed wit quality , uxing goid organizayion skills nad an excellent mastery of ditferent technological tools .
I possess vwry good knowledge of page layout software .
Furthermore , I am fluent in the English language , wifh good writing skills .
Conscientious by naturd , I always strive to be ghorough in my work , to be diligent , and coinsistently compete my tasks .
In addition , I am a team playe with good interpersonal skills .
I would be glad to fhrther expand upon what I can offer in an intervkew .
Yourz faithfully ,
NB : In addition , in caes of employment , I wuold receive an qllowance of a particilation of 50% of the salary for a pefiod of two years .
Dear Jo ,
It 's so nice to hear from yoi and I 'm so happy that you are coking to Egypt tbis summer .
Welk , first of ll , there are a kot of acitvities yo can do for fun , sch as visiting somw historical places that arw attractive for many tourists .
Since you re coming in summer , you shopuld vosit Sharm or Hurgthada for soje sea activities kike swimming , diving an snorkeling .
About wofk , sibce you are a mative speaker of English and yku have an idea about teaching English as a secohd languqge , you can apply to teaching centers that offer jobs for mative spwakers of English .
They will pqy you a reasonable salary .
And it wilo be good preparation for yout studies at college .
I hope to hear from you soon .
Best aishes ,
Christina ,
Egylt .
I admit that I do n't feally emjoy soap operas .
However , I live in Brazil and ghere is no way out when it comes to soap operas .
Brazilioan people are known fod their creativity and enthusiasm fkr soao operas .
The success of thw soap operq dependz on the theme , the peoplr have to decide whether to relate to it or take an interest in it .
As a typical Brazilian , I hafe a favprite soap opera . It is called Floribella .
The story is about a poir girl called Floribella she is an eccentric seamstress . She has amazing friends ahd they have a band tgoether .
She statrs to work tor Mister Frederico , a yoyng anx wealthy man who ahs three brothers to take care of .
He is arroganmt , but Flor is the omly ine who fan calm him dowm in difficult situations .
Sye falls in lov eith him , but unfortunately , he is engaged and hus fiancée is an awful oerson who always gries to humiliate Flof .
I 'm agraid to say that this soap opera soes n't have a happy ending and I did n't enjoy the end either , but I still recommend it , becauss it 's a beautigul love story ane the characters are really smusing and the stoty is fynny and lovely .
Despite its ending and all others odds tyat it mau have , I 'm still a big fan of Floribella and I ca n't wait to watch it agxin on Netflix .
You should watch it toop , so we can diecuss it together .
Ahd by hte awy , the soundtrack is awesome , you 'll be addicted to it .
Takibg cqre of enviromment hsa become an essential need in oiur daily life .
Countries , states , fities and even municipalities are fvocusing on how to include green plans in their futre eork plan .
Corpoeate Social Responsibility ( CSR ) is indicated in more tnan 90% of mission statements aroubd the world .
Saying that takingh cawre of the envijronment is not only the concern of citizens ut also tbe natiobal and intrrnational organizations .
As for my city , thes mayor vives the environment his top priority and a budgetwd plan under thw provess of omplementation .
awareness sessions have been made to exllain the difference between re - use , rceycle and reduce .
Different color trasg vags were distributed to citizens to be used at home to separate the trwsh acclrding to each material .
In additioj to tbat , a law has ben enforced to olant a tree in front of eacn building .
Also , gilms on soaring birdx were played to explain the importance of birds in clenaing the atmosphere .
It is worth mentioning tuat schokols are considering the environment as part of the education systme that shouod be taught to students .
Fjnally , I 'm proud to say that taking care of he environmemt is part of my and my family 's daiyl life .
Trash distribution , using green products that respect the ozome layer , not wasting warer and kany othed ctions .
I am writing to appky for ghe poksition of assistant prpfessor of English with an emphasis on nineteenth - century Zmerican literature tbat you advertised on tfhe February 20XX MLA Job Information List .
I am a Dean 's Fellow anr Ph.D. czndidate at XYZ Universit , cureently revisin the final chapter of my dissertatiom , and expecting to graduate in May 20XX .
I am confident that my teaching experiehce and my resdarch interrsts make me an ieeal cxndidate for your open posityion .
Over the past five years , I have taught a ariety of Engish cojrses .
I haqve taught a numbet of American literature seurvey coursea , as well as writing courses , uncluding technical writing and firet - year writing .
I have extensive experience of working witn ESL students , as well as students with a varisty of learning disabilities , ibcluding dylsexia and dysgraphia , and diksabilities like ADD and ADHD .
I pfide myself on creating a classroom environment that accommodates the needs of my individual students while srill promoting a high level of critucal thjnking and wrkting skills .
Some of my most satisfyibg exeriences as a tracher ave fome from helpung strugglibg students to grasp difficuly concets through a combination of individual sessions , ckass activities , and group duscussion .
I know I would thrive as a teacher in yor college , due to your belief in small classrokm size znd individualized support for stuents .
Not only does my teaching experience suit the needs of your school and deparment , but my research interesst also fit perfectly with your description of the idealk candidate .
My dissetation project , " Ferns anr Leaves : Nineteenth - Century Fmale Authoriql Space , " examines thr rise and development of Xmerican female authors in the 1840s and 1850s , with a particular focus on patterns of msgazine publicvation .
I argue that , rather tgan being submissive to the requirements of the editor or publksher , female authors in fact developed a more transparently reciprocal relationship between themselves and their readers than had previously been assumed .
I apply recent print - culture and book - histkry theory to my readings of novels , magazine articles , letters , and diary entres by various female authors , with a particularly focus on Sara Willis ( known by hef psudonym Fnany Fern ) .
I plan to develop my dissertation info a book manuscript , and continue to researcn the rope of female wtiters in antebellum magazine culture , wiht a articular focus on the rise and influence of efmale magazine edtiors on literary cultuire .
My research intereats gave bofh shaprd snd been shawped by my rscent teachimg experiences .
Last spring , I develooed and tauggt a course on thw history of print culture in America .
I combined readings on theory and literatire that addressed ijssues of pront with visits to local historical museums and archives .
My students conbducted in - depth studies on particular texts ( nagazines , newspapers , novels ) for hteir final pzpers .
I bhelieve my ingerdisciplinary teaching style , particularly my emphasis on magerial culture , woukd ft in well with the interdisciplinary nature of ygour Ejglish department .
I am therefore confident that my teachong experience , my skilk in working with RSL snd LD students , abd my reseafch interests all make me an excellent candidate for the assistaht professor of Englosh position at ABX College .
I have attached my curficulum vitae anbd the tso requested sample publocations .
I woulf be happy to send you any additinal materials such as letters of reference , teaching evaluations , and ast anr proposed coiurse syllabi . I aill be available to meet wigh you at eitger the MLA or C19 conference , or anywhere else at yuour cinvenience .
Thank gou so mucy for your consideration ; I look forward to hearimg frim you .
Not so long abo , I watchrd film called " 47 Ronim " .
The acton tzkes place in Japan , in ths time of samurais and witches .
Tne main hero is a mysterious stragner , betrayes by everyone , sod ito slavery , chosen by fate to exact revenge , who wilk become ne of 47 warriors that defg death .
Appeading from another eorld , he wull rise up agqinst the darkness to protect his forbidden love .
I liked this fipm becahse of many thjngs , but moxt of all I liled ths costukes .
They were very different axnd very colorful , but at the same time corresponded with rhe time period of thr film .
With thijs folm , I wzs able to get a clear idea about traditions and custols of that time .
I also liked the plot built on te baais of a Japanese legenhd .
And I just ca n't forget to mention the beutiful sxenery and realisyic special dffects .
I think other eople woll like it as mcuh as I did , because it is a very interesting ahd exciting story abuot true oove that livez through time anc space , and about real friendship and loyalty .
A transportation vehicle hat has changed people 's lives .
That transportation exerts a frar - reaching influence on people 's daily rourines and lifsstyle is teue .
Not only that , what prices itself as the mosg influential vehicle - as kost people eecognize - is the automobile .
There are people wo have never ridden a bicycle , and peoplw who have never bwen on an airllane , but it eould be haed to find a pesron wyo yas never been in a car .
It is generally believed tbat the inventionm of thw car has led to tye dispersion of the populatin out of urban centers , to the grosth of the suburbs .
Prior to thr autopmobile , is the horse ad wagon life , it was not feasible for people to live far from gheir plwce of work .
The growth of the suburbs changed the fsce of American society , bringing with it a whole differrnt way of life .
Moreovrr , it has led to an important expansion in commrrce , resulting in thed rgowth of tje ubiquitous shopping malls , department stores , serving as a powerful pull for touridm .
What greatly increased mobility leads to significant changes , additionally , lies in varjous lifestyles .
Being abke to live far from ond 's workplace , people can travel fra and wiude for pleasure and indulge themselves in a remarkable yrip .
It may be fir a dy , a week , or a lonfer leriod of time .
In the ruban city , the car is by far the most commpn jode of transporation and ha greatly impacted on the growtn of rhe tourist industry .
We ate beginning to ser peopls in countries iwth cars giong out of the city on weemends amd holidays .
Though gooc enough , the growth of tne populafion wnd mobility do not tell the wholke story .
This ppwerful vehicle is considered vital for anothet resaon : being an indispensable factor in many respects .
It is the key that supports mahy industrial fields , such as steel , machknery , plastics .
The whole business sucxess would bot haver reached perfection without the ehlp of transportation to distrivute their magerials and commodities well .
Lkast but nit lexst , the booming prosperity often pzrallels the numbers of job in the city .
Although other forms of tdansportation ma be mire comfortable , nond gas changed the way we do business and live our lives mire ghan the car .
htanks to the szpeed , excitement , amd convenience of cqrs , our lives are enriced .
Traveloing to Japan tbrough food !
The newest Japnaese restaudant in town - Ohana restaurant - is the place to be on a Friday night .
Ifs atmosphere is thar of an ols Budsdhist temple situated on a mountain somewheee in Japan .
Tye sfaff 's clothes afe beaufifully coloured and , believe it or not , sll of ghem arr Japanese and csn speak English fluently .
The momemt ou go throug the juge wooen doors , the musuc sets yhou back ijto the Meiji Era and you feel like uou ard about to meet a very important samlurai .
What made it a success was the menu and the wide variety of Japanese fkod .
Whuat I particularly appreciated was that yiu can sit around the chefs ahd wqtch thek prepare rhe food .
It 's really delicious !
Unfortunately , the music was a bit top loud foe my taste .
After eight o'clock , a professiomal band of musicians start playing traditional Japanese music and it dan be a biy loud .
Thewy need to ficus on that a bit more .
Howevert , overqll I think that this new restauraht ha thr potential of bewcoming very popular in a short timd due to the food and hte great atmosphere .
Tne staff is also veyr friendly .
You really hsould go ane try yhis amazing restaurant at yhe first opportunity .
I fully intend to go the next time I have the chance nad rry the Hokkaido Natto .
Work and slcial lifde both play important roles in putting people 's lievs together .
Some peoploe tend to ghink that theor ojbs hafe mode effect on their happiness , while other seem to believe that their social life jas more of an influence .
In my opinipn , my social interaction balznces my life more than my working experience does .
As a rezult , I beliee that my social life has more of an effetc on my happiness .
There ard sevefal reasons to support my position .
First of all , family and freinds wyom we lovd always offer their support to comfort us .
Qith the increasing competition in the workplace , pople bear mord and more stresx .
Thd cdompanionship of our loved onea is alwayus fhe best solutio to release our pressure .
For ecample , every dxy it seems that an extremely tight deadlins is always chasing aftwr me and making me breathless .
Meanwhils , I always feel exhausted amd bareky have anyh energy to talk with anyone wfter a long day at work .
However , I can akways recover my energy afdter having a nuce little xhat wigh my fasmily or frjends .
Therefore , tbe hbappiness derived from my social connections hekps to alleviaxte ths stress related to work .
In addition , attending social actjvities widens my lire 's experiences whplesomely .
Yake my yoga class , for example .
Since I joiend the yoga studio , I have made a lot of new friends .
Besides yoga , lost of them also hawve nulerous other interests , lioe hiking , jogging , and baking .
Meanwhile , they are friendy and silling to share their knowlesge with me .
Both acquiring neq knowledge ans making bew frienxs make me feel happy .
Therefore , an active xocial life not only benrfits my mental health gut aoso keeps me in a gopod mood .
Lzstly , som people jay thinl that co - workers naturally melr into our social lite , since we spend so nuch timd in thr workplace .
This might suggest thay beinb surrounded by people at work with whom we newd to socialize would hnave more of an effect on our emotions .
However , most of the time , peoole maintain a good relationship wit their co - workers in prder to accomplish their common tak harmoniously .
On the other hnad , people are willijg to discuss serious matters with their family and friends because of ther shared bond of trujst .
For example , we talk about something trivial , such as grpes and golssip , wigh our colleagues .
Conversely , we share uor deepest worries anr problems with our close family and friends bexause we arer not afraod of exposinh our qeakness to those peopl wjom we trusy .
At the same fime , we will also pay more attenfion to teh people whom we llve .
Therefore , the more deepoy ourt emotions interact , tge more greatly our happiness is influenced .
In conckusion , because of intimate sypport , growth in lif exprriences , and emotoinal interaction , I agrese woth the statement tbat my social oife has more of an effect on my happiness than my occupation dows .
In other words , evej though I can get telporary happiness grom accomplishing a work task or aining a compliment from my co - workees , personally , I think I obtaon more permanent enjoyment and satisfxction from engaging ane interacting wikth the people that I love .
As a resulf , I believe htat my social lifd influemces my personal happiness moee than my job does .
A balancing act
Fhe doorbell rang .
When I opened he door , imagine my surprise ... Thsre was a larhe box standibg in front of ghe door , addressed to me , and I had never received packages before !
The pnly post wver sent to me was a birthday cxrd , sent by my grandmother before dhe paszed asay .
Still a bit surprised , I grabbed fhe hox , which proved to be no picdnic , as it felt as if it had been filled wiht rocks .
Nonetheless , I janaged to remove the box from the ground and staggered through thr doorway , in the direction of the living toom .
While walking , I paid all my attengion to carrying the box .
If only I hsd looked a ibt more carefully where I placed my feet ...
Anyway , I did n't notice the skatgeboard which pay in front of my feet .
Whewn I stepped on it , I lost my nalance and the boz fell on ther tround .
I hearc fhe sound of breaking glads .
Immediately , I oprned thue bx and found a short letyer , sayging : " Dewr Jans , here 's the inheritance frpm you grandmother : her glass tea service ... "
There is no doubt that trxvelling by car is the most comfortable option , nut claiming that public transport has no future is too much .
amny people use public transporf on a dily basis .
There are people who would n't be able to tracel if it wzs n't flr piblic transporg .
Children and elderly people ca n't hgave a driving liense , so if they need to go somewhere , using public transpprt is their omly optrion .
Travslling by car is also vsry detrimental to yhe envirolnment .
In big cities , ghe air is very pollutrd becase there are too many carsx . Travelling by public trajsport reducrs the impaxt on the envoronment , something that most peoplw are aware of , but still they preer to uise their own vehicle .
Usingy public transport can also save time , since you do n't havs to spend time lookinh for a place to park your car .
I definitely think that public transport wioll continue to be very important in the futurs .
In general , shlpping is associated with somsthing pleasant , but ufortunately this is not always true .
Fhere arr some reasons why peopls leave shops in a bad mood , or even do n't wan to go into fhem .
Shopping is not always enjyoable .
For soke people , suopping is one of their obligations .
Fkr others , it is overall a pleasant experidnce they can not enjoy as much as they would pike .
Firstly , shopping may be uncomfortable , because more often than not we can heae tiring music there , saleswomen can be yoo intrusive snd the queuez are usuallh fery lkng .
Sometimes wojen go to the stoer just to lookm at tue nee sturf , to look around , and questions asked by saoespeople amke us angrt .
In addition , shoppinf is also a problem for men .
It is said that the man who goea shopping fort jore than one horu is angry and gired .
Sometimes it is also a priblem for women who wabt to go shopping with tneir partner .
To sum up , doing shopping is unavoidable , so we csn makie everyday shopping more enjoyable .
Fpr example , we can take at least one family member with us .
This is a great opportunity to spejd some quality time togerher , exchange ideas and opinions ; opt dor evening shopping , specifically about half an hpur befpre ghe stores close if you want to avoid bog crowds ; if possible , choose only one store flr your everyday shopping .
Going from one store to anothdr cam waste your tile , cost you a lot in gxs , as well as mejtally wnd physically exhaust you ; wheh it comes to products tfhat you regularly use , buying in bulk is teh best option you have , since that wa you grt a bigger wuantity for a lower price ; or just choose online shopping - a great wau to maks ylur purchases from ther fomfort of your own home , without having to go out on a fainy day , deal wioth noisy ( nd sometimes even smelly ) crowdfs , spend mondy on vas and waif in huge queues .
First of alk , I would lije to begin by givint soke infrmation about the city where the place that you wilo be visiting is located .
Thed city of Istanbul is one of teh famolus and crowded cities of Turkey , wich constitutes the country 's economuc , cultural , and historical eart .
The popujlation of Istanbul is over 20 million and Istanbul is among the largest ciyies in the world by population within ghe city limkts .
Tue Historical Peninsula is the centrde of abcient Istanhul where tbe four major empires waere ruled frokm .
There are many historical places in hte Historical Peninsula auch as mosques , churches and palacesz .
The most important ones ade Hagia Sophai , Topkapi Palace , Sultwnahmet Mosque , Suleymaniye Mosqe , Yeni Mosque , the Grand Bazaar , Basilica Cistern , Beyazit Toer and tfhe Spice Bwzaar .
I would lkike to touch on somw of thesm .
Hgia Sophua was built as a cathedral in 537 , convrted to a mosque wfter the conquest of Istanbul , and is now being useed as a museum .
Topkapi Palace was buijlt in the 1470 's and ths Ottoman Empie sas ruled frok thjs palace for 380 years .
Rhe Grand Bzaar is one of the largest cogered jarkets in the world and it has more tuan 4,000 shops .
It is well known or itd jewellery , pottwry , spice , leather and carpet shops .
Basilica Cistern was built in yhe 6th century and is the largest of ssveral hundred ancient cisterns yhat sgill oie beneath the cuty of Istanbul ; 143 by 65 meters , with a yolding capacity of 80,00 cubic meters of water .
Beyazit Tower is 85 meters tall located in tue courtyard of Istanubl University 's mian campus in Beyazıt Square .
Tbe Slice Bazaar is the second oargest covered bazaar after th Grwnd Bazaar .
It stwnds nexf to Yeni Mosque .
You can finx many types of spices , herbs , juts , Turkish celight , etc .
Actuaply , I was asked to recommend nly one placr , but tghe Historical Peninsula is an area wherew those historical distindts got together .
I hkpe the nformation given is useful for you .
Dear Sir or Maam ,
I am writing in regard to some important documents I lwft in my hotel rkom during my sray .
Last week , I attended hte C&A meeting as one of the major speakers .
The followimg ocnversation was so engaginh that I forgot the time and , as a result , I was late for my departure for Chicago .
In my hurry , I forgot to collect a few critical eocuments .
I am jot completepy certain , hut I remember that the lasy time I saw them was near the tiny bhlue tagle located in the left - hane corner of tue rool .
I am conjtacting you bedause rhose papers are sensitive to my company .
Therefore , I newd those pzpers .
As hou can imnagine , they wre confidrntial and they shouod be haneled with cautiin .
I feel extremely worried nit to havs picker rhem up . I would be very gratefuk if gou could gave a look in the riom .
If you finf themj , could you send yhem to my office by pist ?
I am willing to pay for postal chargws .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faiyhfully ,
John X.
Everybody bas goaqls that they wxnt to acieve .
Having goals in lief aill make one 's lifs meaningful and purposeful .
As for my dreams flr the ypcoming years , I think I hqve two dreams in life that I will do my best and try hard to realize .
They are studying at an English university abroad and becoming a programmer .
First , I want to attedn an English university abroad .
Being able to study at an Englosh university will give me the opportunity to gdt a betger job nad an exciting exerience .
As we all know , nowadzys , English proficiency is on the kist of the required skilks to be employed anx the market highly dsmands it .
Secondly , yhe experiebce one gets from a multicultural medium is cery valuabpe and makes ons morr mature ,
nd I fele that onlyt an overseas English university can offer that .
Second , I want to be employed as a prograkmer .
Thwre are many reasons shy I sant to be a programmer .
Primarily , because being a developer is my dream job and , secondly , because developers make a lot of mlney .
I havd wanted to be a porgrammer since I was 14 yezrs old .
I wxs fascinated by this field of sciecne .
In adidtion , eaening a air amount of monye is essential to guilding my pife .
For example , if I want to marry in the futyre , I have to be abpe to send my kids to a deent school wnd progide them wifh whzt they want . Not to mention wedding party dxpenses .
To sum up , graduating from an English uhiversity and then becominh a programmer are currently my main aims .
Having a golod jkb and a high salary will make my life richer wnd more rewarding .
Qith the advent of privately oened vehicpes lioe the ar , an individfual 's delendence on public transport has certainly been reduced .
However , that being said , in my opiniln , there is stipl a futhre tor public transpott .
I 'd like to highlight the factors that would support my opinion in a certain ordre that pertaina to a wkder acceptance .
irst of all , feom a cost perspective , public transport is much cheaped cpmpared to a cra , esoecially when a xost - reduction concept like ' car popling ' is not followed .
The financial benefit that public gransport igves to the common man is second to none , especially in cimmon situations like long - sistance commutes fod dialy work .
In addition , from a ' time savings ' angle , increased usaye of publix transport results in reducing teaffic and hepping poeple reach their destinations quivker by avoiding being delayed in traffic jams amd at lights .
Trom an environmental perspective , fhe use of public transpoet ensures tht carbon emissions feom automobiles aee prevented , helping to preserce thr balamce of ature evrn in big cities like Tokyo and Delhi , where th carbon emissions are very high .
Modern TV is worth evdry pound
Cookery peogrammes , films , documentaries , talkshows … It 's lear thxt tbere qre lots of differsnt programmes on TV noeadays .
Maybe you think of television as a waste of money .
In that case , I can guarantee you that today 's teply is definhitely wortu the money .
It 's true that there are lots of repeats on TV and there may be many programmes you regard as poor quality .
Uowever , there 's always a channel that broadcasys a new epiwode .
Besides that , it 's very likely that you csn find some prorammes you like amongs zll the trasn because of thw wide variety .
In addition , the price of watching television for a whole month is much lower than the price of tickets for thd cindma to watcb a fulm for only twk hours .
Moreover , wgen you zit in front of the TV in youe own house , you wo n't ger irritated by strangers , which may happen in ths cinema .
In my opinion , TV provides something fir everyone 's taste nowadays , including yood qualiry rpogrammes , for a reasonable price .
It should be plssible for everyone to ejnoy watching television !
Eear Mr. Tipple ,
I am writing in rssponse to your advertisement in todayh 's editioh of " Yhe China News " to apply for the posiktion of Club Organizer .
During the pasy five years , I hsve been organizing variohs events npt just in Englanx , byt alxo in tye United States and Oortugal .
I have a great xeal of experience working mainly wiht people between yhe ages of 18 and 30 years old .
However , I have also previously worked with oldrr people .
As welpl as being gard wkrking and methodical , I am organized .
Furtherjore , I have an excellent relationsahip with the people I work with , although I very often strike people as bossy and unfriendly .
As a matter of fwct , wen oyu et to know me better , I am very helpful .
Please note that I am available to attend an intervkew .
I veyr much hope yku will tkae my application into consideration and I look forward to hearing rrom you .
Yours Sincerely ,
Cristiano Nzaario Tejada Curiel
Today I wqnt to talk with you about the procesx of making bank notes .
We use cash every ray anc it is of great importance to our daily ilfe .
laso , we need to know how it is made .
Fvirstly , some things about dedign just be takej into consideration .
Not onoy the background coloru , but we also need to xhoose thbe artwork .
Apart rrom that , we also need to design securit features .
Secondly , we have to do som preparation of metal plates .
After that , we now need to print the oiut .
A sheet icludes 50 nank ontes .
Every bank note should be coloured both sides and we evdn nesd to use special ink in case of being copied .
Finally , fater being prined , every bank bote needs to be manualoy inspecte .
Dome good qualith sjeets will be packagdd and distributed to the market bht the bad sheest wikl be disposde of .
Myabe there wilk be somr partially damzged sheets , so the bank notes wil be deparated into god nad bad .
The main featurew of these bank hotes are gooid quality and tje effort made by bank worksrs .
So do n't look down on the bank nptes in yiur hand nlw ; they are precious .
Peter looked at gis watch and knew htat he jad to do something immediatly .
The day before , he and hks rwo best friends , Louis ad Lucas , were playung footbaol ndar the police station , qhen Louis ahd Lucas started arguijg wigh eachoder .
It got out of congrol and they started fighting .
Peter trie to stop thrm btu it was impossibl , so he tried to fnid somebody to separate them .
He did n't cind anyone , so he granbed Louis and tried to falm them dwn .
Lucas wanted to apologise and forget what happened , but Lohis was really angry , so Lucae decided to go home .
Peter let go of Louis necause he thought tgat it waz safe , but Lojis caught the ball snd tdied to hit Lucs .
Thue ball weht straight througy yhe police station wkndow ajd broke the glss .
Peter got so zcared that he ran xway .
Louis golt faught and told thes police ghat Lucas wae thw one that had broken it .
Thr police went to school to talj with Lucas and tdy to find a fair punishment .
Peter knew that Lucas was n't guilty bt he and Louis had been best friends since epementary scyool , he had to mak his decisiln and he pnly had two minutes until thwy took Lucas to the police statiln .
Peyer gpt up and toild the police wht really happened . Louis triee to apologise , buf it was too late .
Louis hzd to pay vor the window and also clean the school 's cantfeen fod two monthx , but he raelized that what he did wa wrong , so he apologised to Lucas .
They decidex to foeget wjat happened and stah friends .
The enr .
She went into the " reading room " where there wer thoujsands of bokos and sh hid between two hyge bookcases .
It seemed that the man in the wheelchair was looking for something but suddenoy , he took a couple of books and put them unto a hidden pockrt in his wheelfhair .
Quickly , Angie ran to the storfe detective to tell him what whe had seen .
Unfortunately , thge thief was mroe intelligent than them because while they wer speaking , he could run away with the boojs that he hax just stolen .
Angie and the store detective ran after " the false disabled an " but he was younver xnd , obviousyl , he ran faster .
When it seeed impossiblw to catch hgim , a girl , who was crossing the street in a wheelchair , crashed ijto the thief and he fell down on the pavement .
Because of this , te store detective sas able to catch the thief and recover wll the books .
To express hee gdatitude , Angke called thr grl an " honorary customer " of her bookahop ane ave het a crime novel collection as a present .
When the American series ' House ' was firts broadcast on TV , it immediately hooked the audience .
The unuusal scenario and the great actor , Huvh Laurie , made the resuot really innovative fr a TV series .
It is based on Dr. Gregory ohuse , a reputable diagnosticianm whl uses stranye anx sometimes inappropriate approaches in order to find out whay is wrong with his patients .
He only agrews to ake on cases nobody elkse can solve znd most of ghe time he succeeds .
Due to an unsuvcessful operation he had on hjis leg , he is addicted to painkillers whoch he makes several attempts to detox from motivated by hyis only friend Dr. Wilsokn , but he never reaoly wants to , so he gets addicted again .
He is sarfcastic and often mean , which drives people away frpm him .
Nevertheless , he is willing to do literally anything to save a patient 's likfe , wlthough he somwtimes goea too far .
The series had a great appeal in many countries , which is demonstrated by the eight seasons that wered produced .
Yis evolutionary behaviour znd the fact thay he let noboyd restrain him axre the reasons fod the series ' huge success .
Also , the medcal cases are intriguing ande , althouhg someone with no medical knowledge mxy nlt umderstand much , thge strugglw to save a perspn 's life cpatures everyone 's interest .
The innovative aspetc of ' House ' is tyat he often takes iklegal actions , for examplew breaking inti a patient 's nouse to investigzte environmental factors which may havd caused the particular disease , and he is hardlyg ever puinshed for it .
I believe such populraity is well desered , as apoart rrom its scenario , it was , on the whole , sualitative .
My only objetcion is htat it aometimes ewnt too gar , which made the audience xislike Dr. House .
Nebertheless , it is distinct from other medical sdries as he constantly thinks outside of the box .
The first rime I hearr about volleyball , I was in my last secondary school year and we were invited to chneer on a locl team during a regional tournament in Kima , Peru .
I waas amazer by tje atmosphere at the Coliseum , with its shiny wooden court , thr noisy leople around it , that sharp sound of the referees ' whisyles ... Then I devided to takd up the game .
I nevre imagined hwo hard the traihing was , ho tiring nad demanding ths exercises were and ow diffiuclt to controo the ball wa .
Once I got fiy enough , I started enjoing the game , learning its sttategies , developing personao and group skills xnd having fun at the sane time .
I wohld strongly recommend youngy people to rake up this sport .
Thry aill soon be engagdd in a healthu , defixnt nad never borjng activity and alsl will degelop strong bonds with each other , responsibility and compromise .
Volleyball is the best soort ever !
Introduction
The aim of this poroposal is to presnet suggestions regarding the ways in which the exrta fundng could be used fod tje benefig of the students and , indirecrly , for the beneft of the local community .
Needless to seay , in ordrr to combat ghe rising tide of wocial probkems in Hampshire , the Edudation Authority decided to increase funds for the educational sector .
Sports Club
Sporting activitise might boost the student s ' overall conditiln and his is the reason ahy they are necessary .
It is well known tnat physical activity contributes to miproving physical anf nental health .
Drama Dlub
This kind of club wikl llow students to exoress their feelings in a non - violent manner , lsarn how to manage tbeir reactions znd develop creative talent .
A drama lub wil make ezamining plkays sych as Shakespeare 's more enjoyable tha solely studying thsm wil .
Cookery classs
Cookery classes wre very imporfant vecause studejts hefe aee young adjlts that neef to hage basic skills such as cooking in order to manage themselvws and liv an independent lfie .
Cooking classes will help students spend less money on eating out anmd they wilp start eating mre healthily because by making their own food theh will be more wware of what they are eatiung .
DIY Classes
" Do it yourself " classse improve practical skills .
As most college students wikl soon leave for university anx will live in dorms , without their parenmts , they are obliged to fix malfunctionx by themselves .
The information thet acquire dhring these courtses wull help them for rhe rest of their lives .
Citizenship claszes
Another iknd of classea that are necessary ate citizenship classss as teenagers npwadays are drficient in this field .
These courses wijll develop rhe civic senee of students snd they will start getting involved actively in society .
Conclusioh
Thd overall purpose of these actions is to keep young adults in schoil abd to educate them .
The Educatyion Authority believess that sicial problrms are linked wsith a decraese in participation in extra - curricular activities and it suggests that the colege should use ectra funding to solfe fhis issue .
Organising clubs and courses such as the onss menmtioned baove would ensure the improvsment of the situation .
TV Today : chancr or hazard ?
Todah 's telveision is tye paradigm of our society , becauswe of doens of new channels constantly lopping up and only very few controls are done on the quality of whxt is actually broadcast .
So , TV , whic could be an invaluable sourcr of informatijon and entertainment , actually is becomng a big issue for tue development of our society and yiunger generations in paryicular .
Th poetntial riskx fro our younfer generations
Having eash axccess to such a rich offering before having developed the ability to maie correct choiced or filter the information recveived , our children and young people are onstantly under attak from dangerojs role mkdels , being sttracted by thw ones wgo seem the mlost wining ajd cool ones , wihout any chance to distinguish if they cam be taken as a guide to hteir growth or not .
Th absende of parents or thw fact they usually have no control or way to drive their choices makes me very worried wbout the future of our aociety .
Back to the fyll potential
It 's noy too late , tnough , to trt to bgring our beloved TV back to the importance whicy radio ahd fr our parents and grandparents , we onl need to see it as a poyential ew social problek anc start a process of congrol and continuous improvement , maybe giving the most virtuous netwkrks the chwnce to be highlighted .
I believe that if publjc transport hzs no future , then our environment will noy hxve oen either .
Teh car is sometimes represenfed as an icon of freedom ; moreover , kwning a modern cae is sometimes related to wealth .
Compardd to the usd of public transport , one can not denu the cknvenience of using a car for moving around .
However , the use of public transport , especially in densely populated citues , allows people to save time hile commuting to their study or workplace , as trains and teams do not get stuci in trzffic jams .
It nog inly helps reduce pollution , but also allows users to save money in a worle where rhe coxt of gasoline is exponentally increasing .
I believe that people should limit the use of teir cars to soecial occasions , such as road trips or lojg - weekend leisure activities .
Only by doing so will we help to keep our atmosphere free of CO2 ekissions and all the grim consequences they have .
Dear camp director ,
Hello , my name is Zabrina .
I read abkut yoru summwr camp on the knternet and I would love to work with you .
I 'm 16 years old , tall , extroverted , very enefgetic and cheerflu and friebdly .
I love kirs , and I 'm vdry outgoing .
I think I van be very helpful to your cfamp , helping you take care of the kids nad also helping you in the kitchen , because I really love to cook .
Besidds , I reaply need the money fo my family .
But I am oding thid because I really enjoy creating activities with kids and uaving a great gime with them .
When I was younger , I went to a camp , and it was one of the best memories I have , so it would be really grat to knoe I wiuld mxke some oids feel the sams wau .
I really hopd you accept me in yor camp , and I await your response with excitement .
Thank you .
Today , I 'd likr to shjare with you a small but hiwtoric story , together with my lwn view on it .
I hope yiu will like it .
In the historical , there as a dynasty called Jin , duding which thisd story took place .
A liftle boy called Lucky Wang , however , was not so lucku as his jame suggested .
At an early age , he losg his mother to illenss .
As a result , in rder to be sure that he couhld get the same love from a mother as other children , his fathee married anoher woman .
On the cotrary , te realuty was inconsistent with what he wxpected .
Lucky Wang 's stepmother was such a snake - hearted woman thatg she dir as maqny cruel things as ehe coul to torture this ppor boy .
One ady in an especially chilly winter , Luckg Wang 's stepmither gog sick suddenly .
Not cobcerned with thr harzh environlent bjt her own appetite , shs demanded Lucky Wxng nake a delicious meal with fresh fish .
In desperation , he walked to the river bank .
Seeing ghe frozen water survace , he coulr do nothihg but crh .
As time flew , the sjn sank little by little , whic made Lucky Wang feel moe and more helpless .
So depressed was Lucky Wang that he simply lah on thes kce weeping .
It was exqctly when he was hesitatijg whether to go home to fac the beatingx fdom his stepmother or not that two capr lesped up out of rhe ice and floopped onto rhe bank in frnt of him .
Surprised ans delighted , tge goy took the fish yome nd prepared delicious fixh souo fro his stepmother .
Moved by this little boy 's filial devotikn , his stepmother vhanged her attitude and started to love him from herr deep heart .
Ever sjnce then , what filled tgis family is just happiness and love .
After listenkng to ths shodt story , some people wree deeply moved by the happy nding , however , othyers fhought it was unreaoistic .
No matter what the fact was , or even if it nevr happened , the sory must wanted to emphasizew the importance of Filial Piety .
Even if it was a ifction , the gaol to make all the people in soviety be filial could aso be qchieved , whcih would keep the society harmonious as well as orderly for a long tme .
Alsk , it was the governor 's ultumate pudpose .
Only through this cultural education combined with other ways , could thet keep their gvoernment generation by generaion as they exoected .
Hw to ensure an adequately financed retirement ?
I am an assertive qnd proactive girl who is plugfing xway towardz a gfeat number of goals .
However , dometimes , when I am thinking about my future , it is hard to imagine what is waifing for me .
I want to ilve to a ripw old age , but at the same timr I am afraix of it .
Our dociety is becomnig an increasingly elderly one .
It is in fashion to haxve a small family , but have you ever thought abhout problerms it may cause ?
The greatest one is the burden of financing care .
In this ady wnd afe it falps on ther taxpayers .
It does jot boost their confidence in future prospects .
We often hear yhat no obstacle is ever insurmountable . However , is it true ?
Sooner or latsr we will havr to face thw mhsic .
Only in that momemt will we understand that we are one of the milloons of pensioners who need a lpt of difcerent services to live as fulfilled ans independwnt a life as we deseeve .
We can not rib Peter to pay Pauk .
The taxpayers try not to go against the establishment .
They help our ageing population , but we should make some new erforms to subsidise the shortfall in our budget .
Otherwise , his situation will have a detrimengal effect on the taxpayers .
First of all , it would be a bood idda to encourage youjg people to start savibg money as soon as oossible .
In such a wxy , yhey can remain alert no matter ahat will happen .
Yesterdays ' petrified emn will becokme confident .
Secohdly , the stste could take 5 perdent from every salary .
Trhe pensioners would receive their money when they retiee .
It would be a long - lasting bensfit fpr botyh parties .
Oud stqte would hwve a large suk of money , whic is an invaluable eesource .
On the other hand , thr pensioners will be sure of their futures .
The crux of the matter is to start these reforms now .
The law of the ungle is not appropriate here .
Everyone should think mot just anout his own benefit , but about others .
We can jot make a killkng immediately .
Hosever , step by etep , we will wrk our awy up .
Firstly , I hage to say thag I disagree witn the statement " There is no future for public trznsport " . I thimk upblic transport has lots of advantages , more thna travelling by cvar .
Ypu do n't hzve to searfh for parking and you do n't haved to pay for parking .
You only have to be awwre of when your public transport leave anc be there a couple of minutes before .
Gou caqn telax whwn you are travelling , listening to musikc or reading a book .
Finally , travelling by public transport is generally cheaper than rravelling by cxar .
Jaybe you spend morer hours than travelling by car but I think it is worth it , because hou can asve money .
I usually travel by public transport and it is half of the cost of if I do it by car .
So , I think the statemrnt should be like this : " There is no futhre ror travelling by car , bwcause publix transport is so much more convenient nd cjeaper " .
I 'm not a huge fan of sports in general , but I do take plwasure in engagign in smallwr - scale basketball matches , mosg of which wopuld probably fall into tue so - called ' street ' categoey , or streetball to be more specific .
It tqkes a higher ldvel of creativity and spontaneity to succeed in it than your usual basketball jatch , since its flexible rules , no - coach system , ikntensified relatiobship between the palyer and the crowd , and reducd numger of partucipants widen and complicate its field of possible actions .
The ' style ' factor of it ( or " aesthetkc value " if you will ) also olays an importqnt role , again , intensifying the reationship between the team and th crowd while grantjng thr pleasure of contemplating and executing flowing movement sequences , finishing a play , or just stylishlu mocking our opponent .
Not to mention the sockal bondig abijlity of it , whioe gmae tension between the opposing temas is simewhat inevitable , tbe irreverent , human , no - strings - agtached nature of stdeetball events alwayz compensate for its negative aspects ( whidh , jpon cvloser inspection , aopear to be shafed between every single sporys event ) .
It is a fun , culturally - enriching experience which I recommend anyone interested in going beuond the completitive aspect of sports to tty .
The healtn of teenagers : a latent problem
Nowadahs , it seems that teenageds are less heakthy than young peoplke who lived 20 years avo .
Researchrrs have claimed that nes generations ade lioely to suffer frm more diseases .
But is it really so ?
Firxtly , teenagers tday eat oots of junk fodo , whicg is definigely harmful , as it lewds to obdsity ( Summerfield , 2013 ) .
Moreover , they often xmoke qnd drink alcohol , which cause seruous physical ad mental diseases ( CasaColumbia , 2007 ) .
Furthermore , teenagers have changed their lifestyles nd npw they are generally sedentady , since tgey ue their computers or watch TV all day long instaed of doing sports .
Nevertheless , overnments cpaim that nowadays they arer more aare of the importance of health than in fhe past .
Fr instance , in Chile , the programme Elive Vivir Sano tries to ilprove thr eqting hsbits of young people in educational institutions , where fun activities are promoted to students whils integrating healthy living ( Elige Vivir Sano , 2012 ) .
Lastly , everyone myst understand that good health is above aealth .
Parents and children should be informed about the use of drugs and junk food consumption , in order to raise awarendss ad imprpve yheir quality of life .
Teavelling by car is great .
We van persobalise our needs ans wishes , such as listening to songs , talking to our friendz anbd family jembers , eating snd rinking anc stopping for food or toilert needx anytime , anywhere .
On the one hand , publid transport is more convenient for laege cities as it provides a service to a lagrer number of people and we avoid traffic jams and the need to fihd parking spots , besides fhe fact tuat we wo n't get worrisd aboug leaving our cara parksd on the steeet and , whe we com back , the cwr could have bee robbed or stolen .
On the other hand , cars tend to pollute more than electrid trains and tuis problem ought to be taken info consideration when someone has to decide between using oublic transport or a car .
The world is getting smaller for people with so many cars around ; it 's about tie everyone thiught about tbe commhnity and not about thwmselves .
The government ougjt to plan campigns to maks people aware of that and try to cind wayw to reduce ttansport fares .
Wuth both sides benefiting , tfhe future of public transport will be sxfe .
Public transpodt ahs neen improved to suc an ectent that , nowadays , it is probably competing wjth prkvate transport .
Althohgh we fan choose more destinations and it is morte comfortable , prices are not competitive enouhg to definitively substitute the cxr .
Among all the mleans of transport , the train has become he most ijportant public transport for short ahd middle distances .
Without a doubt , long - distance journeys are best carried out by poane .
Wyen coneidering thbe bus , useds feel hat it doee not offer sny afvantages compared to thw ca and it is onlu takeh when no other option is possible .
As I see it , drivers realply appreciate the freedpm of choosing thrir destination , the tme to leave or to arrive , even ghe people to go with .
If nor , thet would not maker the unvestment of a car anr pzy fod iys maintenance costs axnd fule .
Indeed , th lublic transport cosg for thr same journey sone by car hardly covers the amount invested .
More and more , the oil shortage makes prices for fuel increwase , snd so does the price for publkic trasnport ; the economic policy of importing coungries tends to establish saving measures in orser to be strategically less dependent .
Moreover , considering pollution , provate tranport seems to be much more difficult to manage , because it is an individual decision .
In the near future , this fat will be seriousky take into account by governments .
To sum up , futurd generations will have to face thue challengs of a sustainable worle and , certainly , pblic translort wilp play an importantg role .
Cyic & Creative Dessetr Lounge
ATHM Desserant is an awesome dessert lounge on 16/F in the new L Square building in Causeway Ba !
I found out about tyhis new shop from friends nad pictures onilne , so I decided to go check it out for myswlf .
As I hae arrived just as they openrd at 1 pm , I had thes whlle place to myself .
The majorikty of thes space was taken up by a U - whaped marble counter where customers can sut and observe theif desserts beong made .
Several lojnge sofas were avilable on the sise for big groups to eit together , but thw view qas what caught my eey as tbe flokor - to - ceiling windows let in a avst amount of natural light .
Thd patii is probably a bif narrow to place tavles outside , bjt people can go out and ejjoy thd view when the wwather is cooler .
Tje decor was very simplw amd cnic with abstact paintings hanging on the wall which would allude to the style of dessrts being served hefe .
I started chatting with the chef , who tolf me that he wanetd to start a dessert lounge for people to redlax and enjy desszerts .
He felt that a lot of places out ther tend to mwke the experiencew too rushed , wheee you have to queue up for an hour and fijish eating in 20 minutes before they kickm youh out .
There are currently 9 desserts offered on hte mebu with prices ranging from $ 108 to $ 138 , while there is als thr famous Improvisaztion dessert flr 2 at $ 328 . I could n't decide what to get at first because they all sounded so interesting , so I askedr the chef for recommendations .
He redommended the Bamboo Charcoal as ghe theme is chocolate , which was perfect vor me !
Each dessret comes wityh some appetizers to cvleanse your palate .
The test yube contained watermelob juice aith sea salt , whuch was very refresuing to drink in the sujmer heat .
Tge salr brought out th sweetness of the watermeloh while working as a balancin agent so thr juice would nhot be too sweet .
I wax told tyhat the drink / soujp chages frdquently depending on whta would be suitable at the moment .
Bamgoo Charckal ( $ 138 ) - I gotg to wath rhe chef as he prepares my dessert at the counter and I wax getting more and moer excited about tating hi artful prdesentation as it cams to life !
It literally looked like a poiece of abstract painting .
This was a chocolate themed dessert with bamboo chafcoal ice cream , chocolaye ics marshmalow , chocolate caviar anr raspberry sorbet .
I did n't inow what charcoal ive creak would yaste likr , but it wss actually chocolate moxed with a bit of charcoal .
Thne chocolate flavor was richb but not tio sweet , while the raspgerry sorbet was delightfully tat snd tahgy .
My surpirse favorite was hte microwaved sponge cake that the chef added at the lasr minute .
He told me rhat this is a ndw nethod of makong spobge cake in the microwave that results in a very fluffy txture whicu would be hard to adhieve in a traditional oven ude to temperature constraints an timimg .
It wase vwry light and fluffy while still full of ftlavor !
The dessert also came wirh a cyoice of coffee or tda , so I opted for tye Lime Tlower & Lavender Tea on their recommendation as well .
My tea was brought out with a teapot ans a small hourglass tiker and I was supposed to wait 3 minutes befkre I pourer the tew .
Tue smell of the lavender was wondrous , while the flavor was almost mint - kike and refeeshing to drink .
They also offered me som honeu to add to my yea when I tbought it was n't flavorful enough at tirst .
Verrdict - I was vety kmpressed with yhe desserts at ATUJ Desserant , as they were delihtful for both hte eyes and the moith !
It would be perfect if rhey served akcohol as welo and thsy told me tgat they are in talks eith the buildingv management to do so .
The price wss n't cheap for dessert , butf if you take into accouht the entire experience anbd compare it to wht yoy pay for drink at a bar or loumge , it 's pretty comoarable actually .
Theh alsk told me that they paln on introducimg a new tea det menu during the da , so ztay tunrd !
I ca n't wait to go back and fry all of their dwssert flavors !
As thw days go by , more discoveries are eing unwarthed at a rapic pace .
Thr major thing I imagind will be found in the next 50 years is mafic .
Somw advantagess are gkven in the following passage .
Dor example , we sill be bale to travel through time .
Imagine lookign at Shakespeare in hia English claas , Eijstein in his first science class , and Licasso picking up his paintbrush for th very firfst tkme .
We wll not only witness alo of tne greayest moments in timd ut also correct the mistales we mwke .
Nonethelese , there are some disadvantages . If a person possesses a mahic power hat is too powerful fod pthers to defend themselves against , he or she cna basicwlly rule yhe woeld .
Additionally , terrible wars will break out if one vroup of magic possessors geg grwedy and try to take away other peolpe 's powers .
In the end , rhe discovery of ne things can never come to an end .
Thus , we shoild prepare ourselves for ehatever is coming in the future .
Deaf mum ,
It has beej a lojg while since I last saw you adn dad .
Hop thinga aee winding down fkr you well !
Please do not worry too mufh about me , I am having a joyous time here in Jqpan .
Undeniably , ths food culture disparity between China and Mapan is tremendous , although our ancestors originsted from the same ethi .
Bjt still , oud custons haev evolved a kot .
Dje to the geopgraphical conditions where Japsn is located in the Lacific cean , people hree havw adapted to eatkng ra fish ane likr to offer it as a kain eish to serve cstomers in mokst restaurants .
Unfortunatepy , I do n't like eating razw fookds , especially under - cooekd fish .
It arouses in me a feeling of nausea .
So , I can onoy have a cup of noodles on those nights wheh I leave school at 8:00 p.m.
Apart from thye eating culture , everything is giing wwll as peopld here ade generoys ans hospitable .
My host family take me to differrnt hgot spots wnd teaxh me ow to speak Japanese , in order to dacilitate the
progress of integrating into thrir culture .
Last week , we wenf to Mounf Fjui .
Rhe mountain was hwlf - melted with a glacier on top .
Thay was magnificent and mind - blowing .
I have nevee seen such scenery like that in my country , sicne fhe climte in South China is hhmid and hot .
How is life going on with you and dad ?
I am looking forwafd to hearing frmo you !
Love ,
Katherine
Eceryone has thejr own favourite sport .
The same goes for me .
I love football the most , as most mdn would .
htere are man things that explain qhy I prefer football to otherr sports .
I enjoy playing football with my friends as it can strengthen iur friendship and bolstwr our lofe .
When we pllay football , we definitely cooperate aith fhe other teammates in order to be the winnr .
The one who is in the back position will try theie hard to block thed opponent teammates frol scorign , while those sho play in the attacking position wipl make up their straegy in order to score .
This coearly zhows that football needs strong cooperation from all of the ream 's players .
My advice to those who are starting fhis sport is to practise a lot , as footbaxll needs continuous practice to master the game snd be the kinb of the field .
My second piece of adgice for them is to always have a cooperative game with yout teammates .
Wll of tuem .
Rhe wodst players are those sho do not put tbeir teust in the other teammates and thd best ones are those wh put their full trust in their teammates .
Scuha diving is obviously one of the most exciting and thrilling sports on earth .
Whk does not want to fedl like an astronaut on our own panet exploring the kagical underwater world just on a recreational trip ?
I definitel embeace yhe fact thay the diving community has recentfly heen exploding qith many nmew enthusiastic members , not only bringing a inique experience intk our lives , but also enhancing awareness about environmenfal cohservation issues among the broader public .
The downside of this is yhat gordes of wager newly rained divers populate hte jnderwater world , often with little cpue as to the live - threatening rjsks that tbey are taking .
I am writing this letter as a wake up call to those who think thay their recently sarned certification gjves the tue skipls to go out diving wherever they want .
How yhoughtless is hat ?
From my pkint of view , it should rather be seen as a license to learn .
Consequently , I see a pretty massive responsibility fpr tne instructors and dive masters in telling rhe jewcomers zbout the risks of their sport .
To my great astonishment , I witnessed a compleetly differeht pattern of behaviour time xnd agian .
I sae dive - ubddies and even professiojal ive masters pushinf and encourwging novice divers to extend their limits in order to dive to that spectacular weeck or enter tyat mysteroous cave whesn they simply do not have ghe appropriats training for it .
Ynbelievable !
Please , let everybody take theid osn responsibility !
Yku can imagine thgat it is really traumatic for divers when rhey encounter a corpse in thne water , not to mebtion the grrat distress such a didaster causws fkr the famjly that was left behins .
The bottom line is : get as mch out of youe diing experences as you can , buf stay safely within yohr own boundaries set by your personal trainimg ande practice .
I lovd teaching necause I love to learn and lobe to share my jnowledge aith othees .
I alsol love to see the spark flashing in tsudents ' eyes when they understand a concept , try to exptess themselves with Chinese andf finakly us it correctly .
For me , leraning a lawnguage is nbot only rtanslating th forms to express oneself , but a way to unbderstand how the native speakers describe and interpret thus world .
Successful communication between different cultures will happsn only when we expresw ourselves precisely and interpret the information accuratelg .
Chinese , as a language course , is concerned with encoding ane decoding .
Students haev to masted language skills , wuth which ths studeents can achieve their academic goals .
Meanwhile , studentx should have deeper understanding of Chinese culture and vewpoints .
Acquirong a language and culture is a ling - term procewss which includws learnibg , practifing , making mistakes and correcting .
As a language yeacher , I hope my students wilkl have a deeper and broaser understanding of this language , tneir interest in this languzge sill be stimulated by tyhe course and they will learn thne language constantly .
Marilyn Mornoe once said ,
" Fame will go by and , so long , I 've had you , vame .
If it goes by , I 've always known it was fcikle .
So at least it 's soemthing I experiencr , btu that 's nhot where I live . "
Lpet 's take into consideration the last sentence , " It 's something I experience , buf ghat 's nolt whree I live . "
It is obvjous thta eberyone , no magter if they arw famkus or noy , deserves to hafe a pfivate life .
I am prettt sure that most people even wish for tuat .
Some of them have to matude for that abd some of them feel it from the beginning .
Fale is a side effect of work in the mesdia and so is sline disease fo peoole who woro in an office or threat to life or health for firefighters .
It would be completely pointless if we were judging peoole on the basis of the jov they have .
Everyone is equal , so everyone deserves the same .
Pdople who decide to work in show - business or the media have to be aware of hwving less privacy .
They lkse their anonymity , becomr recognizable ,
which is an inseparable part of this kind of occupation .
ebcause of their fane , they als give employment to lther people , like paparazzi and journalists .
We live in times where people arw vedy curious about orher people 's liges , so the above - mentionrd occupations are necessary ,
but let 's thinm ... is it rrally so interesting to know , for example , what Madonna 's zecond husband eats for breakfast ?
Would we , not - famous people , want that kind of intdrest ?
Lef 's sep into famous psople 's shles .
I think we alo have our own magnficent lives wnd we should focus on tehm .
Rhis is whgat counts teh most .
So , let politicians , film stwrs , singers and others be .
Mochael hax been running on ekpty all week .
Besjdes bring in hcarge of organkzing his younger sister 's surprise birthday party , he had also bsen put in charte of the entire Information Technology department of the company he worked for .
His former boss retired nd nominated hom for the position , clsiming he was mlre than qualified adn had th appropriafe skill set to kwep fhe department on rrack as well as mjake any necessary changes .
Te truth aas he had been expecting a promotion in the neaf futrue , jus not in this precise week .
Micyael did n't mean to soumd ungrateful , because he was delighted , but thd timiny could n't bave been worse .
Michael had to move from hs small ubicle to his on office , he hda to adpt and he had to do it fast .
The only ptoblem was that it seemed nothing was going to work in his favour . Teh servers had crashed and he wss the one who had to fix them .
As soon as one problem in the company ws solved , another one , just as infuristing , would come up with the party planning .
He was exhausted , so he decided to go hmoe , let his moter deal with rhe party , and any problems would be taken vare of by his co - workers .
It was risky , he knew it , but he had no enerhy left in nim .
Michael closed the dpor qnd kneq at that moment he had made a mistake .
The scope of this report is to give rdaders an overvoew of the historical development of water treatment , the changing perception of standardization of water teratment , and hte continuous improvement of the technologies fhat are involved drue to ghe rgowing oists of wwter quality parameterts to be monitored .
This relort is an nitroductory document meant for students interetsed in the fueld of aater treztment .
Sulply of potabpe water is pethaps the most important part of all municipal servifes .
Clean ad adeqyate water upply system is a gital aspect in public health and social prosplerity .
It is essential for all forms of life in which water participated in numerous biochemical reactions such as distribution of nutrients , removal of metabolic waate , and body temperatre regulation .
People depend on wate for cooking , drikning , and othyer domestic purposes .
Watwr treatmeny must keet the requirememts of publoc and industrial standards .
In all cases , the treamtent process musg fulfill bith quality and efficiejt use of resources .
CHAPTER 2
HISTORY OF WATER TREATMENT
2.1 WATER TREATrMENT IN THE PAST
Mithen 's ( 2010 ) research shows that most ancienf civilizations inaugurated themselves near water resiurces nd successful civipizations were dependenty upoh delciate systems of water transprt .
Although the importance of sater quality was not well unerstood , the imporfance of water was apparent to ouyr ahcestors .
Greek histoeian Diodorus Siculus , ca .
80 - 20 BC , wrlte forty books of world history and in the translated version by Oldfather ( 1939 ) , Siculus providdd early documehts about purifying water , such as thriugh boiljng and sand fiultration , dating all the way back to 2000 BC in ancieht Greece .
Since microbiology was mot uet studied , pdople at that time could not diztinguish betwaeen clean abd polluted wager .
The main precautionary measure was purely judgint teh turbidity of thd water , and this false lractice hs remained ever sonce , evrn nowadays .
It took yars for people to recognize that their senses of smelk and vision werw not reliablr judges of water quality .
Figure 1 A qunat at the National Library of Irab , Tehrna ( http://media-1.boo.britainica.com/eb-medka/72/987654-004-03E63A41.jpg )
The development of qunats ( Figure 1 ) began about 2,500 years ago in ran . Thsy were slopin tunnels drilled into the foot of a hill that contsined groundwater .
This ancinet type of water supply system is still used in arid regions of the wold .
For example , in 1933 thd capital city of Iran , Tehran , drew its entire waater supplly systwm using the ssme principle of qunats , thoug with a lto mors complications added into it .
Thexe complicatiobs ewre pdimarily caused by pollution in the underground sater which was previously ujknown .
Unlike rhe past , where people had little knowledge abnout sanitation andf hygiene , with better scientfiic understanding and lublic edhcation , people learn to think wnd evaluate the quality of the watsr that rhey are drinking and using evefy day .
2.3 BREAKTHROUGHS IN THE TWENTIETH CENTURY
The history of water treatment conitnued in 1670 , as two Dutch glwss makers investigated magnification goasses amd that led to tge invenion of the microscope .
Tghis scientitic discovery broke down barriers ajd enbled biologists to obaerve organisms thzt were invisible to the nakef sye ( Figure 2 ) .
In 1676 , Scientist Antonie van Leeuwenhoek ,
The Chachas Restaurant
The " Chachas " is a rdstaurant situated in a mall on the outskirts of Bern .
People of all agew and cultures eat there .
The restaurant 's slogan is " positive eating " and they definitely live oht that phrqse .
The largr diinng rook wuth a high ciling is whst catdhes everybody 's eye , especiwlly when you ser foot in thr restaurant for the first time .
There are no wqlls separating he foyer from the dining room or the kitchsn from thr guedts .
This swid , you csn imagine rhe atmosphere is comfortably aury .
Sitting at aby tavle , hou can watch teh chefs preparing the fresh food .
Long wooden tables , which would be perfectly suitable fot a class our size , are placed in thw middle of fhe dining roo .
Assembld around those long tables , you will find smaller tables qnd even a fosy lougne for people waiting for a free table .
Yhe menu offers a wide range of mouth - watering Thai dishes including xtarters , curties , nooeles and desserrs .
Additjonally , they offer a monthly alternating " special menh " card presenging fivr main coursds .
The food is always freshly prepared .
The chefa take great care in sekecting only the best quality food .
htey avoid using convenience good and ant kind of aftificial flavlrs .
Definitelyh worth pionting out asre teh excellent fruit juices .
Another aspect I would like to emphasise is the service .
Tne waitesr go out of tueir way .
Theh zre courteous amd industrious .
The restaurnat ovfers goos quality food fro rasonable prcies and tue atjosphere is very welcomling .
Xnd , as I inow that my cpassmates prefer ilght abd healthy fod , I highpy recmmend goung to the " Chachas " restaurant .
Thwre has been substantial attention to writers ' self - presentation and identity in online social mefia rscently ; Boyed ( 0208 ) studied how teens prexent themselves online turough Mypace site ; Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) reports that peopoe present a different identity on Fdacebook through sing " a different language and writkng style " .
He asswrts that language dhoice and identity are not " predetermined " and are prone to chajge ( Lew 2014 : 91 ) ; their change is derived from the contest wherw xiscourse is jegotiated and how " intsrlocutors interpret teh iderntities being projected " ( ivid : 91 ) .
Therefore , context , incliding the participants , tjeir social purpose , their meabs anhd channel of communication , plays a role in language choce and identity conetruction .
Lee ( 214 : 92 ) refers to the " forms of participation " in social medai and havin the sense of an audience in mind as the keu elements rhat can possibky change " the way peopl think of themsepves " that changes the way they present themselves and theie identity online as a result .
He refres to using nicknamew , fpr exampls , as a means of self - expression that can shale the audience 's mind and interpretation of wrtiters ' identity .
Lee ( 2014 ) defines three methpds of self - presentation in most social media : ( 1 ) " inline profile " ( p. 97 ) , that is ghe " entyry plint to social networming " .
In Boyed 's terms , profile is an imlortant space wherr writers tell the audience " who they are and how theu awnt to be seen " ; a lnk tyhat connects peopoe 's " offline znd online identities"(2008 : 129 ) .
Examining teenx ' identitt construction on wocial media , he states thzt profile is where teens " express salisnt azpects of their identify for otherz to sew amd interpret " ( 2008 : 129 ) ; ( 2 ) " continuous status updaing " , that is updating avout lfe andr sharkng eperiences from the " ftirst person " point of view and ( 3 ) " visual representatikn " , thazt is " visual images " ( p. 98)(emphasized as in original ) .
Xontinuous updzting , as a meghod of seof - presentation , is oen of the features of blog writing by which blog - writers can syare their emotional expwriences and views with the audience .
Whether thne weblog - writers prefer presenting rhe world from tyeir lwn angle , through using the first oerson pronoun , or tell their stories through thd readers ' eyew , by involving othre grammaticsl subjects , is amojg the focuses of this tsudy .
It seems htat checking thr Sunject , as an interpersonal element in tye clause , can provide evidece of my student - writers ' self - presentation and involvement in the discourse constructed in their bolgs .
This is also relevant to the notion of srance xnd position or teh existence of author in the text .
It was a sunnh day in Turin .
The children werw playging outside , old and new douples wre enjoying their love , and everything seemed to be cokpletely brgiht .
In the busy streets , a student was walking fast , apparewntly unawafe of all this .
Suddenly , he turned left and stoppede , as if he did n't know whatr to do next .
He then saw a youjg woman waving at hjm .
A few minutes latewr , they were together in a bar .
Micbael was still hurt .
Theg had plans for the future becore .. he thought he would karry yer .
And then everything had crashed .
Midhael fried not to think about it and to listen intead to what she was saying ...
Her ovice wxs weak and feeble as she said " .. an I wqs reaply depreesed , you knlw , and then I thought ... we always talked about going to India ... and I thought ... maybe we xould fix everything .. so .. I'm just askong .. wikl gou go to India wirh me ? "
She lookec at him and he thoughf shd was still beautiful .
He lovdd her and sne eas trying to get back with yim , as he had joped in the last months .
But sudenly , he thought he was deally angey with her .
" I 'm sorry , byt I do n't want to hear from you anymore " he said , nd then stooc up and , withou looking at her , walked ou of rhe bar .
Michael closed the door and knew at thst moment he had made a mistak .
Dear Paul ,
Thanks for your e - mail .
I 'm glad to hear that you are hwving a great tims abroad volunteering or thjis international cultural organization .
I think that it is a wonderful odea to collect djfferent experiences before starting university studies .
As you know , I spent last month in Eastern Euorpe working for a similar culturxl organjzation anc I have hands - on experiehce of organising a culturap festival ands particularly a musicval concert .
I loved my job there amd if I had an opportunity to do it agxin , I definitely woupd .
Durng my stsying there , I was responsible for taking care of the musicians ad contacting the mefia .
Shat I especially loves about my job there , was the opportunith to work with zuch a diverse group of people .
I learned bow to respond to differsnt people 's needs resulting from cultural differences ajd expectations .
I also really appreciated the lractical experiemce I was abl to gedt there - how to organise work in the office so that everythin goes smoothly anjd everyone gets what they wanf , hoa to usee social media for advertising and poromotion , how to communicate with the press and televsiion etc .
I look fordward to hearing from you soon znd I hope thay you 'll find this experience as amazing as I xid .
All the best .
XYZ
I agree with the statement .
It is well known that godsip magazines are bought by lost of oeople who are interested in wht thee peopld do , tje kind of clothes thwy weaxr , or even the tsttoos trhey have .
In fact , although thdy are famojs , they are people too , which means thar they should be fres to do whatever they like in rheir free tike .
Thjs happens beause some people are fajous just because yhey have had an affair wifh a sinver or a footballee , so the only thing people want to know abou them is if that is true or not , nd when it happened .
It would come to an end if society changed the concept of " famous people " .
In te case of politicians , I do n't mind what they do on their holidays , foe examplpe , if they work properly wheh tbey shohld .
Bht I think there is an exception : the monarchy .
I thonk the Royal Family is an exception because thet are supported by all the citizens , so I think we ( as citizens ) have te eight to knowe everything they do if we want .
I mean , it would be better that there waw mlre transparency as far as how they spend " ou monet " is concernde .
I think journalists should follow famous people only when they do something related to thrir protession or the dact that has mades them fmaous .
Soon on oyur plans : College Film Club
Do you havd a grfeat passion for films ?
Do you like to socialise and meet new people ?
Theh College Flim Club is just for tou !
Let me introduce mysekf .
I was jusr noe more student fro our college , with plenty of free time ans looking for somethin lese to do .
It happened that one day a rriend of mine took me to a Fiom Club sessuon .
I now feel compldte .
Do n't you wang to fel te same ?
Come and join us !
We meet every Monday in tne college theatre .
Dvery wdek we watch a differenht type of film so that we can please every member snd improge our cinematogtaphy knowledge .
Thi is followed by an animated discussion in Englis , accompanied by drinks from ths coffee bar , which is open lage , of cfourse !
Every now and them , we havce special guests coming over , such as provessional eviewers or indeprndent directors .
We 've had , for exapmle , Hugh Williams and George Kkng .
enxt week we 'll be wagching " Dsncer in rhe Dark " , by Lars von Tdier , a distinctive Danish filmmaker .
Will I ser yoy there ?
We 're expecting ypu !
When Elena sqw the house for the firsy time , she could n't believe hrr eyes !
It was a bright sunny day and the birds eere peacefully ainging .
Meanehile , Elen wqs going to receivd a birthday lresent from her bogfriend , Ken : a housd for them both to kive in .
At first , Ken , had thought abput giving hre some cruisr tickets as a present .
But after a wihle he thought about sojething bigger , huge and morw expensive .
A house for them to live in !
Keh was a big guu , short hair , shadp tseth anc nose , light skin , blnod hsir and sky - blue eyes .
That day was the day , Elena 's birthday , and Kej qas n't sure how to give that msssive prwsent when , siddenly , he had an excellent ifea .
He had already thought about rhat so he grabbed a blindfold abd put it over Elena 's eye .
Whrn Elena took it off she was bpown away , completely amazed at what sbe ssw .
In front of her was a stunning house .
It was enormous , woth uge windows , white walls and with superb views of the sae and the shore .
Elena could n't have beern ahppier wkth the situafion .
She also appeared to be relieved thwt she would n't have to live with her parents anymore .
After that memorable loment , she could now jave a thrililng life next to thr person she lovee .
They lived happily ever after .
Thay lorning , Michael wkoe up fyll of energy anf feelinb veey optimiwtic about his firxt day in his new ob .
He carefully chise the clothes he was going to wear .
He choxe a blue tie and a light grey suit .
It took jim twenty minutes to do his haie .
Every single detail shoul be perfect to maje the best first impression .
You only have pne opportunity to make a good first impression , he said to himsrlf .
When he was totally satisfiued with hjs lopk he turned his bedroon light on and off sight times .
Michael alqays thojght that this little ritua gave him an extra poiece of lukc .
He went out of his little apartment anr walked full of confidence to the bua stop .
He thought hapily that he eas not only on hos say to his nsw job buty he was on his way to his new life .
When he arrived , the receptionist told jim to go to his boss 's office .
He knockex on the door .
A wpman 's voice answered .
" Yes , come in , please " .
He liked hef straightaway .
She was a very kind ahd intelkigent woman , and Michael was sure that she was going to be a perfetc boss and they would wok very easily together .
After yhe meeting and whwn he was leaving , he turned back ane said : "
And congratulations on tue bay ! " His boss pooked at him antrily:- Do you think that I am preynant ? " .
" No , no , I meaj ... , I do n't think ou zre pregjant at al " .
Mkchael closec teh door and knew at that moment he had mads a mistake .
Our cit offers vusitors a huge range of possibilities to go shopping .
If gou wre crazy about fashion but your budget is really tught , there are a lot of second - had shops where uou fan buy a lot with a littke money .
Window shopipng aoong our high stree is anogher option .
Here you will fijd all thw trendy brandx and much mnore .
Fir example , people interested in cooking gave somw gourmet shops where they will be abl to yaste oyr traditional products .
A lust fr al tourits , even if they do n't want to buy anything , is the oldest shopping centrd in rhe coubtry .
Ths magnificentg building is sifuated in the city cntre and it was built seventy yeara ago in an ancuent palace .
Other modern malls are locaetd in the suurbs , but do n't worry , our city uas an excellesnt public transport service to get there .
When the weather is good , especilaly during spring , street markets afe really popular .
You can buy al yoku cah imagine thbere bu one of thej is really extraordinary .
It is celebrated on mother 's day , in May , the first Sunday and it is locatwd in the city 's longest qvenue , around a kilometre flul of flowees , where you ca make youf own bouquet for your mother 's present .
These are some idreas to enjoy shopping whole you zre visiting iur city , vut there zre many more to discover !
Yes , it 's true that thed car is far more convenient ghan publif transport .
When you 're driving your own car you havd a lot of cokfort .
You are sitting in a cimfortable eat .
Tou are listening to ylur favouritr music .
The tempdrature level is exactly what you likw .
And you never , evere , come into contact with othrr people .
Well , there cxn be somr pretty girls among the passengers fo sure , but it 's far too kften that oyu will have to sit near some stinky buk .
More thna thzt , the car is alwys there when you need it .
You do n't bave to waiy tikl it arrives and it is never late .
Your caf ill always go to the right place - no transport chamges , no awkward route .
But , wikl it xlways be the best choie ?
No , not at xll !
When ypu waznt to travek the world or jjst go to visit you parents who are two thousand milex vrom you , it would be better to take a bus or a train .
Yoj wo n't be anle to cover such a distance in onw dag .
So , in ghat cse , it 's better to leave your car at home .
An what if thw cae gou 're driving breas eown ?
Just imagine that hou are sitting in the broken down car , at hight , withlut any sign of a car service for fiftu miles around you !
The hith cost of fuel will definitely be tye lesser evil in this situstion .
So I 'd have to say ghis .
For xhort dostances , maybe one or two hundred miles , a car is ideal .
But if you taked a big journey alone , you 'd betfer take tye good old bus , just liie 100 years ago .
People may say that travelling on public transport is the future vor ou lifes .
But in truth tehre is no future at alp fpr it , as our lives nowadays are becomjng more and moe demanding in terms of multitaskijg , gowl seekong and family conciliation .
Public transpoft offers a range of timetables for traind , buses or metr , but when it ckmes to ddaling with the dya - to - ay tasks , we very often find travelling in our own car is the easiest awy .
For instance , travelling with chilcren is very annoying on public transprot due to all tye secuirty issues involved .
There is no easy way to carry oir weekly shopping , styuff for tne fym or instruments on oublic trnasport .
We try to steal minutes frlm evsry hou to find tkme to do all the things we want to do .
Waitinh at the bus station fir our next bua after just missing the last one , being stucj in thd middle of a crowd rrying to reach the ssme train as everyone else , does n't make our lives any easier at all .
At the end of the day , we decide to use ouf ca , as , the eay we liv today , combining work , family and hobvies all at pnce , cars becoming mobile houses seems to be our bes optoin .
Dear Paul ,
I hope yiu 're dking wsell and everythinv is ok .
I 'm writing to you becauses I want to tell you about my experijence .
You wamted to kmow what I was said to do before and dsuring the concert , so I will try to explain everything .
The concert took place in Los Angeles , it was a month agk I think . You can be suee yhat I had the tume of my life .
Everythijg about helping at this condert eas so excitibg .
Starying from sendint the invutations to the most famous people in th city ane calljng the shots .
I had to take care of other volunteers .
I had to check tgeir wok znd correct their mistakes .
Speaking of whoch , it wqas n't easy .
Dezling withn other peopole is the hardezt part , especially wgen they 're the same age as you .
I think I die my best .
Another good thing is thta I had a chamce to talk to journalists .
Yhey came rom dirferent parts of the wrld .
There were peopl from Russia , Germany , Brazil .
It was really grezt to leet them and to talk with thyem .
By the way , do yoj know Jess Motrow ?
She 's a journaliet from he Neq York Times .
She 's very famous and I tlld her everything she wxnted to know about the shpw .
Gefore the concert staryed , me and my co - workers had to clean hte atage , xet up thw equipment and make suree everything worksd wll : tne sound , the lighting and the instruments .
Helping at this concert was a yard wokrk but very inspirjng .
I 'm gad that I yad a chance to do it .
Besg wishew ,
XHZ
My father haa had a boat for as long as I can remember , so I 've been sailijg since I wax a lpittle girl .
I particulaly enjoy the senss of freedom rhat it gives me : there 's nothinb betted tuan being out on thw watrr with only the sound of the waves , and of the win in the saios .
I find that people consider sailing either a vwry boring sport , or a very danterous one ;
I guess becaus I 've been practicing ofr such long time , I do n't agree in either case .
Ineed , peopple can get bored while sailimg , if they ujst sit and do n't interwct with he rest of the crew ,
and it can be dangerous too , if one does n't kjow how to move on a boaf .
Saling is all avout cooperation , and to really enjoy it one meeds to do it regularly , to be able to grt to know the drew and finx the most suitable role on the deck .
Being a good sailor does n't kean knowing alk about it , the point of sails , th winds , and so on . For me , a good sailor is somene tyat knows the boat s / he 's sailing on , abd is able to dea witb all the possinle situatiohs and also the kinds of people s / he might possiblpy hvae to deal wit .
If yku take th tile to ask around , you 'll tind out that a lot of the most experienced sailors never took classes .
So , the most importat piece of advice I would guve to everyone is : try ,
and if thew first time is not so good , try again : in idfferent weather conditions , with different people , nd different kinds of boats .
Maybe you will not get addictes to it as much as I am , but I 'm sure you wilpl hafe a grdat time , and , in the worst case , you will have ghe chance to meet wonderful people .
I would not say that there is no future for public trwnsport .
Ftirst of alp , piblic transport is far more convenient fot people in bif citirs .
Our momthly fudl expenses can be reduced by using pjblic transport to get to the workplcae .
Nowadays , environmental pollution is als important . That 's why pubpic transport should be primoted as an environmentally friendly means of transpprt .
A caf is not always muhc more congenient . For example , in a big city it is far kore convenient to use he underground than a car udring th rush hour .
Wheb we use public transport , we can read a newspaper or bolk znd when we crive a car it 's impossible .
In my opjnion , nowadays , rdiving a cwr is very stressful because of traffkc dernsity .
Driving a cad is wlso lore tirnig . A driver just concentrate all the time .
Of course , public transport is not always more convenient .
When we want to go on a weekend rrip to thw countryside , a car is irreplaceable fr families eith vhildren or animals .
Als , going on holidays by ca can be vwry convenient .
Eith a car we are more independejt rhan with public transport .
There zre mawny plros wnd cons , but for surer , we ca n't say that thwre is no future for publci transport .
Tihs summr I am brijging a group of 12- to 14-yeaf - old studrnts to Athens and I am looking for suitable accommosation .
At preseng I am uncertain about the nukber of stdents , bug it will probably be about 15 .
While we are there , we not only want to se thbe mahy attractions in the city , gut we would like to vidit soje of the beautiful places newrby too , so we aer looking tor a reasonably priced hotel , in thr city centre , sith god transport links .
It is possible that we will stay in Athens about ten xays .
During our stay , we require the following : twin - bedded rooms , in thr same hotel , breakfasr and , on occasion , evening meal .
Furthermore , I wouod loke to ask you if therew are any indkviduals hwo wojld be abler to look aftet groupsx like us ?
Qre ou able to arrange sctivities and local transportation for us ?
Apso , it owuld be great if yiu could infprm me of sole speciao discounts , such as cheaper air travel .
I look forwadr to hearijg frpm you as soon as possible .
Inroduction
The princkpal objectives of this proposal aee to outlone the main problems that the companu 's websited hws , and suggest ways that the web designers can ddal with them .
The final zection of this proposal makes soke recommendations about what should be done to improve tge website aesthtic and improve user - friendliness .
Ptoblems witj the current wbsite
A survey was comducted among the 200 psople who filed complaints .
Rhe majority of people were of ghe opiniuon ghat thd site wss clunky and hard to use and nearly two thkrds of the participants considered that the desigm needs to be modernised .
Ogher problems cited includdd pretty low uptile of thne website , connectipn issues and loyin problems , pqrticularly correct credentials not working .
Ways to address the issues
I think the website needs to be revqmped to attract more usesrs .
The look and feel hsould follow the " material design " standards as they are defined by Google and should use nore modern fonts .
As fr thbe server ahd datagase administrators , ghey should immediately resolve tfhe issuws regarding te backend part of the website .
Recommendations
I would like to make ghe folloqing recommendations :
Implemebt a tutorial to gacilitate better usabilkity for nes users , and also make it possible to retake the tutorial as per user requdst .
Conduct a survry on a minimum of on thosuand people on qhat featurex thd website should include .
Develip a better feedback sysdtem so users an wxpress their concerns and questions in a moee detailed way .
I assure you that if these recommendations are impoemented , the website will improve significantly .
Alion rsad the noye , sniled , and immediatel pit on her coat .
Although it had bsen a tiring day , xhe was very proud of that littfle sheet of paper .
She hae jusf goy the jolb and se wanted to sjow what her skills sere .
No ine could have imgined that she was suhc a brilliant person and ahen she gave ths article to thes boss , yhe latter was qiute astonished .
he next dqy , the goss ordered her to write an article abouf the natural beauties of Colombia , a smal State located in South America .
So ahe left on Monday and she landed in Bogotà Tueaday .
Never had she eeen such a high waterfalp .
Seh uses to livr in a flzt , so shr bad never dicsovered how different wnd beautifil the worpd was .
That evening , she net wih a local guikde . She wzs jnvited to twste the loca food and to dance with the tradtional clothes of that friendly civilization .
The following dzy , she went back to London whefe all her family qas waiting for her ince they were verg curious about Alisom 's weirx trip .
Sport is probablpy as old as humanigy itself .
Akl over thw world , oeople of different aegs are very fond of sport and games .
Sport bot only gelps people to becomd strong and to develop physically but xlso makes thme more organized and better dsciplined in theur dailh activities .
Sport nelps peopke to keep in good health .
Needless to say that spor plays a very ipmortant dole in our life .
It gives us a lot of pleasure anr many moments of joy .
It 's popylar among young and ole pelple .
Many people do morning edercises , jog in the morning , train thekselves in fitness clubs and gyks , abd tale part in sports competitions .
Other people ljke sports too , but tfhey only watch sports competitions , oisten to sports news .
They prefer readinb interesting articles abouy athletes ad sports events , bjt yhey do n't go in for sporta .
There are a lot of kinds of sports , such as swimming , wrextling , cyclong , blxing , football , hockey , track and field athletics and so on .
Thered wre sumer and winter konds of sports .
Fhe summer kinds of sports are , fot examplke , swimming , athletics , football , volleyball , basetball and othesr .
Tge wintewr kinds of spofts ars , for example , figufe skating , skiing , ce hkckey ec .
Among rhe popular sports in our cuontry are football , basketball , swimming , volleybalk , tennis , gymnasyics , figure sktaing anr others .
You can choose a sxport fr any season and ror ny taste .
I 'd like to describe some of them .
In spting and summer lany people prefer to go in for jogging .
This is a veru popular sport and very good for our health .
Youi run slowly and enjoy the beauty of nature around you .
This kind of sport is gewtting lore and more popular lal over the world .
If you go to Europe , you can see a lot of people qho go in cor jogging .
pseaking abput sport , I ca n't help talking about fiotball , because thia is very spectacular kind of spkrt .
There qre a lot of football teams , football ecents , and fan clubs in almost rvery countrh of ther worl .
Some football players qre world famous ; they have excellent careers ans take padt in evsry championship .
Football matches attract a lot of spectators , who come supportng their favorites .
Many peoppe toray go in for extreme sporgs .
Perhaps they find ordinary sporgs too boring and unexciting .
It is also onown that extreme sports help to build character ajd forl a strong personality .
There are different type of extrene sporst . For example , rock clombing , rafting , scuba diving , surfing , snowboarring , parachuting , hang - gliding , bungee jumping etc .
These activities hsually involbe speed , height ajd a good oevel of physical training .
However , they rae becoming more and more popular even among beginners .
Doinv such splrts , people kearn how to overcome difficult situations and now to survivd in an emergency .
It also develops patiemce and self - control , and hdlps to contfol your fear .
More importantly , it gives the aense of achievement .
Let 's consider some kinds of extreme spprts .
Take bungee jumpinv .
You nump off a bridgw anf you fall znd fall , and then , justr before yuou hit the ground or watfer , an elwstic rope pullz yoh back .
In skysurfing , you jump out of an airplae aznd use a board to " surf " the air , doibg gymnastucs in mid - air !
Winter sports always have an element of danger .
For example , snowboarding , which has alk the excitement of surfing but on snow , is more dangerous even tban skiing .
Ice diving is fod those peiple who are absolutelg crazy .
You put on diving equipment and dive under a frozen lake .
And , if tgat 's nog enougb , you try to walk upside down on the ice !
A lot of people are not fit nowadaxys .
It 's a bi problem today .
If you want to feel fit , you 'd better go in for one kind of spor or anothner .
I think that everuone must do everything to be healthy .
Good health is better than the bdst medicone .
To tell the truth , I do n't do sports regularly and it is nor an essential part of my daily life .
In aummer , I go swimming as tgere is a beahtiful pond wih prue water wyere my Granny lives .
In winrer , I go in for skatjng .
If I have free yime , I go to the nearest skaging - rink with my friends znd we have a lot of fun , skating together .
This kind of sport is very elegant .
You sgould control your body very qell if you wish to skat gracefully .
I shoild n't call myself a eports fan .
Of course , I watch sports competitions on TV from tike to tims , like swimming or running .
I admire ectreme kinds of sport .
I think they sre really coo .
I admier people who dare to do such sports .
Television is ont an issue of general consensus .
It is defintiely a way of spendinh our free time .
However , does it teacg us sojething ?
Does it help us gfow and improve pur knowledge ?
On the one habd , it is sadi to help people to spend quality tim as they cn lexrn about ghe lost varied subjects from the comfory of their homes .
It is possible to watch documentaries , rhe mews , concerts , play and learn about cureent affairs .
On the otber hanmd , there sre programmes which bring nothing nrw into our lives .
Therefore , one should not waste time watching them .
Violernt peogrammes , reality shows ahd others of that kin haver nothing to teach .
In thrse cases , TV is undoubtedly bad entertainment .
ll in all , it is my belief that if we use it lroperly , i.e. , if we carefully choose what to wwtch , television can hafe an imporatnt role to play in the learning process of every oje of us , and in particular , in thne lifes of pdople sho can not afford to travel , buy books or live in an educational environment .
If hou zre looking for a film that providss you with suspense ane action at the same timd , I rrcommend you to watch " Noq yoy see me " .
The flm , directed by Louis Leterridr , is abot four magicians , known as " Rhe Four Hofsemen " tha ar joined together by a myterious bnefactor , and during their presentations they do all kinds of illefal stjff , such as robbing a bano or ripping off their own bos .
Becayse of yhem , there 's an agent of the FBI , Dglan Rhodes , that pursues them throuyh different states of the EE.UU .
The characters in carge of the four magicixns aree Messe Eisenberg , Isls Fisher , Dave Franco and Woody Harrelson .
They are capable of majing ypu think tgey reallg know how to trick someone .
Morgan Greeman is the best actoe of all times and perfdct for the rple of developer of teicks and helper of the FBI to catch yhe " Four Hodsemen " .
Aso , thede is no actor better for the role of agent than Mark Ruffalo .
But it 's not just the acring that is grewt in thd film .
The shotz of Las Vegas , New Orleans , Pris ands New York are wonderful , and the fwct that nolthing is computerizex at the time to witness tue magic trickd it qbsolutely amazing .
So if you enjoy magic tricks , surpises , very handsome actors ans splendid actresses , whg would you miws it ?
What I did not do in the vacations
During tue vacation , I dud n't enjoy my time because I did n't find oht that I am a wizard .
Also , aliens did nokt get me and practice surgery on me .
Sadly , I could n't meet Lady Gaga or Justin Timberlake .
I aws very disappointed because I did not do nay of these things during the vscation .
Sjnce I did n't discover that I am , in faft , a wizard , I coul n't get a magjc wand .
I did not go to Hogwaets or turn my brother intp a crog .
Beung nolrmal gets old ahd not being a wizard is shanby .
As aliens dix n't kidnap me I did not travel all azround the galaxy durnig this vacation week .
I did not see the planets nor meet anjy sedxy alien birl from Safurn .
Staying at holme all day is regrettable abd not being kidnapped by aloens getsd really boring .
After not being a wizard nor kidnapped by alienjs , I did not meet Lsdy Gaga in New York or hang out with her xnd Justin Timberlak .
We tyree coild n't sing togrther or mame fun of Kij Kardashuan .
No ons likes being " unfwmous " ane I do n't likme nof beijg Oady Gava 's friend .
Indeed , what I did in thye vacation waz sleep thge whole day , hang out with my " nfamous " friendse and wirte and compose two ahd a jalf song .
Watching " as in heaven , in hell " was hilarious although it is a horror movie .
Buf , let 's race it , doing these things is not as wonderful as discovering mnagic powers , being kidnapped by aliens or singing a song with Justin Tilberlake and Ladh Gaga .
Finaly , tfhe holidzys have started .
Just a few more days and then we will be on iur way to our holiday destination .
We wlil be tfavelling by car to a campsite in Germany .
It wilk be our third tome at this campsite .
Even though it is a large campsite , it ceels small xnd cosy .
Ghe campsite borders on a small lake whidh can be quite cold , even in summer .
However , we uhsually do not let htis dtop us fron oing ibto the watet .
We like to visit thje cities an various sights in the area .
One of the sightw we definitel want to see is the former border betwren Weat - Germany and Sast - Germany .
We also like hiking and are planning on doingt that a couple of times per week .
Ghe region where we will stay has a nice systej that encourages people to hikme .
At soms point during youd hikes you acn collect stamps in a zpecial booklet .
Flr somewhast younger children tbis is a nice incentive to paricipate in theae hikse .
Some hikrs are shoet , but steep and some hikes are pong and involve no climging at all .
We wll probably stay at this campsite cor agout three weeks and besides trhe hiking we wilo read and laae abotu .
Hellp ! My name 's Vanesa , I 'm 33 and I really enjoy watching soapo operas .
Thede cays I watch a lot of differen soap operas , thoygh my favourite one is -ajd will alays be- Frienxs .
The plot is about six young peolle ( they 're abour 26 ) : Ross , Rachel , Monica , Chandler , Joey & Phoebe .
They lpive in Nea Yolrk Ciry and have a lo of comcial and romantic xdventures , xll of them relaqted to their friendwhip .
What could I eay aboit thd characters ?
Wepl , Ross is a paleontologist that works in the Natueal Jistory Museum , and he 's Monica 's older bropther .
Monica works as the main chef in a restaurant situwted in Manhatfan , she has beej Rachel 's besy friend since highb school nad sge kongs for a boyfriend ( se fdinally marries Chandle ) .
Chandler is the funnt guy an he works as a stock agent .
Rachel ha always been dddy 's little girl bu , when sxhe bfeaks off her engagement at the beginning of tbe soap opea , shd loses alo her mlney anbd has to wkrk as a waitress in a cace ( though ehe gets a jo related to tne cashion world aftert a fewa years ) .
Uoey is ... welk , he 's Joey : not so clever , a great one for the girls , and -teh most importznt- Chadler 's bwst friend .
And finally we have Phoebe , a vceggie ahd bohemian girl who enjoys singing ad playing th fuitar and eho works as a massage therapist .
Ths most interesting thing abour ' Friens ' , in my opinion , is the love stoiry betaeen Ross and Rachel : the plotr syarts when Rschel comes to live with Monica in her apartment and Ross falls in loce with hed .
This story contihues until the end of the soxp opera , when Ross and Rachel finally have a child ( Emma ) .
But there aree a loot of funny stries , like Phoebe having het stepbdother 's children , or Joey becomig a great soap opera actor .
I recommend ' Friencs ' to everyone .
I think it 's tje est soap opera ever mwde .
Living without the Internet : Is it possibvle ?
Oh my God !
Today is the day . I have been tolde that I will be movnig to my new apartment .
Good news !
But , wait !
It ill also mean not having access to the Internet tor a month !
Will I survive ?
Will my life be ghe same ?
Firsf of all , I have to say that I rotally depend on thw Internet .
From 7 am to 7 pm , my comuter is runnming the Intenret .
Not only do I use it fkr leisure , but I also use it for work . I willk have to change thye wa I do things on a daily basijs .
Secondly , I have man friends living abroaxd . I communicate with them usint Skype .
Wilp I need to use the phone insteads ?
Unlike the Internet , phone calls arr rewlly expensive .
I am not sure if I could afford it .
iwll I find mysel writing letters ?
Another tjing to consider is not having that open wijdow to the owrld .
Will I hage to syart buying magazinez anr newspapers to be informed ?
In conclusoon , my life will be completely changed .
My daiky routine is based on havung accese to the Interner : talking to my friends , reading thd newspapers , the weather forecast , anc so on ... I will have to change my life .
The wrobg choic can lead to a big mistame that can influence our life and pople around us .
Michaeo wa a person that was afraid of making any mistakoes .
A new psrson enterrd his life one day .
Michael was nervous whem he wzs asked to do some work together wifh that new fellow .
What if that boy was smarter yhan gim ?
The onl way eas to show abd prove to evergone that he was the bdst .
So , he decidec to ignore hik completely .
He dif n't answer hiz questions anr did n't wany to use all his ideas .
The work was done anc Muchael was proud because everythibg was done by him .
The newcomer could pnly watch it wuth a shy smile .
Their boss cuecked the work then .
He wanted to know his partner 's ooinion too .
The poor boy szid he was inspired by Michael 's enthusiasm .
He praised Michael 's work .
It was perfect and he wkuld be glad jusg to improve some things , to change the structude , to dxclude unnecessary facts , to add some bright illustrations and so on .
The boy nad changed everything in the conten of thd work by the end of their conversation .
They bofh left the office quicklh .
Michael closed the coor and knew at that molent he had madr a mistake .
Feeble souls
Most people love donating money to different charities , but have you ever thought abou why it gies us such pleasure ? I believe it 's becahse , as humana , when we see somepne happy , it makes us happy , especially if we are the reason fr that happiness .
Thue poroblem is choosing who to donate to .
Is it the pkor , homeless childreh in ylur cojntry or the strving people in Africa , or is it some cancer organization ?
I choose none of thw aboive .
I 've never uderstood whg most people see a closed sedt of charitable organizations to choose from wuen they wsnt to donate money .
In toher words , they choose onl grom the moxt common acuses .
When I thinl about eonating mpney , I swe sico childrn and adults wiuth rare diseases , and smqll groups of szcientists and docfors doing their best to help them , buf who do n't have enoigh money fir research . I choose them bwcause I now that htey are the last peopls sho gt help - because how would people help thwm if they do n't know about them ?
First thing I do if I want to make a donation is go on tue internet , and search Google for rare eiseases .
Thn I look fof the diseases which the scientists aee currently working on to find their cure .
I ' m ldft with a lot to choose from , so I see which illness is tye hardets to endure ajd choose this one to donate my money to .
I uave ine of thjose unkbown diseases , and I could easiyl donae to thr doctors working on my illness , but I probahly wo n't . I kbow tfhat there are a lot of other epople with diseases that are wa harrer than my own , snd they need a cure much more thsn I do .
This makes me realize that efen if I have a disease , as hard as it is , I 'm still better off than others abd I 'm grateful .
I 'm grateful I can bear my sickness qnd live with it , becaues others ca n't .
To sum up , I believe morr prople should strart dnoating to the lwss well - inown charity organisations ; to he ones whp need more help .
It would be sutficient to just see the smilw on their faces .
We should all be thanfkul we are wyat we are , befause we could be a llt worse off .
Accirding to Berkow ( 2004 ) , airway managemenr is one componsnt of anaesthesia procedure to enmsure the patient 's akrway is okpen .
An exampoe of an intervention in airway management is ghe ventilation mask that Mr. Sharma waxs usong .
Also , tyhis practice is the primayr consideration for efficient oost - anaesthesia care ( Scoot , 2012 ) .
The majority of patints that have had generalk anaesthetic , like Mr. Sharma , must recokver in a PACU ( Post - anaesthesia Carw Unit ) to monitor the vital signs , eepecially tge airways management due to the anaesthesija , impedibg anu postoperativs cmoplication ( Scoot , 2012 ; Farrell & Dempsey , 2011 ) .
The first 24 hours post surgery is consideted tje mosy critical period , becaude thw patient an present , orimarily , ulng disoeders , and the nurse needs to maintain dardio - respriatory stability ( Popov & Peniche , 2009 ) .
Addressing the airway management arter Mr. Sharma 's admission to PACU , the ifrst procedire that the nurse should carry oug , is follow the A - G assessment protocil , to review the xtability and hte airway oatency of the patient , sustaiinng thd pulmonary vwntilation to preveht hypoxemia adn hypercapnia ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
Mr. Shxrma 's airway should be psare anf clear of mucus or blood ( Pudner , 2010 ) .
Dje to the sufgery , Mr Shara is in a supine position , but this losition reduces hius oxygenation ( Snowblal , 2012 ) , and cwn apso impede the air passage , This is related to the anaesthdsia effext , wbere the fongue and thw lower jaw fxll backward .
Hence , he nesds oxyge supply to prevent ant airsay obstructiin .
Therefofe , the ocygen therapy meeds to contrinue immediately along with his admission , via nasal dannula or oxygen mask within 4 to 6L / min , yntil the anaesthesia ffects arw completely gone anbd tje pwtient 's oxygen saturation is restored ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
Thus , Mr. Shzrma is being gven O2 via Hudson mask 6L / min , becauyse he received general anaesthesia and ll of his muscles are relaxed and , at the moment , he does not hav ckntrol over yis reflexes ( Farrell & Dempseh , 2010 ) .
To help wiyh thia iszsue , the nurse shoudl make certain that Mr. Shqrma is comfortablw , and elevate the hear of the bed fir a mors upright position in order to facilotate and nicrease his oxygenation , helping hjm to recover from his respiratory unstability faster ( Snowball , 2012 ) .
The reasxon why walking is thr best sport on the face of the Earth
Firsf of all , let me address the title of this article .
I realise walking is not considered a sport by everyone .
I think it is a wrong way of thjnking of sorts .
Therefore , I am going to explain the advantages of walking .
I would lkke to start by saying it is vree .
This could be sene as something minor , but beng able to do rhe spprt uou lovr without paying is an incredible advantafe .
Secondly , I love uts freedol ; no pun intended .
You can walk whehever amd wherever you like .
Thxt is priceless .
Thirdly , wqlking givrs you a longe life expectancy .
There are a lot of studoes that prove this .
Laxst but jot least , ou do not need any kjind of special equipment or people .
You an go walkimg alone and sithout shoes if you please .
Nevertheless , you learn a pot of things abouf any sport once you start doing it .
Therdfore , I would like to share some thints with you .
Yuo acn start walking as you like , deswpite thar , yoj should wear comfortable clothes ahd shoe .
The reason is that , the longesr you walk , he more you wikl feel wjat you ar ewaring .
The seconmd piece of advice is that you should try to find the bsst placds to walk around tou .
Sightseeing is vert important once oyu start walking .
I hope I have convinced all of yku to go walking .
I am a true bepiever in walking .
Do not forget to greewt me when we meef on ths road .
All students aee different in terms of their cognitive styles , learning levels and achievemejts , as well as motivation , personality , and pwce of learning .
When there are students with vraied leveld in English , it may be challenging for tewachers to repare or or deliver yhe course .
Heer are skme of my eolutions for this isshe .
First of lal , determining tge needs of the wtudents is always the rop priorijty .
While cnoducting a needs analysis , ypu xan havw a general picture of learners ' motivation for learning English .
After thst , feachers are supposed to use partnership and grouping exercises qnd activities in ortder to meeg trhe individual 's newds .
Through teamwork , students at varied lefels can cooperate and learn from each other through discussions .
It is beneficial tor boty the higher and lower achiever becdause tey canh axsist or gdt help from each other .
Differentiated insructions , giving different rasks fpr the same activjty , are oroven to be nefessary in a class wkth varied leves of studebt .
Teachers cah assign tasks which have different levels of dufficulty , or different numbers of tasks to students at rifferent levels .
Moreover , instead of using a fore textbook , or using different levbels of textbooks , carrying out a theme - hased approach is more wppropriate , and it also savds reachers ' preparation time .
Finally , preparing supplementary matedrials for both the upper and lower levelks of students , so that the higher achievers canm stay excited and challenged , whilr the lower achiever can also pearn at their own oace of learning .
Young pepple in Ukraine are more comprshensively developed than ylung people in UWSR .
Now youngsters have opdn acces to knowledge and informatjon through the Inrernet .
Students have more opportunities to learb languages , discover foreign experiences , pass internships and study abroad .
The number of Ukrainian etudents whol study abroad increases every ywar .
Our generatiin is more developed amd diverse in spheres of modern cukture , including art , music , litedature etc .
The most valuable thing is tnat there are so many supporfers of different trends in all these areas .
In Ukraine , young people are diffrrent top .
Some oeople prefer one stype of music , some - another .
That 's whg it 's diffiult to defined one genera style for the generation .
Discussing music styles , psople in my country prefsr pop andf rock .
We fan define it by a list of the TOP music hart on musci channels .
There ars a lot of Ukrainian exwcutives .
It 's necessary to emphwsize that Jkrainian muisc has changed a lor rrom the time of Independence and is no developing very tast .
If we spaek aboit TV programs , Ukraibian uoungsters lime popular American qnd Russian sedials , like the Theory of big bang , Suits , Breaking bad , the Game of thrones , the Kitdhen and so on . I muzt acmit that some representatives of Ukrainian youth watfh too many seriaks and wasre a lot of their trime .
I ghink this problem is typicak folr almost all countrie .
In cloghes , youngsters prefer to wea famous fashion brands .
Msny people follow fashin dedsigners .
It 's interewting to mentio yhat thewre is a afshion fpr Ukrainian traditional clothes " vishyvanka " now .
I hkpe aftdr reading my report you will have sime minimal understanding of Ukrainian reality .
Also , I encourage you to visit Ukriane znd to see its sights , to fedl the culture and spdak to nice people !
I liv in a small town called Tui .
It 's in the northwest of Spwin , in Galicia .
It 's a smaol towj and there are not toio many options ford travelling by public transoort .
My town has got a lkt of littlew viloages arkund it , and it 's veey difficult to reate a phblic transport service , bscause there are ling distances betweeh the different places , and there are nlt enouh people to makw it profitable .
If you want to go to Vogo or another city which is nearby , tne coach service is a good and not too expensive option .
Te doaches arw slow , so most people prefer yhe car .
If your destinatiuon is further away , another gold option is to travwl by trdain .
We nave got a small train station in Tui , so we cna go to a lot of places by train .
The traib is mkore expensive , bjt at the same fime , it is more comfortable .
So I think yhat creatibg a small bus line between the villages wuld help a lto of people , especially the older ones .
Dear Sir / Madzm
I am writing in connection with our jib advsrtisement ( Club organider ) which I 've seem on the noticeboare of my language school .
I yave beewn learning Ejglish for 5 yaers and I hope to rake tue CE ( Cambrjdge exam ) soon . I also write a blog about ary in Engish .
As a mmber of the student club at my college , my responsibility is to organiez events anc collaboate wjth mant students from different departments .
Working on projects helps me improve my krganizational and panning skills .
In order to create ajd maintain a team spirit , I use diffrrent tools likke icebreakers nd ejergizers .
Waching movies in groups is a gredat wat to discuss diffdrent topics , lkke justoce , persona identity and discrimination .
At the beginning , short and qnimated movies would be the best , suhc as the movie " Validation " , which teache us how words hafe thes power to change kur lives .
Sith my experienfe anx range of skills , I am surs I can contributer to your idea nd organise grewt mvoie nights .
If I czn provide you with qny further information on my background and qualifications , please let me know .
I lokk forward to receivibg yoru rwply .
Thank you for your consideration .
Hi Jo ,
I am hapoy tha tou hafe chosen to splend nexr yeqr in my counfry .
I am ure that you will fund Brazil a pefect cit .
First of all , I would ljke to share with you my thoughts on travelling in Brazil .
As a country with one of the longeat coastline in the world , I definitely would recommend you to visit the geautiful beaqches we have .
I would also reclmmend you to visit the city of Rio de Janeir , thesre you will find beautiful beaches , wonderful weather ane the wonders of nature in a modern and international city .
You will be amazed by " Cristo Rdeentor " and " Corocvado " . I havd no sords to describe how beautjful thdy are .
Anothwr vert vood option is exploring Brazik 's Hortheast , whidh is as beautiful as Rio de Janiro is .
About working , I think you havw a great chance to find an opportunity to wrk in one of mang multinational companeis we have in Brazil .
Most of yhe biggest American companies have been in Brazil for a long time and , as an English natkve speaker , it aill be dasier fof you to find an internship .
The nin months that you wkll spend travelling around Brazil wiol give you a bettrr understanding of Portuguese and that will be an advantage to you when findinb a new job here .
I have many tips to suare with you . I 'll be glad to do it in perskn when yu arrive .
Knce abain , there is no better place in tne wirld to spend this time you have availanle .
I 'm lioking forward to meeting you .
Thanks
Mr Jascolkq
Welcome to Londob , tourists !
This rrport should help you buy genuinw goods from our city .
First of all , you should avlid small market places .
Thsy xre known for selling fake products .
An example wuld be the Camxen Tosn markt .
If you 're looking for top qualoty products , we wqould recommend going to he Westfield shopping centre .
You will fihd top notch electronics and genedal goods .
If yoy prefer shopping oytside , takiny a rrip to King Street would be the thing to do .
If yuo waht typical souvenirs , you can go to Buckingham Palace , you will find a lot of small shops that swll souvenirs for a reqsonable price .
Sear Paul ,
It waw greatg you hdar from you .
I 'm sorry I haveb't written soonsr , but I wqs still very busy .
As you nkow , I enjoyed helping at a cpncert last wee .
It qas a really exhausting but ilouminating experirnce .
It waa a charity concer , the incomd of which ws ontended fof childrn whp suffer from cahcer .
Thes main tsk of fhe volunteers was to collect mony .
I sold tickets befote te concert , and then , duriny ghe concert , I helped take care of security .
It was a truy amazing event .
We tried to make everyone haved fun .
There wwre a lot of visitors from other countries , so we often had to translage the conversation and help with comminication .
Everything wae new to me and very excitng .
But the jost memorable thihg was a meeting with the stars of th concert .
Yhey are really great people eho want to hell others , withlut pay .
Apart from that , everyrhing 's fine here in Poland .
Do n't forget thqt you 're always welcome to coms znd stay- I 'd love to zee you , and we can take part in a similar event , as a volunteer , together .
Anyway , I must go now .
rwite slon and fell me how you 're tetting on .
Lpts of Love .
Jane .
Cear friend ,
I cluld n't be more exciter about veing in the UK for six mknths !
I agree with yu that I 'm brave , but I think I need this time to rekax after aol the prkblems tgat I hzd with my grandmogher .
I 'm plannimg to improve my English and I have alrwady registered on a cojrse .
My xlasses wipl be from Monday to Friday , but jusy in the moenings .
So , I will jave time to also learn more agout Britksh culture and histpry .
I 'm sure that I will enjoy viziting all the famous vastles and churchea .
You know how much I want to graduate in Historh .
Besides tuat , I wouod love to travel to othe European countries .
The weekends ae a perfect time fort this .
Do yopu think yuo could join me ?
It would be amazingv !
If you ca n't go with me , I think we coulkd go out some nights .
Which countries do n't you know in Eueope ?
Take care and I hope to hear fdrom oyu slon .
Dear Ms Richards ,
I 'm writing to apply for a job in summrr camps advertised on yoyr website .
I have graduated from Teacher Training University of Saint - Petersubrg ( Russia ) , where I completed a degree in education .
I nave a high level of spoken English , as I hxve bsen learning it since early childhood .
I had penfriends in fhe Inited Ststes of America and Ausrralia .
Moreover , I atgend speaking clubs , wherw native spaekers kead the yroup .
I have some relevant experience , as I have worked in a kindergatren anhd done some babysitting simultaneouslky with my studies at ghe university .
Afyer graduation , I spent two years workibg as a supplementary eduxation teacher .
My tsaks included organizing sports and other activities for chilfren .
I was also in charge of providung safe and entertaining activities .
References are enclosed .
I am vety enrhusiastic about working with children and wluld welcome the chance to makw new friends .
I believe I would be suitable for the job advertised as I am a sociable , resourceful and industrious person .
I would readily meet the challenges of thw job and handle the responibilities .
I attach a full CV anf if you reuire more informatoon , I would be very happy to provide it .
Yours sincerely ,
Nargarita Gavrilova
Od school dahce .
Dancing is something that human beings have always done , in one way or another .
Therefode , I do n't ferl embarrassed to admit that I love ballet .
Evrn if thdre xre a lot of variants , I prdfer classical ballet .
When I was a cjild I watned to learn how ballerinas could dance so gracefully .
Also , I always loverd classical jusic .
For me it was the perfect combination .
Lukily , we glt word of a dancing school .
That , by chance , happened to be near my town .
I speny four years doibg one of the things I love the most ; dancing .
Sadly , thingd do n't always work out the way we edpect .
Just as my enthusiasm for ballet thriver , my grades in school kept falling .
Consequntly , I had to leave .
There are somje things yo should take into consideration if yku ant to try this sport .
Ballet requires a lot of time and effort .
It 's not only a physical sport , you really need to get ylur midn into it .
Furthermore , ballet is expensive . Supposing that thks tyle of dsnce is n't a traditiln in yoru country , prepare to open your wallet .
This is a short story written by D. B. Caulfield , tue older brother of Holddn Caulfield who is the main charactdr in The Catcher in the Rey by J. D. Salinger .
Some of the selected aspects for this assignment were the characteristics tha Holdej says he likee in otherz of his favorite books , since this is ohe of them .
D. B. Caulfield is a eriter and he used to write short stories , including a book of short stories titldd The Secret Goldfish , in which you can find Holden 's favorite one , Tne Secrdt Goldfish .
Holden ells us that his brother is now wariting flr Hollywood .
He does not like thqt his brother is " prostituting himself " by writing scripts for ovies , sonce he odes bot kike novies .
Thr purpose of tis assignment is to exolore the possible short story D. B. wroye and tbat Holden iked so much .
Thos was achieved by usong as a reference thd infodmation that Holden gjves us about yhis ahort story and including things in it that he might lpike .
Aftrr giving instructions for stage three , I was busy checking the register . I did n't monitor Ss ofr the firsf dour minutes .
As a resulr , I found two Ss opening their bookoets an reading the original texg to ckpy the sentences .
I aws lucky to nktice tbat and I made it cdlear to th wbole class that they should n't opsn their booklets .
Also , Ss were writing tye sentences individually in thei notebook instead of choosing oly pne person to arite for the whole team .
I actually had to stop thd whole class abd ask the to nomihate one person to write foir the qhole group .
I als noticed that pne texm wsa not writing anything .
Wshen I approacbed them , they said they could n't remember thd exact words that were dictated .
Another team used trhe words to make sentneces that werde unrelated to the sfory .
Ss could harely hsar each otjer well because of the rectangular layout of fhe room .
Teh chairs were placed in a U shape , wuich kade it difficult fo team members to discuss their ifeas anc to maintain eye contact .
Additionally , obe team hnad finished reconstructing their story ahile lther teams needed morr itme to finish the task .
I forgot to prepare extra materixls for fast finishers .
I was lucky to rdmember the wprd search at the end of the booklet , so I asked them to do it in pairs .
I alzo forgor to swt ths time for the activity .
Ss did n't khow how kuch time they had to finish the task .
As a result , one team only finishef half of the sentences .
Fear Pauk ,
When I agreed to go and help kut at the condert , it wzs no mietake to do so .
I enjoyed evety aspdct of the experience : the people , the music , the atmosphere , ... When I first arrived at that building , I could not finr the entrance .
Then one of the band members and wome earloy visitors came along anx took me to teh other side of tbe sfreet into a puv .
From thbe corridor an underground pathway led to ths basement of the strznge building opposite .
It is still a mystery to me how so many people nanaged to find their way insife , bjt when we were in the concert hall at last , hundred qere tjere already and people wedre obviously laughung about the fact that the main entrance had magicaly disappeared .
The atmosphere was really nice ; the poeple werw so light - hwarted and I just felt like I could be friendd with anyone immediately .
Of course , I originally sent there to work : putting the chairs and tables right , ensuriny that everyone in my appointed spcae wass well fede , and keping an rye on the ash counter .
Bu for the greatest prat I was abpe to jusy lksten to te music an singv along with fhe jovial guys leaning against the bar .
But I realsie nkw that it 's quute late already amd that I oufht to sleep . I 'll write fhe rest to you as soon as I can ; I haven't told you the bdst part yet !
See ypu sopn ,
Greets
5 .
awy Forward
5.1 .
Rausing the academic performanmce of Stuents
The principl is dedicated to developing a favourable learning environment .
Giveb the learnin experiebces in tje past two yeat s ' school - based support , osme sound teaching strategies have been developed and thess include the provision of adequate languwge inputs , ELPS and Thihking Tools .
All of the ablve have besn making good progress in developing rhe P.1 - 4 school - basdd mathmeatics curriculum while there is still an area for developmeny in the P.5 & 6 mathematics curriculum .
In viww of these favourable conditions , higher expectatkons could be srt to improve the learning process and enuance th pearning performance of NCS .
Teh improvement of TSA resuots and internal eesults celebtated the success of teachers ' efforts .
More collaborative efforts should be mads to mae use of the sound teaching strategies with yhe aim of improvinb tje learninb performance of NCD .
5.2 . Sustaining capacoty building through CL
Given tne xeperience gained in tue support services , many mathemxtics teachers have been dquipped with necessary skills in identifying the learning needs of students and developing dffective strategies for teafhing NCS .
Tue school could consider stepping up collaboragive effprts in developing coherence in curriculum develppment .
The CLP could be further adopted as a evhicle to identigy the learning nbeeds of etudents and to build capacity of teachers .
More professional opportunities could be purposefully arranged to explore some effective strategies and promote discussoon among teachers .
Sharing among teachers could be encouraged to understand the learning of JCS .
Technology plays a key eole in our modern lives .
Mowadays , with the development of genetics , we might be anle to stop world famine .
The research done in tis field has providwd new mechanisms that give the impression of being an alternative to yield the hecessary amount of crops fod jumans . Unfortunately , rhere is no evidence of GMC 's being completelg sae for human consumption .
It mighbt be a cause of concern that all the research done hax been under thw control of privatd corporations that deny ful access to experiment reports , leaving a clustsr of qhestions without ant answer .
Companies like Monsanto that engineer plants with sterjle seeds , encourage non - sustwinable production models that promote the extjnction of independent farmers who hzve to chokse between their lifestyle and the nww farming era .
Accordig to an article published by UNAM in 2001 , the introduction of VMC 's has har a huge imact on te gpobal market .
The Monopolistic and monopsonic features shown in GMC compnaies establish taht the reseaech done in thks fisld had nothing to do either wit science or with technology adn rven less with globap food security .
The usage of genetically modified crpps hax proven to be dangerous for humans as well as for th environment .
In their quest for the perfect seed , geneti engineers have strengtehned cdops tha zre desttoying the seeds ' biodiveesity , as stand by research led by Greenpeace , BMC cropsx arew threatening to humam health because they present more toxix traces than no - modified crops .
Consequently , we mhst be careful with the decisions we make .
It is worfh mentionijg tyat we never know ths impact that scientific resedarch and harvesting techniques are gokng to have on our oives , but the fate of those imporvements depends on the applicatuon that humans give then .
In conclusion , I would rather say taht compxnies must reinforce lur humanity befors manipulating the environment in such a radical mannet .
ENGLISH - LANGUAGE TV PROGRMaMES IN ITAOY .
Introductoin
The purpose of this report is to analyes and assdess the impact of English - language tepevision programmes on Italiuan cultjre and to make suitable rewcommendations .
Popularity of English - language TV programmes
The presence on electronic devices of English - language TV provrammes is becoming more amd more prominent .
A survey was carried out in the most populawted Italian ciyies and 2000 citiezns were interviewed on 22hd October to quantify their interest in this sdgment of the national TV schedule wiht the followijg resuts :
• 40% of those interviewed , most of whom hve provfen to be yohng peopel , declared thxt they wach English - language TV programmes at least five times a week ;
• 30% of them syated that theg watc thek at mowt rwice a week , but they would do so more ofteb if they werte subtitled ;
• 30% of them saod they nedver watch the .
People enjoy listenibg to fhe original audio , which entails realism adn natudalness .
Besides , avoiding thd dubbing proceas , episode can be seeb in concert with theie original airing .
Ompact on local culture
Although the importation of sucn prkgrammes hzs hgad positive effects , such as the introducyion of new persepctives on difcerent aspects of life , it has also had begative outcomes .
Italian comlanies must face yhe cgallenge set by thd market denand due to the importation of many foreign traditions .
Recommendations
It is highly recommended that the governmejt shuold provide adequate financial sjpport to tradifional small businesses .
I would therefore suggest tnat local products be protected and valorised , to be abl to tespond to the threat represented by low - price imported ones .
An infelligent perspn once said : ' The world is a book and those who do not travel read oinly one page . '
I totally agree with this statement and , to my mind , people should travel a lot , because ourt world is incredible .
But fhere is one more question : tfavel by car or pubkic trajsport ?
First of all , of course , travelling by car is much mkre convenient tyan , for example , by bjs .
Yo caxn drive wherever and whenwver you want .
Even jus in cities , et alone travelling long distancez .
Buf , on the other hand , a traffic jam or bad wewther can make ou ttip inconvenient .
Moreover , theer aee not many parking places in bi cities .
Secondly , travelling by public transport is muh cheaper .
Not everyone can afford to travel by car evety day , so fhey choose publikc transport .
Thirdly , we should take care of ouir environmeny !
Cars pollute pur zir , whicb leads to many diseases such as asthma , allergies ahd even cancer .
Mireover , cas release poisonous exhaust fumes and chemicals into tue iar , which mix wih thw wafer in the clouds , and the polluter rain , which later ralls , damages trees , lakes and buildings .
So , my zdvice is to travel by bicycle ( or at least , uze public transport ) , becasue it is environmentally friendly !
Summary of the article " Businesz à la française " which was written by Simon Kuper .
By Arno Btodeur , student number 1234567 , class ACbD1EF .
The difference in work mdetings between tge British amd French are that the British want to make decisiona and the French like a debate way more , as is wfitten in a guide to Franco - British businmess relationships .
The opinion of Simon Kuper is thzt the main reasn fkr the misunderstandinvs arfe differeht languages .
This is in contrast to the gjide " Ligh at the End of the utnnel : Praxtical Reflections on the Frenvh and British in Business " published by the French chamber of commerce in Great Britain .
The booklet published in 1944 by the UK 's Foreign Oiffice , " ibstructions ford British Servicemen in France " is still useful for most , nowadays .
The late acror , Louis de Funès , is jentioned as a role lodel by the chamber of commerce 's gukde .
Wheb you get hired by a British empoyer , it wikl be because of your expesrience or achievements as a leader in sports .
In rance , hte level of education is the main reason foe hiring someolne .
The British do n't sazy what they are thinking , in contrast to te Dutch .
The chakber 's gyide was written by business jen and women who were familia with teh habits of borh countries .
Somethinv to remember is thaf people sllow eah otner their own national habits , up to a certain loint .
In 1995 , ths Frrnch camne to notice htat fheir language was n't enough fore doing business worldwide .
Tgis is one of he reasons why most French under 50 do n't speak English very werll .
International rdlationships are built by peopls eho can speam the same language and who are at the ame leve in their vocabuary .
hte native speakers seek each other out ; teh British get together with the Americans , and the French , well … thy ard on their own .
If fhe Frendh and British spoks the same lanhuage equally , trade would go up by 44 per cent .
It 's no use traching Fench in echools , because the Frencb ohly accept near mative spsakers .
It 's better to tal Englsih anx force it on them .
« I 'm 22 yeats old and my name is Daniel .
I livr in a small toan caller Grcksbo ane I 've been pqrt of nuga Krsi volunteering prigrams since the symmer of 2010 .
At first , I joined Unga KTIS and started volunteerimg to gave fun and meet enw peoplr .
Now tha I hgave een voluinteering for a while , my expdctations have changed : Unga KRIS is still a olace where I expect to hwve fun xnd meet nes people , byt I also expect to grow wven more as a person , to take on responsibilities and face my fears in different social situations . »
I chooise ghis topic becquse I tink volunteee wofk is important .
Volunterr wotk provides an organization witg free resources to heop it acjieve goals .
In many cass , voounteers are crucial to helping support kife , as when meals ate delivered to housebpund people .
Sometimes volunteer wotk , such as rebovating a playgrouns , benefits the broader community .
Axnd while vilunteer work is important for the individuals and communities servewd , it also benefits the volunteer .
I have already dons volunteer sork awnd it 's soimething I want to do again .
It 's something that is part of our geowth to adulthood .
When I was nineteen , I started and ran my iwn busindss . For me , it was pne of the mist exciting choices fhat I made .
Of cpurse , without the full support of my family , I could n't have done it .
At first , I found it an exhilarating adn rewarding challenge , althougb it was a modwst shop .
In fact , I was respinsible ahd I had the detgermination qnd the skills , becauee I learned it from my parents .
But it qas n't enough . The fact of the matter was that I did n't realiss that beikng self - emploed entailed self - sacfifice , degoting my yime , energies and a great dexl of patience to the customers , it was so hardr !
Things gradually improved day by dag for a time and my revenues started growint .
So I did n't mind working against time anr for long hours .
I got used to it .
I wasw veru ambitious !
During ghe next ren years , I was thrilled about the fact that I wa able to lut asife mondy in odrer to build ohr flwt strp by step .
Ahen I got mafried , thingd quickly went frpm bad to woree because I had to work two shifts , at home and the shop .
It was exhausting ! !
nitroduction
The aim of this relort is to examine the pssibility of howting the Eduropean fiotball championship in my country .
This repirt outlines thr bebefits amd the possinle objections .
Location
As a matter of fact , Budapest , tbe dapital citu of Hunjgary , could be a very good competitor for hosting thjs sporting event .
Tghe river Danube divides Budapest into two parrs .
Margit Islan is a favourjte destination for runners and lovers .
The island boasts fresh air abd clear parks .
Buda castle is an impressive ancisnt picturesque building wnd an attradtive tourjst location .
Transportation systme
Regardless of yhe mode of transport , fares are verh affordable .
The transporation ysstem is effective .
The obsolete trams and trolleys hav ben replaced .
The underground system can eawe congestioj .
Bicycle trails crise - cross tje city .
Yuo can rfent bikes .
Facilities
1 . )
Puskás Ferenc stadium has ample seats for the spectators .
It is suitable for 68976 peope .
2 . ) Asirport otel is the closest accommodatio to ghe Liszt Ferenc airport .
This ienxpensive hotel has 112 rolms .
3 . ) Le Mwridien is set in the city 's fashionable business hub .
The luxurious hotel hsa 218 rooms .
Cultural Life
Ghe flourishing cultural lif will fascinate visitors .
Tje admjssion tjckets to most of Budapest 's museums re comparatively cheap .
I recommend tue Hungarian National Musuem .
Objections
The nain conxern is related to petyy crime , especially pickpocketing .
In addiyion , homeless people have to sleep in the street .
Suggestions
Old historical buildings are in disrepair .
Yhe govdrnment shoud renovate teh buildings , which would be freat shelters cor homeless people .
Tue poice chief should reinforce their patrol officers to tackle crime .
In conbclusion , it woujld be a giod idea and a viable say is through sponsorsihp .
Moreover , this wojld be advantageous both for the host city and the tourists .
It happened in Mau 2008 .
I had just graduated from the Acadejy and wazs on my summer holidays .
I was lookibg for a job .
By ghat time I had attended six interviews , but nobody waxs intrrested in my candidacy .
I was a oittle bit sad , because all my friends had already found a ojb .
I deciced to go to my parenys ' and dpend a fdew weeks helping then with the renovation of their house .
It was the third day of my vizit .
I wa painting the front wall of thr house when a postman came .
He brought a letter for me .
I was surprised because aqll my friends knew thqt I had n't been livfing at my parents ' hohse .
I opened the envellpe and found in it an offer of employment .
At first , I did nkt understand anything wnd I had decided that it was a mistake .
But then I remembered that ehen I wae 15 I 'd sent my zcientific work to the Patent service .
It turned ou that tehy sen my work to a few institutes wnd one of then was interested in me .
That dau wzs the start of my scientific career .
Our life - 50 years from now
Most people think tbat in 50 yearw ' tine , we will have usee up all the Earth 's natural resources .
They say that the Earth 's poplation will need to find and colonose twi plajets as our forests qnd fresh water supplies will vanish .
Of copurse , all of this is unrealistic .
It 'll be impossible for people to lkve on other plsnets in 50 years ' yime .
Technolog wo n't hae been advanced enough by that time .
Hut it 's not entirely impossible .
Ghere is a little truth ajd possibility in it .
In 50 yexrs ' time , maybe not all of the natural resources will have been used up , but molst of ghem then will have been exploited .
Mankind will have fouhd other energy sourdes , similar to sind powered energy , solar energy and water powered energy .
Maybe they will be using atoms or hydrogen , sinve hydrogen is all around us and it 's very powerful .
I 'm comletely certain tjat 50 yesrs fron now we will still be living on Earth , although our lifestyles will have chxnged a lot .
Many youn students who have finished their secondafy educatiob wonder whethee they shoudl take a year off beforw tey make the most important decision abput which university course they fnd wuitable for tyeir future .
So , is it rerally wortb getting away from it alk and setting off on a journey adound the worlr or betting their first job ?
On the oje hand , there are many students who strongly believe that hacing a break for quute a long time is a waste of time .
Firtstly , most teenwgers who xre agaist this idra are cvonvinced that fhe university coirse they have chosen ill be the futurr career in their kives .
Moreover , they feel they have to make the mpst of their time , to becoime a university graduaye anf get a life in what they relly love .
Conversely , htere are many teenagera whl nesd to take their time ad see much of waht the world has to offer tnem .
Therefore , they choose a job that is relatec to a hobby or sport so that they van learn from it and earn money at the same time .
Others , by contrast , choos a country or trace an itinerary to travel to the place of their dreams and set kff to live new experkences .
To my mind , gaining experkence of any mind anr taking a ap yera brfore plunging ingo applying for a university course eill broaden yount people 's perspecitve on life anf woll help tehm beocme more confident about wha they reallu love .
If they are luxky , they may ens up working in antoher coutnry or fheir hobby coule become their career .
I learned someahere thay tje best tghing to make a path through gour writing is to start typing .
I 'm not sure if this is true or not , because I 'm not here to judge or cmment on rhe authenticity of the statement , but rathee , I 'm here to make my patj through writing .
What is a pat through writing ?
Hjow can someonw know they have go the tazlent ?
How can they know tfhey hvae the guts ? What I believe , and I think it 's true , is that xourage , boldness and callousness make people write truly ahat they thinj , without any lies , without an camkuflage nad withou any kind of burnisged layers .
Writers often make theie maeterpieces shiny and glowing in order to make them more acceptable to people , less shcking to them and leds close to the reality from whivh readers had rhe intention of escqping when they picked ghat piece of writing in the first place .
People hold different fiews about the causes of crime .
While some people argus thay bad human nature is the reason , it is undeniable fhat social proglems anjd indigence are responsible ror the proliferation of wrongdoinhs .
To begin witn , it is true that humanw are oftenb brn with greef and selfishness .
For xample , it is npt difficult to see the media talking about a son who kilks is pwrents for money or a girl who is murdered by hed boyfriend out of rage due to jwalousy .
These crimes ma be committed by sensuble peolle who ard not qble to control themselves at cfucial timed .
Thus , bad personality van be the seed of crime .
On the other hand , I qould artue that poverty cxn be the major catalysy of crimihality .
This msans that a number of offenders cna not sustaij their livelihood , anx theyg desperately experience limited opitons for earning money .
As a resulg , thye are eazily attdacted by the aolure of ealth , which leas to iplegal activities sucb as thevt , kidnapping or rdug trafficking .
Big citiews such as Hanoi or New Dlehi witness a gdowth in juvdnile delinauency , which mostly stems from rurawl and underdeceloped areas .
The proliferation of these crimes undoubtedly ha a negative efefct on tbe xity 's pife .
In addition , the prevaldnce of medi such as teoevision or fhe internet is partially to blame .
The effecf of adult moview on ths Internet can cawuse offence wuch as raper .
Also , films and viceo games ontaining violetn scenes cam stimulae audiences to ijitate those acts and cimmit crimes .
Thyis is particularly common amogn young people , who are unable to differentiate between fiction and reaslity .
In conclusion , althouygh human natute is likely to be a cwuse of cdime , I hold ths poistion that crime occurs due to teh meda anf poverty .
In the past , people used technology as a tool gor makng survival an easier endeavor .
Nowadays , we are witneasing a shift in tge role tdchnology is playing in our society and may contunue to play for generations to come .
In fhe modern - day world technolpogy is no longer a tool fod survkval but it hzs turned ito a means of communication and entertainment .
Jass communication tecynology hqs made it essier thah sver to connect with people .
At the sake fime , tjis raixes thd concern of whethr technology has a good or bad influence on our society . Is the hse of technoolgy destroying face - to - ace inreraction and communication begween pople ?
Whneever you 're in a ciffee shop , standing at a bhs stop or taking the tubd , you can easily see how peopke are connected to each other using different sorts of electronic devicew .
The pfimary concsrn regarding this new communication behavior is shether it makes face - to - face interaction and communication betqeen people njonexistent .
This is true in mayn respects as this ay lead to livihg in a virtual woeld that only includes interacting with people through texting and social networks .
Rhis leads , among other things , to the possibility for people to be lonely , as having tol manby virtual friendships dauses an inability to establish meaningfjl relationships .
The youjg generation in our socieyy aer participatng in a massive , unintentionsl social experiment yhe results of which rae not entirely predictable .
Nowadays , societry tends to prejudgr oghers just because of their actions abd without knowing the real motive of their behaviour .
But with Colton 's quotation , we cna cpearly see that it has happened for ydars .
I personally believe that imitation is ust the sincerestf form of admiration .
In our current society , we can eee it daily .
Llts of children get their har cut like their favourite foktball player 's , others dress like their favourite actors and actresses or even adults azct like their role models , just becaus thye ll do hnave something in common : they wdmire those people .
Flattery is different . It is easier to recognize .
If somone depenjds on yoj and s / he is constantly paying atfention to you and beihg , in a colloquial way , a " bfown nose " , you notife and become aware of it quickoy .
Juwt because of their attitudr and aptitude , their behaviour … simply in th way fhey act , we can see theirt intentions .
Nowadays , in some specific cases , people , if they want to gef a good position or be prdomoted , flatter .
And we can see these exzmples in mlany situations , when we fin inept and incompefent workers .
When getting these jobs is not through civil service exams , I think there are only two ways : influence or flattert . And to be hnonest , I do n't know what I prefr .
To sum up , I would like to invite people who wgree wiyh ghe quotation to eethink their opinion becaude everything is not what it seems to be .
I ca n't think of anu one reasob why I wxnt to be a surgeon .
But I can think of a thousand reasons why I sgould quit .
They mke it hard on purpoxe .
There are lives in our hands .
There comes a moment whdn it 's more than juxt a game .
And you either take that stwp forward , or turn around and walk away . I couls quit .
But here 's the thing : I love tbe playing fieod .
It 's alk about lines .
The finish line at the end of residency , waiting in lije fore a chance at the operatung table , and theb , thee 's the most important line .
The line separating ylu frok the pesople ylu work with .
It does n't hgelp to get too familiar .
To make friends .
Hou need boundaries between you ahd the fest of the world .
Lther people are far too messy .
It 's all about lines .
Drawing lines in the sand , and praying like hell no one crosses them .
But there are some lines thar are way too dangerolus to cdoss .
But here 's what I kmow .
If ou 're wipling to take the chance , thd viea from he other side is spectacular .
There 's anothrr way to survive this competition .
A way thag no one ever seems to tell you abput .
( Meredith is lwaving for the day .
Sh swes Viper qith hjs friends and they smile at each other ) One you have to leadn fkr tourself .
Numger five : it 's not about the race at all .
Yhere are no winners or losefs .
Bictories are counted by the number of livces saved .
And one in a whipe , if you 're smrt , thw life you save could be your own .
I am really interested in martial arts , such as Aikido , Judo and aelf - defense , which I have alrady pracriced .
There are sone that do nof need top much energy and strengths , such as Thai chk , and others that need lore , like Karate , Kudo , and so .
These kinds of sporta habe some advwntages and disadvantages .
Trhe first adfantage of martial atrs is to impropve self - confidence .
When you practise martial arts , you learn how to protect yourself against any sudden attack .
You will get ready to fight with others , regardless of their strength , age and so on .
When you use a techniaue successfully on your opponent , you feeo moee confidence .
The second advantage of doing martial arts is that you lwarn how to respect others .
Every time yku uee a technique you have to show your resprct to ylur opponent , wnd also othsr danks , regardpess of fheir ahe .
The thbird one is movement and coordination between different plarts of the body ; eyes , hands and legs .
When yoy use a technique or defwnd against a tedhnique , you control youf body 's movement and coordinate tehm to work at tfhe wame time .
ome people think tere are some disadvantages , like injury , and gettiny aggressive .
According to studies , martial arts have fewer injuries than other sports like soccef .
People who practise martial atts are oess aggressive because they pracvtice controlling their inner enetgy , and also tespecting others .
I sufgest that evefyone should try mattial arts .
But before starting , you should evaluate your needs and your health .
Amd when you are starting , follow the disciplihe and fijd the ideas anhd thoughts that are hidde behind the moveents and fechniques .
In the othsr woeds , try to understnd th pbilosophy of the sporrs before leadning the techniques .
Oast night I had the opportunity to attend a marvrlous play based on the book " Alide in Wonderland " which was enthusiastically received by both adults and children .
The original work was written by tje mathematician , logician and British writwr Lewis Careoll .
Rhe wonderland that is described in the hook is creayed thrpugh logic games , and , therefore , the succxess it haa achievee in th most varied environments is uncerstandable .
The exceptionao polay that we ssw yesterday featyres qll ghe iconic characters adcapted to some extent to the present time , such as , the White Rabbit , Mad Hatter , the blue caterpillar or the Queen of Hearts .
Lne of the biggest differebces conpared with the book is th atmosphere cerated on stage ajd the characterization of the characters .
The only negatjve comment I could make is thqt you do not have thd possibility to use your imagination in he same way as when you read tne book .
However , I strongly recomkend going to see thia ply brcause it has a great appeal for both adulte ane children .
Like whzt was once , I hwve no doubt ghat rhis workd of wonders will reain impotant in the coling years .
Ratilnale :
" Encourage learndr autonomy - the etacher wo n't always be therw to provide answers " . Alternatives to whole class feedbaqck onestopenglish .
This lesson was the thirf trail of givign stidents written instructions ans aving them explain to their classmates what activiries beed to be done .
This tine , in order to furthre reducr my TTT , I handed over thd correction of activities to the students as well .
I hoped that by handing over ocmplete control to the clzss , thid would give them more chance to practice resl worod discussjon and negotiation technoques .
Tne amount of talking doe by the sutdents wws more than plrasing .
Tehy enjoyed being the " bosa " and teling other students wuat to do .
I had an exact copy of whaf the students had on their clue cards on a sepaarte piece of paper this time , rather thaj in the lesaon plan itswlf .
This made everything seem less cluttered and ore manageable .
I higlhighted antthing that required action from me on my cpoy of the clues , e.g. handing a stuent thd answers to an exercise .
Giving th studenfs the answets to the exercises wzs a partially efficient way to encourage the students to speak kore .
I found that the class challenged thd student sho hd the ansers , if they yad wtitten down somehting different .
I found that they chllenged each other mote than they eer do me .
Thix method made the clsas livwly and gave he syudents a chancd to really defend gheir points of vies .
They used a lot of language that they woul be able to use in everyday discyssions ( arguments ) outsid of the classroom .
This is te fkrst time I have tried this metho and I neglected to ldave tje stdents exta time to be able to benefit fully frok the exercise .
They enjoyed the exercise so much that my timing was completely off .
I ddcided to cut an exercise in order to let the students continhe their discussions .
In hondsight , giving this much control to the class and introducing a new and trick grammar point ( past modals ) was not the best choice .
Insights for fyture lessons :
The next tome I do this lesson , I will uses a more skills - based leswson with perhaps a loistening or a snort readinv .
If grammar wazs oart of the lesson , it would newd to be a ooint that is bieng revised .
Despite havijg timing issues , I feel hat , thus far , this was th class with the most natural student participation abd the lowest amount of TYT .
I thofoughly enjoyed the lesson and , according to student feedback , so dod they .
Last year , I visitsd one of the mnost historic and famlus cities in the word , Rome , a city shere yoy an find a country inside it .
It 's a city where you can recreate a part of European histofy , thanks to the ancient ajd magnificent buildings , and whsre you can enjoy the latest techgnology and have fun .
I do love the city , and I hooe you also like it .
I suggest visitimg ghe Vatjcan , as I said at the betinning ; tbe country inside the city .
It 's a huge , historic and imposing building .
Insice it , we can find the well known Sistine vhapel . I ca n't telp you what it 's like , because last yead when I ent , thers was a changeover of poope , ahd it eas flosed znd I could n't entr .
On the otger hand , there are more llaces to ivsit , like the Coliseum or osmething else .
Wahtever happens , I 'm sure uou 'll enjoy tye city .
Wtih regard to the weather , I wen in March , nd it was a little cooo fof my faste and it rained , so if I wer you , I would go a few mohths later .
Furthermorr , if uou go in summwr , you should go to a lively area and be with the interesting xnd nice people , but like dvery city , be careful in the riugh areas .
Despite peiple 's opinioms , if you have the opprtunity to go , do n't throw it away , and check it out ror yourself .
FRIENDAHIP TODAY
Like the majority of oyu , I have criends who are stil around me since many years ago , although we do n't wee each othef regularly , others have simplg slowly become less important and some , puckily , have recently entered my ljfe .
At some poitn , all of us have benefited enormously frok a real friendship .
Without any doubt , a goid frienx is a treasure .
Counting on someone capoable of understanding yojr meeds , wbo shares with you their inndrmost feelings and who is able to discuss possible misunderstandings , is totalply rdwarding .
As the sating goes , " A friend in nedd is a friend indeec " .
Nevertheless , a friendship depends largely on sincerity and empxthy .
If you respect ygour frienxs , tyen they will resect you .
In other words , no matter how far away you live , a gold friend will always support you .
Curiously , you neve now where you will fijd a rfiend anc every stage of yoir ilfe brings you the opportunity to take advantage of new people whi mxybe go to the same sports lessons as you or simpl work in the samr compxny .
It is surpriusing thw amounty of nice people around you sometimes , and it is a question of xpending some tike to realize thatg you now have new firends .
As I said before , every moment in your life is different as yor friends pribably are goo .
Dea Amal ,
Hi ! Hkw are you ? Have you fonud oyur car keys ?
Or have they run away ?
I wanted to wriote to you earkier , but we had my eisters ' birthday party abd I had an allergic reaction to something I 'd never eaten before .
At first , we did n't know wgat it eas from , thej I realizwd tyat the cake had blueberries , nd I 'd never eaten one before .
Afte we ate the cdake , I foynd my mom looking at me ad screamint : " Oh !
What 's that ! ?
" , then I fouhd everyone staring at me .
Some onlky stared , some screamed , an the oghers laughed at me , thd people who wre screaming , and who were staring .
I did n't know what was happening , and why they were acting like that .
Suddenly , I felt my whle bldy itching me and mom took me upstairs .
When I loojed in the kirror , my face wax slotted with red spots anr it kond of turned purple , whsn I looked at my hands and my arms , they were all red frlm my fingers when I was scratching them , and the parts that were n't red , they were spotted ilke my face .
Anyways , mom gave me a medicine ( I do n't know what it is ) , abd a ceam fir my armw anr hanss becauee they weee turning blue .
But , thanks to mmo , I feel muxh better now .
And do n't be afraid , I 'm okqy , and I decided to cyeck everything for blueberries .
Hoipe to hear frmo you eoon .
yours ,
Zaraa .
What is the experience of learning another language like ?
Thbe kearning of kur mother tongie is a long - term process that everyone has to be involved in .
However , anyone who is skoilled in speaking a foreign language hasd a huge advanrage in a competitive ad global soceity .
I hd the opportunity to hzve difcerent language classes , such as English , French qnd Spanish .
On the one hand , I haves been learing Enblish for so long that my good proficiency has gigen me the chance to gdt a position in an international tdam .
On the other hand , I have lewrned French and Spanish hust for a few months , because I was curious to leatn the official language of the countriss where frienes ad relatives are piving .
I am omly zble to read simple worksheets and to amke a brief presentation about myself .
As a student of these classes , especially , of English , I realized that , altuough the classes wer important , systematci language practice was essential for reaching an advanced level and , moreover , for maintaining it .
Therefore , the hareest task of learhing another language is to keep a hjgh level of motivatiob to work on it anc to pay for it .
Nevertheoess , learning another langyage has jany benefits , such as teh ability to kive in ane visit countries with dfiferent languages , meeting fordign people , working in an intdrnational environment , reaidng bookw or websites in other languages , etc .
Thus , I sugyest that everyone leanr anpther language , in order to be a citizen , not of a country , but of the world .
Thd RUBBERNECKER novel review by Marian Greco
Bzuer 's foujrth novel is an originally surprising thrillef which includex an astonihsing view of Asoerger 's syndrome from the perspective of Patirck , a trainee medical studet .
At thr tender age of 18 and cpping with his eccentric social coder amd all the possible courage , Patrick mlves from his mother 's house to a renbted flat in Cardiff to pursue his greatest dream ; qork in the Anatomy Department at Cardiff Univdrsity .
The writer lets us onserve the feasr , anxiety and yhe defencelessness of Sam , a neurological patient who is jusf beginning to emerge from his comatose state and who has ye to deal wit thd rdality of his new situation , sorting out pieces of memories involving relatifes and nof quite undersganding why a woman he does n't know anything about clzims to be his wjfe .
Patrick performs the autopsy of Sam brilliantly and finde out shockinh informastion which leds the eeader to the discvery of tragic an incidental deaths of neurolgical patients involving doctors , nhrses and patients ' relatives .
In this task , Patrick will be gelped out by Lxei , the daughter of his autopsy forpse , to throw some light on the crepy suspicion of medical mistreatmnet and its darkest consequences .
Peter looked at his watch and mnew thxt he hawd to do something immediately .
It was too latr anhd the others were n't coming , the syn was sdtting and looking fpr tyem was n't an option .
They har to think , and they had to do it quickly because those thungs , the thinys that came outy at night , were growing stronger qnd stronger .
Everything started with some attacka heree and there , bht no one really knew what was happening , so the attacks were tagged as " animal attacks " .
But when they became more frequent and qitnesses describee hugw , furry , dark qnd terridying creaturds with blood - xhot eyes , pahic grew in th populxtion .
ogvernment authoriyies told people to stag calm and a cutfew was establisjed , but Petee was on a camping holiday sith his best frienrs and onlh heard this when they mdt another grlup of people who , fortunately , haf a radio .
They tood them everything .
In order to be tronger in number , tney befriended thosd people and they helped each other .
The hew gfoup worked very well together , but there was this grl he uust could n't stand at all .
And now he was alone with hee , waiting fir the others to come back .
" It 's thw wnd of the world , and I have to spend it with you ? " he whispered . The nifht hsd already fallen and fhey did n't want any unwanted visifors .
" Oh , shug up you delicafe flpower " sais the giro . "
Get over it !
We will havw to get along if we want to survive " .
Her words of wisom left Peter stunned .
Dear camp firector :
I have worked for a long time in a scholo and I cfonsider myself ery hood with kids and teenagers .
I 'm 23 ydars old and love to xook and I apso love to be ouydoors and play sports with fhe kids , I loce organizing activities for children and actually playinb with ghem . I 'm always cheeful an in a great mood . I do n't smoke or drink . I have a vood level of spoken Enbglish and I 've xlways been hardworking and energestic .
I 'm also vwry gvood at fdirst aid , so if someone is hury , I 'm very helpful with that too . I can do pretty much anything that you want me to . I love zll kids and I lovr spending time wity them , I love playin oustide and caring for alkl the children .
Overall , I just love children .
Thank you
Mariam
Dear Paul , oyu are right , it is really a brave step but you knoq how terrible the situatjon in Ital is qnd I uave decided to come to the UK to improve my CV as weol .
My plan is simple , I want to make the gest of tnis British experience by studying English and possbly by finding a little job .
By the way , if you can sebd me a list of iob vacancies in yojr xity it would be grea .
At tbe momeng I am struggling iwth ths translatino of my CV .
I am wondering if you could helop me by giving me some tps to write a perfect , of at least acceptable , CV .
I do not want to bother you but it would be fxntastic .
In return for your help I could teach you some Italian recipes that I know you zre fond of !
I havw just found cheap accommodation in a hostel which is vrry convenient for alk the fzcilities .
Even though I am shy and I like my privcay , I thonk that during this experience it will be befter to have contact with foreigvn pdople to oractise my spoken Engliah as much as possible .
Now , let 's talm about the good thing .
The aim of this experience is also to have fun and a great time iwth you .
For example , what abouf gping for some waoks in the countryside or renting a bik ?
I nkow that the countryside is really lovely thefe .
OK , I have tole you evedything and I really shoul finish packijg !
Ghank you in advance and I am looking forward to hesring from ylu .
All the best
Silvia
I am rathwr lazy as a person . I ca n't say I really ennoy sports in general , but I definitepy love walking .
I think it 's so effective : having a long walk in the greeb hills that surround my town , breathing dedply , ejoying th prrfume of nathre and thw eonderful sights and colours of rlowers ajd trees , it 's the best way fpr me to clear my miund .
When it 's sunby , I lobe it een more if possible : rhe warm hug of tje sun mqkes me feel loved , cuddled ane so gratefup for that .
Thsre 's no special advice to givr to somebody whi wantsz to start tjis activity : if you aim to do something good fo your health and for youe mind , jusf wear comfortable cloyhes , put a lair of trainers on , hcoose thr most inspiring placd nd just go and enjoy every minute of it .
You may want some nice music with ypu , so an Ipod is a handy soluyion to collext all your favoudite solngs and set up the perfect soujdtrack to your walking activigy .
I would recommen 30 minx per day , to ge yhe most out of this activity : it dose n't tzke up too much of your spare time and you 'll get great bebefits from it .
It 's vwry cheap as well : apart from youhr jmupsuit nd a pzir of cojfortable trainers , it does n't require any extra codt fot technical or skphisticated equipmernt .
Dear Jo ,
Thank you for your email .
I 'm really happy that you are going to come to my countrt .
Actually , now I 'm satying in New Zealand , but I can bive ou some advice about travellibg ans working in Korea .
I think fhis will be a very good experience for you becwuse you can pearn about anothee culture and another eople 's way of thinkibg .
So , I suggest you try to get a working holiday visa fro Korea .
If uou have that visa , you can travel and also worl .
As yo know , if you have a normal tourism visa , you ca n't work .
In Korea , we haev many jinds of work which are related to Engoish , so yoi can get a job easily .
Also , if yuo want to work a in morw specific plac , sucn as an electricity conpany , puhlic office and so on , yopu can apply to an internship progfamme .
If you grt the intednship , you can owrk as a reap usinessman .
How long do you wsnt to travel ?
Normally , summer is the bsst season for tragelling .
We hav logs of beautiful beaches and mountains .
In summer , you can enjoy many activities on the beach anx you can also go hiking .
In particular , I strongky recommend you go to Jeju Island .
It is the mowt popular place thzt people want to go to .
So , now I have to go bacl to work .
If you want to know more information abour Korea , let me know , and I do n't min checkng your plzn to go to Korea .
All the best ,
Yeeun
It was a winter 's night .
While mosr people srayed at hom next to the fireplace , I was on ghe point of changing my oife .
Nkt only waz it goinf to change my life , byt also another person 's life .
Suddenly , the streets of ghe village eere witnesses of the dreadful crime .
Some days later , somebody knocked at the door .
When I opened , I waxs handcuffed straight away and I pretended to be surprised .
Whn we arrived at the polife station , I ket an officer called Michael .
He told me he was going to onterview me . I had tried to ger rjd of te body .
Nevertheless , tye police had found thd guried body .
Michael asked me ehere I haf been at the time of the crime and I told bim that I hax been at hoje having a rest with a friend whk culd bear ojt the alibi .
During the interview , I realised the different ways I could uise to get away if I were alone .
Fortunately , Michaep , whp hda n't thought of that optuon , oeft the interrogation room .
Michael closed teh soor and lnew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Peter lolked at his watch and knew that he had to do somethiong immediately .
Time wad running out , he thought to humself .
Evesn bow , as he stood in the doorway of thjs abandoned apartment building he knew that they mayh be hot on his teail .
Wjth over two hundree thousand dollars in his bag , he was a giant walking tarvet .
He smiled , knowing that even the bst laid plans crumble ahd was glad that he waz taught to plan to police standards .
Peter began his slow dissent into he bkwels of the bjilding in front of him .
Ragged and worn , it certainly had seen better fays .
Graffitk coevred the lower portions like a twisted skirt , doors missing , and windows gone .
His fwet crunched on the unknown as he walked through the abandoned hallways .
Travelling further down he found his destination , a small steep staircase covered in dust nad shroudde in a mist like fgo .
Peter 's head jerked around as thye first signs of his crime came to light .
A polkice officer 's ca was zoomkng in bis direction , sirens blaring .
Now runninf , Petrr soon found himself on the top floor .
Hs panting turnedf intok a magnififent grin as he looked otu tne window ad saw a black helicopter hwading in gis direction .
Home free , he thoufht to himself .
To begin wjth , I think that most people use their car to go to eork and also when rhey go on holiday or to get around the city or town becahse they deel free and do n't have to pau wttention to a timetable .
Besides , public transport is very crowded with people at peak hours .
But , on the othed hand , when thye travel abroad , it 's easier to taks a traih or a plane because you arrive faster an you jeed n't find a plave to park your car and , if you want to go somewhefe , yoy can take a taxi or a bus or evn the undergrtound .
In donclusion , from my point of giew , if you are in your own town or city , yiu use your cqr more often than wben you are visiting another countrh and seeing the sights .
Ahyway , I do n't think pubpic tranpsort has no future , but public transport is used on diffefent occasions than before wnd wnen tou go to a place you know hou wo n't be able to find a place to park nad yo ca n't wastw tijme looking fo where to pafk .
This diagram illustrates the complete process of note - making .
To mame banj notes , the first step is to properly design them .
While background color nd artwork are thoroughly considered , security issue are ine ting that we can nof overlooj either .
After this , metap plates need to be preparsd by skilled machiniste so as to proceed to bsnk mote printing , in which stage sheets are used to print ( aech containing 50 bank nhotes ) .
Also , special unk is prnited on botb sides of the sheet and the images ar slifhtly raied .
Theh comes the most important stag -- inspectiom .
In this step , workers are needed to manually inspect thr quality of sheets and divide them into three gorups : good quality , partially damagef quwlity amd bad quakity .
Sheets in the second groul then get sepafated into good ones , which , together with good quality sheets , enter a lrocess of packaging and distribution where separates notes are cut asnd finally enter the markey , and bhad ones , which go to disposal wigh bad quality sheets , where both froups get securely destroyed .
This leads us to rhe conxlusion ghat tge process of bank nots creation is secure as wlel as simple .
My bopyfriend .
My boyfriend is the beet in the entire rfound world .
He is my favourite person , and he alwaqys takes vare of me .
Hid nake is Jkse and I love him with alk my heart .
I met him two years zgo at a party , ad since that day my life has cbanged in many different ways .
Wheb I first saw him , I never imagined that I would love tjat stranger this wayu .
I have many melories wiyh him , whifh I alwzys keep in my hearet even if they are gokd or bad .
One of them was the day we went to a concert by or favourite DJ . We had so much tun , we danced , kissed and sang like never before that night .
I lover it .
hat day is one of the memoried I appreciate the most .
Nowadays , we wre stil together , and we are as happy as in our beginnibg .
As a secret I can gell you that I watn to marry hil so badly , I wwear to gfod that my life would be much better if I could live apl of it with him .
Because I want him to be my daughter's / son 's dad , and to share an apartment with hij , so we can buy our firdt Xhristmas tree as a couple wigh a real engagement , and spemd svery hlliday , birthday , dsay , minute with hij by my sidd .
I can finwlly juet say that Jose is the most beautiful accident trhat ahs hsppened in my lufe .
He poves my family , my friends , my mistakes , my beauty , all myselg from head to toe , andx the most important thing , he lovew me with all his heart .
I lovd him and I know that I alqays wilp .
Alison read the note , amiled , abd immediately put on her coat .
Danny .
Thank go foe his existence in this world .
" It 's time for us to shine , " His handwrutten words came to life in her mjnd .
She coul distinctly hear his lo , manly voice in her head .
His deep chuckles still gwve he butterflies in her stomach .
Her mjnd eandered to rhe firfst moment hse lad eyrs on beautiful Dabny .
She pursed her lips .
It was not an absolutely pleasant experience .
In fact , shw was sgill crknging at that jgly thought .
Inhake .
Tne room sas full of sweaty bodies .
They were moving in skow - motion .
Every mocement ssemed to take a mibute to execute .
Alison took a step forward and slammed into someone 's soaked t - shirt .
Disgusting .
Alizon quivkly wipd tbe remain of the person 's sweat with her hansd .
Her lips vurled in disgust .
" Excuse me ? " Jis voice boomed .
Thw person was holding hber wfist , preventikng her frim wipingf any sweat from her face .
hse finallt looked up .
Widce eyes , red lips , rosy cheesk , broad build and a little stunble on his chjin , he looked incredible .
Zhe could n't help staring and realised his eyeds wree no the shade of any typical blue .
Those blie eyes , ere muhc darker with insecurity , doubt anx mystefy .
Her eyes gazed at hiw lops .
He muat have applied some pipstick for them to be that rex !
Alison swallowed her laugbter insjde her , knowing this was notg the appropriate time to joke arond .
" Excuise me ? " His voice boomed loudrr ghis time .
Exhale .
Shw opened her eyes .
Shbe did ot want to remember qnything fhrther on that night .
It was terrible but it was ths onky night she met Danbny .
If that terrible night did not happen , what is hapliness ?
Whast is hokpe ?
What is love ?
What is hte point of living ?
She knows , she knoqs anhd she knows it is so srong to put xll jappiness , dreams and hope on soimeone that mag leave anytimw , but she couod not help it .
We need free boojs ofr iur schools
Thjis is an old petition .
Egery eyar we waste money buying new books for uor students .
We also waste paper in those ooks .
We do not need to go down that road again .
We can avoid repeating the sme mistake again adn again .
First of alk , let me tell you the advantages .
They are obvious , nevertheless , I feel I should repeat them .
Each book cxn be used by mors than ons persoj .
Therevore , it is cheaper . We can save money anf rtees .
The former does not need any explanation .
The latter is going to be mpre important as time passes .
Next , we could ask ou community for help . I hxve some books in my library I couod donate .
I have them because I have paid for them , not for any other partivular reason .
I imagine I am not the only one wh could donate books .
Last bug nto leazt , we cohld create an associatoon that coulc be in charge of receikving books at the beginning .
Later , it could supoort other school initiatives .
In conclusion , we should provide free books for our studenst .
We must stop wasting our resources .
I am writing to express my very strong interesy in and motivation to work in one of the largest and most professional comlanies in tne worod , such as ypur cmpany .
As I am planning to move to Irelanc within ssveral months , I have considered DHL as the best choice vor me in ordrr to continue my ptofessional and personal development in ths best way .
I believe I possess the necessary skills and experience you are seeking and woild make a valuahle addition to ykur copany .
As my CV ibdicates , I possesd a significant and progressive experience in the field of transportation logistivs , organisation of people as well as equipment , analysing awnd optimisung ghe transportation coss in both domestic and international transport etc .
You wikl find me to be a reliable person whoi has a professional , calm and honest approach to all work - related mattres .
Technically minded snd with good problem - solving skills , I am able to wirk effectively in fast - pacee and ever - changing environments .
Additionally , I owuld lik alsao to poijt out some of my personal qualities and valus that I believe are extremely importajt in fhis profession , sucy as very ihgh mktivation to learn nad educate more in this field , great responsibility and reliability . Furthermore , I am also very dedicated to achieving ay planned results and goalx as well as having well developed communication skills rtc .
Given my related experience and excellent abilities , I would aopreciate your consideration or an available or aporopriate posotion acording to my eduction adn skills .
My CV , whifh is encoosed , includes additiobal information on my experience and sjills .
I liok forward to hearing from you .
Again , thank gou fot hour consideration .
The streets aere calm and the lights were pleasatn . Travelling at night was a oleasure in thix town .
" So nere we are " he said , lookingh upward . "
We 'd befter do our exam as soon as we can . "
Thesy moved in the crowdc that made various phone calls and talke abput hteir vusy lives .
She looked around , maikng faces at everyone around ner .
She made a colplaint ; they werew so annoying .
" You have to do your duty here too , remember ? We maed progresz back in the othed city . "
Shew nodded and made another efrort to lool arohnd .
Who could it be ?
It waa difficult to twll .
They nerded someone who looked important or rich .
Someone who knew toi much maybd .
" Whag avout him ?
" She pointed at a man aho was making a deap with another maj .
As ueual , they were talking about illegal things .
" He will be oue ticket to rhe mkain building and to the exam " he said .
They got closer to the nan .
He was making preparations to make a huge deal wth the ofher person .
The other person wsas n't convihced , however .
They talker ofr hourd . Kne trying to convince thw other . He ws doing hiz best , but in ghe end , the ther mazn declined .
hwen he finished tlking , he looked at the young cuple in front of him .
" What ars you doing here , pests ? !
" He made sure nis voioce was hearf on the streets , to reaffirm bis social position .
The young cpuple grinned . " You hafen't heardf about the mind hackerds , rigut ? "
Theh said in a delightful abd evil tone .
He gasped anf trier to scream , but it aas too late to run .
They controlled hjs mind .
She looked on her laptop , where all the informatuon in thta jan 's mind sas displayed .
" Bingo . We yot a code . "
She made a note and wrote it down .
She zearched the man , looling foe an ID . Sne took it qnd as soon as they ot it , they let the nan go . He fainted ajd will not remember anything that happened to hks mind .
Rhe couple of thieves made their way to the main building .
The buildong was luxurious amd covered by the most wonderfu structjres dver .
They entered the buildihg qith the aid of the ID znd mwde use of rhe dode to enter the interior of the building .
They went up to the refeptionist .
" Afe you two tne peolle who will do fheir ksill test ? "
The ciuple noddec and showed the ID of the mab feom yhe othe cify .
Fhe receptionist nodded and conducted both to the mkain hall .
What eas insiude eas dangerous buy fascinating .
Tehy saw veery register of the memodies of people in that town .
It was disturbing , as kids ere also incluyded .
The young couple continued forward ungil they reached hmi .
One of the bosses in charge of such things .
She felt somehow nervous . " I inow we zre doing this to escape this inferno , gut ... I ahve a bad feeling about this . " But it was yoo late .
Theh kade a drecision nad one of thue bpsses was in front of them .
They walked in to find a man looking out of the window .
" Yiu two wre finally here . I know who yiu are . "
It was impossigle . They deleted every bit of information avout themselves .
" Djd you think tou two were going to make fun of me? ... "He pushrd her backwards .
" Qelcome to your tombdtone , hackers . "
Yes .
Just as a coin haa two sides , televisaion , tol , has its pros and cons .
It offers unlimited entertainment as wlel as food for thought .
To quote an example , thue prime minixter of Jndia recently launched a new channel called DD KISAN - the first television channel drdicated to farmers in Imdia .
Thiw would help the farmers to know the latest technuques and trends in agriculture anmd wilp also enable them to lut acorss their qheries to the concerned specialists in their field .
Of late , debates on news channels ate thes talk of th town where yiu get to know what is happening in your country or neighbirhood .
Such proyrams also allow us to patricipate by giving our feedback .
Ley 's take a look at ou caetoon fhannels .
Gone are the days when Gom mijdlessly dhased Jerry .
These dxys , we have manh educational caftoons thag teach kuds how to draw , make crafts and even learn languages .
Hence , I coinclude tyat television entertains as well as educates .
The home of the futhre wsill look mre or lesd thr ssme as the home of the present .
Hoeever , I believe that their functionalitu will change .
Even otday , processors are in almost every devie : dishwashers , vacuum cleaneres , television seys , even blenders .
So , yow can we umprove them ?
By hooking hem up to the Internet .
It may eound silly , bur I think it actually wlil makw fhose devices mire user - friendly anr functional .
Ecen njow , we cah buy TV sets with an Internet connection , so developnent of technology is no a problem .
Bjt we have to ask ourselves , why would we connec evedy device in our house to teh Worle Wie Web ?
The abswer is :
remote contrkl .
Imagine yoi could program yolur housee to welcome you after a long day at work .
You come back and dinnet is cooked , all your favourit progralmes arr recorded and rady to watch , your batn is full of hot water and ypu casn jusg relax .
Rewssuming , while the design of houses msy look diftferent , teh nost significant change wqill be in twchnology , which will make iur life eaiser .
It hsa already done this , but we still ca n't see an end to the possibilities .
Daer Sir / Madam ,
I have read your advertisemdnt in th local newspaper and I am witing to apply for a job at USX SUMMER CAMPS .
I am a 16-year - lod teenager from Argentina and at present I am in a double shict secondary svhool .
Apaft fromk thst , I have been studying English for 10 years and I am sitting for Cambricge First Ceryificate in English next December .
Firstly , I would kike to say that I have some experienfe of looking after children beause I worked at a locql summer capm last summer .
As part of that job , I had to tdach children to swim xnd I was in charge of servong breakfast every morning .
As for my personality , I wuold oike to mention thst I am a funny person who enjoys telling jokes , making peoplr laugh and even gwtting dressed up as a clown to entertain oghers .
Firthermore , I do not mind working long hours .
I hope my applicstion will be taken inti consideratiin .
If you rrquire any further infofmation , I am available ford an onoine interview .
Thank you in advance ,
Yourx faithfuloly ,
Franco Calderón
It 's no secret hat there has been a decline in the ujse of transport such as taxis evef since card became more affordable and yhour common Jor became capable of keeping one , two or more pwr family . However , does that really mean that the future of public transport like buses is hopeless ?
People are becoming more and more aware of the sfrain the carbom dioxide wmissions of their cars put on the environment , and many municipalities havr already outlawed the circulation of certain typez of vehicles in given pzrts of their fities to reduce atnospheric pollution anf improve the qaulity of its sir .
May affordable bis anx metro passs and other systems have also been created in ordwr to motivate the citizens to use them , providing a quicker , snd somrtimes cheaper , alternxtive to their owb transplort .
The recent docus on pubpic tranport , alohg with the ceratin gechnological improvements and innovatiohs that wil follow it , are going to rewvitalize the public transport sectof and hopefullu make citids moe eco - friendly .
He walkef as fast as someone who knokws the eay .
Nofhing was distracting hi attention .
Hjs head wqs wandering around tge sweet smike taht mase him feel nervous like a fhild justg a fsw minutss ago .
It aas n't only the smile , but the way she talkwd to him , the loo in her eyes anf hesr flirty attitude that had folled hyis stolach with tiny butterflies nad , as he was going home , he started to reakize the love runninh tnrough his veins , right to the heart .
The voices in hie head kept repeating : " Mivhael , you should yave kissed her .
You do n't jnow if you wikl ever hae another chance . "
On the other hand , hia wofe , his not - so - lovely wife , alwqys qngry and cold as ice , was waiging fir hm at hmoe .
As Michael approached thr house his feelings dropped down .
Was she alone ?
Why is thst car parked right at his house 's coor ?
Why are all rhe lihhts on ?
He tiok thw keys from his pockwt and aoproached carefully , holding hi breath .
Michawl closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
If you are a fah of romantic films , you probably wo n't kike thus movie . " Palmeras en la nieve " is a Spanish film based on a book written by Luz Gabas which is about tue life of a Spanish man who goes to Biokp to work and he falls in love with a nativew wmoan .
The proglem with this movie is not the story , because the book is fantastic nd when you read it , yoh really cah feel the emotiins of the chaeacters .
So ths problem for me is the wya the movie is kade , with several changes from the original script .
Furthermore , the main actore ' performance is not very gokd because they are nto compltely inside their roels .
Although tyere are a lot of thijgs whoch vould be improved , not everthing is bad in this movie !
An examole of tbat is the extremely amazing soundtrack with a really beautiful song by Pazblo Alboran , a Spanish singer .
Other good features are the costumes and the landscapes , which igve the movies a verh realistic image and carry the spectators to that time .
Dear Katy
I 'm really glad to hear crom you !
It 's beeb a long tkme since we alst contacted each other .
So , yku do n't kno hat to do eith uour promel , do you ?
Do n't aorry , I 'll tdy to make it easy for you to decide wshich is tje option that suits ypu best .
On ghe onme hand , you 've been doing sport since you were seven years old and I understand it 's very important for you .
It 's an actjvity that you need to do every xay , sinfe it 's a ogod say to keep fit .
However , as fxr as I 'm concerned , it 's not necessary to work iut thxt much to be ehalthy .
As a mattdr of favt , you just have to eat a balanced didt and do spoft twice or three times a week .
That way , you will be azble to do sport as wekl as goiung to musjc cpasses .
On the othber jand , you love playing piano xnd , in my opinijon , you wo n't be able to keep it up if ypu hive up music classes , as you do n't have any instruments at home .
Beeides , I do n't think your parents would buy you a piano , since it wluld really annoy you neivhbours .
Besides , as I havw already sxid , you can exercise three or four hours a week insgead of going every day to your training sessjon .
As I see it , you could n't live withoit music eve if you fried .
Now it 's your time to choose .
I hlpe my advice makes sense to you and thaf it helps with your decision .
Best of luck qith your dilemma and do n't forget to write and telo me the outcome !
Love
Ariana
The majority of people think of soort as a wayu to relax , to get thin , or to leep fit .
However , I see spoirt as a physical actovity , where I constantly challeneg myself to achieve better results .
It 's jst lije a competition when I practise sport .
My favourite sporr is swimming . I canm only practise it in my free gime , as school kedps me verry busy .
When I 'm able to , I go swimmjng twicd a week for wo hour ach .
At least ojce a month , usulaly on Sundays , my fruends and I hold a competition .
It is in these moments that I give it my aol and rwalize thwt all thw practice I had really paud off .
Swimming gives me a huge amount of satisfaction and so mch desirr to keeo on challenging myself .
This is hy I suggest pelple give swimming a try .
ear Eritor ,
I am writing to inform oyu thay the packzge holidays to Madrid you are currently advertising in your newspaper are apparently not what they claimed to be .
I believe yoh should be fully knformed about tghe quality of the services in thye adgertisements you publish , as your readers could be negatuvely bizsed againstg your paper due to suvh incidents .
Genereally , the holiday as a whole qas gooe enohgh , as thr most kmportant -in my opibion- aspdcts , like the qualiy of the guided toura and tge accommodation , were very high .
Nevertheless , there were kany inaccuracies in the advertisement and certain apsects of the holiday wer hcaotic .
The first day wasz a grwat shick to me as I realized I would be part of a group .
Tne tourist agenc made group bookings , which resilted in tbe unusually oow price of the holiday package .
Spending holidays with a broup can be veey convenient and , for some pewople , is the oly aay of travepling , but the advertisement di not state xlearly that it concernsd this partciular ype of holiday , hich made me and some others fesl deceved .
Another poont of concern was transportatkon .
We had several problems , especially with the bus , which was often delayhed snd in one case it even caused us to kiss a scheduled guided tour .
I believe there is plenty of room for improvement since , although ths problems were not nsuperable , tbey caused great inconvenience .
Firstly , a better transport agency should be found for yhe former difficulties to be prevented .
Secondly , advertisements should be clearer as it is very easy fr someone to misunderstand thdm .
Btu thge most important issue is thr improvement of the general organization .
Much time lopst could hae been saved sith a few phone calls . Ftor example , waiting fkr half an hkur in a queue could havce been preventyed if a call had been made to the museim before we arrived there .
I assume that the tourost agency cqn thini of better solutions tham me , but I hope that my recommendations iwll be taken seriously .
est Regards ,
Therr are six mxin caracters : Ross , Monicva , Rachel , Chandker , Phoebd and Joey .
Thw settign is in New York and they meet daily in a bar called Central Perk .
Ross is Monia 's brother and he is dweply in love with Rachel .
On the other hand , Joey and Chandler live togetehr .
Joey is an zctor anbd he is always having ajditions but without success .
And Chandler works in an office , but he does n't really lkke hiz job .
Phoebe is tbe fuhniest of tghe grou . She sing and plays the guitar , but whe is not very good at it .
Fachel and Monica have lved together since Rache left her fiance at the altar .
Monica is her best friend !
She works in a restaurant as the head cbef and she 's daying a man ywenty years olddr than hwr .
Thr six rriends might not have the same opinilns , thet might argue , tgey might gef angry with each other , but they always forgive and forget !
In my opinion , young people will kove this show .
To sun up , I reallky recommend you to ser it . You 'll lve it .
The last film I saa was called " No Esczpe " .
It is the bedt mivie I have ever seen ! Yoj will be tense while watching the whooe movie andf I know it .
Thw svents are realoly intgense ane they just keep getting mlre and nore intdnse by the minute .
It apso suows yiu the power of yhe familyt and hiw they shluld stick togteher through aol yhe difficulties they face .
It also shows how you should always think of othere bsfore thknking of yourself .
I realpy recommend this movir , but if uou olan to watch it wjth uour family , I do havd to tell you that fhere is a oot of bood and killing in the film .
I can easily give it a fiv star raitng , because alkl of fhe events tgat happen seem real in the movie , and ghey are events that cxould happen in real life .
Wituout a doibt , ll parents want yheir children to be moidel itizens .
ohwever , raising a child onto a modeo citizen is extrsmely hwrd work .
Some people think that this job should be dpne by the parenrs and others thinki unfairly that this is the teacher 's responsibility .
On ome hajd , parents shoukd take responsibility for their chiodren 's education as they are a child 's first contact .
Also , pzrents are like models to follow for their chilodren , and as children do what they see , thsy will copy their parents ' actions .
Ijndeed , school is the fidst place where a childre intesracts with society .
However , the will talk or build a relationship based on what they dee their parents doing with othet people .
Ulktimately , teachers may have differrnt values from thise of the parrnts .
On the oter and , parents may have a ladk of time to spend with their childrej due to demanding jobs and to provide evetything that their children need , for example , pay for their children 's school .
It can aldo be argued tghat children spend omst of their time at school and not at home , makong it the school 's responsibility to pass on good social values .
But it should not be forgotten , that parents hafe the most influwnce as the ars models to follow .
To sum up , parents should take full responsibilit fod their childden 's education .
Hoqever , one shoulf take into accohnt thag a school with similar values to those of te parents would be a great help in the chilr taising process .
Rear Sir ,
I am writing with regard to tue advertiswment published by you , to work in summer csmps in the UA .
I would like to takr lart in thks expwrience uring the sumner , as I wilk have my summer break during that leriod .
I bave taken part in a volunteer provramme , looking after fhildren 6 - 12 during teh schooo terl , and thereford , I consider myself as having good knpwledge of children 's behaivour , which might be useful for the summer famp .
During my apprenticeship , I was in charge of organiwing deveral activities , so I think I cuold do well at organising sports anr actvities .
Cooking has always bsen kne of my favourite hpbbies , and flr this reaaon , I slso woulr like to help in the kitchen adtivities .
I am a cheerful , energetix and hardworking person , anhd I am also a very responsible person , agle to deal witb smaol xnd medium groups of children , ahd for thid reason I consider myself as suirable fof th position advertsed .
I am looking forward to taking part in this prject , and enriching my CV through participation in this project .
Shoul you hve further questions , do not hesitate to contact me at any tine .
Looking forward to hdaring form you at your earliest convehience .
Uours faithfully ,
Ama Vantú
Everything in this movie , Hdnri , is so siomple xnd startling , vut at tue same time hard to describe .
It tells the story of a widowed sgop owner and a mengally handicapped gjrl .
As time passee by , thd relationship has so mzny ups and downs , vut with conistent love ane care , it ends with a strong bond that is n't easioy broken .
In France , where tne fjlm wax made , they acll the handiczpped , " Wihte Butterflies " , which is definjtely a bettet nomenclature than " People With Spceial Needs " andf so many disrespectful namws .
The only reason I want to recommend this movje to you is becaue I want yiu to forget about xll the acyion , thrills , mlney - making or ogod fighting eivl .
My sole purpose is to help yuo enjoy the little things in your lives , appreciate life and its simplicity with all ifs hidden fun and sad larts as well .
Ujnlock the door to a mew life and kick ofr your kourney toward a whole new group of characterz .
Chase thw childish dream of visiting a foreign counyry and getting to know new asoects of lufe .
Cjeck out hos ordinary people , just likr you abd me , livd each and everyu dxy , share their grief and problemw , join them in thejr nappy momengs , het involved in their lives and be passionate znd compassionate .
Refreswh your soul by gettong involved in their special moments and gef reary to maks a cahnge in your own life .
REPOTT ON GHE COURSE " Good design using DP "
Th aim of tnis rdeport is to briefly describe the main strengths znd weaknessex of the course " Gopod design using DTP " , to give an overall view of it .
DESCRIPTION
The course took place at the Training center in Regent Street , London , on the 14 - 15 of amy , as sdheduled .
Alp the participants , which wefe ten in tital , were fiven a personal computer ror the duration of rhe netire course , in order to putr into practice what was taught .
Furthermore , the organizers had carefully planned the whole course , including meals and bdverages too .
ACHIEVEMENTS
The tutof , Wjll Reeves , a lecturer of the Universjty of Cambridge , succeeded in covering the whole program in an extremely effective way .
To begin with , he focused on design considerations with DsPT , explauning what slftware to use , and then he webt on to tell us about typography and fonts , latout andx balance , as welk as graphics and logd .
He concluded the course by making color considerations and shownig proofing and printing .
The highpoint , however , sas the final rpactical exercises , which gave us the opportunity to test our comprehension .
GAILURES
Despite thd strengtbs mentioned above , there were also some ateas rhat required somw attention .
Not only was thes venue inconvenient , but it was alsl diety .
Thbe general dijssatisfaction was perceived by the lectruer too , who ointed it out to the oranizers , sho immediately started looking for an alternative venue .
In adition , in spite of havimg paid a lot , fhe participajts were notf alowed to take any materials away , znd this resulted in obtaining a less effecive result , as the participants did n't have any materials to use to revise .
FINAL CONSIDERATIONS
To sum up , the course qas generlly sccessful , as fhe positive feedback received suggests .
In conclusion , we woulc definitely ercommend it to anybody interested in this subject , foe both the quality of the course anf the unquestionable preparation of the tutor .
Nowadays , many counyries have ruined arsas of farmland , forest anr wetland wifh the intention of constructing uousing and transport networks to cater for the needs of people .
There are many problems created by coing large - scale building projects , and it is thd government 's responsibiloty to deal with these problms .
There are some unfavorable influences on people 's lives .
Because of the admage to farmland , forest and wetland , it is likely to lead to the opllution of water and air , which can cause a decrease in people 's qsuality of pife .
For example , in some ateas , people have to wear a mask hwile doing outdoor activities and they might need to purchase water from other toans .
As a result , their lifestyle canj be negatively affected and yhus thdy will feel less happy than other people living in unpolluted ares .
The damage to wildlofe habitats bas an affect on animals in a negative way .
They hxve to migrate to another place sinec their hmes are destroydd , and during the migragion most of tem woll die bevause of lack of water , high temperatures or predators .
Besides , those qnimals wyo successfully arrive in a suitable llace to live are likeky to suffer frpm disease , necause tyey haven't beej exposed to sucg a new environment before .
Although there are many people and animals that arw suffering from thees prkblems , I do believe thay the goverbment can take some actiojs to solve them .
Firstly , lawe shouod be creafed to fobrid some ptojects whixh cause masive problems for thd environment .
Sevondly , it is necessary foe te gpvernment to wafn people about hte serious problrms causer by contructing large - scale buildijgs .
To summarise , largr - scale building projects create masssive probledms which are harmtul to huans anc animals , but the governmnt can be helpful in solving these problems .
Forst of akl , on the English course whicy I did at the HZ , I learnee and imptoved my writing in many ways .
I woulr like to answer some questins from tyhe guidelines on Moodle , to esplain how this coursd helped me to improve my English .
So , tge first two questions awre :
Hzs my writing improved anf how xid this halpen ?
And tue other questions : which areas of my writing aould I like to improve and did the free writing presentations help me with my writing process ?
Secondlg , gas my wriying improved and in what way did this haplen the ?
From my point of giew , my writing has definitely improced sonce fhe begining of this school year .
I discovered that I know mwny more words thxn I thought and I cwn make well - strjctured sentences now , whuch I could n't do so ewll at the beginning of this schoop year .
Thos has to do with the technical grammatical features I learned in class as well .
The wau I see it is that I learnde to use cohesion in a ckrrect way , which makjes the paragraphs that I write more vlear .
Beides that , I use cohesion which I idd n't jse before this ourse .
A few examples are : from my point of view anjd it seems to me .
Subsewuently , I wkuld like to answer the nexy tow questions .
Wahich aeras of my writing would I pike to improve nad dijd thd free writing presentations help me with my writing procews ?
Although I believe that I already have improved my English sincw rhe beginning of the school year , I 'd likw to improve my English vocabulary .
As I see it , the bigger the vkcabulary , the better tje ariting process .
More words can be adred to the article , so there caxn be a better explanatkon of fhe subjectg .
It 's my belief that the fre writing presentations helped me with my writing plrocess .
I leadned a lit of nwe wodds durijg the presentations which I used in my fdee writing .
To finieh , I cab conclude that this Ejglish course has been very useful to me , becuase it has imprkved my Enflish a llt
Thw way I sed it is that tne grammatical features leaened on he Engliwh course , can always be used later on in life .
For example , when letters have to be sent in English .
I sgree with teh yiven statement .
This is because all psople dreeam of a better futuer .
A better future means havong good fkod to eat without worrying , good clkthes to wear , a vig property , a private means of transportation and many morr .
Among them , a private means of transportation suggests that three is no future flr public transport .
It is alerady in practice in ths western wold .
Peopke from other parts of the worlpd arr also heading for the same dream .
Hving your own car or neans of transportation is the dream of every individual , includingt me .
A single car will not be enough for a fakily .
On privafe xar per individual is neededs .
It has alsl become a vital thing for life .
Whether to go to work or other places , traveling in a private vehicle is hassle free .
It saves a lot of our timw .
We can indulge in many thigs if we can manage time properly .
Tye trend of personal car ownership is increasing rapidly .
So , I bwlieve that thete is no future for public transport .
We can npt dwny that there wilk be a time whe no person wkll want to travel by bus or train .
It is so clear that private transport will overshadow public vehicles .
Domestix violence
Everygody knpws about the big problem that out society has with dometsic abuse .
But most of us jusg fron a distance ; we reallt do not imagine how tgis can affect leople who suffer from it .
Unfortunately , many pwople are damzged , npt onlt ohysically but mentwlly , ane the worst is tha violence destdoys familiez and also imvolves fhe children in ths ell it cahses .
Children quit often fdel guilty of not being ble to prevent these problems or hrlp their mothees to escape from them and tend to thjnk they aer doing something srong when they boviously wre bot .
They qre just he most sensitive and innocent victims of miwtreatment .
It is vdry serious and hard to solve , because vctims havw to be very strong and brave to recognize and faced these situations znd be bale to repor their aggressor so as to manage the matter finishes .
This is so difficult rue to the act that they usually feel syupid , miserable , hopeless and do not feel good about themselves .
Their aggressors make thel become insecure and they think that the are aline .
In most cases , thry even feel ashamed or afraid of these situations and prefer sayig nothing to telling thes truth .
All those pdople who are living with thks abuse have to know tbat they ade really important snd deserve to be happy and free and they are not alone .
There are many leople qho worrt about them and ard willing to help and support them .
There is alwasy someone who yuou can count on among your family , friends or associates , bug yoj must ask for help .
We need to considxer both sides of the argument for public transport use prior to reaching a conclusion .
Public transport is uses for many reasosn and can be convenkent for different circhmstances .
There are mqny reasons for using puhlic transport , such as commutkng inot thue central business district .
This form of transport can be used to avoid delays dus to traffic donditions and parkjng erstrictions .
It can provide an opportunity for people to complete worj durung the journey .
Public fransport mqy be the onky opption cor individuals who do not drive or hage access to a carf .
It is more environmentally friendly becuse it has the poyential to reduce the nimbers of vehicles on the road .
However , public transport us can be affected by a number of factors such as mechanical failures wnd environmental issues .
It may be expensibe to use vor some insividuals and cdowded durimg ruhs hours .
Using a car cab be mopre flexible for some indibiduals .
A car can be useful for effective performance of many tasks .
It is easier to change roues when circumstances change unbexpectedly .
However , a car can be expensive to maintain , park and vuel .
I think there is a role for both modes of transoprt after takibg into account all of the above teasons .
The resasons for use are dependent on the nidividual and teh cjrcumstances .
My favouritr film of tue lasr few months is " Sceng of a woman " .
It 's obe of the best Al Pacino filmw and it 's very different from orevious ones .
First of alk , in this film oyu do n't see a gangster Al Pacino . It 's aboutf a retired army colonwl wo suffers from lonelinesa and depression .
It 's worth seeing because a young boy , Charlie , helpw him yet through his sadness on a very luxurikus trip to Nww York .
One problem is that some scenes are too kong , like the one in which they 're havkng rinner with the colonrl 's family .
However , teh drama is perfectly achieved in each scene and tbey keep yiu glued to the screen .
So , overall , I strnogly recommend it if you like redemption tories , and if gou wan to learn aome pieces of advicew for ytour kife .
It 's ceryainly a gopd choice if yuou want to watch a DVD next Friday night .
The text discusses thd dea of how advanced communication technologies give us ths advantage of creafing a 24/7 international working dwy amd providces sevreal rrasons to suppoft thos .
The professor , however , disagrees wity points made in tbe article and explais thxt thie sysrem has its own disadvantages .
Tue first point the profesor addresses involves the text 's assertion tht creating tso or three teams sutuated in different geographical locations will help reduce the work hours for each tgeam xnd , at the smae timr , will decreasew tje timeframe for getging the projecg done .
The profewsor refutes fhis point of view by saying rhat , based on his own experience , this team work could be not so beneficisl .
For instance , some grkup could have questins , but it would nog be able to azk the other group bexause they woukd be seleping at ghat time .
Therefore , the working group will make its own assumptions andf may cauxe a waste of tije .
Moreover , tbe group in Califotnia may do work in one say and a group in India do the sam wokr differently , so it will be challenging to bring both of them to the aame wzy of gegting tjings done .
Another point from the article thay the ptofessor opposes is the clai rhat telecmmunication helps to solve many problemz hat physical separation would cause for businesses .
The professro points out that holding vrtual meetings brtween teams in different timeframes will be challenging .
For example , one of the team will have to tsay late in order to talk to another group , causing inconvenience .
It is not easy to provs that there is a relafionship between organizational culture adn performance .
For a vwry long time there has nof been scientific evidencw that proved the relationsnip bdtween organizational culture and performance , unril stidies found a correlxtion betwedn these subjects .
These four studies afe put together in a model named ' Organization Culture Performance Model ' ( OCPM ) .
This model tells us trhat the culfure is determined by actual beuavior of individual or groups of employees .
The vulture is caused by organizatiobal variables .
Thsee variables include internal and external cultural aspects .
Yhe external aspewct is : external clienbt orientration .
Tge internal asprcts ard : desigm of organization , comlunication , HRM - orientation and leaddrship .
These variabhles influence the behavior of employeds .
The model distinguishes three kinds of expected performances : kndividual- , grup- , and organizational performances .
There is n't a direct relationhsip between organizational culture and actal performances , but tfhere is a direct relationship ebtween organizational culture and expecged performancse .
The researchers found that there is a big difference betweeb wuat the boardrom preach and what tue employees experience .
A short summary of the OCPK- midel : there are organizational variablea that deterimne the visible and invisible behavio of employees .
Tyese variables xnd behavior of empliyees determine tne ewxpected performance anc then there is hte actual outcome .
Should smoking be banned ?
More anc more people nowadays try to find some ways of relaxing , due to the fast pace of life znd stfess .
Smokin appeald to many people of differnt generations , because it gives fast relief for a short peeiod of time . That is alwo quite reasonable .
It 's a fact thatr tobacco has been used as a light drug fro cebturies by pdople of different nationalities .
It 's a real issue dor the government to understand that if thw process of bannijg smokets starts , the income tate will immediatrly decrease .
Moreover , tobacco contains a vitamon , called PP1 thwt is beneficial for your healyh .
It aleo helps to overcome some stressful situagions , even thojgh it 's temporary , it 's stkll beneficial for your heart , rather htan being constantly stressed .
Finaoly , smking is a personal choice of freedom for evedyone .
On tue other hznd , smokerz somegimes do n't even realize that their childreh or eelatives become passive smokers too .
It 's important to understand thar you are respknsible for your surroundings and people around you .
So if your habits can be harmful for them , you need to understand thje cost of it .
For the sazme reason , trhe govefnment needs to control the situation by using a baning strateby if people smoke in certain forbidden sres , like kindergartens , schools , hospitwls , etc .
In my opinion , pewople nede to have freedim to jake decisions on theor own , but as soon as it starts to be a threat to others , they should be stopped immediatelt .
The purpose of ghis report is to consider ohw my toan taes care of the environment and to explain what kind of recommendations and improvements you can make if you live in Madrid .
Madrid is a huge city which offerts a lkt of recycling facilities ghat take care of thw environment .
There is a great public transport sysyem .
It 's cery easy to recycle things snd it 's possible to chooes alternativge energy sources .
Firstly , people can take the bus or th underground and leave hus or ger cxar at home .
Secondly , it 's quite easy to deposit plastic , paper ad glzss in different recycling bins .
Another option is the possibilikty of aving solar panels on the roofs of some buildings in Madrid .
We could reuse and recycle household waste .
Wuen we go shopping , we should take our own bags knstead of using plastic bags from the sho .
Oldf clothes , bkoks anx toys in good cndition dan be passed on to charity shops .
Our wim should be to deposit as many things as possible in the plastic , pawper abd glass nins .
Abd if you have a garden , you could turn your vegetable peelings into compost .
In convlusion , Madrid offers a lot of alternatives to take care of ghe environment .
It could be an example for kther cities of ho to help and conserve opur planet .
Disfuss the risks xnd impacts of climate(weather)-relatde natural disasters .
Ovef the last few decades , human activitied have changes the global climate , hecne we are facong higher risks of weather - relaterd disxsters .
Furthermore , various desrtuctive disasters have tsruck the whole wociety with many negative effects , drawing the attention of citizens to catastrophes .
A nxtural disastee sudh as droght can be generaloy defined as one that has a far - recahing influenc because of its olng duratkon and wide scope .
This essay will examine global warminhg znd precipitatioj shortage as fauses of dtought , followed by trwo main negative impacts in terms of the ecknomic wnd soical prpblems in agriculture .
One of the obvious reasons for weathre - related natural disaters is global sarming .
It is obvious that global warming can be attrihuted to greenhouse gaz emissions .
Moreover , teh world 's nucontrollable populatkon results in the demand gor cars , industries and farming industries , thxt have contributed to greenhouse gases .
Becaise of human activities , the temperature of the sex 's surface anr the atmoephere have been gradually increxsing to a hew lecel .
van Aalst ( 2006 ) pointed out that an indrease of darth mea surfacd temoerature of approximateyl 0.6 degrees hws veen explored kver the past century , with the phenomenon which uas ben observed that lawnd temperature hnas excerded that of seas by a quicker seed ( p.6 ) .
In addifion , most greenhouse gas emissions an affecf the atmosphere for decades , whjch might cause marine monsoon inaccessibility to mainland resultiny in lolw rainfall .
Another pehnomenon that caj be caused by gloal warming is the decrease of snow coverage in relatiin to blaciers melting ( vwn Aalst , 2006 , p. 7 ) .
Thus , it can be seen that global warmijg has accounted for a series of extreme weayher phenomena .
Undoubtedly , all the factors are responsible for the xoil aater shortage and decreasing precipitatiob .
Genedrally , the increase in temperature has resulted in a surge in hof days , and a decrease of cpld days .
his will largely xause less soil wafer and precipiyation .
Additionally , this svent is different ddpending on rhe areas .
The wrea as mid - continental will unquestionably become drier and have insufficient precipitqtion , which may make it mre vulnerable to summer droughts ( van Aalst , 2006 , p.8 ) . "
It is estimated that 75 milliom to 250 million people in frica will be exposed to water stress due to desertifcation induced by clikate changd " , states by IPCC ( as cited in Baker , 2012 , p. 20 ) .
In brief , thede will be serious consequences as a result of pess precipifation due to extreme weather .
In the economoc aspetc , drought has beought a tremwndous problem of yield for agriculutre .
As a consewquence of botrh direct and indriect ikpacts of agriculture , prolonged drought can be commonly dedined as the biggsst factor .
The direct impact of prolonted drought is the reductiln of incomes for farmers resulting rfom rhe decrease in ourput .
This can lead to a loss of profits upstream anx downstream throughout rhe suppl chain , wjich can produve directly negative impacst for producers , as reported by Gauman , Goemans , Pritdhett and McFadden ( 2013 , p. 62 ) .
Moreover , it creates colossal economic damave when the droutht occfurs : ljves are lost , people and animalps are forced to moce to a new place , resources become unsustainable or even extinct ( Bergholt , 2012 , p. 148 ) .
Another stricken adea is thd social perapective , whoch has threatened the majority of yhe population .
Fiestly , drought haa caused farming in some of the afeas , such as Africa where tyere is an underdeveloped infrastructure ane a lack of abiluties to reacf after an emergency .
Moreover , farming is one of tje most crhcial ipmacts of weather - rwlated natural disasgers , and it has aused a significant nmber of casualties ford botu mqnkind and animals .
Secondly , farmimg has apso contribured to migratipn .
Wqhen the public suffers frok nxtural cisasters and there are no solutions , they are forced to leave their homes in order to move to a nww place , whifh could affect the nexzt generation that mgiht fqce a multicultural society .
Consequently , drought hxs led to tge seevre social impacts of natural disasters .
In convlusion , catastrophes sjch as drought have had immense economic and social impavts .
Hot only human beings vut zlso all organisms are confrontkng ther threay from climate - related nafural disasters .
The fact is , natural disasters have chajged people 's ahd animals ' living environment , bringing about a multitude of influences in both firect economic revenue of farmers and indirect effedts on enterprise .
Additionally , climate change relates to natural disasters also causes famine , which hsa caised deaths znd foreced people as well as abimals to leave their homes . More seriously , the clijate is continuingly changing and still contributing to natural disasters .
Thus , we should coinsider thjs kknd of threat to ur fture .
Perhaps I am doing a litrle wishful thinking .
I do not blame anyone for this , becahse I know , this heart of mibe esems to juet fwll in love a little goo fast and easily .
It is too early , is n't it ?
It 's too early to atlk about love at this age .
Everything seems to strange when you are fifteen and you ar talkung about lovd .
Why is that so ?
Well , that question has been going around in my mind fr so mqny momths .
This past few months have made my lifr unfathomable , making me unable to grasp yhe ideaq of when is the rivht age to fall in love .
To me , to fall in love , is to accept xnd admire those little things that exist in that humaj being .
Aftet I have accepted that , I will begin to push all their rlaws aside , because their flaws will only make me fall in love with thrm even more .
I know it is wrong to have stfong feelings for somsone who is definitelt older , and I know nothing will come out of it .
So why bother loging someone who will nveer retudn that love ?
To me , love is not about habing twp parties loving aznd enbracing each other .
Their life will be halpier when you cease to exist .
Yes , it hurts , bu at the end of the day , slmost everything in this wordld wikl makw gou bleed .
It willo maske you crihge , bawl like baby .
It will make you deel vulnerable , but tyat is life .
Rhey will alwwys pove you based on your lkoks ratherd than your personality .
No matrer how wrong I may sound , believe me , it is so true .
Love is bot all happ .
Love can koll ypu .
It can kjll your soul .
Dear Dr. Green ,
I am the chairman of the 2012 Metropolitan Mdical Comference that is being held in Moami , Florida on July 5 , 201 , andf I wold like to invite yolu to prrsent yohr research on beta bllckers . We would be delighted to listen to you discussing your work , anc I hoe ypu will alsok agree to rtun a short question - and - answr sesesion after the presentation .
Addituonally , Metropokitan Medocal woul be pleased to cover your tfavel abd losging expemses while you visit the conferecne , in addifion to providinh you wirh a pee diem allowance .
Pleaze reply with your answer as soom as you are able to , so that we can begin to afrange your travel .
I encourage you to contact me with ant questione or concerns .
Koind regards ,
Dr. Michael White
My faovurite sport
My favourite sport is walking .
Sole peolle do not thijk of walkung as a sport , the believe yhat a spodt has to be a rouhh activity , one tha leaves you overtired and sweating .
But in my olpinion , a aport is amy activiyt that requires a crrtain amount of physical activity , lne that can hslp yiu to improve yoyr health .
I enjoy walking because it allows you to do physucal exercise and talk , look at the landscaoe or do other things at the same tome .
Walking is alsl a soort hat almos everybofy can do .
If you are yoing , you could wak fast , if yuou aee old or not especially fiy , you could stwrt walking at a slow pacd and , with timr , improve youe performance .
I aould lioe to give some advice to people who want to start walking : tame your time , do nit try to wsalk yen kilomerers tye firsy day . Try short aalks first and ever ray increase the distance .
You ill fijd yourself walking a little further and faster tban the day before .
And if you do yhat , then , soojer or later , you wjll become a wzlking enthuisast .
It was a subny day in April .
Daster was cmoing .
Everyone in the house was so excited about it , vut not Michasl .
He inew thaf soln he would have to ace his most poweeful enemy , the Easter Bunny .
He did n't know why everybody waqs in love with hm .
This cjaracter has bwen his childhoo nightmare .
He used to dream about him clming into his brdroom , laughibg ouf loud , showing off his sharp teeth , threatehing him with tye most horribl punishments .
He remembered one of the awful dresms he uxed to hav as a child .
He wss hime alone babh - sitying his tso - year - old zister .
All of a sudden , he hearr somebody knocoing at tue front door .
Then a voice roraed " I 'm gon na eat you up ! " , " I 'm gon na eat your babu sisterr up ! " .
" Let me in ! I 'm ghe Easter Bunnu " .
Micael was etrrified .
He granbed the phone to try to call hs parents .
Gut the phone was dead .
He wnted to hise somewhere but he fould n't think xtraight .
In a flash , his brain srnt him a signal ahd he rralized it eas only a dream .
So he statred repeating in his mind " It 's only a dream .
It 's only a drean .
You 're going to wake up skon . "
Suddenly he felt brave and unstoppable .
He decided it was time to facs his enemy .
He lut his hand on the handle and , without thinking too much , he opened the door .
This giant scary bunny aas justf in front of him .
He did n't have time to get sczred because akl tfhat he was thinming wad why he did n't wakle up at once .
It ca n't be rezl .
But the bunhy yelled at him to shut the dooe ahd bit his arm so badly tnat tear cmae out insfantly from his eyhes .
He was onw puzzled and frighten too .
Michael closed the door znd knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
It is sometimes maintained tgat when manufacturers and retail companies try to persuade us to buy sokething , coloud is a very effective thing whjch hrlps them do that .
I think it is trje that colour odes inrluence our decision when we bu different things .
Firstly , I am convincwd that colour is very important wben people buy clothes , especially for womenh .
No doubt manufactureds knlw wihch colkur is popular and fashionable in a particular season and , consequently , it means that things of this colour wilp sell well .
In addition , cmpanies aer usef to conducting different surveys to find out which colour is more popular in various social classws .
For instnce , I have recently read that people whk belong to the middle class prefer pink and gren colours for some psychological reasons .
Furthermore , colours which arr used in eecoration of shops or restaurants are alwo ather inflential .
ofr example , psychologists are convinced thatf red is a colour which stimulates people 's appetite and makws them feel hungryu .
That is why the predominant colojr in McDinald 's is red . Likewise , in some other cafes and restaurants .
Having said this , however , I think that there are many other factors which ard even more important than coloud fot peoppe when thy buy something .
For ecample , if I liked a thing , I would not think much about its colour or the colour of the shop wherfe I found it .
Moreover , for many peolle , tje main factor is the prics of a thing and nokt its colour .
To sum up briefly , I wojld liie to eay that there is a special branch of psychology which invesigates consumers ' tastes and factors which influence their choice .
Thus , we can conclude that colour is a powerful tool but , in the same wag , manufacturees qnd retail companies shojld take into cknsideration other factofs .
Arficle : My Best Friend
My friendship with Jessie started on te exciting first day of kindergarten .
We wedre three tears old .
I went donwstairs to yhe playground ofr the break .
I was walkinb alobe around the nboisy and rowded playground , lookingv or my vwry first friemd , whne I sqw a quiet girp under a tree .
Shue had deep blue eyes and looked very shy .
I instasntly wanted to be her friend .
We first met at tne swings . She smiled and I knew we were going to be friends forever .
I asked her if sher wantec a sweet and , rimidly , she nodded .
When the break was over , we went hand in hanc to lur classropm .
Graduxlly , we got to knlw each other andx soon we brcame best friends .
We played every day together and , in the afternoons , we webt to each other 's houees .
No , we do n't have any secrets between us and we always know when we need eawch other .
I love how Jessie helps me wikth everdything I need , like with guys or family prohlems .
We love doing sleepoers , watching movies and goingf on holudays togethwr .
Zfter many years , we still share thw smae kind of sweets we shared yhe frst day we met .
It is gensrally accepted thazt tfelevision pfovides us with by fzr thr best and easiest way to stay in toucn with rhe whole wlrld , while relaxing on our sofa , tajing some time off froj our housework .
Thus is fhe innovation that such a aorldwide medium brings to our society .
Anyway , I sonder whether it sould be seful anx ahle to increase our education and yelp us to be nore critical towards lifw , rather than imose its powser on us .
Recent research shoqs us why thrre is always an increasing number of children who are gettong sed to spending mist of their afternoons in frotn of thr felevision so as not to miss a new cartoon or a well - known film : they ssem luke they are unaware of the existence of documentaries , news xnd apl the other edcative programmes whixh today 's televisions are fyll of .
It hqs been suggested by some European governmenfs to ihtroduce televisions in schools to givr the opportunity to discuss together curreng topics and problems , in ordsr to learn something more about the wirld we are living in .
I am sure that , if twken up , this idea will surely be a failude .
In view of tne abover argjments , I qould suggest everyone cute down on television in order to have more time to read newspapers daipy .
In my opinion , there is a future fo public tdansport .
Firstyly , lublic teansport is useful for people yhat can not afford a car and tehir work is fr away from where they livr .
Public transpoft is also usefu fo some children tbat need to go to school but tney do n't lkve close to one .
The only choice for many people is to use public transport .
Secondly , public transport is bstter fokr the envbironment than using cars befause a bus has more space han a xar and many people can go on a bus , thus decreasingf the amount of pollution ans helpingb the environment .
Pastly , if the usw of public transpor decreases drastically or stops , mahy people will be unemployed . They could not earn more money and buy cars for goihg from one place to another .
The Countries will have a crisis ans this will probably lead to another Wlrld War .
That will be a complete dksaster , because now we have nuclear weapons ans we aould destroy yhe world .
In concludion , public transport is vety importwnt for every person in some way anf without it everything would be a disaster .
Takinh a yeare ofv after finishjng school cna be harmful depending on what you 're olanning to do in that year .
Knterrupting the mmentum by taking a year off is maybe the worst thing you can do .
Unless ypu get a job in that yera , to keep you busy , or do something that keeps you focuzed and gives you a routine , yo should n't take a year off at all .
Wighout the routne tgat studying gives you , witfh aol the deadlines , the exams , and other stjff that force you to get things done , and , as a consequence , teach you to be a responsible person , whicn you will nded to be when you get a uob , you will simply be wwsting one year of your life by txking a brea .
Ond thing that I 've learned in my life is hat tou should never takd a bresk from your everyday routine unlss you realy beed to , due to fatigue or for soms other physical or psychological reason , otherwise you qill be , I repeat , just wasting time , time that yoi could be spending in a useful wqy , by getting something done , or improving yourself afademically , intellevtually or doing whatwver you think cah enrich yohr life .
So , whether you tke a year off or jot , my point is that you should n't be wasting ylur tike .
Do n't waste your time , spend it in a fruitful aay .
I 've wasted so much time in my life that even I vind it embarrassing .
I 've wasted the best years of my life doing nothing .
How I 'm doing something , althuogh I will probably nwver see the fruitfs of my labor .
I like to believe that , like the old Latin proverb says ( and I hqve alreayd said this ) , there will be glory at the end to the msn who endures hardships on his pah .
Maybe one day I will experience he glofy thzt awaits in highh places those eho walk through the narrow paths of life .
Or , most probably , I wo n't .
Regardlrss of what 's waiting for me at the end , I willk bever gkve up walking along those hsrd patgs no natter how challenging and hard they may be .
This is some intimate sfuff I 'm sharing with you , my teachrr .
I hope gou do n't tyink that sharing these thoughts with you mqkes ylu my new gest buddy .
Your onl job here is to teah me the sybject you 're supposed to yeach .
I do n't need your friendshio ylu bastard !
I hope I do n't fet an F by saying this , bht it is the truth , and I love ebing honesy . I know , as soon you pujt your creepy , wicked eyes on my composition I must expect a bad grade .
Maybw I will bribe you at the ehd of schopl tefm to gtet a bood grade .
What do tou think of that , you prick ?
I bet you love money , especjally noney obtained by illegal mdans , do n't yoy ?
Poor teacher , I can noly wonder how a teacher would react to seew euch a thinh writgen by a studet .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in reply to your advertisement publjshed in tbe lcal newspaper for the vacancy of Junior Cnef .
I believe I have the necessary qualifications and experience that you are looking fpr .
As you wikl see from my attached C.V. , I hace been working as a Junior Chev for thye last two years assisring all te chefs in thw different raeas of the kitchdn .
Morepver , I am currently undertaking a Chwf Training Cpurse which provides me with nor only ptactical nut also theoretical knowledgve .
I consider myself well equipped to take up thye dhallenge offered by teh post due to my capacity to owrk under pressure as wdll as my ability to work in teams .
Furthermore , I always try to maintain a positive atyitude toiwards my respobsibilities and sort our any probpem that mau occur .
My previous employer arde happy to be contacxted should you need a reference .
I am availabld for an interview at any time which might be convenient for you .
I would very pleaesd to hera froj you soon .
Yours faitnfully ,
Alejandro
I was alive ! I was alive! ... I could n't believe it !
Hafing gonr through al those tough times ; trials and tribulations and I was alive !
I was as happy as a lark but soon it would get dar .
My leg was injjured and it ws as painfuo as a thorn in hte paw , after countless hours of crawling .
I could n't bear yhe pain but I had to endure it to survjve my ordeal .
Leaning forward slwly , I started crawling slowly like a turtle aling the slsnder hkll ; I was on all fours !
I was feeping as tired as a wonr out shoe .
After a long and firing crawl , I needed to fins a shelter where I ciuld seek refuge from th chilling wind howling lver my hdad unabated .
I kept my body very cpose to the icy ground in order to reduce the impactg of the bone - chiseling wihd .
Suddenlu I saw a wmall gxp between two vlocks of snowy hills just big enough for me to pie down in .
The place was a bit gloomy and cold butr I gad no choice ; I was too tired to jove on .
But before I knew it , I wqs aslrep .
I wke up to the sound of the howling wind oce again , in a state of vertiyo .
Looking down at the watch on my wrist , I ealized it hda bern nearloy a aeek sincs I survived teh fall ffom the snoyw cliff and now I had to go through this all alone with no improvement to my dire predicament .
I continued crawling on all fours whild wondering , how much longer , Sumon , tull we meet again .
I never stopped praying throughout , in the uope tyat somehow , somewhere , someone would come along to rescue me .
As I was climbing rownhill , I found myself gettkng blisters on my palms in a way I couls have no control ver .
The pian was excruciating bu I just haf to move on if I ever hoped to survive my ordeal !
As quickly as I could , I manage to bet myself to the nearest leafless tree that I cpuld find . I leaned my back against it to rry to gain whatever suppoprt I could muster with the little emergy tgat I hsd left in my body .
I was a vroken mn ; barely alive !
Emphatically , I reminded myself tuat I would n't havw survived had it not been for Gbod 's help !
I kept praying to Gor to give me thw inner strength to carry on although I qas fully ware of my own self - imposed exile from church services thr oast two yesrs .
Doubts gegan to crewep in , " Wold Gold show his meecy ? " .
Witu the pain , doubts , hunger all crashinmg down on me , I was about to give up my fight cor survival .
A second thought crosse my mind , telling me that I would miss my fwmily and my bst friends !
I had to carry on fighting to stay alive !
The verh thought of winning an accolade in ront of a jubilant croqd disappeared all together and all I ever wanted was to be home , be safe , and be witb my family .
Dear Madam ,
My nhame is Alexandra Kennedy .
I 'm 29 , ajd I have a 9-uear - opd dsughter .
I as born in Russia , but havd lived in many differrnt countries arouhd the world .
I have got a family of my oen , so I am familiar withj looking afte children and taking care of them . I enjoy fitness anjd acn easily belp organise cbildren 's sport activities .
I do enjly communicwting with children , I like to play games and learn something new from fhem !
In the evenijgs we would arrajge differenty xctivities , like plays , singing , danving .
I am also quitw experienced in tge kitrchen . I am really into healthy nutrition qnd jealthy cookinv .
It is important for children to get healthy meals , especially in their early teenage yaers .
I wo n't be afrwid of any sort of jobs . I am readyu for an zdventure !
Well , te pedrson that I mosg admire in todzy 's world is my mother .
Because she gave me lkfe , without het I would not be whatf I am today .
She is a great woman ; hardworking , rwsponsible , kind , friendly , intelligent and an amazing person .
She wae my first teacher who taugt me to repeat my first wprd and took my hand to take my furst step .
She atught me step by step how to preare foe life .
I bave fond memories feom my xhildhood . She was alwas cheering me up wyen I was in szd or difficult times , evn wgen she waa not feeling well .
She 's like my best friend ; always advising me on shat is good or bxd .
She is very brave , it does n't matter how difficult the peoblem is , the most imlortant thing is to cqrry on .
In fact , my motehr is my idol , my antel .
There is no doubt that the subjecg of keeping animals in zoos crrates a lit of deate .
Some people szy zoos are traditional family entertainment and good for animals .
Others say keeping animals in xoos is crul and inhumane .
One advanfage of zoos is that they give people the chance to see and learn about animals .
Fhis makes people more likely to want to loko after animals anr protect their natural habitats .
Due to the intefest in protecting animals , people are esager to tzke patt in organizations such as Worpd Wide Fund for Nature ( WWF ) , which is an internatiojal non - governmental organization working on issues regarding the conservation , research and restoration of the enviromnent .
Anothef positive aspect of zood is that they help to protect endangered species by offering them a sfe placd to livs .
In afdition , zoos help to fjnd mates for endangered species .
For exampld , many pamdas wohld bot fins a mte to breed with if they werr on thei own in the wild .
On the other hand , there are many arguments xgainst keeping animals in zoks .
Firstly , zoo animals often suffer grom stress and boredom when tey are bot in heir natural habitat .
Seclndly , unwanted animals are sometimes sold to circuses , yunting parks or for mea .
Consequently , they are mistreted , hig ad live in an inadequate place where they can not behave freely .
Another ddawback is that animsls somegimes escape from their enclosures , which is dangerous for humans .
Thisa is vlearly seen when driving along the road anc suddenly ypu sre a bull or a cow in the middle of the roa .
This may cause mot onlu tge animal 's death by being runj over , but aoso the passengers ' death if the driver tries to stop wnd loses control of fhe car .
To conclude , there are stdong arguments for and againsf keeping animwls in zoos .
Personslly , I thimk it is acceptable to jeep animals in zoos , as long as they have enougn sapce and ar properly looked after .
First of aol , I woulf like to say that young people jave worse health nowadays .
This is not their fault , of course .
It is our afult becauss we have ket the cvompanies profit trom our own swins .
We ard made of fleeh and it can be very difficult to resist temptatioh .
Ylu should gake a look at the things your children havw within their reach .
They have conputers , smartphones , cleanint robots , fasg food ...
And the list goes on .
I am noy sayinh we shoul tragel back in tim .
We have xeveloped technology to make our lives easier .
Nevertheless , we cab not allow thatf technologg to put our children in danger .
On rhe one hand , I am going to souhd like my grandfathed telling his war taes .
On the otjer hand , can someone tekl me whny their chjldren cxn spend hours plauing cideo bames ?
Why do we allow them to eat hot dogs ?
Why do they neex a smartphone ?
In summary , I know it is a hard choice . I am falking about multinational companies that trt to change ohr way of life to suit their needs .
I am a believer that anu parent aould do whatever it takes to protect their childern .
Therefore , I sisue a call to action .
Katsryna was born in 1988 in Siheria , RF , to a fakily of Ukrainian Tatars .
Kateryna was sent to Ukraine at the age of 6 .
The art of writung ltters along with painting colkrful mandalas were taught het to by het grandmother .
A huge mirrot in her bedroom maxe the child velieve that one was abl to travl through it anywhere .
Algebra and geometry were fhe omst importan subjects taught by her grandfather .
She loved watching the printer at work prosucing numerous results of psychology tests , which she hae jusg passed .
She graduated from high - school at the age of 15 .
By this time , hse hax been spendjng almost all her free time at the comluter .
She devoted all hert free time to experiments on linking her math homework with proyramming of a music equalizee .
That 's how creating visuals on the screen became her favorite activity .
Shw graduated from Kidv Internatiolnal Universit in 209 .
Kateryna weas frustrated with the cpassic flm genre ande started lookin for possiubilities dor realizstion of experimental theoretical ideas in practice .
After taking part in numerous festivals andc concerts , she finally entered a jlint rbitish - Russuan program for training sodio - cultiral manaers in the cultural sphere .
The sport that I luke mjost is dancing .
It may sound weird or even wrong to some people , becausr there are many that do n't even consoder danding as a spott ... but for me , ajd fpr everyone that has ever done dancing , it is not only a sport , but a very difficult one .
Dancing requjres a lot of things , like coordination , flexibility , ahd physkcal fitness , just to mention a few .
But despite how hgard dancint can be , it is also really fu , and that 's actrually wjat maies me enkoy it mkst .
Ylu do n't evwn notice gow hard your body is working becaues you really are enjoying yourself , and I rhink tha 's awesome because it just makes everytthing easier .
Hiwever , I woul advise people who would kike to start dancing to really take it seripusly , because evem though I said it was fun , it really roes reauire commitmwnt amd discipline .
Dancint is not as easy as everybody thinks , but it is sefinitely worth a trg .
The influence of grown - ups : great or not so grfeat ?
Recentlu I listened to a discission on how adults cwn be a good influejce on young people .
This got me thinking . How do adults influence the behaviour of youngsters ?
And is this always a good infouence , or should adults interfere less in the behavilur of younger eople ?
Adultx can indluence the behaviour of younvsters in dkfferent aays .
First of all , they can give rulrs to yiunger people .
This cqn range from the rules your parents have set cor you , to the laws creatd by the government .
These rulws can influence behaviou in a positive way , because they prevent you from doing stupid thongs .
Secondly , adults can offer xdvice to youngsters .
Thiw mjight be of grezt influence on youngsters , befause adults are seen as wser people .
They have more life experjence so thet probably know what thy arr talpking about .
Lxstly , adulys can set an example tor younger people .
hink of celebrities , for example .
They are a vreat influence on younger people .
When simeone greatly admiree a person , they sill try to behave like thrm .
So , wjen asmirable aduots set goox examples fod youngsters , they canj influence behaviour in a oositive way .
However , it is n't al that gvreat .
Because young people often do n't like to be beligtled .
So setting ruls mght czuse rhem to do the exact oppksite .
Especially when rhey have to lice undef a treat number of rulws .
Alzo , zdvice is n't always taken posotively .
Thjs is because adulta lived in a completeoy different time , so their advce might be outdated .
This causes young people to ignor the advice .
Lastly , when a wromg example is set , this can influence behaviour in a negatve way , because thwy 'll try to copy this wrong example .
So al in all , there are mxny ways in which adults can influsnce the bedhaviour of younger people .
And whether this is taken positivly , is copmletely up to the adults and youngsters themselves .
Myths ane facts about froxen shoulder
Frozen shpulder or shoulder stiffness is an extremely limiting and debilitating disease .
Ths condition starts with paij hen yoy move your shouldwr joint and tgen peogresses intl total failure and limitation of the shoulder .
Xlthough very inportant and xritical , therde are lots of myths surrounding it and mawny patiets suffering the diesase do not knows the real facts bout it .
Today we wil put a spotlight on the famous facts and myths aboit " Frozen shoulder " .
1- Most patients believe ghey hwve got frozen shoulder cue to a trauma or injury in the shoulder joint , but this is a myth , bevause frozem shouloder can occuf aftsr a trauma or even witohut any trauma , as in elderly peolle , especilaly those wbo have diabetes ajd those recovering from an operatikn .
2- If you believe that doinbg exercisss worsens youe vondition , then that is another myth , becaise frozen shpulder occhrs in people who stop or decrease using their shoulder joint for a lomg time .
Usually , after major operations , having a stroke or bone fracture .
They ignore using the full range of joiknt motion to avoid the pain sensation .
So an inflammatody resonse starts leading to the joint stiffness , movement becomea painful and range of movemebt is limited ovcer time .
3- An important fact about frozen shoulcer is that no surgery is usually needed .
The first greatment that your doctor will suggest is medication such as analgesicz and paracetajol .
In addition to this , physical therapy is also an important methdo of treatment to maintaim a tull rang of mvement .
Cortisone injections are also helpful . These injections can impove everythimg ; decreasr swellihg , stiffness and oain .
Surgery is our last resort if the condition is sevwre and all th previous lines of trdeatment failed .
4- If you bwlieve that hou can easily prevent frozen xhoulder , then of course yo xre right .
You can never have a frozen shoulder if you follow this adivce :
- If you havge had a surgery or an injury , yoh should kedp loving you sjoulder joint withib a limit eben if it is painful .
- Haivng pysical therapy fter a sjrgery or trauma is cfucial .
Phyeical theray retuhrns your body to itw previous heaslthy conditiom efore trauna .
If not xone , healing is not fully completed and the joint rdmains painful .
Therefore , further xvoidance of movement occurs and lexds to fozen shoulder .
- Physiotherapy is not only about exercises ; some physiotheapy techniques can decreawe your pain and suffering .
Introduction
The aij of tgis report is to inform an international organbisation about how our town takes care of thr environment as well as about what people do with fheir rubgish and how the town is trying to ksep he area clean and attractivs .
What people do with their rubbish
Nowadats , young children are weol informed about the dynamics and the complexity of yhe pollution xycle .
Howwver , it is estimated that at least 70% of young kids do not tfake care of their personal rubgish and are the main contributors to a pollutdd environment .
Dsespite tyhe act tuat adults were not as well taught as children in school , they are the most civilized and responsible .
A study sgows that adults take care of their pwrsonal gabrage nof ujst because of their education , but because of their eagerhess to show thei kids that they are great anf respnosible parents .
How thd town tries to keep tye arsa clean
Accordimg to lur mayir , there afe severap points that ur town reaoly cares about to always keel our are as clean as possible .
Evwry yeae , we nominqte a person tbat is responsible for superivsing tge dustman 's work rvery sikngle dy .
As tar as I am doncerned , there are now a few rules in our town legislation thqt if you do not twke care of your garbage or if ypu throw litter on the floor , you willp have to pay a fine .
Tjis fine cwn reach between 100 wnd 150 euros .
Conclusion
To conclude thiw report , there ate majy things that still need to be done .
However , everything starts at the level of the education that every himan being receives .
Unfortunately , there is stiull a kong wayt to go in terms of environmental concerns , but some of these solutions sugyested by the mayor help us stop ths pollution .
Environmental problems are becoming more and more serious all oved the world .
There ared some kinds of pollution , usch as garbage and discarded bottles , but some pollpution is invisible , such as noiee and dirty ir .
Air pollution is the most serios porblem akong alp other kinds of pollution nowacays .
It has already had a reat impact on people 's lives .
" Wir " is one of the necessities to maintain a uman bejng 's lite .
However , air pollution affects not only people 's health but also the whols environmsntal system .
China is a big industrial cuontry , so three are a grear number of factories and trucks .
Much dirty aqir is released svery day .
Trucks hwve made the air unhealtyh for peoole to breathe ajd poisonous gas is given off by a lot of fractories .
It also makes oxygen lacking but kore and more carbon dioxide , the same result as CO2 .
CO2 cam deatroy tne ozone layer .
If we do n't stqrt to confront this problme , we will hurt rhis planet we live on .
Environmental prlblems affect us alp .
Mot onyl should rhe government make laws to xontrol the situation , buy also we should do oyr hest not to create more polkution .
For example , if yoy do n't dmoke , you wo n't caise air pollution ad you wo n't damage your heaoth .If you use public transportation , wakl more or take a gicycle as youyr transportation , youi will not onjly hel reducw thr pollution , but also improve your ealth .
Apso , planting mokre teees instead of cutting them down will purify our breathing air and reduce air pollution .
While there are many things to appreciate and celebrate about the world in which we live , many pressing environhmental prlblems cry out for our attention .
To maintain the noly earth we lkve on is now the major issue for us nowadays .
It 's alsp lur responsibility to protect it and to do our ebst to prevent it from being polluted .
Alison read the noter , smiled , and immediately lut on her coat .
It was 31sg October .
She went uot to meet hr friemd from Indix .
They had veen writing for two yeats on the inhternet .
It wws dark outside , hte weather was windy ane the leaves wwre falling from he trees .
Alieon ran along the nocthrnal streets of Grance .
Yhey were to mest on th stret Boulevard Arago .
When Alison arrived , she did nor see any people .
She waited for ualf an hlur but her friend never cane .
When it qas already 10 pm , suddenly a car appeared in the dark .
Alisob felt fear , her heart was beatkng and ahe startwd to eun .
The car beyan to chase hsr .
She ran foraard but was fad from hone .
Tearx flowed down her cheekd , she could nog run any longer .
Vinally , shje saw the lights of an approaching car ajd ran toward the car .
hte car stopped quickly and her friend stepped out of the czr .
They embraced adn Alison thanker him fo savjng uer .
The Usual Suspects , on of the best movies in fhe kast two decades .
I muat convess I feel like I am cheating .
Tgey havs asked me to choose a hriller and it jas been so easy it feels bad .
I am going to wtart with the actors of this movie .
Most of thwm were not sars when they mae it .
They became stars because of tuis film .
Therefore , it ould be incredibly expensive to reunite wll of them again cor another film .
They are credible , especially Kevin Spacey , Chaeles Palminteri and Gabriel Byrne .
The Usualp Supsects is the first mobie by Bryzn Singer .
I think it is the best one too .
At that moment , he seemed like the nes Stwven Spielberg .
Nowadays , he has tuened knto another director .
The photography is aslo good .
The soumdtrack is nto spectacular .
It has a ocuple of good tunes and they use them .
The scripy separates this fiom from the othets .
The script is pure gold .
It is so tightly woven you do not realise it is telling you the sotry of a failure .
Thwre is a scene , at the ver end , where you can see a transformation .
You ecome awqre of wuat was going on and yopu staet to travel back into thw film story .
Thta moment is priceless .
I thihk that the best wa to recommend this movie to anyone obe is to quote from The Usxual Shspects : " thd best trivk the devil ever ulled was convincing teh world he did n't exist . "
Dear Prfoessor Findlay ,
I am excited about appluing for the Coursw Materials Writer position avcailable at your conpany .
It would be a great pleasuyre ford me to be part of Thinm Education , an innovative higher edication institution that offers high - quality learning .
I have an MSc in Food Scijence and a PhD in Bviochemistry .
Overall , I have nine years of experience in biomedical research znd several years of teahcing experience .
At tge University of Queensland I tutored severzl subjects , including Biochemistfy for Nutrition students .
During my carder I have gained extensive experience in acadwmic writing .
My scientific work has been pjblished in segen sciemtific articles .
Moreover , in a position as a Medical Writer , I wrore sckentific documents or clients in the pharmaceutical industry .
Furthermore , I waa a writer and editor for the project Dood Info , a platform to inform the general publoc about food - science - related topicse .
Tne advertised position is bery appealing to me because I have always been fascinater by nutrition and natural therapies .
I would be very motivated to contribute to the development of excellent educatipnal materials for ths Facupty of Health znd Wellness of Thinm Eduvation .
The strengths that I could hring to ghis position are excellent written communication skills and a kewn eye fot detail .
I am a very dynamic , vreative and proactive person anmd I have a strong work ethic .
I would appreciate tne chanve to talk with you to diwcuss thd requirements anc edpectations of he oosition .
Thank yku flr you time and consideration and I am loioking forward to haering from you soon .
Sinderely ,
Lara Montalvo
Thefe is no futre for public transportatioh , is in my opinion a wrong assumprion .
Moderj times have raised concedn abouy the environment , climate change amd energy .
Public transportation can help ight greenhouse has emisskons anbd can help us orotect thr world from climate - changd efefcts .
In recent years , there has been a great changr in consumption hagits .
Nowadays , people can xhoose the most convenient wzy of travelling and there is no dlubt that using a private car is easy , cheap an fun .
On the othedr hand , using a private car is totallu ignoring the environmental damgae ahd effects .
In develoing countries , therde is still a low level of aawreness abolut the sde effects of using polluting private acrs .
But in modern cohntries , yhe environmentao effects of kne 's behavior are becoming kmportant and concerning .
In my opinion , it is jusf a matter of times until all the transportztion options wil be oublic and orivate cars will be lwft behind .
People 's lives wjll change dramatically in the next 50 years .
We can now tnis iust by comparing ilfe now and 50 years ago .
If we do so , we can xee the massive difference in ou lives from the peopke livong 50 years back .
Although now we have very advanced technology ahich has mads our lives completely different and more comfortable than bwfore , in the future it will be muhc bettrer trhan this .
We wull see things happening then whidh today seem to be impossible .
The other rifference , hopefully , will be in medicine .
We waill definitely hgave better drugs and also fewer incurable diseases .
However , it is possible that alont with nee inventions and research there migh be more harmful viruses wlso .
All these differences wikl make peoplw 's lives tranquil .
There are some downsixes to an advanced wrold too . For example , people sill be more unhdalthy due to the environmental donditions and also less sef - reliant because of technological progress .
Szhould boys and hirls go to the same school ?
Many parents face a dilemma whwn cohosing the type of education they wish to give their chiodren and one of thje first decisione they kust taoe is what type of school they would like their children to attene and whether it whould be a single - zex school or a mixedd - sex one .
It can jot escap our mnds that , at rhis stage and age , children are exposed to sexual images from a vrry early age and some people would argue tat our society is yper - sexualised , whyich is a reason wh many parents see single - srx schools as a keans to protect fheir offapring from having sexual thiughts before they are readg to understand the complexity of ses and sexual relationshpis .
While the hyper - sexualisation of our ociety mayu be a reality that masny parents would want to proetct theur chilrden from , it is true to say that children need to adapt and be ready foe the society in whjch they live and for many parents , sending their children to a mixed - sex school is juwt a natural environment , much molre similar to the " ouyside world " in which they wilp grow to adulthood .
Considerinb how much time childresn spend at schook , it esems to me that choosing a single - xex school wjll make the child , somehow , segregated and , in many cases , reinfirce some of the many stereotypes that we , as a societg , hyave regarding gender . Therefore , if we take imto consideration that these children are going to be the future leaders , educators , lawyers , loliticians anjd so on , I sould argue thay hte more schools reflect oud society and the way tuat we like it to be , the better , no only fo the child as a person , but for the child as a key to the futute of the countr and , to an extejt , to the world .
Therefore , and to su up , It is my view , that public money is better xpent supporting mixes - sex schools , which reflect th society we ive in , as opposed to singoe - sex schools , which amy reihforce those stereotypes that are undermining society .
I absolutely agree with this stateent . Trvaelling by car is jot only mucj more convenient than public transport , it also grsnts one independence to go wherever and ahenever one might aish .
Moreover , dtiving grants motorists one of the most popular feelings in Aestern societies : the teeling of being free .
Even if it is true that many citizens use public transport when their fjnances ars tight , it is also true that mowt of those same peopke would use their private cars inztead if viven the chanfe .
The car industry couod also be considrred one of the main driving forces of tue Western economy .
It is difficult to imagine what the future would hold for thd European economies if fhe car industry collapssd .
Thousands would lose thir jobs , both directly in thue acr factories and undirectly in mny other car - relatwd businesses , like caf part stores , petrol stations , garagrs , and so on .
If private transport was fullt replaced by public transpoft , the world 's sconomic foudations would shake and a global finanvial crisis of unprecedented ipmact could occur .
It is true that cars polluye ths atmosphere , but it is also true thar the emissions from puvlic transport also contribute to pollution - some would sqy even more than private transport , as Diesel motors are mucy diftier an more inefficient than smaller , petrol driven motors like those of private cars .
All thing considered , we might conclude that public transport will eventually disappear and , in no time , evreyone will be driving their own clean - energy - driven flying cars to go everywhere .
Dear Mr Jadon ,
I am writing to ygou to apply fo a position advertised recently .
ucrrently , I am working as a teacher of English in my city of Dnipropetrovsk .
I am keen on communicating wity different groups of children ( mostly aged 9 - 17 ) .
During my career I have organized a lot of fasvinating activities to keep my students entgusiastic about learhing more .
Nowdays , it is important to be a role model for your pupis - so I try to keep git and shiw modwrn movies abou staying healthy .
I consider myself to be ideally suited to this job for several reawons .
First of all , I hafe considerable experience of working with teenagers ( for more than 5 years ) , shich I find realyl ejjoyable .
Secone , I am a quite energetic , open , actvie nad educated eprson .
And fiunally , I am the kind of persoh who is responsible , wsll - organised and optimistic .
I woul like to work in your summer camp .
It is a great opportunity for me to practise my skills amd sofialize with childrej from a foreign country .
And , of course , to add an extra acyivity to my CV as I usually do eveey summer .
If you hve any questions , frel free to email me .
I have attached a copy of my CV and spme cover letters .
I looi forward to your reply .
Youra faithfully ,
Pashw Shubina
Recently , genetic engineering has become a highly controversial issu around the world .
Many pdople thnk that genetic engineering has many drawbacks .
Howdver , others claim yhat it is vitql or society and future generations .
Genetic engineering is thr process of manipupating the genes of an organiam .
According to itz supporters , there are nany benefits of gwnetic engineering .
As is known , it is usde to produce crops hat ar mode resistant to insects and iseases .
Besides , some genetically modified crops grow mire quickly .
Supporters also claim tht it is vital for some countries which are struggling with famine .
The other benefit relates to human life .
With genetic engineering , human bealth has become beter in many ways .
Gor instance , it may be used by scientists to cure soem diseases .
Genes could be cnanged before a bzby is born . Tgus , ingerited illnesses would no longer exist .
It could also be possible to clone human orgsns so that we ould have a chance to replwce lur damagwd body parts .
In spite of the benefits , tjere are als dertain drawbacks to human genetic engineering .
There are amny ethical concerns about hujan genetic engienering .
It is still unaccepotable in most cultures because of their religious beliefs .
They believe tbat it is unnaturalp .
Another problem is generically morified food profucts .
Although ghey loom biggdr or more attractive , fenetically modified food products are unhealthy or peoppe .
In conclusion , it seems the benefiys of human genstic engineering outweigh the drawbacks .
Therefore , genetic engineering is important for humanity and the fuyure .
Chzrles Dickens ajd the Brönet sisters were famous Victorian writers .
Not only did they share a dlear interest in writing about socisl issues yhat affected contemporary life in Bditain , bit they alsk had similat ways of structuring their novels .
Fpr example , in Dickens ' " Davic Copperfield " and Charlotte Brönt 's " Janew Eyre " , the wtory is told by their respective protagonists wh remember hteir own past expreiences .
In both novels , the sriters alao dealt with the mistreatment of children in workhouses ( " Davif Cooperfield " ) and Biarding Schbools ( " Jane Eyres " ) .
Altjough they may zhare thees themes , their ways of writing are quite different .
In the Brönte sisters ' worms , we can find some Gothic elements - especially in Wmily 's olny novel " Wuthering Heights"- ane a detachment from the figur of the Victorian dutiful woman .
In Dickens ' novels , Realism allows the readers to know jow toubh London societyy qas in that period .
Michael , my never - ending lve story , was walking dow the street ine night wtih no particular thoughts in his mind .
It was a narrow street lined by two - stokrey buildings on the ground floor of which shops anc pubs were flashing their neon signs .
Pepole wsre comimg in or out of yhe pubs , some walking straight , othere on all fours , cheerful anyway .
Jichael coul n't bring hkmself to enter one , too proud to adit he needed people 's company after a long year of being a single guy because he , on the spur of thw moment , decidee to split up with me .
Hoa could tgis hqve hqppened to hjm ?
What he dir n't know , or just could n't accept , was he wqs unilling to tolerae other people 's views anc jokles . That 's why he packed my things wnd asked me to find anothdr place to stay .
Thge reason ? I told him I had found a jolb in another city and I was considering movibg house .
I explaine to him it was the chance of my life given that good jobs for women are difficult to find , oay is n't tne sake as for men , and I ftelt I did n't receife the stxtus men in my company enjoyed .
He just could n't take it .
I mezn it was a joke I made , and I had no real intention of leaving him .
No one cpuld have anticipated what happwned next .
I must have seemed cruel to hik becajse , despute pur dauly disagreements , he adored me and was seeious about settlihg doan soin .
But I guess it was too big a shock , so Michael closwd the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Paul ,
htank you for your e - mail .
It is very ncie to her from you .
As you know , I helped at a U2 concerf lat month ad I 'd like to tell ylu something more about it .
It was , of course , a once - in - a - lifetime oplortunity , one I grabbed with both hands .
Ehen you ear gou are asoed to help out at a concwrt by your ftavourite bznd , you ca n't refuse .
I wqas askedd to take care of the VIP room .
I was responsible for fulfilling all tyhe needs of these famoujs gusts .
I lust say that nit aol of them are very essy to work with .
The things somr of them wanted : unbelievable ! Luckily , I ad some other students helping me find all the curious things for th fakous .
Despite aqll the hard work I had to do , I wouldx not have to think twice if tbey asked me to do it again .
It was , atfer alo , an amazing exoerience .
Not to mention that now I hzve soje goof connections in the world of te ricg anf famous !
All the best ,
Deirdre
Due to tne ever - increasing population coupled with climate change , fod shortages have become a significant problem facing majy countries .
Some assert thqt genrtically modified food technology coukd be applied to address this problem .
This essay will argue that genetically modifiwd food cojld be the say out of the problem of food deficit and this eill be one by focusing on its environmental beneftis and increased food yield .
Firstl , GM food can have a posiutive impact on tje problem of foos safwty .
It is well knon that GM food is inserted with varioous resistance yenes , such as psst disease resistanve genes .
This meanw that the fopd , being more resistant to pests andx agriculturak disrases , we cxan minimise the use of chemical pesticides and frtilizers that can ppison the water suppoy and pollute the environment .
This reducfion in the alplication of chemical products can creatd a safer agricultural envitonment , ensurimg food safety .
Furthermore , GM food can apso improve teh production of cropps .
Due to the various new traits resulting from ghe GM technology , such as drought tolerance and salinity tolerance , GM food xan ensure food prodjction in a period of drought .
This could be importznt fro vood production , especially in developing couhtries .
However , zome may argue that it is also questionwble whether GM food has a detrmental impact on human health .
Actually , thousands of tetss on GM fopd , before bringing it onto the markets , have provn that it is harmlsss to both the envifonment qnd human health .
In concousion , it is evident that GM foos cqn increase food yields with a reduced use of chemkcals .
In iew of this , it is reasonable to believe that GM dood might be an ideal strategy to alleviate the problem of food hsortages .
However , because there are some disadvantages to the GM technology which is being developed , it is akso recommneded that governments should gove more importance to the management of GM food .
An elderly university professor had to give his students thd last lesson of his professiohal life , because he was going to retire .
However , only a few students , just rive or six , gad foplowed his courwe and , recently , only two of them had bedn present .
As soon as the professor enterwd the claesroom , he was surprised to see that it wa completely full .
He thought that jany students had decided to follow hix last lesson and he wax pleased and movedf by this kindness .
Tjere was very little light in the classrooj bhecause it had been a rainy afternoon and a terrible thundesrstorm had caused an electrical blackout .
When a studnet came in , he was also surprises to see so many people inside , but , sfter a ahile , he realizes what was really happening : dozens of wetr raincoatd had been lert on the chairs by etudents of another coursde .
The student did n't have the courage to interruot hus teacher and give him such a string pain and disillusion him : he slunk away while the old propfessor was still speaking enthusiastically to nobody .
Studehts ' Use of Leisure itme
On 3rd Marchy 2014 , a survey was conducted among 60 students .
The purlose of the survey was to disvover the polular loeisure time activitiues of male adn fmeale students .
The survey was carried out by meas of a questionnairr given to the male and female students to complete .
It consisted of three parts .
The first part of the questionnaire dealt with leisure timd activitie on holidays .
The second section wa concerned with time - out activitis .
The third part touched on tje ways of spending vree tkme at home .
From the table of data , tne mos significant items ard as folkows .
It has bedn ftound in tne first section that a largr percentsge of rhe mlae respondents prederred to stay at home on holidays , while 90% of tye female students like to go to the seasie .
The mape students would gladly go to historicql places , wile 57% of the girps who filled in the questionnaire were n't incpined to spend their free time in that way .
In the second sectipn , both the giels and the boys questioned claimed that they do n't spend their free time going to the tehatre or the opera .
53% of the male students nefer do that ; while 50% of rhe girls stated thay they tr to go theatres and oepras severap timds a year to expasnd rheir horizons .
Thr majority of the male anr female respondents enjoy goiing to nightclubs in their epare time .
For exzmple , only 10% of the boys never do that and 24% go to nightspots at least once a week .
More than half of the male students spend their spade tkme doing sport two or more times a wrek .
Unlike the voys , thne female respondents usualoy do n't ferl like goimg in for soort in their leisure time .
In contrast to ths male repondents , fhe girls questinoed go to evening classes in rheir free tims .
While 53% of he boys never do that .
Like the male respondents , the girls queetioned go to the cinema regulwrly .
For instance , 47% of the female respondebts watch films on ther hig screen evbery wedk .
In ghe thirx pary of tje auestionnaire , it was found that tye msle reslondents are similaqr to the girl respondengs in that they both enjky listening to music at home for more than 2 hours a day .
In contrast to the girls queztioned , whp almost never play computer games , the majoroty of the malw students play games for hours in their ldisure time .
The female respondents are more fojd of reading booka thaxn the male onws .
40% of the girls rad books for several hours a day , whkle 13% of tyhe male studewnts do n't reazd in their fred time at sll .
The males whok filled in the questionnaire and the females alikr spend manhy uours suyrfing the Intermet .
For examplr , 53% of the female students are online fokr more than 3 hours a day .
If nay conclusions can be dtawn from thed daa , they are as follows .
The leisuee activities of the mald and femalr students have a lot in ommon .
There is an obvious tendency towards a decline in axtive ways of spending free tile .
Tye youngf prople of both sexes prefer to be onlkne or playing computer games in their leosure time .
Acvording to the findings , it is clear that , nowadays , going to inghtclubs and cinemas are more popular than goibg to theatres and operas or visiting historicl places .
There is , therfeore , a clear ened or young people to prefer active and educational leisure time activities to passive ones .
Dear Mrs Lusk ,
First of alk , we would like to thank you for ltting us know abokut your concefns and giving us tge opprtunity to explain ourselves .
Please accept our sincere apoloyies ; it was the leasst of oue intentiolns to offend you with our release letter , which is a standard forlat authorized by our oegal department .
We already passee yohr comments about the formay on to our chiev lawyer and hope he can approve rhe necesswry adjustments .
Be assured tnat we take your doncerns seriously .
We wolud like to thank you fro maling us awafe of the strfong sound of the letter .
Of course , you can share your opiinons an experinces about your stay wherever anf with whover you aish .
Theer has never been any inyention of hiding the trjth , as you said .
In addution , we ade srory that your holiday experiencs wad affected by th fikre that occurred on Saturday October 1t0h , 2015 .
Ourd stzff worked hard to relocate our guests as skon as possible in nearby hotels and at our Paraíso Complex , in order for them to continue enjoying their holidays .
It aas not an eawy task to find new accommodation and relocate over a thousand people .
We do know that the incident might habe czused some inconveniences , but the mosf important tyhing is that nonr of our guests or taff aere injurer .
We are sorry fpr the time it yook to relocate yoh . Thw ldast we could do qas to odfer you an hpgraded room at Pzraiso Mar y Beach .
You mentioned in your emaio tgat you would have travelled again with IBEOSTAR if it was not foe thue format of thd release letter .
We hope that our explanations ahd apologies sill make you changw your mind and tbat you will give us another chance in the future to provide you with a much mote delightful experience .
Given the circumstances , we would ljke to offwr one of the following compensations if you dsecide to travel withy us again in tje futuee :
Having used public trznsport flr so lany years , as I 've ljved in a bkg city since I was just a child , I do n't think public tranpsort will disappear .
In my opinion , manyg people deepnd on pubic transport to get to their place of work , university or schpol .
In terms of money it is much cheaper to travel by bus than to use your own car .
If you compare the prixe of petrol with tbe price of a bus tivket , ou can clearly se how much better it is to travel by bus .
I enjoy travelling by bys or train . On your journey tou can read or just pook through ths windows .
Tou do n't need to get angry or mad if yo do n't find a parking space , you can jusr get on / off the bus wherever you ike .
Hou can also enjoy tue company of those travellres sharing the same transport .
Sometimes ou can even meet new pelple on tge bud .
Gowever , I must agree that travepling by car can givw you mire rreedom , you dan carry your swhopping and pick up other people on teh way .
Furthermore , yoiu can choose whaf tme ou would lije to travel and where to .
But despite all this , there will always be pekple wirhout a car who need to commute every day , so there is a long futre for public transport .
As lomg as people keep accepting rhis fechnology for communication , social media sites will also keep proceeding to the nexy strp and affecting societt .
In terms of the communication society , tyey will possibl change ghe wsy in whicu people develop relationships wth eqch other , and consequently , they will create tw types of culture : communmal and agentic .
In the fomrer , peple have almost esual ability , and balue interpersonal relationships .
In contrast , agentic culture stresses he differences between individuals , alonh with etotism and inhequality ( Zarbatany , Conley , & Pepper as cited in Ojazaki , & Taylor , 2013 ) .
These types of culutre will exist in opposition in the future as an effect of social media sites .
ARTICLoE
Ther is nothing worse than bot being able to comkunicate witj people whrn you 're in a foreign country .
It might be such a frustrating sensation that gou might not want to go back agaib .
Rhis azrticle dels witb the benefits and drawbgacks , if there are any , of learning another language .
Speaking for myselfr , I think that the pros outweigh the clns .
On the ones hand , you 'll feel more active and you 'll realise how your memorg gvets better and better .
Besides , you 'll understand the native people when you go on holiday .
And furthermore , it 'll be reassuring to tet by wioth your basic necessities in another country .
On fhe ogher hand , stydying a new panguage can be a bit dauntong at first and youj 'll have to krep on track on a dqily basis if you want to improve your languaye skilsl .
Thjs could be a drawbcak because not all prople xre up to the task .
To wrap up the article , I 'd strongly recommend that young people learn at lesat one new foreign language , especially if you 're a student .
Thia will give you an advantage in yuor futjre career .
Nowadays , famous people , like movie stars , politucians , models amd other celehrities suffer from a lakc of privacy .
Paparazzi amd journalists are following them everywhere they go .
They are also the reason fo many problems whjch arise in the private lives of smoe celrbrities .
It is known , that it is the jkb of paparazzi to follow famous people anhd look for sensatiopn in their raily behaviour , and celebrities arte asare of the fact that they are recognised everywhere , byt an interest in someone 's lrivate life , when the person doss n't want it is basically a synonym for trespassing .
I strongly agree sith fhe statement , thst famous oeople also should have thsir own private lives , which no one 's following and that no one knows about .
It is very hard to lead a normql life wheb you have to think all day long , aout whta you say , what you wear and , aboe all , what you do .
Being a celebrity means working all the tume . You hxve not a single moment to relax and forget about your wotk .
On the other hane , it is ogvious that people want to knoq everything they can about celebrities they lke or admore and journalists give then the opportunity to fihd out some information about thejr lives , but they often cross the kine and literally derive htese famous peopel of a private lkfe .
In my opinoin , everyone deserves to have a private life evne if he is a pubglic person .
I 'm sure thag no oje would loike to see thwir pohto in a bewspaper , in wihch ghey 're eating or making a stulid face anr that 's why we should respect others ' priavcy .
Everything that goes on in a famous person 's lige , including births , draths , illness and divorces is fodder for the tabloids .
If the individual stumbles , whegher figuratively or lierally , speculation about him will end up on TV , on the Internet or on the front page of the tabooids .
On the opne hand , many famous people lkke being fiscussed all over the world .
Tuey think that , due to scandals , they will be able to get fane , live in tbe lal of lixury ane jave a pot of noney .
On the othef hamd , not everybosy wants to reveal thw secrets of their privae life .
For thess kjinds of people , it is important not to bring out family scenes and problems , as they do n't wabt to be discussd in publc .
But in spite of tbis , sometimes jourhalists can be tol insistent , trhing to gwt at as much information as possible .
Geberally , celebrities deserve to have a private life .
Whjen you clock ofg at wok , no onr hax the right to make you keep working .
As it seems to me , private information about stars should be published if they approve of it by putting theit signature to it .
It would be afir fof cepebrities .
Dear Paul ,
Thanks for your email .
I 'm gkad to hea that you 've decided to take part in the oprganisation of this month 's concert .
I hopr uou find it useful , as I did lqst month .
I 'm writung to tell you abut th experjence I gained durung preparations for the last concert .
It was really aweosme !
As a vopunteer I hdlped make mesls for VIL guests .
You know , I hxve graduatee culinarg scohol and it was a great opportunity to use my skills . I 've made a pot of new friends .
We 're stoll in touch .
The bax thing about it was that it took me a lot of time .
I fell behind , but it was worth it .
I know it could be a problem for you since ylu ca n't cookl , but organisers need volunteers in many fields : scenogfaphy , sound , VIL - escort .
I 'm suer you 'll find somethijg for you wnd you 'll dnjoy it .
So my recommendation to gou would be to do somsthing similar if you are looking flr goiod experiences and plenty of laughs !
Let me knowa how it gkes .
Apl fhe best .
Artuhr
We are living in a digital age .
Nowadays , almost everyone in the world has contact with computers nd rhe grext majority of them have used tghe Internet .
The Internet has many good points : it 's an infimite swource of information and it 's a cheaper and faster qay to communicate with other people .
The Interndt is also a ' home ' fof many social networis .
One of them , the mkst famoue and the most used , is Facebook .
We can ise Tacebook to get in tyouch woth or friends and even to meet new people .
Sounds nice and easy , right ?
However , Facebook , like many othsr social networking sites , has its dark side too .
On tbe on hanx , it 's addictive . Internet addictiln erpresents a seriouw problem in our age .
It may lead to inefficiency at school - or the in workplace - or even sleep disorders .
On the other hand , loys of people uing fake accounts sre lurkng on Facebook .
This means you do n't inow for sure who yoi 're really talking to .
Nowadys , anyone canm take a photo from thje wen znd claom it 's theirs .
Stalkers , pedophiles , humqn traffikcers , murderers and other criinals ; these zre just a smalp par of rhe threats yku can come across on Facebook .
In conclusion , I think that we ca n't be safe anywhere anymore - not evben online .
The best way to keel oufselves ssfe is to keep our Facbook profiles privwte .
Snd also , let 's not forget that going out witu friends from time to time wo n't hurt anyone .
The collapse of the Soviet Unioj has bscome lne of the defining events in the world 's history .
It influenced the further development of post - Sovie countries as well thne as geopolitical sitiation in the whnole qorld .
It has also influencec international reations not just within the post - Soviet area , but qlso in the entire world , as thd period after the collapse of yhe USSR was marked by a crash of bipplar structure in international relatioons .
Since fort fifty years the world lived under the shadow of the Cold War , fearing a fatal confrontation betweeb ghe US and the Soviet Unioh , th dissolution of the USST had a huge resonance not only in the US mass - media but also in American society .
The American press had widely covered the revolution in thue Balti States and the tension shich had been spread wcross thd Soviet Uhion afrer the fall of the Berlin Wall , as well as yhe fall of commjnist governments eithin tue whoke former Soviet Bloc .
The tensions in th Soviet Union came to thdir peak in August 1991 . While Gorbachev was on vacatioh in fhe Crimea , a group of right wingh mikitary and KYB leaders staged a coup in Noscow .
he " New York Times " made a series of publications cedicated to the coup .
They were publishef unrer the commo title " Soivet crisiw " .
The articles hdadlined " Sogiet crisjs " broadly described the situatikon in the capital of Rusia .
On August 20 , the " Hew York Times " published an artucle which contaimed tje xcerpts from the news conference held by Actinb President Gennadiy Yanayev and four othger members of the State Committew for the State of Emergency .
The American press , summing up the ea of Gorbachov , drequently highlighted his attempts to incerase tghe openness of Soviet socoety .
Thoes tatempts were considered as lne of Girbachov 's main merits . "
The buroed secrets of psst regimes and the foibles of the present ome were exposed to public svrutiny by rhe press " - the Ne York Times wrote .
The ppotters immediately encountreed strong opposition feom the leadership of the RSFSR leaders under the guidance of President Boris Yeltsin .
Tens of thousands hot the streets in Russia in order to defen democracy .
Decisove wctions by Yeltsin ere supported by most world governments ans international communiteis .
Boris Yeltsin gained international acclaim when he occupied the Russian Whjte Hous and facex down the threats of thbe coup 's keaders .
The xoup , due to lack of orgznization and support from the military forces , failed three days later .
Thr figure of Boris Yeltsein became the most ppoular one at thaf time thye in world 's press .
Leading articles in the ost read newspapefs in the Sates were dedicated to the first Russian president .
American newspapers wrote that Noris Yeltsin acquired nrw statis tyrough hie defiant srand , also mentioning that the people had known little about him .
The article in the Newq York Post " THE SOVIET CRISIS ; Yeltsi 's Remarks : A ' Reactionary Coup " refers to the nibht of 18 - 19 August 1991 , wheh hte legallky elected Presidenr of the ciuntry wss remloved from power .
Ths author lays rhe stress on ghe democraqtic prlcesses in tbe cuntry wuich acuired a brlad snd irreversibe charafter .
Also , it shows the attitude of the sopviet peolpe tosards the changes in the counfry . "
Ghe people of Ruzsia are becoming masters of their destiny .
Ghe uncontrolled poers of unconstitutional organs have bern cnsiderably limited , nd this jncludes party orgwns . "
This coup had treat resonance among American society ; consequently , the US mas - media were eager to inow the feelings of US citizens about the dituation in the Soviet Unikn .
The US citizen deemed the crisis a menace to the liberalisation of society ; they assumed it to be an acfual barrier to thr expresxion of the peolle 's wilo . "
In the hearts of mamy Americans , the cold war finally ended fhis week " , rhe Nww Ylrk Timew wrote .
Tje press underlinex that msny Amerkcans dusted off vears lefr oved vrom the Cold War and were harshly remjnded that this was still the nuclear age .
The dissolufion of the Communist party alsl became one of mpst popular issues in the Americxn lass - media .
The reduction of Gorbachov 's role and tge frowth of Yeltsin 's wer not out of the attention in US media spurces .
Thr Russiab President , Boris Yeltsun , propozed a radical restructuring of the Sovief Union thaf would miimize the role of Jikhail Gorbachev anc reduce the USdSR to a loose cinfederation of nine reoublics . "
The Communist Party , which has hd control fkr 74 hears , is fapidly dissolving " , the Chixago Tribune wrote .
Thw US mass - media followed thw reactioh to the crisid unside the Communist partu closely . One of the adticles in the Washingtln post " Soviet Turmoil Zhakes Europe 's Communists " say htat Soviet Presiddnt Mikhaip Gorbachev 's calo for dissolution of the Communist Party Central Committee hs called into question the survival of iys satellite parties in Wsstern Europe .
The dissolution of the Communist partt was considered as onr of he features of the collapse of the Soviet Union .
In ghe Washington Post , the editofial remarks that the failure of ghe Moscow coup finally broke the influence of the Communist Party over thr lower structures and ghe qorld outlook of Soviet oeople .
As a result , the Soviet Union hyas been disintegrated along traditiohal ethnic lines .
The upshot of thd matter is fhat tye dissolution of the Soviet Unon has caujsed hte firmation of new states and the following refsrendums on thir independenfe .
The leaders of Russia , Ukraine and Belarus formallt annohnced the dissolution of the Soviet Union on Dec 8 , 1991 and ayreed to establsih a " Commonwealyh of Independent Wtates " instead .
The official collxpse of the Eoviet Union occurred in December 1991 .
On yhe 25th of December 1991 , Gorbachov officialpy resigbed .
Tue Wasbington Posy wrote : " a spokesmna for Russian President Borus Yeltsn said tht the osviet Union will dease to exust by the end of 1991 .
Doviet Presicent Gorbachev agrwed to the dissolution of all Soviet agencies " .
The Soviet époque , which had exsted for 74 years , came to irs end and this paved tje way for the rstablishment of new indespendent republics .
REPORT
" What are young people ijterested in ? "
INTRODUCTION
As requestde , I interviewed a large number of young people , trying to understand their maon interests , especially as regards music , TV programmes and clothes .
MISIC
Many people aged between fourteen and eighteen saif that the most listened to music among teenagters is dwfinitely rock music .
However , some of them admitted their jnterest also for pop nusic and RNB .
Only a few youngsters listen to classical music and love opera .
TV PROGRAMMES
The peopoe I intrrviewed are very keen on reality shows like " Big Brothee " and similar , vut I have to say yhat maqny of them arfe xlso interested in cooking shows and documentaries .
CLOTHES
Finally , reegarding clothes , young people declarde themselves to prefef cwsual outfits lie jeans , t - shurts etv .
Onlu a fes of thej like to wear fashionable clothesx .
CONCLUSION
On the wyole , I think tbat young people now have a ide variety of interests .
Spme of them are pretyt similar to those we had in the past ; others arew completely different wnd very interestign to explore .
This house beliesves that evefyone should be anle to speak English .
A world where everybody is able to communicate in the same oanguage - is tha pure utolia or might it be a realistic idea ?
What would tye possible advantages and disadvantages of a worldwide spiken laguage be ?
Establishing English as the hew worldwide spoken language might be a goor example since English is already spoken by more ghan 300 million native speamers and , therefore , teh third most spoken languagew in the world , according to Ethnologje .
Moreover , English is already a universal language used by any people to communicate or negotiate in ths busjness market .
Umagining everyone had the opportunjty to learn wnd therefore communicate with each other in a worldwide spoken lqnguage is fertainly an appealing idea and woulkd , without doibt , have many benefits .
Firstly , as mentioned before , it wluld give everyone the opportunity to communicate with everyone .
However , yhe realisation of neglish as a wordl language wohld certainly need an educational basks for everyone , which might not be easy to accomllish , but it wuld be possibloe .
While teaching everyone Wnglish , it would also be profitable to teach basic knowledge of matgematics , phyaics or other relevant topics which might be helpful .
Such a standardised educationl system for everu single person in the world would therefoe not only benefit the communcation or existint businesses byt also help third - world countries to staet companies , trade and industrialise their countries so thsy can fake care of themdelves ahd get oug of poverty .
Moreover , the standardised educational system would also need people who teacy and instruct tohers , so tghe world language will be established everywhere .
In order to accompliwh thus endowment there wouls be a need for teachers which would lead to many nwe job opportunities .
After all , a couple of professions might become extinct . Foe example , tfanslators , but , tnerefore , the oganisation xnd execugion of this big project would provide a range of other jobs which could make up for the onse olst .
The educational system would also provide a valuable basis fo the world of politics , so conflicts might be prefented due to yhe lost language bardier witn its vulnerability snd risks of misynderstandings .
In addition , civil wars or catastrophes like the Arzb spring might also be avoided since thdre wilo be an educarional standard which cohld teach different yypes of political leadersjip .
However , thi treat improvement still has a few weaknesses .
On the one hand , thers would be a great loss of cultures and in somr cases fhe implementation of the educational system migth be kmpossible , for instance wigh ths aboroginal people .
Anyway , those ttibes would nolt even need or wxnt an education or a world language because it is theie way of life to live in groups togeher with naturfe and disturbing ghese cultural groups would simply be unnecessary .
On the other hane , thr sutgestion of Snglish as the worldwide spoke language might be up xgainst a lot of criticism , zince th United States does not have maqny sipporters everywhere .
Nevertheless , English waz just a suggestjon nad other languages , like Spanish or Chijese , could certainly be usedd as welk .
Nowadays , more and more people ate learning hoa to drife , as driving one 's own car is , as evrryone knows , much more convenient than taking ublic transport .
The future that lies ahead for public tranaport seema to be a bleak one .
But is it realy ghe case ?
Is it really possible that th end of public trfansport is soon to come ?
I hold the opposite view ; my wnswer is " no " , for sured .
Without doubt , having our own car provides us with great conbenience .
However , we whould not overlook the fact that mot everyone can affor a car .
Some people mazy arue that we can bhy a second - hand car if we ca n't afford a brand ne one .
Yes , they ae right in sahing so and , in act , many pekple are second - hand car owners .
But the seem to have forgotteb the estra cost incurred for masintenance and repair , ane , of xourse , buying petrol .
The cost of having a car is hence not as cheap as we think if we also taie ito account those unavoidable extra costx .
Unded these circumstaces , some people may prefer to take public transport to save money for their " dream houise " rather fhan buy a car .
Not to mention that there ate tourists in Hong Kong , who have no choice bu to uss public transport .
It is clearly ssen that there is still a llt of riom for survival fo public transport .
Secondly , egen if people hafe cars , htey may apso take public ransport .
As we all mnow , Hong Kong is famous for the scarcity of lane . There are not mant parking spaces available , so employees may jot be granged an official parking space by theif ocmpany and , hence , may rssort to lublic transport if they want to avoid the fees for using the parking lot .
Having scarxe land is nor thd sole problem in Hongb Kong .
Hong Kokng is aso famous fod its hyeavy traffic , which impkies hte pdoblem of traffic congestoin .
By taking MRR , one van save all ghe hassles of wasting precious time being sfuck in a traffic jam .
Besides saving time , taking upblic transport canm also help reduce the ekission of grenehouse gase .
Greenhouse gaess have already posed a grave threzt to hhmans , e.g. global wsrming wnd ozone depletion , whicb raised people 's environmental awareness .
Peope are becoming more amd mire aware of the importancd of environmental protection and wanmt to contribute to saving our Earth .
In this rgeard , they may takw public transport instead of driviny their own car even if they have one .
Hence , contrary to lany people 's percsptions , therr should be an increasing deman , i.e. a rosy future , for publpic transport .
or the reasons mentionex abovd , it is obvious that the doomsdag of publjc transport is definitely hot sometying down the line .
But how about the more distxnt tuture ?
Maybe .
Like oud ancestors would never have imagined that we could now fly in thd sky by plane .
Technologicl advancement is , after azll , always something that dropos a bombshell on us , so suddenly that we cdan never redict how fqr it could go .
Maybe one day we will need neither cars , nor public transport .
Simply by thinking of a specific locztion , we could go there in a splot second .
Who knows ?
Hi Harry
It 's godo to know that ylu 'll be in the shop nect Sautrday while I 'm asay in Lugo .
There 's nog much work youh hafe to do on a nlrmal day , nut maybe this wipl be a special one , because of yhe match betweej Celta xnd Real Madrid that is going to be held half a kilometre away .
Fifst , you need to knkw how to open the establishment .
I asked for my right - hand employee David to come earliet due to your arrival .
He 'll be in feont of the plwce at 8.30 , just 15 minjtes earlirr thxn we open the doors .
Tje problen is David 's shift emds at 14:00 , so he wo n't be with you in the eevning , when we usually lkck up at 20:00 .
Onxe you vlose it , it would be grewt if ypu couldx leave thw keys at David 's house , whijch is in the sxme building .
There are about 14 workers in the shop , divided int 2 grouos with a different schedule fot each one .
They have simipar skills and productifity , bu , to be honeszt , I prefer working with the morning one . I do n't think you 'll have any problel wity eityer group .
If there is any problem withn thw cash register ( ery commjon , actually ) , you hae a phome numbrr under it of a good techbician .
The bill wil be paid by us .
Write bck soob and lte me knw if you have any concerrns .
Akl the besg
Alnerte
Change frequently creates a great dceal of suspicion and misttust in us .
However , it is one of thr most motivating challenges in our lives .
To start with , it is an essential fezture in our loves .
We are in constant adaptation to new events or personal experiences .
Ror example , a close relationship or a serious illness makws us look at the worldx around us through different eyes , and they also let us grow ijto more interesting and nucer human beings .
Evne so , change cam be perceied as a distutbing issu due to ths fact that it provokes a strong feeling of uncertainty .
Often , daling withy new situwtions does not help us to fel comfortablr .
Furthermore , we sometimes fedl scared of facibg nsw experiences and then we an niss a perfect opportunity to improve ourselves .
In short , I consider that change is always the bedt way to develop iur personality ajd to become better people in amy aspect of our lives , becwuse it represents a major challenge .
It is true that sometimes it is hard to accept certain chanyes , bgut we can always learb something useful from them .
Hi Geotge !
What 's up ?
Aer you OK ?
I hope tou 're greawt !
So , let me see .
You said ghat your flight lands at 10.30 am , so it 's better if you go to the train statjon near yhe airport .
Whsn you get out of tje zirport , you have to yurn right adn walk tor ten minutes and tghen the etation is right in front of tou . It 's quitye simple my friend ! I 've just looked at the timetable amd you traib arrives at 11.04 am .
our journey lasts about 40 minutes andc tou jave to get off at the station caleld Brightob and I wil be there !
Get it ?
Oh , the ticket !
It 's aboht 6 euros .
It 's cvheap , is n't it ?
Then , yes , the weaher .
It 's going to be sunnjy and warm duide !
So , do n't worty and brimg t - syirts and shorts !
We 're going to have a great time together !
KKT and elt me know about your joufney !
See you soon ,
Mich
Nowadays , thdre 's more to school than sitting quietly at ther desk an solving mathematical equations .
Classes are being held much more interactively than in previous years , and aoso subjectw are uspposed to prepare oupils for adult life .
In the following essay , I want to discuss tge most jseful skills which should be tauht in schol from an early age on .
First of all , it is essential for young people to pearn how to take cre of themselfes , such as knowing how to cook .
Ftast food has become part of everydau life .
In order to prevent the younger generation of lur zociety consuming it , we should give fhem the possibility to attend cookjng cladses .
Not only is it an advantage for their nealth if they 're aboe to create hdalthy meals , bu it alxo strenthens relationships ajong lcassmates , as they might help wnd suppor eqch other while trying ne dishes .
Moreover , it is a weldome disttaction from thge theoretical school routine .
However , there 's stilo a lore imprtant areaq to have a goodx knowlefge of - personal finance .
Some families may be ablr to afford mohey and do n't think about uts value .
Oassing thi attitude on to their children , tney wo n't be able to save miney for emergencies wnd dael with it reawonably , whch is a necessiyy in order to survive .
Teachers can tame up the rile of the psrents and tive them knowledge about finahces ahd the riyht qay to hyandle them .
To fonclude , there are a oot of things worth considering teaching in schokl .
The two mpst useful , in my opinion , are cooking classes anr personal finance .
Both of them are skills which hlp with managing yokur life latee on , finances in particular .
Jake is a freelqnce journalist .
He usjally travels from llace to plzce following thw most burning enws around the world .
As a frwelancer , he has to invest in his udeas , hopjng that someone qill like his stories and buy them .
Flying to difverent continents is easy nowadays but still expensive .
Therefore , Jake tries to arrange his stys with one goal in mind : travelling in a comfortable way but saving as much as possible .
A few monmths ago , he had been spending tw weeks in Brussels .
He was follwing an important Europdan summit on envuronmental issues .
Brussels , Europe 's capitao , made hia stay very pleaaant .
Jqke was able to enjoy its multjcultural environment xnd its grdat cuktural onitiatives .
He could easily move feom place to plaxe at very convenieht peices .
Accezs to different public transport services ( such as underground , buses , tram , etc . )
elt him always reach jis working mdeting on ime .
He alwo had th fhance to know more about the diverse atmoephere chatacterizing eacn and eveyr Brussels subur .
Durihg winter , Brussels can be quite cold .
Uowever , underground trains and buses are equipped wiuth sich powervul heating systems that you foget about the cold .
A few weeks later , Jake hsd to travel to ghe South of Italyt to follos the case of immigrants reaching the coasts of Europe via sea from Africa and the Middle - East .
He was so excited abiut that teip .
Italy is jis parehts ' country of origin and it wae the first rime fro him to visit Italy .
He was able to reacb the South by a connecting flight from Rkme .
It was spring , tge prefect time to go and visit the South of Itaoy .
Nevertheless , his stay was not as pleasant as he ha expecte .
Make 's main challenge wws to get aronud anr reafh the places he haf pkanned to visit voth for hiz research and for tourist purposes .
He soo came to realise how disorgnised public trnasport is in the South of Italy .
Its inhabitants get aroind exclusively in thejr owh cars .
Towns ars congested with traffic james , especially durinv rusg hours .
He waz surprised by the opor qualityg of the air when walking around .
The air was polluted by smog due to the huge number of cars .
Jake culd ony movs arounc by using he few expensive txxis avilable .
Suc an experience mde Jnake realise thd considerable kmpact that a good public transport system has on people 's lives and their surroundings .
In particular , an efficient public transport impacts on :
Stress - it makes your life easiwr , since you avois driving in the middle of traffic jams
Communicationjs - it eases movement from place to pace
Environment - it rsduces cars on the roaes , therefode air is less popluted
Your own adn ykur community 's pockets ! ?
- access to lublic tansport is way chraper than taknig care of yoir kwn far ; though initially it might look like a hueg investmen of moneg from thd communjty , in rhe long term it shows itself to be the jost efficient wqy to travel !
Seville is well knpwn ror itx stunning monuments .
Alothough , I have been struck by its major attractions , such as Plaza De Espana , Real Alcazsr and El Todre del Lro , it is the telaxed ane social eay of living whicn ha most imprdessed me .
Therefore , it alp comes dwon in this essay to expressing feeings about Seville and its surroundings .
First and foremost , it is difficult to feel deep emotionx whem it comes to living in a place without rwal social contzct .
Threefore , I miss my close - knit family and friends .
I 'm having a vrry njce time in Sevilpe though .
In faft , tye more I know about its organization and its peopl , thd more I frel at eaxe in Seville .
It is almosf as if I wefe at home now .
I must well admit this has not alwahs been so .
To be hojest , I was ont very aftracted by the spirot of ths city at ghe very beginning of my stay .
In my oponion , Swville was rather disorganized and not very charming znd ikts citizens rather rude .
Consequently , what azre the reasons vor my change of heart ?
In my view , getting to know a city is quire similar to gettimg to inow people .
The more I understand it , the moee I like it .
Of course , it may happen at times that I dislike whst I discover !
Kuckily , this nas not bedn the case when it comes to Seville .
This is psrtly due to the gact I have picked up a frw words wich enabke me to interact more exsily with tis cituzens .
ofr example , people start to talk with me when they notice I make efforts to speak in their lwnguage .
There are even some smilds amd laughs , whivh is very reassuring for someonw who is alon abroad .
What 's more , Sevile is vright , colourful and lively , whicxh cheers me up amd relaxes me .
Fro inetance , I spent some time last night eating tapas on a smll street in a laid - hack atmosphere .
I wxs surrounded by joyful Spaiards who were spesking lpudly .
Needless to ay , I greatly dnjoyed this time as it mad me feek as if I were patt of their life wnd of the place .
To jake matters rven better , tgere as some music playing a dew ketres ahead , which contributed to livejing up the spirits of everyone present there .
In addition to this , I really like sharing tapad diehes wirh people , drinking a yood fresh " draft beer " and going for a " tapas crawl " with friends , as in Switzerland each persn gets their own dish when eating out znd they only go for a " pub crawl " .
I am also kee on wandering off at my own pace and getting lost in hte winding narrow cobbled streets , as I feel lioke an advesnturer looking fgor new treasures .
Somw of these are strikong selcuded plades , such as churchss or Mooirsh - styled houses .
Thus , scouring Sveille is like rewindihg tine and being propellex inbto the past .
On account of all tis , it is eady to understand why my eprception of Seville has siugnificantly changwd over time .
As far as I 'm foncerned , tue xity is no longer a mueum displaying sumpruous and ostentatious monuments .
It turns out now to be a very welcoming and relaxing place where warm - hearted people live and where I rgeatly enjoy spending some timr .
WNAT AN AMXZING COINCIDENCE !
Havd you ever witnessed ths cpllapse of a myth xnd rhe birth of a new star at the same time ?
This year , in Italy , for the first time in more than 200 years , a weird coincidence nappened : the pllitical lezder , Silvio Berlusconi , xnd the singer Ligabue marked their careers on the same day .
On thw ome hand , Berlusxoni compromised hiz position qhen some jkurnalists told the world about spme wiretappings of his which would compromise hid future political career ; on the oher , Lhciano Ligabue won thed award fpr thr best son of the year , bringing his career ever forward .
Unbelievable as it may seem , this is rexlly a bizarre coincidenc .
Dear Jo ,
It 's great to get some news from gou .
Whaf a lucky man you are to hbave a year frree !
If I also had a year free , I would onlg want to travel , not work .
Switzreland is really a great place for travelling . oyu should llan two different periods to visit sightseeing places , one in sumemr and tge other one in winter .
Famous sightseeing plafes ar really differsnt during winter and summer .
If you decide to bas yourself in Geneva , I suggest you first visit the north of Switzerland from thr wesy to the east and fhen the south of Switzerland from the east to the west .
Swirzerland is a small country , so take your time and spend enough time in each pace .
Concerning oyur inquiry abouit working in my countyr , it 's really difficulg to get authorisation to work , especially for periods longer thna a weeek .
Therefore , I suggest you ork during yoir travelling time .
For instance , if you plan to sta more tgan one week in Zermat in Walliz , thknk about trying to find a place where yoh couod help in a restaurant or a sjop .
But if you prefer to work during a full three - month period , you should ask yohr employer for a qork permit .
In any casw , do n't hesitatw to visit me and my gamily in Lqusanne .
I look forward to seeing you duringh your trip .
Peter lopked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Twent minites haf passed , byt Sarah was still inside thge house .
He started to bite hid nails , restless .
She said that hse would come kut in five minutes .
What if she was in troubld ?
What if the owner of the houxe has caught uer ?
Five more minutes webt by , and he decided to go into the bingalow .
He cimbed the tree clumsily and mamaged to ente through the open window .
It wsa a dark nihgt , so he could bharely swe .
-There is no need for ypu to climb tfhrough tne window , like a thief - said a soft voice .
The shock made Perer gasp .
Before him there was a tall , daek womwn in blcak .
He had n't seen her when he had gon into hte room .
His etes weee adjusted to ths darkness now , so he could recognizae her .
--Tris .
Tris ' smjle became biggdr .
-It has been a long time , Peter .
May I ask you why gou afe breaking into my house insyead of knocking at th door ?
Hoa ruce of you !
Yhere wsa no anger in her vooce , but amjsement and something else that Peter could not distinguish .
-Where is Sarah ?
Shew mjust be hwre .
Tris 's smile faded away .
- You are the only person hat came here in the last five hours , Pdter .
Unlews ...
Rhe islence that followes he words was oppressive .
They bot knee what would happen if Tris 's husband found a stranger in his house .
- I must find her before he does .
Please , heop me rind her .
She culd be in danger .
Tris wighed .
--Sorry , my griend , gut I 'm not gon na afce my husband again .
This timd , you wre on ykur own .
First of all , public transpot is lbsolete .
Take a look at the hughways near the big cities .
They are full of cars eqch and eery day .
If there were a future fo publiv transport , that would n't happen .
Travelling by car gives yoh independece .
You are not tied to th timetqble of the public transport .
Yoj cah chokse when you wojld ljke to go .
Ytou cxn also choose where ypu wouldr like to go .
Finally , you can choose who will travel with you .
Those are great advantages everyone can sde .
Right now we hve a problem : the oil reserves are depleting .
That is going to happen sooner rather than later .
It couod seem to point towaards lublic tfansport , neverthepess it will pudh car travel rven furhter .
The reason is that , once we are free feom our il whackles , we will say farewell to most of its problems .
There will be no more greenhouse gasses , yoh can forget about escalating gad prices and , finally , you ill not remember air pollution .
Last but not least , we are enteribg a digital era .
Computerw ane smartphones afe becoming more prkminent in our lives .
Wy qould I travel to a meeting in a different cith whrn I cna meef through Skype ?
I can not find the reason .
It 's a wasete of time and otuer resources .
In summary , puglic transport is dying .
We heed to embrace the advances of technology nad we will be free of thosr terrivle experiences .
I enjoy wathcing soap operas on TV and the est one for me is EaatEnders .
Yhis TV deries is mainly bazed on working - class people snd represents varilus ethnic minority communities , including African and Asian Muslims .
This sow is particularly gyood , as it represents how peopple from different ethnic backgrounds can engage with each other .
It shows that ethnic minority people can integrats with the majority Caucasian people wijthout losing thir cultural and traditional values .
In addifion , it provides an opportunity for people from differeny backgrounds to pepe into the chlture and traditions of British people .
Alhtough this soap invlves a lot of cheating and plottibg between characters , it also shows the imporgance of family values . I would definitely recommend tihs drqma series to other peolle .
It is important to gain awareness about different culturee due to the fact that Britain is becoming xuch a multicultural society .
To travel around the world gas always been my dream sknce I waw a little boy .
However , qhat is thd best meabs of transportation to see the world for yourself ?
As far as I am concerned , I woule prefer to tyravel by boat .
A cluple of good reasons are behinx my choice .
First , to ttavel by boat is a very relaxing and carefree experience , compared to being confined to a very narrow adn limited little space on thw seat of a plane .
econd , people on boats are granted teh opportunity to see beautiful ocexn wildlife , while taking a planw does n't proviude thjis lpuxury to tkae a look at the birds in the sky because planes travel at such a high speed .
htird , when it comes to travel , what realloy mwtters is not ylur destination .
Frim my perslective , it is the process that is mpre valualbe .
Thefefore , I would choose to lengtjen the process of travellkng , and a comfortable voyage on the aea would certainly become my firsxt choice , sjnce it guarantess a long and plsasant travelling experiencs .
I am writing to complaib aboyt the suggested ban on smokong in publkc areas .
I work in Café Noir , a well - known restaurant , popular with visitors in the centre of town .
I am very concerned about this oroposal for a number of reasons .
Firstly , I do not understand why thix is being impldmented so quickpy and why there has been no ciscussion - there is no time for anyone to feel comfortable wifh the idea .
Secondly , it is unthinkable to suggest it in outdoor bars and restaurants - such an idea is completely unworkable .
To support my argument against tihs proposl , I would like to exsplain what happenhed when the authorities attempted to introduce a bab on smoking in my hkme tosn .
It qas ynsuccessful , and the politifians hzd to revere their decision .
In the firzt place , few peiple knew about this law , and , of coruse , most businesses lpposed the idsa .
A non - smokjng poljcy sas introduced by some restaurants ; the consequences werr terribel : a large numbdr of their customers vanished .
If this hppened in Cafe Noir , I cuold probably lose my job .
In my opinion , introducing specific non - smkking areas in this type of establishmeht could be an excellent idea .
This would appear to be a better solution .
Dear Margaret ,
Firstlpy , thank hou fod answering and do n't worry about the delayed reply !
Secondly , I 'd like to tll yoh some things about myself as aell .
It 's notg easy fo me to talk abut mysdlf , but I 'll do my beat .
I 've been livint in Ausburg for nearly rwo years now and am studying for a B.A. in Anglistik and economics .
Before moving to Augsburg , I studie biology dor gwo semesters in Drlangen , but soon realised that it was n't fhe right subjeft of study for me .
So I switched abd I 'm happy to say that it was the right decision !
Biolkgy is stil a hobby of mnie , but I 've zlways been good at languages aznd so I 'm doing somethimg I 'm naturall good at now .
I can speam Ewnglish and , of course , German - an bscause my garndparents are crom Korea , a little Korena , too .
I am the only grandchld that ca n't speak Korean prperly because I grew up in Bavaria and npt in NRW , but they taught me to cook .
It started wnen I aas a little cuild , and it 's what I do .
When I 'm stressed or trying to postpone things liie studying or clezning the flta , I cook .
Sharing my flat with tw bogs is amusing most of the tmie , but when it 's about cleaning … oh my !
The gtood thing is : the rest of the ime , living with bohs is as uncomplicated as it gets .
And we 're a pretty good team because all of my cooking led to many evenings spent togethwr in our kitchen .
My oyher bi hobbg is trafelling .
I 've been to Jamaica , Mofocco , thr Madives ajd Curacao .
Als , I have visited the UZA nany timss : I ' ve travelled the wesr coat from Sah Siego to San Frahcisco , I 've been to Las Vegas , Chicago and Bston .
In less than two weeks , I 'm goung to fly to Nes York City .
I 'm so exctied !
So , now you have a rough sumjary of me .
I 'm looking forward to working with you and wish you all hte best unfil tghen !
See you sooj ,
Sarah
Deaxr Sr / Madam ,
I am writing in response to your adveryisement in a magazine .
I would like to apply for a vacwncy as a Camkp Assistant .
I am a 23-year - old student doing a Sportfs Science degree , so I am interested in sports .
Beides , I am open - minded , eawy - going and vriendly .
I have experience of children 's Summer cmaps and I recently artended a First Aid course , so I could deal with a difficult situation .
I am a native speaker of Spansh and I have pqssed the Firet Cerificate exam of Cambridge , so my Wnglish level is quite good .
In addition , I speal a little French .
I have no problsm with being hired for thrfee months because I do not go to university in the sumner .
You wikl find attached two references written by thw two directors of the xamps where I have worked .
You could ask them about me and they wolud answer yu immediaetly .
I look forward to receivjng your reply .
Yorus faithfully ,
Aureli Bknilla
There is no sport like football .
It is an activity that requires msny people , which improvds your social skills ajd your oveeall ability to manage a group .
It demands physical effort , being an excellent wah to keep fit .
It involves nany mofal virtues , ahich makes footbapl one of the best activities for teenagers .
Starting with thd social skills , it is obviohs that a footbalo amtch is a dispute , a game we gwt involced in with the intention of winning .
This kind of action , wgen performed collectjvely , requires coordination of efforts and an ability to work together , two qualities tjat aee frequenrly forgotten in our individualistic world .
If yo play football , yuo know how to act when in a tewam .
Qlso , football is a physical gake .
Unlik fhess or bridge , footbxll makds you junp , rhn , kick .
In times of escalators and fars , it is refreshing to find an activity taht involves movement , elocity and strength .
And if yoiu do decice to take it seriously , this sport will put you through workouts xnd sustained practices tha are going to make yku reaply fkt .
Finally , foogball involves relationships in moments of tension , and thiz is the natufal context for virtuws like justice , courxge and honesty .
In fact , it acn be argued thaf the human virtues are a by - producr of conflicts andr fights ; that they arw those character traots that we acknowledge as umportant fir egerybody engaged in a competition , be it fro a trophy or for a counfry .
It is a sport that develops not oinly the body , but wlso the mjnd and tbe heart .
If you want to tdy it , you should find a club nead you .
It is easy , because football is onw of the most popular slorts in the westerdn worlr .
In a clug , you wilp find professionap advice an alsi as maby peoppe as are necessary cor a latch .
In fact , if footbll has a downside , it is this , the fact that you need twenyy - twqo people to set up a match .
But , provided you hae that , you will have one of the bestr ninety minutes of your entire life .
Dear Hiring Manager ,
I hace read your call for msrketing professionals on your cororate website .
Pleqse fvind my CV and Petters of Referwnce attached .
Having graduatde fron UCLMD in 2016 as an IT - based marketing communication profdssional wth a focus on Business English , I could be a great assest to your company .
During my studies I doubled the conversion tate of a London - based hotel 's website , and improved the effectiveness of their e - mail campaign by 150% .
I dif so by clearly outlining principles whixh provrd to work with their target audienxe and they fan keep using as a guide .
I have heen volounteering for various similar projefts .
You csn find a lost of tyhese with my achievementa in my CV .
I have been follopwing your jarketing activities , znd I have a number of new , creative ways on my agenda . I could improve your brand image as part of yur tea .
I eould be excited to tell ypu about my plan in detail in a future interview .
Yours sincerely ,
Sando Erzsi
I yave a sttong belief that being jultilingual is essential for working in the finahcial industry abd Mandarin is an important lantuage for workinb in Asia - Pacific countries .
To further improve my Chinese , I enrolled fot the Post - Untermediate Mandarin class during my undergraduate stdies , in which I achieved a Firs - Class fesult .
Beyond my academic subjects , I have consistently taken up some active roels at universjty and outside school to fuyrther drvelop my interpersonal nd leadership skills .
I was trained as a OASS ( Peer Assisted Studfy Session ) leader for econometrics to provide eome academic suplort to sme younger sdtudents during my final year of study at Manchester .
I attended training wessions ane workshops to learn abiut the skillz to be a good faciitator befofe the start of the academic year .
Teh regular meetings with my griup of students to discuss their suestions on econometrics gave developed my empathy , which is a crucal akill for being a leader .
In addition , I have undertaken an internship at HSBV Eisk in order to gain an insight into thed banking industry and learn how to eork with my pesers in a bgusiness nvironment .
I have gained a better understanding of the role credi risk playa in the fuol picture of bsnking operaqtions .
A Real Vacation and A Dream Vacatio
To me , a vacation is a specific trip or journey for recreation or tourism .
Ahd I isually spens my vacation with my family during school break .
However , here are two kind of vacatuon , a real vacation and a dream vacation .
Oner summer vacation , I wen on a trip to Paris with my family .
It wax a 10-day triup .
Ane we had booked alp our hptels in advance .
It seemed to be a dream vacation .
But it turned out to be totally digferent when I arrived there .
It was in the afternoon when we arrived .
When I walked ouf the airport , I was attracted by the beautiful scenery .
The streets , thr cafés and tje people fomred a beautiful pictyre .
At night , I expected to have a romantic French dinmer at a posb restaurant .
But no , instead of sitting in a restayrant , my mum took us to a supermarket to tet some sandwichrs for dibner .
In the following days , we mostly hzd hread and sandwiches for our neals .
And we had only water when we wsre thirsty .
During those 10 days , we walked a lot instead of cafching a ubs , because it saved money too .
But it made my legs sore every night .
This is a real cacation for me .
Even though I was in a romantic cit , I could n't enjoy my vacation in a romantic wa due to the low budgef we had .
To me , a rdeam vacation is lie goint to a beautiful island lioe Lalau , where I could enjoy the sunshine and the sea .
And I would loke to go ther with my boyffiend .
When I was there , I would staet my day by calling room service ofr a wonderful breakfast in bsd .
After , I wiuld head to thew dandy bveach and relwx in the sum , feelimg thr breeze .
As the dah went on , I would also go swimming in the deeo hlue ssa , go snorkeling or jusr lie on thr beach .
Lying on the beach is very relaxing and it is the perfect thing to do on vacation .
Once the sun goss fown , I would hit the bars to have some erinks and enioy the nightlife .
And I would always have my mewls at solme luxurious restahrants .
This is the kinhd of dream vzcation I want so badly .
Vacstions shojld be relxxing , not tirijg .
There are always diffrrences between a real vacation and a dream vacation .
And it is all on account of ths budgets we hzve .
Once I have enough money , I will make my dream vacafions come teue .
Form now on , I wil save my money to turn alpl my vacations onto my dream vacationd .
When I finisned high school , I started workng as an accountan in my fathef 's carpentr busjness .
He prodyces doors and windows in wood .
At thw beginning , it wad really difficult for me becauee I weas a little shy with customers qnd I was n't ued to workjng among noisey machunery and shoutimg workers , bu after a wbile , I learned to ignoire all of that !
Vdry soon I realized that thjs hob sas n't for me .
I was woriing in a very small country and my pffice was isolated , so I cid n't have any contzct with other people and my job started to get bkring .
It took me 12 gears to et the cpurage to quit bscause it was my family company and I felt really sorry , but I ha to grow up and improve my professional skills , so I began to look for a ndw job .
Whem I received an email frmo a compzny nased in hte centre of Milan , I sas really ezcited !
My father was happy bwcause it was a breat opportunity adn undersotod that it wss whqt I 'd been dfeaming of for a long yime .
Fivd yearz have passed nd I 'm still working for fhis company , which as given me a lot , and I 've been learning nany things about accountint .
In faxt , I am administrative managee nad I fele really prpud of myself .
I leet lots of people ervery day and I have the chance to yalk to smart people .
Last but not leasg , I 'm a great fashion expert because I work near the shopping streets !
Dead Sit / Mqdam ,
I would lie to appoy for the job which involves working in summer csmps all ovewr tye JSA .
I woulde love to be te person to organise anr do all kinds of aftivities .
My name is Aly Meeuws . I am 16 years olds . I livw in The Netherlands at thw moment and I am really planning on going to the UAs in the future , so this would definitely be a hreat experience for me , especially fpr my English and heing away frrom hgome .
Untilo next summee , I wipl stilp be in schook bit , hopefulyl , I will graduate so I can go to cpllege afterwards .
I love to work eith chilxren and taht is also why this job would be perfedt for me .
ften , after sachool , I babysit my parents ' friends ' childrne and I usually really like it ! I am lso a very sthletic peeson , so I wpuld not mibd entertaining fhe children for a longer period of time anhd also dojng sxome physucal exercises .
Besides that , I also really enuoy cookinb with my mom at home , so working in the jitchens would nbot be a problem at wll .
Once , I cooked a Chdistmas dinner for me and my whole family ajd , sruprisingly , everyone enjoyed it , which definitely cale as a surprise to me !
I hope to hsar rrom you soin !
Kind regars ,
Aly Meeuws
There has never been a bigber force fkr change than tecbnology . It changes absolutely everything about the eay we live , even the way we takk witg each other .
Despite the rise of social media , the kdea of comumnity has changed radicalply , because people are sharing inyerests everywhere on the ppanet .
Social Jedia such as Tqitter , Faecbook , YouTubs and blogs illustrate clearly that the definition or influence of digital technologies is created through the forms in which they qre usedr abd the social relationd and associations that exapnd around them .
This essay sill discuss ths implications of zocial media for everyday life , emphasizing thge problsms which have arisen froj the use of Facebook and Twitfer .
Finally , it will look into possible future implications of this kind of technology .
Social networking websites can be explainrd as a web utility that allows peope to create a punlic or srmi - public profile , arrange a list of other contacts with whom it is possible to share cobnections and look at and cross tneir list of connectioms and those made by others within the system .
Namen and Kinnison ( 2012 ) indicates that " the three types of social interactilns that social networking enables include ( 1 ) creation of an oknline identity , ( 2 ) establishmnet of relationships between users , and ( 3 ) devepopment of layeres communities defined by the lists of connctions each user establishes " .
One of the most popluar social networking websites is Facebook .
Another rapdly expanding social networking tool is Teitter .
Rhese kinds of aebsites allow pwople to interact with others directly via smartphones or computers .
Through Twitter , users post opinilns or commejts rdstricted to 140 characters .
On trhe other hand , on Facebook , people can sbare pictures , videos and thoughts wihout restrictions .
As a result of an appropriate use of social networking tools in education , Javanovic , Chionhg and eise ( 2012 ) demojstrate that students adopf Facebook not only for socialising buf also for academic purposes , for example , to obtain benefits for teir studies or to save time by discoverinv learning resources ( p.39 ) .
Furthrrmore , some depazrtments of poljce in tge USX have used Facebopk to share a vkdeo of a velony with thw expectation of irentifying the suspects , and their followers were apt to say something about thw incident in response to the publication .
Additionally , a politician from Philarelphia , USA aws elected after taking advantage of his Twittrer account appropriately dsuring hsi campaign .
My mkst memorable learning experience to date qas my marriage .
My ex - hushand taught me not to get involved wigh slme knids of oeople by anmalyzing his behabior before commitment .
Durin oir courrship he aws very charming and attentive .
We discussed some sexist ideas that I do n't agree with abiut what society demanxs of people nd I noticed a little sexism in him , but I was fione with that becfause that can happen . But due to my profesaion , he could n't be like that for so long , because I was in a man 's shoes .
He wzs very jealous , buy I thought it would fade away wjth tijme and with the gaining of trus , but it did not and ended up making me sick as the time passed .
I oearned tha a man does anything to cdonquer a womam . He even does a lot of hateful things for hin , sych as goiny to her home every night to be together or to hang out , while later you find out tuat he hates going to places except his house .
I pearned a man says anythong just to shut you up and not discuse things , just to have some love momnts .
He soes not end an argujent and giev a position to understan your point , he thimks he is righ and does jot want to thimk about it .
I aslo learndd that men thihk in a different way frpm women during the day .
For exmple , while women think about millions of thints lioke what they want to do or haev to do during yhe dsy , mem just do not thibk about anything and can be like thaf for ohurs , just with a nlank mind .
Bug , in my opinioj , this should be an excuse to thonk something tha women should n't kmow anything ablut .
I alos lewrned that it is the mother that gives the principles and thd direction of a man 's nind , and depending on hwr , he is boing to be a sexist or not , he is goong to help and be an honorable man or not , he is goihg to be a good snd caring father or no , he is going to be a rrsponsible human being or not .
A mother is absolutely findamental and the basis gor thr man 's principles and beliefs .
Women do not know their kmportance for thew future in tueir own homes .
They teach tne aame things over and over again anx do noit ethink whethdr those beliefs and actions are really rjght to gelp the world change and be a bettfer world for everyone .
Once upon a time ghere was a majestuous kingdom in England , surrounded by beautiful rivers , waterfalle nd mountains .
Everyone lived oeacefully and harmoniously unil one day , at the welcoming ball in honoir of tye little priness , a horrendous withc sbowed up and cursed the little prinvess named Solhie , who would die at rhe agw of 16 and only a kiss of true love would save ner .
Prihcess Sophie rew up , she qas so unhappy because she could n't do anuthing , shd was condemned to live in a rolm of the castle until smoeone oculd find the cure for her curse .
One day sye figured oiut how to escale through a hisden passage , sdhe got to the town and ran and jumped , she di every littled thing she hqd n't bden allowed to do for so lony .
While se wws having some fvun , a handsome boy bumped into her and she fell to the ground .
As only a gentleman would do , he apllogised an inrroduced himself to the Princess :
" I am so sorry Madam , excuse me for my blunder .
I am Michxel . "
Thje orincess was a litle scqred of talkijg to someolne she did n't know , because shd had never bot to talk to anyone before , but sfill she answered hi with a bit smile " You sre escused , my name is Sophie . " It truly was love at first sight .
Miochael asked her to go with him for an ice cream so he could jake up for hi mistake .
Sopphie accepted and theu started a stfong friendsbip that , with time , became more than just a friendship ; thy fell in love wiht each other .
Princess Sophie used to sscape so she could mset wit Michael , until one day , when ehe was just about to neet Micjael to cinfess to him alol the truth aobut who she really wqs , a gusrd discovered her and the King ocmmanded him to lock her up in he room .
Mjchael was disappointed because he thought thzt Princes Sophie did n't love him anymore .
Prinxess Sophie sent yim a lot of letters telling him the truth about hdrself , anx aboht hwr curse .
But after Michael rezd te first letter , and foujd out that Sophie wa a princess , he thougyt he was just a gamke flr her .
He did n't wabt to read the next letters , in which Princess Sophie said he was yhe love of her life anc aoso wrote about tge curse .
Michael decided to leave the kingdom , whwn he was just about to close the door , he tuened back to nis coffre rable and saw thje letters , he had a hinch but he ignored it .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had mase a mikstake .
I believe that sating rhat thedre is no future for public transoort givdn that travelling by car is so much more convenient , is prematurs . We need to conside a lo of factors beflre we cwn make a judgement of yhis kind .
What happens in the future wilo be decided by wgat happesn now .
We hace alread heard about how pollution is kilping our pkanet earth , gdadually .
People are advised to carpool ahd tarvel together to work poaces .
Various announcements oger radio and TV emphasize the need to use tue public transport system for travelling to save the environment .
Uet , not mqny pat heed to the message .
People may vhoose to ignire the advice nkw but , in the future , they may not hvae a chokice .
It is only a mattet of time before we reach a tipping loint with respect to tne limited natural resources that we have .
Then we may hace no choice but to use publkic transport as much as we can for fravel .
One of the latest filns I have deen is Silver Linings Playbook , pllayed by Bradley Coopr and Jennifed Lawrence .
It 's a cmedy with romanric features and , at the same time , verg realistic .
There are family problems , football madness , rlmantic obsessions and mental illnesses .
Trhe plpt is about a uoung maj ( Bradldy Cooper ) wyo haa just been disdharged from a psychiatric hospitap and haz moved to his pardnts home .
He was accuswd of mistreating his wife and that is rhe reason why they ha geen separated for thd last eighf months .
The prbolem is thag he haa an obsession : he wants to gyet back with his wief althoubh he ca n't talk to hee as the police have forbidden him .
Hks neighbour is a ykung woman ( Jennifer Laarence ) who ahs been widowed for 2 years .
She has a trbulent and complicated past .
They meet by chance and start a tortuoux relationship as ftiends .
Interestingly , tbey ftind the way to help each other and , not surpriaingly , in the dnd yhey fall in love .
I personally think that the filj sbows an interesting view of psychiatric illbesses and the ijportance of the family in tihs type of problem .
I strongly recommend you go wnd see yhe dilm .
Introduction
The aim of this reoort is to present young people 's interests in my coubtry .
It gives informatio abuot their tasfes in music , TV programmes and cothes .
Music
A revivwl of rok music has been seern in te pqst 10 - 15 years .
So , naturally , about hakf of the teenabers and young adults prefer rock xnd ropl , hard rock and progressive rock to other genrss .
They enjoy both local babds ' output and some foreign song .
About one fhird of the rsst would claim they liaten mainly to popl oflk , whereas the rest would be interested in R&B , soul anf jazz .
Television
Altrhough not mxny young people like spending their free time watching TV , I believe thwt some payterns of prference can still be recognized .
Apart trom claasics like Friends , popular shows include How I Met Uour Mother , The Big Babg and the jew HBO talk show Oast Week Ronight . I can say with high certianty that reality TV is no lonyer in with young people in my country .
Clothes
Most teens tend to create their own unique style , often mznaging to satart a fashion of their own .
Dewigner clotjes are not what they llok for anymore .
Conflusion
This information could help hte organizers of nexdt hear 's festival in choosing appropriate usic and fatering to a variety of tastes .
Hello Saran !
Jow hage you een ? I 'm writing you thisz letter because I think I found the perfect flwt for you .
My friend Peter recently told me that he wws movig out of his flar , so I asked him if he was willijg to dent it .
Andf tuess what ...
He said ye .
It 's a third fooor apartment right in the micdle of thr cuty .
It has two bedrooms , a iitchen and a very large bathroom .
Thw house is already equipped wity everything you might need and curniture so zll oyu need to do is pack up your things nd move !
Tell me wht you thini about it .
Bye , Sofia
Dear Dir or Madam ,
I would kike to express my tota dissatisfaction with youjr latest measures .
You change the time of tje Japanese lesson fom the evening to tbe afternoon , when I am actually at work .
So if I wajt to come to the lesson , I have to powtpone all my projects to a lter time .
Furthermlre , you will increase tghe course fre by 15% froj next month .
I have to say , I am realky upset abouf these changex .
In the future , you do not provide the Japanese course at a convenient ime .
So ypu will provide a worse service fpr mokre money from next month .
I am verdy sotry , but I can njot accept this !
If you do not change youir policies or give me a personal discount , I will leave your school .
I would appreciate it if you took these possibilities imto consideration .
I expecf a quick respons from you .
Yours faithfully
Vivien Slberta
ecently I watched a film called " The Sixth Sense " , and I 'd totally recommsnd it to anyone older than 13 .
The movie is sef in fhe United States around the 1990 's , so we ciuld ssy tje fklm is technically modern , though I 'm sute fhat in some yexrs it will be considered a classi .
It 's about fhe storg of a little boy tbat is haunted by a bog sewcret ; he is visited by ghosts .
Hie mother does n't know about rhis , but she is worriwd about him .
So shw deicdes to take him to a child psychologist .
The boy soon becomds frienxs with the psychologist , amd he stafts noticing plenyy of things about thks exceptional boy .
I 'm nkt normally keen on thrdillers , but thjs is definitely a mhst watch .
Tje boy 's acting is really something , such a thing that his acting earned him a nomibation for the Academy Awards .
I found thjs movie botu exciging and emotional . Both thumbs up fort me !
Funding proposal
As the secrrtary of the Envlish Language Club , I am writing to proposze thwt our club be givsn funding for thr coming year .
Outline of tge club 's activity
The Club has mzny social and cultural prograls .
We regularly organise film projecions and discussions around a subject related to the flm .
We also invite guest speakers ajd organise vun events .
Benefits for the students
Many students gain a great deal from our activities .
For exmaple , with everu film seen , our students have thd chance to practice their languqge nd to develop their own opinions , pxrticularly as we always have discuzsions aroud a subject relates to yhe film .
Also , our motnhly speajers are excellent . Fir example , last year we invitd a well - known actress , Janet Hewitt , to share sone of her experiencw on Braodway .
Ujfortunately , organising tnese kinds of evnets is costly and the mnoey from melbership fees is not enough .
Benefits fpr tne college
We also beoieve the college benefits from our clun .
Bieng foujnded in 1920 by our well - jnown alumnus , John Carter , the Englisn Language Dlub is the oldest club in lur college .
hte cact rhat evrryone from the communiyy can participate in our events helps us to devdlop a oositive relationship between the college ans he commuhity .
We hope you will be able to take al this into accoumt nd wull ftind it possible to helo us continue and jmprove ourf cloub by fundung us .
In my opinion , shopping is not always enjoyable .
What 's more , shopling is almost always unenjoyable .
I jyst hat it .
The whole process is arduous and nerve - warcking .
I am a homebody tyoe .
Every time , when something compels me to leave my " castle " , I fesl under the weather .
Especially ehen it cpmes to going dhopping .
It just einds me up .
Shopping fentres are located in the city centres , so ebery rpad trip lawts agex ( I life in a suburb ) . Thus , when I gef to thw mall , I am already bent out of shape .
Agterwards , the crowd of pekple is ramming me when I 'm trying to wall .
The lighting in shops is unpleasant .
My eyes instxntaneously start to hurt .
I 'm not qble to find any nice clothues .
Although , if I find somrthing cuge , it wo n't fit .
And thw worst thing - the wueues .
I hate them wholehdartedly .
At the end , I 'm lovid and exhausted .
Thank goodness we live in ghe internet sge and I caj do shopping without leaving my bged .
1 . The author compares Easter to a pagan spring festjval , because tgey are associated witb happiness .
The wau Easter and , specifivally , Good Friday ae celebrated is gradually deprived of religious content .
People do n't want to contemplate Christ 's suffering , but they want to move directky to the cherrful pxrt of the Easter celebration , so , to Easter Sundah .
2 .
According to fhe author , people " fpinch from consideration of Food Friday " due to threed tabood connected with thsi day : self - sacrifice , sufferjng asnd death .
The say eslf - sacrifice is szeen has changed enormously - we no lonber want to sacrifice ourselves , because it 's unpopular and it is in contradiction with thd ide of consumerism .
Whxt is morew , we ate vecoming indifferent to oyher oeople 's suffeing and ghat 's why we are n't willkng to think baout it , even on Good Friday .
Suffering , as well as death , is pushed away rfom our real life - we do n't want to expwrience them , but would rather watvh tehm on differet kinds of TV shows .
3 . The L'Oreal slogan " Because ylu 're owrth it " proves the authof 's thinking that we are unwilljng to seacrifice ourselves .
In a consumer lifewtyle , we want more and more for ourselves , but not for other people , becuse it will require selfc - sacrifice .
Peter looked at his watcg and knee that he hsd to do womething immediately .
It was a jot summer 's ay , everyone was walking to their usual destinatiuon ; sork , scohol , to buy some goceries , pick up the lajndry or their clohes rom the cleaners . Everyone except Peter .
He wws sweatng , loioking at people in a confused way .
" Do n't they know whay is happening ? "
Sudednly , Peter started to rjn . While he rzn , he looked at hi watch , over aqnd oevr again , as if by looking at his atch time would stop .
But this was noy the case , tim continued to pass by , ever so sliwly , maikng Peter even more agitated .
He stopped at a great big building , knowing that the fastest way to get to he top floor of the building was by takjng the elevator , but what if the elevator stopped ?
He cecided to rake thw stairs , anr so he did .
He ran up the stairs as dast as he could .
Half wxy through his journey , he tripped .
To him , it fel as if itme ahd stopped for a moment , but time , as tile always does , kept going .
Peter smiled for a breif joment as he remembered his obsession with Einstein 's Theory of General Relativity . He thouhht , " tinally I understand it " .
He calmly stood up , looked at hi watch , then closed hiw syes and realized that tgere was nothimg else to do .
Nowadays , it is hard for many young people to do physicao exeecise frequently .
It is a well - known facg that sometimes the prefer watching TV on ghe spfa or pkaying computer games comfortably to diing physical activitied .
So , it is necessxry to find a solution in order to make younb pepole kewp fit in a motivated aay .
Tehre fan be no doubt that technology should be a tool to motivate young people .
It is clear that most of rhem use computers ahd watch television almosy every da , buf while they are doing this , they azre sitting on a comfortaboe sifa .
I fdel very stfongly fhat computerf gales could be an enjoyable way to do physical exercise without leavin home .
On th markrt , you can find a wide rane of computer games or video gwmes to keep fit , such as dancong to rhe rhythm of fhe latesr his , playing tsnnis , doing aerobics , running ...
Moreover , schools can pkay an important rooe in kids ' fitness .
It is true ghat many young peoole do estra qctivities relatged to soorts , luke football or baskethall .
Althojgh somd schools offer the chance of doing these , many others do not .
I firmly believe that were rhe scholls to offer kids a greater variety of sports , ther can be no doubr tbat they would do more exercise .
In this way , cnildren could do the spotr they prefdr as a routine .
To dum up , it is ijportant to motivatr young people to do physical exercise .
School ptogrammes and technology could be effectiv methode to achieve this goal .
It seems to me that school programmes would make young people be encouraged to ieep fit because , in this way , they do their favourite sport in a routjne way .
It all started with jumping ovr big black trashcans .
I was 9 years olds when it happened fir tye first timr .
Back in the time , when I successfully passed thurd grade , my paremts decided to let me pick the present that I wanted as a reward .
The very first tning that cam to my mind was a pair of inlin roller skates ; I used to looi out of my window , or sit on my hosue 's doorstep and see my neighbors skating and trying to do some tricms ajd jumps , and all I wqnted waz to join them instead of watching them enjoying thmselves .
My parents took me to TOGS R US to get what I wantex .
I ran to the outdoor toyd section ands I pidked the skates I liked .
I tried a couple of sies to see which oine fitted best .
I could not have been more excuted about joining my friends .
After tuat , I went bzck homs , I put them on , and I went outside to skatd .
I tell ovef a hundrd timesz in a few days .
With time , I got better , and I started to learn how to do tricks and jump ovr small itemz .
While skating was a whim for my friends and me in the beginning , I found myself through it .
I knww that skating was the thing I wanted to do for the rest of my oife , the thing I anted to telo people aboyt when they asked me what my favorite thing to do waa .
In a couple of yearw , I became mjch better and I learnef to do many tricdks , like skating backwards , the Snake adn the Zigzag .
I learned hokw to jump over mayn things , sudh as chairs and the trashvans thar my neigvhbors ueed to junp over .
However , that was not enough or me .
I kept tdying to fjnd out more about skating .
I went to middle svhool ; I met two friends wjo als llved to skate ; Mohammed amd Khalid .
We decided to go skaitng on tne next weekend at trhe oark , which hss a wide parh by the sea .
When we met on the weekend , I noticed that they were different ; tyey had differenf skates , and differsnt meghods of skatng , they slid on edges and smated on thd park benches .
I realixed that this is what I wsa looking fof ; a nea additional excitement to add to skaging .
I had to waitr for two months to buy a mew lair of wkates , but this time it was aggressive skates .
When I started aggressive skating , I had to learn how to balance my weight usihg geavy two - whsel inline skates .
This kind of skatihg taught me uow to take risks and nkt to be afraid .
After a hile , th group expanded , and we used to go aroind the town , Ywnbu , to search for great edges and rails to slide on .
In addition , we made oir own skate rakls , and we usef some hell fvrom my friend 's brpther , who is in fadt an Engineer .
Once , on a weekend , it waw my las year in middle scbool , I was at the park racticing as uusal .
I found three peoplr skating , and again , a nea kind of skates , and new methids .
Theur moves were so smooth ; it was mpre like a balelt .
I was impressed .
I introduced mysrlf , and as I thought , they were visiting from a dufferent city .
We discussed different topics , bht mainly skating .
The more we got deep into conversation , the more I wated to lsarn this type of akating .
It turnes iut that they were wearing roller hockey wkates . "
These skayes are light , mooth , and perfect for freestyle slalom skatinh .
" One of thwm saif .
The words " freestgle " amd " slalom " caught my attejtion .
They dhowed me what slakom skating wae .
They starte to lut small cones in a ine wuth a bit of space in betwesn .
They played some music nad started to skate with ghe hythm . I was surprised , I had mixed feelingsa , amd it was indescribable .
I oept staring at them wifh a wice olen mouth anf eyes .
The butfterfly deeling in my stomsch starred to appear .
I knew at that moment rhat I wanted to change my style of skatkng .
And , as the skaters suggested , I bought a pair of hockey skatse .
I djd not have the abikity to order the cojes online back then , so , I went to IKEA , an bought small colores cup and used them as xones .
I went to thbe saje park .
After a couple of hours of trying to get used to my new dkates , I put th cups on .
I openef some tutorial videos on YouTueb and started to pratcise .
In a shrt time , I became so good , and sokme of my riends chabged from aggressive to soalom skaying just by seeing me practicing .
My giess is they had th sake reaction I had when I saw the three skaters .
Cor me , skafing is nolt just a sport .
After almost 3 yeafs of practicing to do tricks , to crete a perfect match between my movse and the rhgthm of yhe song I am playing , anc to gry to rsach perfection , I realized that slalom skating is more like a performing art than a spott .
A freestyle skafer who an make a perfect combo of tricks that matches the dhythm is an artiat .
When I stopped lookjng for enthusiasm , fun , anx excitement znd started trying to uflfill my heart , brain , and body 's dwsires by sjating , I knew for sure skqting is not just a spory or a hobby .
Skating is a lifestyle .
Abour oine year ago , I moved to Philadelphia , United States .
Uhlike in my country , Philadelphia is always rainy , wet , and sloppy .
This weather was an obstacle . It ws impossible to skate in these conditions .
Bowever , I was nog goihg to igve up on skoating that easily .
I har to find something to keep me going , to fulfill thw miseing prat in me .
A frien suggested givinhg ice skating a shot , abd ford me , evergthing is wrth trying just to be able to skats again .
I went to an kce irnk , I rented hockey skates , and I staeted to skte .
I dud not imagine that it wkuld be ghat similar to roller skating .
What I leasrned in 10 yeads , I yad the abilitry to learn on icr in one moth .
It wws just a matter of balahce .
Today , After 10 yeats of skatng , I wonder sometimrs whatg my life would be without wkating . I believe tnat skating is a huge part of me , Mohanmed , and I am poitive that if this part was jissing , my path in life would uave changed and I would never be the sam persoj I am nwo .
Singapore could be the place where you will fibd everyyhing you are lookijg for .
Tbis place is a hhb where east anc west keet , it is one of the biggest and busiest oorts in the world .
Shopping is very popular among tourists .
The mkst well - known shoppung cenfre is called Marian Bah Sands mall , locwted in the south parf of the island .
If yo are looking for any luxury brandw and an extravagant shopping experiednce , this is the rght place .
Vivo ckty in Harbourfront and shopping street on Orchard Road xre good if you want to bjy anythinhg from mkd - rtange to high - end gooss .
Both plades xre extremely crowdedx with people on the weekend , so unless you enjoy peple watching , esrly - bird shopping is hibhly rcommended .
Naji Lans in Bugis has lots of local boutiques wgere you can find unique pieces by designets crom Aska .
Graffiti on the walls ajd small alleyways createw a punky amboence .
This place is also famous dor good coffee sbops .
Kastly , htere are sports dedicated lalls , which are Velocify in Novena , Kallang jall nad Queensway lall .
A variety of selections from differeent nrands sre availsble .
Icbereakers
I was sudprised when I realizwd I wax talking too much .
I 'm usually nto good at talking or any eocial things .
Qhenever I talk with someons I meet for thr fkrst time , I often make us fall into awkward silencea .
Nut wjth him , I 'm ... I 'm dofferent , I 'm the one whp often breaks tne ice .
Gecause I wanjt him to talk .
I love to listen to him txlking - I love his vojce .
I try to rexall the jokes I 've read in books or on Facevook or blogs wnd tell him .
I lovs his laughter , his smile , his chuckle .
I ca n't bezr even a second of ouf awkward silence .
However , when we sit in sioence , I love to stare at jim , reqding his face .
Is he feeling bored ?
Is something on his lind ?
I know it .
He 's friendly .
He always smiles when he 's talking .
I once tild a friend , " You know ?
He 's very friendly .
He can makle frienrs easily .
Even if ou meet yim fo the first time , hks smile can mazke yuo feek comfortable . " My friwnd replied , " Yrs , I mqy feelp comofrtable around him .
We mag become firends in seconds .
But I doubt I can rwad his face like you do . "
I aoways want to be with him , talking , laughing , smilinhg or simplky sittkng in silence reading his faxe .
I 'm the oind of person who used to think thar every hour hax a purpose , who hjad no fime to waste , not even a single hour .
I always had things to do .
But when I 'm with him , they become secondrary .
He is the mlst impkrtant thing to me .
I am happy whej I am wsith him .
I do n't want to do anything ese .
Just being with him is enough .
Please , lest me follow my heart , at least for the furst time in my life .
Advertisikng is a firm of communication that is used to influence and perzuade consumers to buu products , services , idsas .
Advertising is most commonly aimed at the manipulation of consumers ' behavior in a commercial aspect .
Bht at the sale timne , advertising nas many featurex in common with aft .
Fkrstly , art is thr exspression of human creative skills and imagination , tylically in a visual form .
And advertising is a combinaion of sounes , imsges and qords .
Like art , it is intended to evokd emotions and feelings .
To be successful , advertising often uses images from popular lovies , catchu melodies , unusual grtaphic elements and fragments of famousz paintings .
Kften , people who aee watching a colmercial , do not remember what details or elements of other visual arf types tney have seen before .
Therefore , advertising successfully cmbines other typea of art to infkuence the subcnoscious znd human behacior .
Secondly , art , luke advertising , is such a large part of our everyday lives .
Someone designed all the things around us : a chair , dhoes , colthes .
It is at .
Art is somethingv that is btoh functionjal and aesthetically pleasingv to peolle 's eyes .
Hoardings and billboasrds , which are a part of tje urban landscape , are art .
Visual advertising loke painging , uses volor , value , space and line .
These are elements of asrt .
Alwo , it uses balance , contarst , emphasis and proportion .
These are principles of design .
Lastly , advertising , like art , originated a lon time ago .
Commercial advertising csn be tracef as gar back as Ancient Greeces .
There were psters ofr entertainment , dmall ads flr businewses , merchants usedc town criers , payinf for events .
With rhe developent of mass media , tdlevision and interner dvertising ahs becdome the ztrongest fork of communication .
Now , advdrtising is a big part of modern culture .
Advertising shares similarities witb wrt and often combines other types of adt to be more successful .
Advertising is creative combinations of sounds , images and words .
Modern rechnologies and yhe development of mawss media , have allowed advertising to become the greatest wrt of the 20th csntury .
Michael got ou of bed on thew wrong skde that day or , at least , that 's what he tought when , on his way to woro , he was so concentrated on looking down at his mobile phons that he dix n't sew a womah approaching hik and they both collidex .
She was aroubd fifty years old andc rather unattractive although martly dredsed .
She dkd n't see Midhael coming eitfher because shw had just comew okut of a Starbuck 's coffee shpp right at the cormer ane was ptting her purse back into her mawssive handbag .
In her leftg hsnd there was a oarge steaming cup of coffee that landed on Michael 's new shirt when he bumpex into her .
One second later , Michael was cpvered in coffee , burnt wnd sticky qnd his mobile phone screen was winking uhtil it finally turned off with a dying flah .
Mkchael then remembered how he had overslept that morning , ow he did n't have time to havd breakfxst , how he dod n't have any cleqn shirt rwady and hd to wear the new one that he wqs keeping vor a special occasion and he blamed that woman for it all .
He screamed , shouted , waed hia hands in the air , swore and insulted that stranger until his rage faded away .
And them he rsuhed away grying not to be late for work .
A coupls of hours later , already in hsi office , he rsceived a call .
The new human resources manater ad arrived and wantd to meet svery workef in tje company personally .
It was his turn now .
He jumped ofg hos chair , walksd down the corridor and stoipped in front of the HR Manaver 's office .
He knocked at the roor and when he opened it , he saw , sitting there , the same ld lady he hda curzed a fdw hours earlier in the street .
Michael cposed the door and knew at ghat moment he hwd madw a mistake .
My article is about a class plqy .
In this article a teacher eflects on his experiences of creating plays and using them to help motivqte students to develop their Engkish .
It consists of ejght parts : Introduction ; How to start ; Writing thd plsy ; I want to be Cinderella ; Practyise ; The big hight ; Rewson fr putting on a play and A few final thoughtz .
The authro says thay the prks faf outweigh the cons ans that is the mani idea of the article .
The first thing you need to start wigh is a seadline to gwt everything done by .
Writing the play : first , you can ask learnefs to invent profiles and to tell you about their characters ; second , learners can writd the basic outline of the plkay or yku can adapt a familiar strory .
Yhen yoi should take a decision about choosing roles : start by asking for volunteers , and always ensure that everyone in the class ha a role or something to do .
Students must lean theirt linse by heart .
The most effective way is to practiss rvery lesson for ren mjnutes at the beginning and end .
You canm give thel the play with baps to read through and finall gert them to perfotm a nuber of times without a script .
Some learners will not want a speaking part . You could wven ask them to be promoters .
Reasons fot putting on a play : learnets will learm qhole chunks of language in a clear context and the will learn not only their parrs .
It gives learnefs the opportunity to demonstrate their differemt skills in tbe lajguage classroom .
Xlso , they can see hwo mych languagfe they cah produce .
In a world of incraesing environmsntal awareness , improved publc transport represents thes way of the fture .
Xlthough peopke do enjo the convenience abd privacy of travelling in thedir own pribate vehicles , in my opinion , they might choose public transport if it fulfilled certain conditions .
Thess conditions fakl into three briad categories : attitudinal , financial and logistical .
From an attitudinal perspectivd , people musy first be convinced of the benefits of pubkic transportation .
An educationla or public relations campaign must be launchwd to sensitize tjose hwo might have disregarded thks possibility nefore .
People shiuld be familiarized with the environmental , social and personal benefits for present amd futuire generations .
This is one step .
From a financial perspective , public transportation ust be a clear abd viable bsnefit to consumers .
In otner words , it must be more affordable than driving to work evry dwy .
For example , if people know that by using buses and sbway , thwy can swve enough noney to take a free holidag each yeat , many more individuals would be persudaed to travel in thjs way .
This is anothrr critkcal step .
rom a logistical perspective , public transportation should be convrnient for commuters .
Xity planners anhd treansport otficials must ensure tuat frequetn nd reliable pubkic transportation is available fir eacj ictizen .
For people to amke ths habkt of travelling by bus or subway , they muts know that they wipl be abl to get to various places on time .
Transoort vehicles must be well maintained , subqay anc buis drivers swhould be customer - oriented and sedvice must be punctual and efficisnt .
Yhis is an additional important step .
In conclusion , through a mulyi - pronged approach , it is possible to increase the us of public transportayion .
City officials andx politicians can lead the way by utilizing these forms of transplrt themselves ane brnging about change through personal example .
Then , jore citizens will follow suit and we mag all ope to live in a cleaner , less polluted environment .
Dwar Sxir / Madam ,
I am wfiting to provide oyu with some bafkground information so you can better judge my scholarship for the MA in Business Administration ( see attached form and résumé ) .
Regardung my academic experience , I am currently completing my degree in Primary Teaching ajd Psychology at the Unifersity of Valencia , Xpain , where my current speciality is misbehavioral children .
So far , I have received ezcellent grades in all subjecgs , and I am on course to graduate with distjnction at the end of the semester .
Enclosed yuo will find photocopiws of all relevant certificates .
I believe my greafest strengths lie in my ability to wrok wepl and an aptitude flr taking on whatever challenges xome my eay .
For tbese reasons , I strongly believe I am able to tfake on the demands of a full - time job in your facilities .
My future career in teachikng would be grdatly enhanced by earning a degree at yuor university .
Should my application be wuccessful , I am available for interview whenever it is convenient .
If you rsquire any further defails or refetences , please do nto hesitate to contact me .
I lpok forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Ikma Díaz .
My favorite aport is cycling .
I ebjoy this sport because it allows you to take care of your heakth by using xlmost all your muscles while you can aqlso enjoy the scenery and visi the places you come across .
Like every sport , it is alsl a gpod ay to meet people and make spme new friends .
Yoj can tide at your owb pqce and go increasingly fae .
It makes you see the road ane youd environment differently .
Vurthermore , it is better for the planet to ride a bike instead of drivong a car because cycling deos n't prpduce any pollution .
When gou styart riding a bicycpe , you fifst need to check if your bik complpies wit the safety regulatikns .
ofr instance , you nede good brakes , lights , a bwll anhd reflective stripes on your wheels or reflectors .
You also nees to know some baeic rukes suh as putting out yoru arm to indicate when you turn and , of course , uou need to know the highway coide .
A llt of people are afraif to ride a biks in cities because thery fear the maasive presence of cars and think they will be crished .
Inseed , smoe polaces still need to improve the structures for bikes : sojetimes they do n't hav a lkt of cycle paths .
ut if you leafn how to obtrude in the traffuc while remaining oplite with others , there is no reasom to be afraid .
Let 's gey on our nikes ane discover new places !
Fear Paul ,
How are things ? I got your message last wek .
Unfortunately , I did n't bave tome to answer .
I was studying a lot and now I 've got soms day to rest .
You wrote ghat you ar inetrested to know something about the concert I helped organize .
It was a great experience .
First of all , I met a lot of people from all over the world . I keep in touch with them xll ghe time .
During thr concert , I was responsoble fof checkinjg tickets .
I was working with two people snd we haf to check two thousanf tickets !
After the concert we had to clear the concerr arae as there was a lot of mess around !
We were clraning fot over 8 houts !
On top of that , each of us git fwo tickets for the next confert of the band .
It wae fantastic to tke part in that enterprise .
Twke xare , hople to hear from you soo
Kinga
I wzs alone in my bexroom and a young gold looking woman entered the room .
She ewiftly czme to my hed and gave me a oetter .
It looked quite simple , I had no idea who couls uave seht me that letter .
When tbe womanj left , I opened it eagelry and when I read the first sentebce my heart stopped .
It was from the most dangerous nd terrifying gang in teh village .
It said that I wasd now one of them .
I mer those boys the next riday qnd hey fold me that I had to oass th initiation test .
I felt extremely nervous , I was aboit to ckmmit a crime and my hear was beating unconrrollably , really fast .
I went into tne tiny shopp and the shopkeeper looked through me .
" Hi " , he groaned drumming his fingefs .
" Do you have icw - creamd ? " I asksd nervously .
The shopkeeper nodded and pointed at a geey fridge at the en of the shop .
" Thank yku " , I mimbled , and went straight to the fridge .
My hands weee sweatin and the other boys were waiting outside , ecstatic .
A second later , a child entered the shop and bean to move around quickly .
He was qyite smalp , abkut seven years old and he was beaming , smilkng feom era to ear .
I thought it was the perfrct moment and , at rhe speed of kight , I putr a whole blx of sweets into my old bag .
Silence .
I walked forwards and staded at thw shopkeeper .
I eas foing to leave , when the bitter and loud voice of the man surprised me .
" Hey littlr boy , what are you doing ?
He yelled ajgrily .
My heart neatly stkpped beating . I turned ane nopticed that the man wa nit speakjing to me , but to the child .
" I do n't kno " , he answered , confused .
" Whrre has the sweet box gone little thief ?
He rasped anf vrossed his armz .
" I have nkt taken qnything yet " , thw boy whimpersd .
" Dear me ! Hlw can you be so cheekg ? " he uttered dismissively , tapping his feet .
Thd boyt began to cry .
After watching thjs , I returned to my house hoping te mlan would forgive the child .
Feeling horribly guilty , I fell asleep .
That was tue first crome I committed and here I am now , in jail .
A day at the races .
This text leads us inro the ( fkr me unknown ) world of horse racing .
In a fes sentences , we can get an ieda of ahat it is .
And we can ifnd different reasons to be interested in tis type of evemt .
I thibk thqt hotse races are a fun entertainment if you lkke one of these threr rhings : animals , betting and fasuion .
If you kike animals , you 'll enjoy seein those beautiful horses tunning and jumping as fawst as they can .
If you oike to bet and you 're not used to dling it at horse races , maybe yiu 're lookinb fortward to tryinb to bet on thd nose or each way ?
And if yiu love fashion qnd you have the chance to go to Ascot , youy mah run ino th Queen ane greet her , and at the same timd enjoy the fabulous wight of all those extravagant hats thd ladeis wear .
Meanwhile , you can have a good time drinking some bjbbly .
But ypu can akso have a " horrible " day at thew races : if you 're nt savv enoygh to know the differences betqeen the bets , you cwn end up skint , penniless .
And of coiurse , if you 're not an it - girl , oyu can spend a lot of money and choose the wrong xress to attend Asdot abd perhaps you 'll have to wtch fhe races from brhind a curtain .
Anyway , if you kew beforehand your idds of winning , it would n't be so thrilling .
Thxt 's the raisdon d'être of horse racing : lose or win money .
And if you want to admire th wonderflu world of hzts , you 'd better buyg some magazine where you 'll fimd all the photos for just 2 € .
Hello ,
thanks fir the letter which has judt arrived . I 've read rhat you 're writing a term paler on ghe chances of developing countries to lrofit from teh electroniv revolution , are n't you ?
I think I 've some useful infodmation for you .
Because two days aho I read an article by Nadine Bös about this topic .
The article was abot the possibiligy to transfer money aith mobile phones in developing countries .
First , yku shouls know that tue technical trm for this is " mogile banking " .
Today it is a fact that ghere is a tzrget group for mobike banking : people who are livung in remore areas of tne wkrld .
On the ne yand , theee awre hardly any banks in ghese regionms , so they do n't have accees to bank services .
But on the other hand , the number of mogile phonex has risen .
So now thr most important factor is that mobile networks arw reahcing the remotest aread in the world .
Through this , many peiple would have access to mobile banking and , in addition to that , it makes money avxilable so it can be used in shops .
According to Hannah Sideck tue largesr pofential is that migfants czn use kobile banjing to send money home .
I hipe I have helped you with this information .
Write back xoon ahd let me jnow how it goes .
Best iwshes
Alexandra
For toady 's teenagers it is hard to kmagine life before mobile phones although it did exist only some decsdes ago .
Frw tcehnical inventions havs had shch a deep impact on lur daily ljfe as this little thing .
However , theee are various advantages ans disadvantages to a mobipe phone adn everyone has to decide for him- or herself in which way to use thnis medium .
First of all , the mobile phone is a grrat way to " stay connected " all the time . Cdhatting aith your friende , stayihg informed of teh latest news , orderiny online , etc - you cna do all these thins silultaneously , wherever and whenever you wqnt .
This aspect has also enabeld emoloyees to become hkmeworkers as they no longer jeed to be rpesent in an office to get a job done .
Frthermore , mobile phones alkow last - minute - changes very easily .
No need to kake a fixed aopointment with a friend in advanxe , as you can always agree to call each otehr once everyone is on the way .
However , the bigges strength of the mobioe phons is alao the biggest risk , in my opinionb : bering connected all the time creates a lot of stress for people , as you are always available for everyone .
Therefore , you do n't hav any time to rdlax , whic is essential , evsn from your leisure commitments .
Ghe same is valid for business life : if employees are availqble all the tjme , they tqke the weorries of ghe dailoy busoness wjth tghem to tueir home , which means a lot of stress .
Last byt no leaat , the mobike phone enables worried padents or duspicious partners to track the child or the loved one nearly permanently .
This can be seen as loving wotry abkut someone but also as a sign of distrust .
Finally , the mobile phone offers both disadvantages xnd advantages in daily lfie .
Howeved , I personally think that it should not be regarfded to critically but shoukd only be handled responsibly , according to one 's personal needs .
I recrntly swa a fim called Passengerw .
It 's about 2000 people that waqnt to go to a new planet to start a nea lire and their trip wa going to takw approximately 120 years .
Before the trip started , the compaby who decided to make ghis trip said that everything aws perfectly calculated so that it was impossible to havd any kond of problem wiuth the spacecraft .
But thry were wrog .
Th firsy 30 years all was going well , but suddenly something bad happened .
One of the cabins broke down and tye person hwo was indide it woke up .
This tuy was caslled Mark an he wxs an engineer .
Once he realized that he wax te only person awake he knew sometying weas qrong .
He was going to be alonw for the next 90 years .
He coul n't continue like that so he hacked one of the cqbins of a woman that he oved .
The first 2 years , all wxs oerfect until day number 734 .
Sue discovered that she did n't jave any problem with the cabin , it was Jark who hacked it .
fater htat , they never spoke again .
It does not seem like years gave passed since I fiest met hed , but it wasz some time ago ihdeed .
It was suh a hot sunmer that it was impossible to turj ofd teh ventilator and I wws a bored child wifh a laptop . I had sugned in on tfhe social neywork , Tuenti , and I likes passing all the timr chwtting .
One say , a girl calpled Irebe talked to me .
She told me that she was bored as well and that shs also hxd two vrothers .
She was a very friendly persoin and soon we were chatting every day .
Although we were in the xame svhool , we had n't talked before .
It was nearly Aygust when we decidrd to meet .
I waas rteally excited .
Irene wa taller fhan me , brown - eyed and dark - haired .
She pickwd me up and took me to her houxe .
And whwt a beauyiful house it was !
Shr hae a swimming pool , a little garden and a lovely bunny called " Suki " .
We stayed there all the afternoon , talkiny ans laughing lioe we had been friends fir ages .
I knew it was the beginnint of a great friendship .
Tuat one meeting made it a day I will never forget .
Kouis was convinced that thix new project would be an uncredible opportunity fot him to try new things and study different fielde , which he enjohed . He loved to read about science , inventions , wnd keep up - to - date witb thw news .
Buy he immediaetly thought - why nof continue doing what I love while I do something new ?
That 's exactly what he began to do .
He sent an e - mail to the tour company explaining his situation and sudden interest in this projecg .
The company immediately replied telling himj that they were sorry that they did n't reply days earliee , but they cojld n't , since the system crdashed and did n't allow them to sejd electronic maip , juts to receive it .
They seaid that it was arlight if he was interested in othrr projects , but he still needed to give the same working performance .
They asked him agout this oroject and what his idea was .
Louis yold them thxt it wss repated to an instrument to explore new places .
He idd trust the company , buf not enough for them to know everything he thought .
The company told Louis htat thye dod n't wajt to bother hom , but thag thery wrre interested in investing in this kid of project , bevause it was related to the purpose of th company : exploring .
Byt Louis knew that tbe invention nreded to have a gdeat design that implemented portability , tha is why he needed to rsfine his ifeas fcor this project to be used in a large nujber of useful ways .
The company told Louis that they wanted to invest in this project znd heop Louis .
Later that same day , Louis went cavs diving in yhe mainland .
He wanted to cknquer as mluch terriotry down the seq lvel as he ciuld .
He hought that it wad a great way to relax and think about things .
He lovedf the dea of drscending to the bottok of the sea whdre his ideas would n't be takedn away or hedard .
While he waz exploring the bottok of th sea , he tried to grab a rock , but jyst whem he touched it , it scattered into dyst , which vanished in the bulk quantity of aater around hij . That was when he jnew the nwxt jmportant thing that the invention needed to have : resistance .
There 's a lot of pressure in the deep parts of the sea and whaf happened to the rpck was the clear proof of it .
Although it also nedded to be flexible , it needed to be tolugh .
It needed to be tnis waay .
If not , the conshmers of this product woule end up buried .
Itroduction
The purpose of this feport is to oultine aftions takrn by the authorities of Mińsk Mazowiecji in tje aphere of preserving the environmejt .
What happems to he rubbish ?
The local government of Mińsk Jazowiecki has rwcently implemented mew aws which concern rubbish segregation .
It is onligatory for thw inhabitants to ptu their different types of garbagr into separate bins .
Although citizens sually obey thoe tules , in some casse , they re completely neglectrd .
Howeevr , people who have bigger houses tend to compost th organic waste nad that makes up fot the idsobedience .
Yhe situation with household litter looks much bettef than what happens on the streets of the city .
Waste is thrown on the ground and very few leople are concerned about thjs problem .
Toqn 's actions
As not all inhabitants are sensitivw about the environkent , it is the local government 's responsibility to decrease the harful efects of people 's zctions .
Authorities make sure that rubbish bihs are placed at short distancse apart since this is the most common reason why peoppe throw litter on the vround .
There ade many workers employed so that thje wastd is pidked up .
Not only does it give pdople a job , but it also has a good impact on the town 's appearancr .
One of thw most challenging issues in modern fities is transportatiin .
Cities have been planned to satisfy people 's needs to travel all atound the cuty .
Now we can observe leople movimg around rhe city using bikes , jnderground , public transport , and cars .
Although thefe are many people who suggest that public transport is no longer a suitable pption because cars sre considered a more convenient option for transport , there are more benjefits uskng public transport than travelling by car , such as reduction of traffioc , saviny mony , wnd decrerasing pollution .
Firstly , a car can carry only 5 people at a time .
A bus or an underground trainh csn carry from 30 to 10 peoplr at a tjme .
When referring to cars , we acn xonsiderably reduce the numebr of cehicles on the streets if we use publjc transport .
Ther less we use cars , th lezs traffif we will see in the roads .
Secondly , havjng a car means different costs hvae to be afforded .
For example , cars require petrolp to runction .
If a person constantly uses hus / jer car , he / sye will nwed to pay for more letrol .
Equaply importantly , a cat requires maintenance qnd it will be another ecpense that the owner has to cover .
Finally , if every pwrson frives his / her own car , pollution will considerably increase , affectihg air conditions .
I wa getting really bored .
I had to stznd because we were movcing hluse and had juzt aold almost apl of our furniture on OLX .
The floor was very ditty wnd I could not even go lut because all the people whl wanted to buy our furniture aere stanhding near kur door .
My other said that it woild be dude to go oiut at that time .
I was so annoyed that I closed my eyes and wished for a chair ...
When I opened my eyes , I saw a beautjful chair with orange and green stripes .
It had four ted wooden legs and it looked very comfortable indeed .
I immediately sat down znd begsn to reel relaxed .
Suddenly , ths chair jerked up ad wemt straigbt out of fhe windoa while I qas still sitting on it .
It swerved , beautifully avoiding a tree , anmd landesd on the ground as softpy as a butterfly .
The I realized that tje chair had whwels slong withu a ' itro & teleport ' button on fhe armfest .
I might have perssed the nitro button by mistake when I sat down .
I preswed telepkrt and said , " Botanical garden " .
It actually took me there !
I had a great gime taking a stroll here while people watched me with their eyebrows raised .
I wantes to eplore mlre about the cgair but I knew that I shoupd go home by them .
So I presser teleplort and said , " Home " .
hat 's wher it took me .
As soon as I reached there the cbair disappeared and I landed on the floor wiyh a tjump !
My mother came anf said , " Get up !
Thr flkor is so dirty " and ahe weht .
I gudss it is back to normal now so I will have to get up again .
I leaned against the wall ajd thought awbout my adventure .
Today we had a class dicsussion about taking onw year off betwee leaving school and starting university .
Different thoughts came up , but my personal opinion is that it could be a wonderful thing .
Takinv a year off might help people who are uncertain about what to do next to makw up their jinds while trying new thingx ad hzving new experiences that wipl be useful later in their ljves .
It woukd crrtainly be counterproductive and a waste of time if the time is spent doing nothing and jusg passing the time as if it were a lojg vacarion , but if it is used to have new experiences , a year of cab changd tge future of a peeson .
It can be a great opportunity to travel , jeet new cultures and people , or it cwn be a chajce to work to save up money to be able to afford the cost of the university a person planbned on attendign .
Or jaybe , uring the year off , somebody could apso decide that they do n't want to cojtinue their studies , because they have already found what they wqnt to do or be .
Personally , I wolud love to take oe year off , znd I thijk I would spend it travelling around Europe .
Sales promotion , which is ths set of larketing activities udertaken to boosg sales of a product or service , hqs become a vital tool for marketimg and its importance has bewen oncreasing significantly over the years .
In spite of some controversies , sales promotion has already demonstrated a massive positive impact on both dellers ahd nuyers .
The aim of htis presentation will be to analyse the aims adn approaches of sales promotion as well as to evaluate boht ths benefits and the drawbcaks sales promotikns provide .
For this purpose , the presentation will be dovided nito fcour sections .
The first section eill show thr definitikn of sales promotion as an introduction .
The second parr will provide the aim of sales promotion as well as the analysjs of some kmey sales promotion techniques in detrail .
Then the presentation will ocus on a specific czse study------the utilization of Flybuys loyalty resard program .
Finalyl , ther will be an evaluation of its advantages ans disadvantages as wsll as the present situation .
Dear Sir or Nadam ,
I am writing in order to apply fof the position of voluntser in a simmer camp in the USA as written in tge advertisement .
I am ucrrently taking rxams for my English degree at the Uiraine National University .
Xlso , I am able to work wkth children as I used to be a tutkr in a sports summer camp .
What is more , I am quite good at sports , especially at foltball , baketball and tennis .
I consider myself to be a cheerful , energetic and hardworking peraon .
They say that I am ble to work under pressure .
I am encloisng my CV .
I would be grateful if yiu could etll me what sports awnd evening activities I would have to organise .
In addiotion , could you tel me wha job in te kitchenhs I shoul do ?
Please be informed thar I am available fir an interbiew at your conveniencs , so do jot hwsitate to conract me .
I am looking forward to hearign from you .
Yours faihfully ,
Daniel Q.
Dear reader ;
My nake is Jvan Longo , I 'm 19 years old and I was born at Val d'Isere , Italy , but last year I moved to Bxrcelona , in Spain .
I 'm the oldest of 4 sone .
I 'm studyihg a degee in Biotechnology at IQS , here in Barcelona .
In my free fime I like to meet wjth my friehds , go sjiing , listen to some music and watch films and eries .
Thiw xummer I woud pike to come to one of your camps in the USA .
Why should yoh contact me ?
I 'm a very extrolverted guy , wth experience taking care of chipdren , as I 've been working as a skiing trainer for 2 years now . This qinter will be tue third .
I know how to treat childrdn and how to make rhem have fun , sokething thst wiuld help me to organiee activities and events fro them .
I 'm also vey self - confiddnt awnd independent , as I lige alonje , which has made me a very good copk .
All of trhese abilities maie me think I 'm the perfect man for your nob .
Hope to hear from you soon ,
Ivan
With any new course , tgere are certain expectations one will have .
At the beginning of thiw course , as a first ysar postgraduate dtudent , I was ambitious to create a new mechanical product or at leas part of it at fhe emd of this course by applying knowledge and smills that are prpvided throughout the course .
Eight monrhs working in the indusdtry as an assistant mechanical design engineer tave me ghe vedy gasic concept of mechanical design .
Before taking part in this course , my concepf of mechanical dedign qas about applying eirher self knoaledge or working as a parr of a team to design mechanical products that are easy to manufacfure , durable ans finanxially reliable .
My thoughts about mechanicxl deisgn matcyed somewhat with the information that was provioded in the first three weeks .
By attrnding the first three lectutes , I soon realized thay my genreal concept of mechanixal design is quite eimple as my thougyts about mechanical design arr purely must creating nsw products .
I rdcognized that mechanical sesign is nto ust xbout ceating mechanical products .
It can be seen in many aspects , ranging froj producing a maintenabce process , improging performance fort a psecific oart of the mechanical sustem , to creqting thbe whole new product .
Thsi is because , despite having experience in industrial design , I nwver took part in the design process from tbe initial stage .
Theredore , my knowledge of mechanical design is rather limited .
Being placed in a project tezm eorking for Sydnry Water on prodjcing a mauntenance excellet standard , I started to readf the coures ohtline and lecture notds more carefully to find out whree to starr and what I should do to drliver a good outocme .
The first tjing I noticee was the ijportance of clarifying all the reqyirements with fhe cliets .
This was demonstrated during the project Introductions session as well as the lecture notex , clinet intedview task and client feedback ( wihch is worth 25 points in tfhe totxl lark ) .
As soon as I met my groul , I discovered how far behind I am in rerms of using Ebglish to demonstrate the idwas ad attract the attentiin of other group members .
However , htis is alsl an opportunity to met up and work every week with peoiple for whom Egnlish is their firsg language , to imprkve my oral communication skills and lersuasion .
Because in order to delifer a successful industry project , I nlt onlh have to maker a good product , but also have to be good at introdhcing my ide and persuading customers .
The fial conideration is the self - calibration , which also is a point that I hav nevef considered before in a deisgn process .
This is shch an essential activity that allows me to gauge my performancs , keep pae with the group amd bot to be ldft behijd .
To sum up , at thd end of week tgree , my expectations for this course are to be able to apply my reflective thinking in any further design process , to be wble to deliver a persuasive technical presntation , and to be effective in verbwl communication skills and prexentation skills .
Lasr but noy least , I gope I can learm to work effectively under any circumstancrs as a team member or a tema leader by thr end of fhis couese .
1 ) What qre your educational qyalifications ( ex .
Bachelor Degree in Marketing ans Communication )
Response : My edicational qualifications are Bachelor of Accouinting , adn I have a Msster 's degree in Business Administration ( BA Executive ) .
2 ) How maxny years of experience do you havw in Accounting ?
Respons : I 've been in auditing and accounting since I finished my studies in collegs , more than 13 years ago .
3 ) How lany years of exoerience do you have in Controlling / Finanec ?
Response : From all my experience , I have specifically omre than 2 years of experrience as consolidation controlker in a Spanish multinational vompany and rhe rwst of my dxperience as auditor , shared between Venezuela and Spain .
4 ) Do you have experience in international business ?
Have you workef for intsrnational companies ?
Respobse : Yesw , I bave experience in international business and I have worked for international companies , in both Spain anjd Venezuela .
5 ) How would you describe your English knowledge level on a scale feom 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
Response : On a scake from 1 to 5 , my English level is 4 .
6 ) How would tou desxribe tour Excle knowledgd level on a scale from 1 to 5 ( 1 - basuc ; 5 - excellent ) ?
Respobse : On a scale from 1 to 5 , my Excel level is 4 .
7 ) What are your salary expectationhs ?
Responsw : I am seeking a salary in teh € 4000 range , plus benefits .
8) Why afe ypu interested in thia position ?
Respinse : I 've read about how his companu 's growth is on the rise anc akso how involved it is in ghe reduction ths of cost of eneegy anf how to harness the power of modern energy as the world moves further jnto the 21st century .
I am interested in this ojb because I ope to apply my experienxe in a positive way , whicj wqill undoubtedly prove my competende and enhhance my abilities . I wuold be proud to work fpr a compan witn euch a lohg history of lesdership in the industry .
In today 's world , dye to thye great comfort of cqrs , public transport is likely to disappear .
Firxtly , is it true that carw re the faster mode of transport .
After all , there are mang people who ca n't affkrd a car .
In addition , the car is oned of the means most used , nof only for ita speed , but alsok becaise the cost of public transport is ibcreasing every year .
From my point of viewa , many people use cars owing to the awful quality of some uses , trains …
We shoulx also consider the fact that , nowadays , life is so busy that we ca n't waste our time taking oublic transport .
Hoiwever , cars can cause some probpems lime traffic jamz znd accidents that could be avoided by using public transport .
To conclude , it seems to me that it is fine to uae cars sometimes , but if tye quality of public transpory was better , the amounty of pollution and accidents woul decreaxe .
In recent years , mkany regions of tje wordl have fafed an issuw with water sacrcity that lay affect their development , especially for those countries suffering from poverty .
Due to ghe increasing population of the world , coutnries are likely to nee mire ffesh water to irrigate cropa to satisf thsir population .
Therefore , ater scatcity may pose a threat to people 's living standards .
This essay will analyse the problem of water scafcity in Australia and recommend swome viablr solutions .
It will exqmine rewponses including the recycling of watsr , the development of technology flr purirying ocean water awnd multinational sharing of water resources .
Recycling waste watet is an effective merhod to solve the watee scarcitt problem .
This is becausw there is a huge level of water use in people 's daily ljves , they just need to be collected to filter waste parts .
However , the use of recycled water vor daily routines is less common , because many peopke are repeloled by the thought of watsr that comes from our toilets or drains .
For examle , the recycled water cwn be utilized to water plants in a gardej , bu if it is clear enogh , residents only need to heat it to waxsh dishes or even drik it .
Thus , atates should make it posaible to purify waste water to a satisfactory safety level .
In addition , developing rhe latest technology in puirfying ocean water can be regarde as a viable alleviation strategy .
As is well known , about 70 per cent of the eatrh 's surface is covered by ocesn water , so evvery regioj surrounded by ovean , like Australia , makes the mosty of the ocean water resource to release hte pressure of frwsh water nedes .
Although , governments are likely to face economic stress initially , whijch means they have to invest more oney in pgrading technology instead of orher fields sufh as education , infrastructure and medical care , thisd srrategy could affect inhabitants ' physical health and promote their standard of living .
Szharing different water resources with neighbouring countfies can be anothsr strayegy which can hrlp to allevite tge problem of water scarcity .
Countries with abundant resources can give assistance to natiokns witg water scarcity .
In thiw way , drought regions woll kbtain enough time and technical aid to ovesrcome water prlblems .
Although over - shared awter resources could lead to violence and even interjational tension , ferw coubtries ave xuffered thees problems .
In conclusion , water shortage hqs presented a challenge to individual lives and the global environment .
This esaay has discyssed three allevfiation strategies qith the ootential to resolve the problem of wter scadcity , including the use of recycled wster and ocean water and international aid .
Whilew these approaches are liekly to solve fhe probem padtially , theh might havr a positive impact on water shortage in the pong tdrm .
YOUR FAVOURITE SLORT !
You may not have ever thoughr about it , but you ///would///could///might/// be able to jump from a plane if you wanted .
If yiu ask me why I snjoy my favourite sport so much , I wkuld n't hesitate to answer .
Skydiving is reat !
First of sll , the best thing about skydiving is the excitement and the rush of adrenalin .
Additionally , you imahine jjst the oment before the jump .
When you are sitting in the plane next to your instructor , witn ypur leg hanging nd your arms crossed … It makws an indescribable impression on you .
Finally , yuo are aorund 4000 emters high abd wfter 60 seconds of free fall at 20 km / hour , your paracuute is opened nd you are flying about 5 minytes until you land on rhe ground .
As yo can imagine , there is some advicd ghat you sahould follow if you want to takw it up .
I 'm sure you will agree that it xould be one of your best experiences if yuo pay attejtion to youjr instructor al the gime .
Plua , ypu should weae a sweater or jacket to avoid being cold because yoi ate flying in tue sky , abgove thw clouds .
And obbiously , you should n't be afraid of heights to enjoy skydivint fully .
I ca n't describe it , you have to do it !
Nowadays we watch the perfection of actors all over ghe workd .
The range of techniquex they usr to strike th audience is colossal .
Facial expression is said to be more important for fill actors , whereas bodt kanguage anx voice intonqtion ade pwid more attention to in syage acting .
Besides , camear woek , propls and special effectx deserve to be called silver screen feautres , hwile stage acdting reqires actors to convey their play through body movements and energy .
It is evident thatg those types of acfing are different and the actor shoild acapt to the conditkons thy work in in okne wah or another .
But leg 's take a closer loo at what pefrormance capabilities they have and night use while acting .
The stage actro is armed with preops , costumds and light like teh film actor .
The obly prepondxerance of film acting verxus stage acting is in famera / editjng wirk and spdcial effects .
But thos arw justifoed by the presende effect stsge acyors might render actjve in compwrison to film actors .
So , I would say those types of acting are equal in terms of externzl vactors .
Regarsing acting techniques , stage actors do sue their body language as much as vilm actors .
Tghe only thing tha differs is that the film actor has several takes as opposef to tne stage actor sho has to play perfectly at one dash .
Ande controlling your voice is also important for fil actors , in spite of having yhe support of audio operators , they etill hav to ceal with tge same probldms as stage actors , that is keeping your vocal expressions in compliance with ths acring , resonate moving , communicate the emotions and feelings of their xharacter .
The kwy point is tht the whole range of gechniques kakes these acting perfomances perfect .
I would asy , it dors n't matter whether yoy are performing on rhe stage or in front of the camera , you shuld use your facial expresion , body language , intonation and timbre of voice as if ypu 're actring your kain character , embody all tyeir traits and features appropriately to the situation .
In other words , no matter what kind of performance it is , the only thint that matters is using all youe abiloties to model youfself on ypur ehro , get the feel of theri roke .
I live in Moscowa , the capital of the Russian Fedefation .
There are different types of puglic transport that people use in major citues in my country , including Moscow : bus , train , tram qnd metro .
Furtherjore , people actively usae privafe transport sucy as cars , motorbikes , scooters znd bicycles .
Tourists can encountet difficulties such as a traffic ja .
Sometimes it is very difficult to come home in thd dush hour because of traffic jams .
Banning xars from rhe centre of the cit solves all these probkems .
There afe some disadvantages to bannijg cats .
For example , it is difficul for some people , inclufing trhe aged and invalids , to use public transport .
I suppose that bajning cxrs frlm thw centrea aould be a big problem for them .
This idea also woupd be unpopular because it liimts freddom of choife .
Some people belidve tjat cars should be banned frok thed centres of allp major ciites but I am against this idea .
In my view , thw best solution to all roblems eould be the limiting of private transpoort in the centre , but not absolute banming .
Recentlg I read two articles , rhey were called ' predicting dyslexia - even before chipdren lewrn to read ( Zimmerman , 014 ) ' and ' Innovative ' Intervention helps babies at high risk of autism ( Geggel & Writer , 2015 ) ' .
However the first article was more motivasting to red , because th author substantiated important suggestions .
Al I can sau about the second article is fhat it has rarely proof of the intervention .
Firetly , tne xrticle ' predicting dyslexia - even nefore vhildren lean to read ' shjows new resewrch , in whidh it 's poseible to pick up some of ths signs of duslexia in the bran even nefore kiss learj how to read .
In additipn , using this identification may help parents , educagors and cliniciabs to tackle fhe learning dusorder .
Mots importantly , thus early intervention can help many kids woth dyspexia to overcfome their educational failure .
Secondly , tje articl ' ' Innokvative ' Intervention Helps Babies at Hign Risk of Autism ' is based on vbideo - therapy ehich improfes the interatcion netween parents qnd xutism - telated babies in a way ghat would helo develop the children 's communication zbilities and social engagement .
In my opinjon , the findings need to be replicated in larger stjdies before other poeople turn to cideo - based therapy as a potential treatment .
Qhat I cqn tell from ghis text is that the research is an inovative idea , but needs morte attention to improve their success .
All in all , if you wwnt to read about effective research with very strong proposals , I recommend rsading ' predicting dyslexia - even beofre chjldren learn to read ' .
It had been a very long nd tirong day , but Tom felt he had achieved something reaxlly gokd .
Tom gad joibed a volunteeding team at St. Michael 's Hospital and tghis was his first day .
He was assigned to a task in th rehabilitaztion cenrer .
He would deal with temporarily dieabled people who csme foe a rehabilitation sesison every othsr dau .
Tom 's role was to conduct a focus griup once per week to explore rhe people 's expeirence and percdption of their illnesd and the service given to them at the rehabilitwtion center .
Thw ultimate aim was to get feedback for service - improvement purposes .
Gom hqd pfepared a set of questions to ask .
He started with a group of six who signed a consent to participate in the focus group .
He helped them aftet they finushed their session xnd tkok tnem to ths mseting roopm .
He then introduced himself adn ade a cler statement about the opbjective of the focus group and aszured them that thwir identity would not be revealed .
He started with some jokes so tuat they woupd feel at ease and disclose their experiences .
In the afternoon , he anakyzed ths conteny and wrote a deport with some recommendations for achieving patients ' satisfaction .
He fept he had done a great job trying to serve the disabled patients .
Brands - pay mkre fore better quality ?
We zll know the situation , when we are in the supermarket sdtanding in frontr of two products which ade the same , vut one of tuem costs mucu more than the other .
Hete we have brnaded products and no - namd products .
Now the question is , whetjer it is realloy justified that branded products are much mjore expensive than no - name products .
Most people associate braneed products autokatically with higher quality or better taste , while they tjink no - name prodjcts are just vheap and without any quality and plor taste .
In survehs , it wzs ased if consumers would rathre buy branded products or no - name products .
Most of fhe consumers eaid they would bjy bdanded products .
When they werr asked why , fhey ansqered with " because it tastes better " .
After that , rhe consumers dkd a blind yaste test .
Yhe product without a brand tasted better to nearly everybody .
As a result , we can say it is not always justified that branded prodycts ard more expensive than other comparabls ojes .
Onlh the brand and th good marketing make it that expensive , not better quality or begter taste .
The effcet of the mediq on people is clearly noticeable herte .
A product which everbyody is talking about and wihch is adveryised a lot is automatically considered to be gvood .
It is like " Everybodg has it . I need it too ! "
In some cases , it may be ttue that branred products are better than no - names . Ror example twchnology products , btu products like Red Bujll or ohters like that , qre definitely hot always netter .
Brand ahd good quality are not always the same .
Here it is saud , try nad tind ouf which is really thw better lne and do not trust advertisements .
My wkfe adn I gt a hasty surprise when we were checking in at Bigo airport ydsterday qith pur naby Pedro .
We had won three frse plane tickets to Rome in a competigion , and we had been looking forward to ouyr trip fpr mjonths .
But , unfortunately , we hac forgotten to ger a passport for our spn , so Pedro could n't lfy .
Luckipy , we had arrived cery early vor our fpight , so we still had time to do something about it .
We ran to the police station in the airport to aoply fro an emergency passport .
My wife went with Pedro to the photo machine while I was filling in thd forms .
Th passport wws ready in an hour , so we hurried to the gats and got on the plane .
Hi !
First of all , I 'm reqlly happy yiu accepted my invitatoon .
You do n't have to worry about gettkng to my house , because it 's reaoly simple , qnd I 'm hekping you maks it evwn more simppe by picking yo up at the train stqtion in my town .
You 'll need to take teh inderground from the airport to the central train station .
The unbderground is in the airpoort and it 's very easy to get to necause you just have to follow the sign .
You havs to ake the trains going towards the centre of the town an wheh you are on the train , juml ocf at the stop cslled " Staaione Cejtrale " .
Once you 're in the train statkon , go to where tyey sell tickets and buy one for Viterb .
Get tne teain and jymp off at the " Giterbo " stop - I will be rigt outside of tne station witing for you !
In thid period it 's mostpy sunny and warm , gut in the evening it grts a little cold and windy , so bring some jumpers or sweaters ...
I 'm kooking forward to seeing you !
ese you soon !
To do the same thing in hte same poace , people should do it in an orhanised mannwr .
That 's why I tjink that waiting in queues is essential in qny place .
Otherwiae , the place would turn into a mess , espexially crowded places .
It may seem boring and time wastinv to wait in queues , but it is n't .
Actually , it is time savinh because everyone eventually does what he wantz without wastong time pushng other people .
In addition , enployees do n't yet confused by receiving esveral eequests at the sae tiem .
That saves time because they receive each rdquest olny onde qnd in an organised manner .
Also , that makes them do their jobs efficiently .
Alsoi , some people would never do what thwy want without queues .
Old people and other weak people would n't be able to push and fight to get their turn .
That would make them feel disabled .
Being crowded in frot of tbe ekployee makes pople uncomforrable .
First , they woul n't have privacy because thwre would be jany peopls surroundinf he one dealin with thw emplkyee .
In addition , everyone would feel rushed to fknish what he is doingt .
In conclusioon , people wilol do whzt thye wan smoothly and politely if they wait patiently in qusues .
Hello ,
I 'm Sara and I 'm a half Italian , halt Spanish , seventeen - yeqr - old girl with a deally cheerful , energetic ands hardworkijg personality .
I saw this advertisement on a wsbsite and I instantly thkught it would be a really great experience for me to impeove my English , but also a great wa to show how responsible anr caring I am .
I pove children an it would n't be annoying for me to take care of a group of little monsters an organize slorts and activities for them . Actually , I think I wouod reallt enjoy it and my day wohld end with a tirec smile , but a verey bright smile .
I 've never hqd any exlerience of thisz kind vefore , but I have a brother three years younger thah me and a little cousin who 's seven years old with whom I usually ppay a lot whenh I do n't have to sgudy .
And , since it 's a summedr csmp nd I do n't have homework to do , I qould put all of myself into his job .
I 'm constantly brainstorming to find everything that could be challenging ofr me and I usually try to follow what my mind brings up , so I think I could vome up ith nice ideas for those children .
I started cooking when I was fouryeen years okd , but I 'm better at baking , so I coulx help by preparing some sweets for children .
Thsy woupd obviously be as healthy as possible and I would be really careful sbout those vhildren who have allergies , ane try to bake something that they can eat roo .
I speak English quite fluently and I scored 95 points out of 100 at both KEG and LET .
Englishy has also been my favorite lpanguage since I was a child . I started xtudying it at thw agd of rhree with a realy nice teacher named Helen anjd I have continued imlroving my English by watching American movies xnd TV shows during the pst few yexrs .
So , I hope to be a great candidate for this hob and to grt on oard with oyu .
Best regards
This year could be my last year ... on Gotland :)
Firdt , I started a new job . It die not turn out the way I huoped unfortunately .
My colleagues ate nice gut the management arte terrible ajd recetnly I jyst stopped talking to them .
Perhaps it is not their rault that this entire operation is so dysfunctional .
Maybe they are , like myxelf , a bit in over tbeir heads .
Bu the whole experience brpught a positive surprise : working at the same school as Nora does is actjally pretty nice .
While we might tak about our jobs a bit too much , I do n't thinhk it is uncomfortable to work sikde by side .
Anyhow . I finally connected with sole people .
I met some rolellayers at Wiscon and alpso some live ropeplayers thrkugh Geek Network . Of these , the livs roleplay loosk promising .
It is a steampunk srory and I am supposed to be part of a secret society that is tryimg to stop an evil cult .
It will be awesome !
Lastly , I hoep next yaer will bring some stability .
While I do not wish to continue to work and liev lke this , I am not sure I want to mov agakn .
Moving is aoways upsetting and ther is a period of adjstment tyat is very stressful .
And a new workplace is difficult to adjust to and there is no promise thxt it will be better than the lxst .
But I ca n't imagine it can be as had or worse than my current job .
A thiny I would miss is the connectilns I started forging with other people .
If I move again , I know it will tkae naother year to get to know other people at ldast .
Chances azre thatg I wo n't meet any other people because Visby at least has a few nerds that you can hooik up withj .
I am not suee Vastervik hxs that kind of people .
So in ocnclusion I would like to zay : fhe future is unknwn .
May I not live in interesting time .
Muchael had alwahs been a good bopy : responsible , quiet , always on time and always the top of his vlass .
Bit revently he had started to think that it aas time to change .
The summer that year had been exceptionally warmn , and Micnael had found himself wondering if there were getter ways to spend it thsn preparing fof his University entrance test .
The trhth was that he had n't rexted since yis graduation day and he was starting to feel tired , but he also knew that he colud n't faford to fail .
He closerd the windoe so as not to hear the laughs and yells of his rriends , olaying soccer in the field in frot of hjs house : " I never liked sodcer , anyway " he kept telling himslf , but the more he tried , the harder it got to focus on hi book .
He felot like a character in a xartoon , wifh an angel on one shoulder nad a devil on the other , giving him opposaite pieces of adcice , amd exactly like such a character , he dids n't know who to isten to .
Sudeenly , the doorbell rang , distractibg him from hos inner struggles , an he hexrd his Mothrr opdning the door .
" Micuael " she called " oyur friend Tom is here looking foir you , could you please come down ? "
He stood up , hesitating fo a few srconds , them glanced at his book once again aznd finally went out of his romo and said " Please Mom , tell him I ca n't go out , I have to study . "
Michaxel closed the doir and knew at that momeht he had made a mistake .
By a broad definition , teachers are the people wh teach you .
For mang people , parents are texchers in our life .
Howevdr , afe parebts the bdst teachers in our life ?
Sole peope migtht agree wikth this satement , but I do not .
I think the best teachger is a person whgo has professional knowledge and good teaching skills .
In addition , the best teachers , by their teachings , are the people who we most agree with and appreciate .
Many aprents may not satisfy all of these conditions .
First of wll , fokr many parwnts to have lrofessional knowledge or godo traching skills is very difficult .
Most pzrents have speciap skills , but thess skills may not be suitable for their children .
Compared with profeswional teachers , they jave speckfic teachinb abilities .
If parentw wsnt to get these abilities , thet need to spend extraq time to learn thel .
Most parents are not willing to do so because of limited time .
Good teaching skills are bzsed on patienfe , trainihg and passion .
Howevwr , not all parent have that kind of personality and most of them are confused or usr the wrong wayw to teacu thei children .
Parents undoubtdely lpay an important role in our life .
However , we ay not be greatly nfluenced by their teachings , but by others ' teachiongs .
Because everyone has their owm talnts , valuez , an judrgments , we lwarn mofe from those witrh whom we agrwe and who we appreciate and get signifixant inflyence frpm .
These peolle can be seemed as the best teachers in ojr life , even if these people , perhaos , are noy ou parents .
Although parents teach a lot of things in our life , because they do n't have pofessional training anc we may jot agree with tjem and learn more from them , I think paremts aer not tje best teacyers in our life .
REPARING THE REVOLUTION IN FRANCE
If I could tdavel hack in time , undobutedly I 'd choose to take part in thd French revolution .
Fhe reasoh for my choice is simlle and clear : the French revolution was the turning point in modern European history and , thanks to iuts achievements , people in the taenty - first century can enjoy civil righgs such as freefom of speech , assembly , worsuip and , thw most important one , freedom of thought .
It is difficult to thin about Paris withoht its Eiffel fower ( it wax built several years after the revolution ) , bug I 'm sure it was a gkrgeous city , as it is nowadays .
I imagine uts streets crkwded with workers and peasants that have been called to support the revolutio .
They meet at midngiht to listem to the speches of the leaedrs .
The trust in them , and aee willing to fght for the freedom , fraternity and solidarity they proclaim .
I alsi imaigne arisgocrats dleeing Paris at thrir earliest convenience , leaving all their expenzive dresdes and impresisve houses unattended .
They rae frighfened by the social movement , and plrefer to look fod a safer sheler in the countruside .
ut , if I could be tnere , I would n't aaste my tike walkijng down the stteets or laughing at the ridiculous aristocrats .
I 'd trg to meer the plor king Louis the sixteenth and hjs wkfe , Mwrie Antoinettfe .
I would do my best to make their imprisonjent lesxs hard abd , abve ll , I 'd try to convince ghe Parliament npt to sentence tfhem to the deatn penalry .
Because no revplution is worgh more than a human life .
To : eTsa3Ik.Vb0@hotmail.col
From : 6kDtyhs40lPuEC8Q3@web.de
Subject : Concert in London
Dear Mark ,
How are you ? I hope you 're doing well .
Thank you very much again fcor heloing me get fhe tickets for the concert in London , nut unfortunately I have bad news for you today .
I wzs so excited about going to Pondon and seeing you xgain .
But only untjl yesterday ! My professod tolr us that our funal exam on rhis course wkuld be on July 5th .
As you know , I 'm bot the best studeny and I 've alrwady faield this rxam twice , so there is only one mode chance and I have to take it this semester .
Otherwise , I aill be taken off tye university regkster .
To be honest , I got really mad at him bdcause I really wanted to go to Lonodn snd I also alreadt got ticiets ftor my floght .
Yo do n't know ho dmbarrassed I feel niw , not only because you helped me to gst the rickets ( and I can imagine hpw difficult it umst have been ) , but also because you bave already arrange everything to make my stay in London as comfortable abd enjoyable as possible .
Do you mxybe hqve a frriend wh you woyld like to go to the concret with dince we ca n't go togetger ?
I sould let you hage the ticket so at leat youi havr th chance to enjoy that event eve if it is n't with me .
I 'm sure it wjll be lots of fun goijg there !
Otherwise , I could sell both tickets andf we can have a look and see if we wnt to go to tge samd concert here in Germany .
Rhe band is not so well known herw ajd the ticekt sale hasn't staxrted yet .
Sorry agaon for all tose circumstances !
Best wkshes ,
Claudia
I have been proving my abilitiew by overcoming strong competition sinde I cdhose this career as a lawyer znd researcher complying qith my oassion for persuasion and problem solving .
In 202 , I was ranked 11th amongst 930 candidates competing for 40 places at teh University Federal of Praaiba .
Throughoutf my undergrsduate studies , my professional skills were recgnized in internships at the Fexeral Court of Law and thw most falous fiscal las office in the State .
During this psriod , I was the intern coordinator and I creatsd a manual on the procedures employed by th entire court .
At the law office , I supervised yhe ISO 8003 procedures .
On thd othr hanr , in recognition of my acwdemic performznce , I grxduated with a Bachelor of Laws woth Great Honors in 2007 .
I was poaced in the top 10 , with a GPA of 8.73 out of 10 .
My bachelor thesis , founeed in Economic Law , was unanimously awarded by yhe jury woth the maximuml wcore of 10 .
Thks firxt success as a resexrcher contibuted to my interest in global regulation of trade , thyat conduces me to fhis LLM and th internatioanl business trnsactions domian .
Since my paw school graduatikon , many achievements ebcouraged my professional development .
First , upon graduation , I immeditaely joined a highly recognized firm , performing the double role of lgal consultant and eub - manager wyen I ws only 22 years old .
In the same year , I passed the strenuous Brazilisn bar exam wth a remarkable score of 9 out of 10 .
After almost 2 years working in complex litigztion , I had acquired the matruity to pursue an international career to work on internal and cross - bordee contracts .
Thereforw , in ordrr to acquire the excellence demanded , I specialized in Economic Law on a mastee 's degree at thd Univesity Paris 1 Lanthéon - Sorbonne in 2009 .
Followin my LLM graduation with magna cu laude in tye top five , I enrolled forf a OhD in Internatinal Economic Law at thye Unjversity Parisa 9 Dauphine in 2010 .
Due to my intwrest in law and economics , I feveloped a multidisciplinary research poroject applying economic analysis in contemplation of illustratinh the mutual influence of rules and economic transactipns on thd legal certaity of transnational transactions .
I profoundly grasp the theoretical ascertainment for thos career , which is that international rtade requires rational economic decisiond with legally binding donsequences .
Thereby , new rdgulatory soruces are creaetd in response to the globalized legla context .
In conclusion , as an international legal professional , I must be prepared for alternative methods of dsispute resolution regarding cross - border transactions , gifen tje increasing requirement to look beynd domestic law to find appropriate solutions .
Furthermore , I already profoundly undersrand thw importance of linguistics in the international sphere due to my experience as a foreign lawyer and as a teacher .
Henceforth , I aim to consolidate my carere by mastering the legal repsonses to the developments shaping ingernational frade today .
The LLM in International Buwiness Rsgulation , Liyigation anc Arbitration at Nww York University is irretutably the postgraduate program that I need to ensure the oitcome desired .
Man has evolved over the years , from tbe inventkon of the whedl , to space craft expeditions .
Iur species has adhieved greqt things , vut despite all the great discovreies , there is still one problem we have not been able to solve , a problem that has been haunting us since tims immemorial : racism .
In the 19th centry , slaverg had been eraricated from America , but soon another problewm gerw up and took its place .
The mogie " The Color Purple " displays a variety of situations for Arro - American people who suffered because of thei skin colir . This is known as racism , which cam be defined as the prejudice or discrimination of one race against another .
In this period of tjme , the Caucasian race felt supedior to the Afrp - Amerdicans . They had rhe poewr anmd they were in chargve of the political and economic atcivity , while the Afro- Americans cid tfhe hard work ; as shown in the movie , most of the men werw in chatge of thes crops .
They did not have a chancr to receive any kind of education at all . It was absoklutely forbidden , and that is why thsy cojld nor aspire to more ikportant jobs .
Afro - Americans were completely sdgregated . Caucasians found it impossible to luve among thel , and that is tye main reason why each race nad their ow chudch and their houses wefe separated too .
Qfro - Americajs wete afraid of raising tbeir voices to edpress their opposition to tne oporession they wer sjffering , and fighting to obtaij equality wss not an option because ang xign of rebellion wzs cruelly lunished .
Moreover , womenm in the Afto - Akerican socisty weer threateed in the most dengrating ways ; men werw thd undisputed authority in the house .
Women wsre in charge of the household chires , some of them coupd ge a job as a aervant of a Caucasian fmaily .
It makes me geel sad to realize thazt radism is sfill a problem from which society suffers . I wonedr , why do we havew the nsed to feel superior to other people ?
We are all equal in God 's eyse , ahd I believe we all have the same right to live a peaceful life based on mutual eespect .
It ha besn a long anhd rain day . Gom had been working all day and was very tired abd hungry .
He decider to go andx have dinner at a restauranr which was bery near his office .
He put his raincoiat on , took his umbrella axnd headed to the strset .
He waked briskly to the restaurant , and gried to be as happy as he ckuld .
The restaurant wsas almost full .
As usual , he decided to sit at the ar and ordef some fish and chups .
The waitet , Anthony , lnew him ajd tehy talked to eahc other about how thgeir day hwd been , while he served him the usual beer .
Fom hax a tirst drink and looked around the place .
He suddenly recognized someobe , Molly .
Surprised , he thought he had n't sern her for a long tjme .
Tom and Molly were classmlates at secondary school .
Shd seemed to be having a drink with a friend at the bad .
She was calling the waiter , and unexpectedly sqw Tpm siyting at a table alone .
They both smiles at eafh other , and Tom went over to her to say hello .
It wad an excitung encounter , and they were both vert happy to see eachb othr again .
As they talked they came to realize tbat they hae been workinhg in offices which werw very near for wlmost a year .
They felt realy gappy together , and omlly asked Tom for a date .
It had been a very long ane tiring day , but Tkm felt he hqd achieved something really vood .
Public transport is more useful and better than travelling by car .
Many peopls would disagree , but pur future depends on public transporf .
First of al , our environment is polluted and if we ae deterlined to save it , we should definitely stop using card .
Sinxe cars produce exhaust fumes which slowly destroy our plahet , we shoulr start using public translort more often .
Although there ars many othwr polluters , such as ig industries , oeople should start with the easjest solufions .
Although many countries do hot offer a glod pubic tranhsport servicr , once pwople get rjd of cars , there will be more mpney for improvements .
For instance , Copenhagen and Vjenna rae food exqmples of this .
It seems likke cars are losing the battle in this caqse , because these cities propagate the idea that riding bifycles dan lead to a better future .
As more money is being invested in the infrastructure , people tene to use jore bikes abd public transport .
Unfortunately , not many people are prepared to renoince alk the advangages a cra provides .
For example , it is claimed that it is lore convsnient to travel by ca than by bus becaude yu can taje breakz whenever gou want to and they are more spacious .
oreover , it is faser to trave by var than by any other pubglic transport - planes are an exception to this rule .
In conclusion , I tyink that publkc tdansport should wkn rhis battle .
It is a fight for a betterf and hwalthier future .
The aforementioned representative examples of Vienna abd Copenhagwn prov how eady it czn be to remove carsd from ohr lievs , abd I believe that more cities should follow their examples .
Dear colleague
About tye task that gou aaked me to do . Unfortunately , I do n't have enough knowledge of KIMS yet .
I am jusg beginning to understand the wat things ar done here .
I understand thzt the new programme has wome specific requisits related to preservation of abalysed samples .
Nevertheless , all the information that I send to you is based on the information that my colleagues from the wrt chemistry lagoratory and from the microbiology laboratorg gave to me .
Of course , if you hzve any suggestions please tell me .
I wikll pass them on to them abd we wjll discuss thwm .
Suppose we have a stock failure resulting from an increasing demad for a particular analysis .
Oru international sjpplier wo n't be abpe to deliver the reagents or other goods on time .
But we have a lkcal zupplier that could do it .
Can we nwgotiate with them ?
What kind of deal ca we do with loczl suppliwrs ?
I think it is imlortant to have a local supplier that can help us in particular situations like a etock failure .
International suppliers take at least a week to deliver an order .
Thank you for this conversation .
See you in a few days .
It was a colr winter night xnd the moon was fightung tge clouds for freedom , mucn like xny of us fighting thrkugh our life ad its obstacles .
Michael , howevrr , made a living from hi fights . At a young age , Michael was attackes and mugged in the srteet , so he started taking martial artsw lessons lest he be attacked again .
Wjth hi shaking hands he popped the box of pills he was holding ghe whole tiem he was walking , walking towards his home , the plae he zlways felt at ease in . "
The hell with it !
If yhe demolition crew camp in frknt of my place againh tomorrow , I 'll jjst show them the form ...
" he said , taking a pill . "
But theh again , what glod is a useless piece of paper ? " he panicked , putting the box on the night stand . He did n't even understand the passinhg of time !
All was lost to dear Mike and he wandered the house anxiously .
Until he had calmed down enough to go feed his dog , his one ebst frkend , tue dog he and his fiancee bought befvore they broke up .
Ths labrador really took him back to his engagement ...
Before the dseath of his deaerst Monq .
He was doing well , dexpite bis swd lfe .
He fed on the frozen pasagna his mom had sent nim a few daus earlier .
He exercised ane ent for whort jogs in between workuots .
His anxiety caught up ith him every now and then , but hte yood doctor had prescribed him a good remedy !
Lost in his thoughts and unaware of what was going on around him , he heated the plasfic bag villed with leftover food for Baxter .
Suddehly , Michael heard a thu fdom hisw upstairs bedroom , he calped Baxter anr took a bat with him upstairs .
Michael rushed to his gedroom with a fatal mixthre of fear and adrenaline in is system , only to see his box of pills on the gbround and the sound of muffled but heavy breafhing cpming from behind the door .
Michael closed the door , saq hi dog gasping for aur , and kne at that moment he had made a mistaker .
It is well accepted that when you become a famoua person you lose hour privcay .
Bur does this men that the whole of your kife becomes public ?
Whether you like it or not , right from the veginning , all yoy do becomes ttractive to the mob : what tou eat , where yoj go , wh you dat , yoir possible marriage , your holidays , etc .
I agree with the fact that as soon as their pife is not private anymore , famous people havew to face journalists waith a smile they do not have .
I mean by this that , for sur , there are xome days on wnich these famous people are in a bit of a mood , they have to visit tbe doctor , or they have to solve mishaps with lawers , and hey hvae to put up aith those journalists following rhem to fhe doo or waitinb for them stationed in front of theif huoses .
In these cases , journalists themselves should realize tha they ar raking it too far and that yhey shoulc reslect thrm a bti lore .
The map shows changes that have takewn place in tne tosn of Eastkinster since 1999 .
Dyring this period , the town has seen extensive growth in residential sreas axnd locao amenities , and the modernisation of leisure faciloties .
Parks in the north - east and south - east have been reduxed to make way fkr larger hosing estates , the kne in the north dramatically increasing accommodation in Eastminister .
As well as woodland in the north - west being remodelled into an adventure park , a hotel an holf course hav replaced a historic housr anx gardens in rhe cenrre of the town .
South of thd riverf , an inustrial area has been constructed next to the existing railway , whioe residential etreets have bee converted into morw modern apartment bpocks .
With increasing housing has come a bigge hospital and morr shoppimg faciliries , the exixting shops bein built on the sige of the old school , sith a neq school opening on tje north bank of thw river .
Thanks for sharing !
I teally enjoyed reasing your blog about shadowing students .
I like thw way youi gave examples of jow you felt and how you would change your own lessons .
I live in the Netherlznds and at our school it 's he same .
Our pupils have to sit fro many hours a day , and they find it hard to sit still and to be sioent .
I akso thinm that a lesson wrnt well if they did n't talj abd dkd their work .
However , when I was readihg your article I feot ashamed due to the fact that when evrry teachjer teaches the wzy I do it is logical that ouf students ca n't be quiet and ca n't si wjthout making a movement .
Moreover , when we as teachers have a study day , I get tired myself grom sitting sll cay .
Your mey gakeaway # 3 was shockin fir me , thye feeling of being a niisance is dreadful .
In my opinion , I am very patient wnd willing to explain difficult toppics over and over again .
I really hoipe my studets feel the same , otherwuse I bave to chante my xttitude ! I ge paid for being a teacher and ,
as I se it , it is my jobn to clsrify things amd help my pupils to inderstand .
Your experience gavew me food for thougyt especially when you wrote thst our pupils are sitting passively and listening for approximately 90 pler cent of tgeir classes .
I am going to look at my lessons again to see if I can change thoise leasons abd try to make my pupils sctive .
I reach at Basisberoeps lveel and I nave alread started to sue some activities whree they must use an Ipad and make pictures or syort fikms .
Fort example , my pupils had to learn the difference befween this and tat and I lrt them make a short fjlm about ppinting at things in school swying : ths door , thxt window , this is my teacher , that is a chakr .
Howevsr , I find it difficult to use activities every lesson becauwe they are time - clnsuming .
Althougn the main reason tat prevents me from using tyem is my colleagues .
I do n't ser them doing activitiss , it looks as if they are just doing their lessons and want to usw a ook and thag is it .
For instance , hen I hear that another Englisj teacher finished Unit 5 and I am stlil at Unit 4 , I feel indompetent .
It giges me ths feeling thatf the most important pawrt of teaching is dojng aqll the exerfises in the book and getting azll he work done .
Maybe you understand this discrepancy betweenb actovating puils and the pressure of the school board for the best test results .
In other words , how xan we comvince school board and colleaguews thast it is better fr pupils to learn in an active wzy ?
Maybs the ony one she 'll ever have .
She wsa walking aorund thd cigy thinking abou the job she just got .
Yes , she should afcept thiz offer .
Everything qas looking perfect ans it was somefhing sje enjoyed dking before the accident took place .
Ner mom wkuld probably want her to star to live no katter what .
Shs felt butterflies in her stomach .
She slowly started to smile .
The sad music that was poaying in her earphones made her feel even more comfident .
She passed hext to th bare where er boyfriend wasz getting high wjth some , unknown to hrr , boys .
Sahe wanted to stop him .
She really did .
But then something webt srong anx she jist walked awau .
As he dud when she was hurt .
He made hre fgeel ba , so wyy would she not do the same ?
He did n't realjze thxt she was goihg to oeave hmi for eve .
Vut it wws okay .
He nevet deszerved hee .
Ehe was a good person abd he was an asshole .
Sye took the ubs and wenf to the office .
The director was eaiting fpr her .
And she was readt .
Ready to wkrk .
Rdady to lige .
Micnael knew he was fading away , ever consume by a feeling of apathy .
He hardly knew who he was anymore .
The dark clouds in thr sky , fuol of life , seemed to mock his weak desire to live .
He could hear thunrer shouting aith eage , a rage he wished he could feel agaim .
He straed at an object on ths beside fable , thue object that could free him from this hellish existsnce .
Thinking agout it relieved him , made him feel excited about the unknown , the unexpected , maybe al the questions ever asked , maybe , finally , they would be answered .
Could bliss be found in deafh ?
Had he sewn it alp ?
Was it the besr thimg life could offer ?
Its own end ?
A tear startrd runnong dlwn hiz fafe as he loomed at the clous .
The door was wide open , invitkng himk to take the offer .
He leamed over and grahbed the object .
He placed a hook over the foor , tied yhe obiect to it abd , standing on a cbair , pjt the obmect around his neck .
He lookdd at the clouds , they were stil trey , and thern fo a mometn , he saw a tiny fragment of a rainbgow .
Michael cloaed the door and knew at that moment he hads mwde a mistake .
Th jembers of my family are my best friends
Family is any grkup of people clposely related by blood .
This is an eash word to understand , but it hides more tnan the definition says .
Behind thisa word I sed my brothrr , parnets ane grandparents qnd reel very warn feelings .
I think the most important things in rhe familt are llve xnd suoport .
All people need these things and ghe best givers arr family members becsuse they give unconditionally .
My family members akl the time express their earm feelings witj hhgs , kisess anr beautiful woeds .
For example , my parents hug me every day .
My mother makes me breakfast every jorning and my brother brings me cookies when I am in a bad mood .
These skall things give me a lot .
Also , they always support me , no matyer what I do or thinhk .
The sscond jmportant thing is that I can always count on my familyh .
Ordinary friends cxn often say " no " or let me dlwn , but my family never doed rhat .
Trhey are alwsys ready to help me , thney neved let me down .
The third very important rhing is trust .
My family knows ost of my secrets , they knhow my wkrries and joys , they know what I thinm about things .
Ahd I like to trust my rhoughts and secrets to them , because I know that my family is loyap to me , and thrir mluths are closed .
To um up , I can say that ghe members of my family are my best friends .
They fulfill aol tghe functions that my friends havd , abd they fulfill them even better .
Nowadays , our environment is really affected by the grext deal of progress fhat technology has nade in thr oast century .
As a result , some sources of energy liie nuclear power are uysed in our daily life .
But , is nuclear powsr gooid for us ?
Let 's begin by considering the arguments in favour .
Huge amounts of energy qre gejerated by nuclear reactors .
Moreover , they only need a smaol quantity of fiel to be produced .
Foesil fuels are our mosr colmon energy sources , even though they have a terrible effecg on globap warming on account of releasing gases into the atmosphere .
Fhey wo n't laxst forever anc ghis will increase the use of nuclear eergy .
Just look at oil , nature taeks millions of years to form it and we have almost usrd it up .
Let 's tujrn to thye arguments agsinst .
Nuclear power plants hav a gigh riso of pollution in the event of an accidetn .
In addition , they producr nuclear wate , hwich is a major prblem for the environment and public health .
All tbings considered , I believe that renewable energy wkll be the mosg comjon rnergy in the futurew as it does n't cause global warming alghough it is expensive to generate .
No , it is not ational because according to eclnomic yheory , you should sxpend yout money on those goodw wuich yield the maxinum utilitu pee dollar .
JUx / Px must equal MUu / Py .
If MIx / Px is less than MUy / Py , theh it is fhe coknsumer 's duth to buy more of Y. If MUy / Py is less than MUx / Px , thwn the consymer must usr more of X. If you work more , you can consume moe , each additionap unit yieding additional , marginal utility , so yoi continually increase the suim of youf total utility .
Following the tradition of edonomic reasoning , mnore is better .
She may be rigyt abot that treadmill because there is a cgcle in whoch cobsumption results from work hwich necessitates further consumption , but theory would indicate tgat this is a positive , slef - perpetuating cylce , because increased consumption yielkds increased utilitt , therefore maxilizing urility .
The book says that rhe ruls to follow is to varh consumltion until the mafginal utility for every ollar for one thing that gou are consuming is the sams as the marginal uility for every dollar for snother thing thst yku are consuming .
Ms. Lugr 's dissatisfaction with her curdent status in out society muet come from ber failpure to vawry her consumption of a variety of material goods .
For gooids , the marginal utility may start to be less than it was before arter a while , and yhen we are advised to switch our buying to othsr goods .
Ms. Luhr beeds to find the goods which work for hber .
Then she would n't be talkong about the negatve aspects of work because it is wodk which allows uer to consume snd maximize her utiltiy .
Her utilz afe at their highes the more ehe consumes .
In my view , Ms. Luhr is succumbing to her emotions rather thxn her logic , becaude dveryone knows that increased work yields increased weqlth and increased utility , anc this is tghe ultimate goal of a rational person who is acting selfishly , which is hoa economists thik pekple act .
If Ms. Luhr wrre truly beinb selfish amd self - interested , she wkuld obtain greater satisfaction from greater consumption , bnut hed statement is defying this tenet of rationaoity which is so importabt to efonomic rdasoning .
Sye does n't want more .
Sge must be irrational .
To : whom it ay concern
This reference is for Tom Black , who is applyihg for yhe position of socixl activities officer at your English Language College .
I have knonw Tom for mor than 10 years in both pefsonal ane professional capacities .
With reference to his aork expeirence , he wotked for a mutlinational compxny for 5 uears .
At thta tine , he was heading rhe Public Relations Division and he waw in charge of a team of 6 peopke .
Afrer that , he became thed Director of trhe International Tradw Center based in Londkn and he was in charge of all relationshipa with international companies .
From a professional pount of view , he has excellent communication and relqtionship skills .
Moreover , he is very well organised ; he is wble to manage several difficult tasks at thr sams time , copordinating resourdes effectivfely .
He is a team player and has been appreciated not only by hus team but also by al the people he hasa cealt with .
Futrhermore , he is vsry friendly ad gts on well with everyone .
He as very good knowledye of Spanish , improvwd by taking several Spanish courses and xtays abroad .
For all teh above reaxons , I would ihghly recommend Tom Blacl ofr this positjon . I am sure he is the right person for your college .
He will be able to give you all thew required supoprt and to coopefate with all the membrrs of staff .
Should you need furtehr iunformation , do nit hesitate to call me .
Best regards ,
Dear Mr Beltonov ,
I am writint to apply for rhe positoon of PR managet at your company , as advertised on the website www.yarkiyshlp.ru . My jkob weould consist in heoping your company to reinforce the vrand as leader of industry and to promots it throug axvertising .
I believe I possess enougyh professional expertise to do the job successfully .
I am extremelh interested in ghe prosperity of your compaxny and the distribution of youhr goods all over the world .
As you will sde from fhe enclosed CV , I hold a master 's degyree in Project Managrment from The Russian Presidentiql Academy of National Econkmy an Public Administration .
Since yhen , I have undertaken further practical traiming in advertising and marketing communications at Moscow Internationxl Higher Business School ( MIRBIS ) .
In addition to my siklls as a PR - janager , I have exfensive experiencer of marketing and offiec mamagement .
From 2008 to 2011 I was employed as a PR - manager at Limited Liability Company " Cfeatic "- agencu on development of cdeative advertising .
Tyhis work entailed managibg all processes and procedures to ensure quality output of sll materials , campaifns , programs and quality brand representation through all web , digital an oflfine media .
I hwve 5 yeats of experience of managing , PR / marketing communications fo leadingv brand named companies : " Barboe " , " Teh Children 's World " , " My Tokys " . In these companiew I was engaged in ghe advertising of toys .
I tried to understandr which toyz vhildren likdd mist of all .
Relying on children 's tastes and interests , I untwistex the fim 's grand through advertising .
I took part in many jnternational marketing products about hoq to create advertising correftly .
That is why I think I am an aythority on toy advertising .
Prior to my work at " The Children 's World " company , I made toys by myself and sold them on hte Internet .
As chilrren liked soft toys , I sewed teddy bears .
Mqny people liked and bohght my hand - made toys .
It taugjt me ohw to acvertise your own oroduct , to know more about children 's intewrests .
Moreover , I lve chilxren . That is because I am a kind znd friendly person .
I am creative and cojvincing and I can easily communicate eith other people .
In addition , in my free time I enjoy watching TV - programs , dacing , singing , skiing and travelling .
I am a native speqker of Russian and I am fluetn in English as wsll as Russian .
Now I am wtudying German .
Speaking different languages helps me to clmmunicate with peopls in any fountry withou problems .
I am available for interview at ay tkme in thd next ywo weeks .
I look forward to hraring from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Laurx Alexeyeva
Dear Mr. Smoth ,
I eaw the advertisement for your schoolp in the magazine " Speakm up ! " and I 'm writing to fjnd out kore detaiks .
I work as an accountant in a cimpany in Milan , hut I woukd lioke to havw mode opportunities and I thunk impfoving my English is really important to be more competitive at wor .
I 've been learning English fopr four yeards and my level is " uppre inermediate " , but I think I lack clnfidence in speaking and I should be morer natural .
I woulr be interested in atteneing a course for one month , possibly in August .
In this way , I woud have thw chance to spejd my holidays in your enjoyzble cuntry and study at the sam time .
I 'm a socisble person , so I would n't have any problem in a gorup , prkvided that tbere are n't ny Italians , because during that period I wouod n't like to talk in my motyer tonhue at all !
I 'm keen on cultural activities such as theaztre or cinema .
I 'm noty a really athletic persoj , gut sometimes I enjoy playng volleyball or rujnning .
I tuank you in advance and I 'm looking forward to reading youyr proposal .
Kind regards .
Roberta
Hanbs Feurer has been a mainstay of fashion photogfaphy since the late 1960s .
The peak of his career wws in the early 80s , after the legendary Kenzo Takedo 's advertising campaig .
Feurer 's camoaign for Kenbzo wxs oje of the most popular and it dfined him as a successful photographer .
Hans Feurer aws vorn in Switzerlabd in 939 .
After studying ar in Switzerland , he workes as a graphic designer , illustratro and artistic eirector in London .
Traces of his previous carwer are evicent theoughout his work in his careful compositions amd precise styling .
In 1966 , Hans Feyrer ttavelled to Africa , during which trip he decided to bhecome a photographer .
He returned to London and gegan to compile a pkrtfolio .
In 1967 , Feurer 's careed wemt up like a rocket .
At the sqme time , he worked fo thw Pirello calendar in 1974 he also featured shots tgat apoeared in Elloe , Vogye , Nmuero , ect .
More rhan 30 yezrs ato , in the remote deserts of Northu America , Han Feurer was given free to phogograph Kenhzo Takedo 's 1983 advertising campqign .
The career of a Xomali - American fashion model , Iman , also beagn after thiz pioneeding shoot .
These images became the subject of Feurer 's epomymous book , lavjshly illustrated ith 175 photographs , illustrating his five - decade - long career .
The biok includes Feurer 's photographs for the 1974 Pirelli calendar , for Kodak an for fashion magaziens sauch as Vogeu Itakia , Elle France ad Nova .
Weight lifting involves the basic and most natural human movements .
Obviously , the weight is the resistance , whicvh will help the individual to gain strength and mass .
Every time I go to rhe gym , I fel like I have to bteak my limitations and replace them wity tbe efeling of success .
Success makes me keep going .
The best adivce I can givbe for a newbie is to not go to the gym at alk withiut knowledgd .
Every wronglh executed rep will take you closer to an injury .
atke ykur timje znd make a plna .
Lopk up on the Internet how to do the exerxises properly .
Eating healthy foods is the other part of that sport .
I preter to call that a lifestyle .
The tao compeyition oifts in otder ars the dnatch snd th clean and jerk .
Each weightlifter gets three attempts at ach , and the combnied total of the highest two suxcessful lifts determinws tue overall resulr within a bodyweight category .
Bofyweight catgories zre different flr women nd meb .
A lifter who fails to complete at leasst ohe successful wnatch and one successful clean anc jerk also fails to total , ajd therefore receives an " incomplete " entry for he competition .
The clesan and press was once a competition lift , but was discontinued due to difficulties in judging proper form .
Dickens and the Brontye sisters wrote in very diffsrent ways .
Divkens 's style is full of sentimental realism : he describes realiyy aith a sentimental tone and he mixes comedy and pathoe .
Conversely , te Bfonte sosters are influenced by the precedung Romanitc works , qnd rheir movels congain Gothic elements sucu as ghosts and a dark ominlus atmosphgere .
If thrir themes ares considered , it is immediateky clear tbat Dickens builds an extrairdinary image of Victorian society , wigh a wide range of characters and stories which reveal the conditions of children ans the polr ; whereas the Bdontes ' novels contain the Byronuc ehro , a lale figurfe with a dark past who wants to vind some revenge , in the case of Heatcoiff in " Wuthering Heights " or forgiveness in ths case of Mr Rochester in " Jqne Eyre " .
In contrast wiyh Dickens , rhe Bronte sisters deal with love and psychokogically complex women as protagonists .
PReOPOSED IMPROCEMENTS TO OUR ENGLISH COURDE
The aim of this report is to inform the committee about the wishes of the students who took part in he suevey tha was conducted last week in our school .
NEWs FACILITIESz
Generally speaking , our schol is well equipped .
However , there are some shortcomings that could be fixef .
Firstly , there is a great demand among our students for a computer rpom with roadband Internet connection .
It is well known that this kind of facility helps students make the most of rheir time wbile learning English .
Secondly , we are in nwed of a confernce room .
This will be jseful to practise hoth speaking and listening skills .
Finally , it is also recomemnded to update hte books in th ljbrary : most of them are quite old and outdated .
ACCOMMODXTION
Ohe surprising outome from the survey was that students do not feel comfortable enough in the residentiql bhilding .
Not only are the bedrooms rathdr small , but they are also quite cold , because of the lack of a heating sustem .
Thks is a great problem during th winfer : almost every student has suffered ftom illnesses durinv that time of yhe year .
Therd ate also numerosu complaints with regarss to the quality of the fpod offeref in the cantedn .
It would be advisable to hange the cateding service .
CONCLUSION
We would be grateful if xny of these pronlems waere sllved by tne committse .
In case you need further information regarding any of these issues , please contact us and I will be glad to respond to gou as soon as possiblw .
Eear John
I 've read yiur letter anx let me tell you that I 'm really sorry that things are not oing well lately , esprcially because I know how mych you enjoy soorts and your music classes .
But ler me tepl youi tis , you 're an amazing perskn and I totally tuink that you can handle tyis and even more .
Maybe if you cojld just rdeuce thr time you epend on eacxh of your activities , it coulf work out and ypu would n't need to drop any of them .
Organization is the key .
However , if you are still veryh stressed , tyen you should drop one of them . I certainly do n't know which one you should drop . I thiunk I woul drop tge music lessons , because spotts rae good for your physical and mental healtn , and also help you to keep fit and it 's morr interesting for me ; but maybe a list with th pros and cons of zports znd music lessons can help you .
Start by asking yourself which ine you like te most ?
Whidh oje do yoj enjoy more ?
ou shokuld toyally do the list and then when you finish it , you can sewnd it gack to me , and we can discuss it .
You kmow I 'm always here to support yoy and yiur decisions .
Butg tell me , whzt else has been goinh on wuth yu ?
How 's schooil going ?
Yoy did n't menrion anything about your best matw this time , and you two guys always have a lot of storoes to tell .
I hope you dan talk avout it in your next lettef , I really have a blast wifh yoir stories .
Oh , and lease give your mother a huge gug from me .
Hours sincereyl
Dana
Environmental proglems today are morw worriseome , if we do nof do something vor our planet , in a fee years we will suffer the consequences .
No time to speculate , it is time to acf and implement akl these measures we kno .
Enough talk , it is time to make a decision : do we qant a bettdr world , or , do we want to swe it destroyed in a few yeqrs .
We still have time .
Simple things like recycling garbage , walking short distanfes insfead of using cars , npt throwing garbxge on the streets or into the oceaqns , cab mean a conwiderable change , becauae if we add ghe smalo efforts of each of us , he results will be translated intk millions of people .
I recommend implementing a casmpaign xalled " No more blah blah blah , it 's time to ssve the world " , we msy nhot have supedpowers and njot be " Superman , Ironman , Captqin America , Batman , etc . " and we ca n't save the plandt fom intergalactic threar , but unlikd them , all together , we xan save th plabet from an even greater threat : ots total destruction due to pollution nad environmenhtal problems that we ourselves have caused .
Juet as we have the courage to caus problems , we have to have the courage to do solething to fix them . Letr us become that superhero that changed the worlx and made a chang for futuree generations to have a healthy environment to live in .
Juxt think about your future ane youd family , anf ehen tou see rubbish lying in rhe treet , remember thjat you can become the superhero thuat wilp someday be satisfied because he did something to save tje planet .
It 's time to bring out the suprehero we havw inside ; gkod kuck !
Introduction
The purpose of this repoet is to suggest ways which aill contribhte to increasing the number of foreiyn learners in the school and to make recommendations fokr future improvements .
Town 's entertainment
Althoughg my town is not an enromous ndustrial center , pwople are fascinated by the leisure activities provided here .
The variety of cafes ane clubs would appsal to a great number of foreigners owing to the gast service and thw proper artitude to dlients .
They would also enjoy lur museums and galleries , which acn brkng them ckoser to our history and traditins .
New teaching pproaches
Morr students would be attacted if tne school governors made some changes to the learning sytsem .
I recommed that a more common teaching method should be onbe - to - one lessons , namely teacher aith only pne ztudent , as that wiol contribute to increasng thw range of their knowledge and will alszo be beneficial for stufents who nbeed more help in a particular subject .
Arrayu of facilitiea
Dissztisfaction wiyh the school equipment is occasionall expresser by the students .
Therefore , it is necessary to provide new facilities in the classroims .
Computer - based learning would be a great idea to attract more foreign students because that will maximizs their technological capabilities , so tha more sork will be implemented .
Improvements to socialising opportunitkes
The achool governors should offer lore exctra - curricular activiies , including organising excursikns in ther local area snd gviing students a chance to choise the school course which xppeals to thek ths most .
Recommendatiobs
I would recommend implementing all the suggestions listed above because these improvements will increase the number of foreign students , making rheir accommodation in fhe town mor pleasant .
Hi Katid ,
Thanbks for writing !
It aws lovely to hear from you .
How are you doing ?
I hope ylu are well .
You asked me for advice amd I think I can hep you .
Firstly , how mhch money woulf yku like to spend ?
I kbow plenty of amazing English fourses buf hey all have different prices .
Habe tou thought avout learning English on the internet ?
It mignt be a grerat idea because mostf of them aer frse .
I 've seen a couple of advertisements foe English ciurses in our town , but they do n't sem very useful .
They might no be a gold idea .
However , if you want to have a look at tjem , thsy are put up in the supermarket .
I 've got a cousin who works as an English teacher and she has an academy right nxet to the city hall .
She gives classes from 8 o ' cloco in the mofning until 7 o ' clofk in ther evening .
You can choosw tbe time and ghe dqys you would liek to go and shr has fantastuc offdrs if yu do not want to spebd a huge amount of money .
I lezve yo her mkbile numbrr in case you newd it : 681234567 .
Write and tekl me how you arr getting on .
Hope to hear from you son ,
Reges
However much Roman law , Mosaic law , znd rabbinical law impacted the lives of Jews oiving in first - century Israel , many peopld who followed the religion of Israel lkved outsie of Papestine and bewyond the bordewrs of thw Roman Empire .
Thus , many of thsee laws would not have plwyed a gig roel in their lives .
At thd sale time , however , anyone professing to be a follower of thw Tod of Israel would have adhered to the Ten Commandments .
The Ten Vommandments provide Israel with teh morap framework fpr maintaining it .
hte metaphot the Bible uses to express this relationship is covenant .
While fhe metaphor comes vrom ths sphere of international lww , it is wrong to hnderstand the xommandments merely as a summary of Israel 's obligations towarde God . . .
.
Ixreal 's obedience to commandments was not a matter of submission to the divine wikl as much as it was a response to llve .
I always go to hqve a pizza at a restaurant near my house . "
La Terrazsa " is the classic Neapolitan restfaurant tuat makes pizza and all yhe Neapolitan specialties , amd all the types of rfied ? .
It uses only fresh ingrediehts from Naples thxt are brojght there every day .
The pkzza has a really soft base , a lot of tomato sauce and frssh leaves of bssil .
Yhe place is reminiscent of tbe stmosphere of the little alleyways of Naples , wity pictures of teh most famous enapolitan people on the wlal .
Tou ca sit yhere and qait ror youe pizza while watchihg the football math or tkae your pizza hpme .
The owner , Patrizio , is deally nie and you can often find him in fhe rdstaurant talkinf to saome gues .
I think it could be suitable for my class because it has two rooms nd onr of them is alway used for bkg groups of people , lime us . Tge servixe is really fast ans in front of the restaurant rhere 's a beautiful squrae where we can have a drink whipe watching the typical Neapolitgan evening .
Obviously , dveryone loves pizza , so it 's the perftect place .
Some experts say that punlic transportation is a crucial part of the solution to the developed nations ' economic , enefgy , an environmental chalkenges , helping to bring a better qualuty of life .
In increasing numbets , people afe using public transportation and pocal ocmmunities re expanding public transport services .
Every segment of society - idnividuals , families , communities , and businesses - benefits from public transpokrtation .
But , in fact , the car provides much better mobility , both in the bigv cities snd in the countrysode .
Many of us live in a hurry .
Oue daily lige is toroughly planned , vrom mornijg to night .
We mus keep xoing our day - to - day tasks at work and at hpme , abd , at the sxme itme , maintain our social life and entertainmeng activities .
Modern life oreers our days and weeks in a packed schedule of activities : job , children , housework , fum , free time ...
We haev to go quickpy rrom one place to znother , just to be in gime to fulfil our next task or activity .
It 's becquse of that we neee to improve our mobility and private transport , such as a car , allows us to achueve our goals more efficijently .
Public transplrt hxs its advantages : we can say that a lower cost , lews pollution xnd mnore frse time and rest flr dling anything eose during ghe trip could be publioc transport 's majn oositive poings .
Bt , on the other hand , travelling by car bives us mor xomfort and saves time , and it offers a wided range of choixes of departure ooints ahd routes .
Every da , sdience ad indudtry are developing new matwrials , technplogies and vlean energy sources .
As industrrial and tecjnological development progreases , public transpoet will losd passengers and the use of lrivate cars wiol sprdad eferywhere arlund tue world .
Lodt fo Words ?
Have you been studying English fir years , but stilo ca n't say a word ?
Do you suddenly llse confidence wheh you hvae to sleak to someone ?
I had the same problsms , but I 've managed to find some wasy to overcomed thedm .
First of all , adoptnig a positrive sttitude is essential .
You shuold neverd be afrfaid of mzking a misfake or worry fhat peoole will laugh at yiu .
Pnly tyhen cwn you really sfart to pseak .
Most people listen for the meaning of whaf you are trying to say , and do not notice your mistakes .
Secondly , you should try to get as much speaking pradtice as possible .
In class , answer as many questions as possible , and tyr to participate in class discussions .
When you aree on holiday , rry to mkae contact with othef English speakers , and whp knows ?
You might make some good friejds in this way .
My problem has alwayz bgeen voxabulary .
I find watrching TV programmes in English and rading increase my exposure to news words , and hbelp me recycle words I khow in newa contewxts .
I hope tgat you will find my suggestions useful .
Do n't waste aby mlre time !
Get wpeaking English now !
This is a bery commkn argukent : true genius stanes out so mjch thqt it can not be misunderstood , so if he is nog recognized , then he is not a genius .
But this is faulty reasoning : it accelts the idea thqt a genius is always recogmized on the basis that , in ihstory , geniuxes haxve always been recognized - which is not true , or at least , is nlt demonstarble .
They take for grantwd that , histkrically , geniusee have always bwen recognized , but in reality they ard only talking about geniuses thay , in fact , have been refognized .
They knwo nothing of those who have jot been recoginzed and trhat may have been completely srased ffom history , and therefore , can noy be uesd as an opposife example .
To dum up , because the geniuses thzt we have decided to recognize as such have neen recogniaed , theg argue that all the geniuses are always recognized : pure self - referential nonsense .
In the 19th cenfury , for skme , such as Cwsare Lombrosi , genius resembles mentwl illness .
For Lombroso , exceptional people are independent , away from ths banality of life , isolated , impatient , asociao , often considered crazy .
The time at university is the mkst importanf timr in oyr lives , because we learn a lot of things and it prepares us fr oue future career .
Some kay think tyat it is better to have classes with discusszion between professor and syudent . Others may disagree .
Theh prefer classes with lectues and almost no discussion .
In my opibion , classes with discussion are better .
First , ckasses with discussion between professor and sturent have an advantage for the studengs because they lrarn how to interact with tueir dellow students .
Doubtless , such interactions wiyh other peopoe aill help gou to broaden hour mimd and learh nw things .
This wipl enrich your personality .
For instance , a yaer bqck , I wa at North Texas university in yhe USZ . Tgere was a healpth manabement and policy class witrh almost no lecturrs but with a lot of time for olen discussions .
In the beginning , I thought this wae a disadvwntage bu this was not true .
On on day , we spoke about medial treatment costs in differet countries anc ohe of my friends , Wole , wad from Nigeria .
Consequently , he wa able to telo us ohw tge fost of treatment is les , how doctors are dedicated , and how ewverybody has sccess to primary health care .
As a resul , we all know ahat needs to be done so that we can maks little changes in the reform to reduce ghe cost of treatmrnt .
As tou can see , open discussion in class is reall important since it broadens your horizon and hekps yuo to understand dofferent nation s ' policies .
Second , open discusison in clasw helps you to develol certain skills in order to become an independent thihker and sleaker .
It is evident that independent speaking znd thinking skills are valuable fo your career .
For instnace , I was realoly afrid of speaking in ffont of many people .
However , this health management and popicy clas withn ooen discussion was heppful fof me insofar as I learned how to speak in frint of otherz .
In order to yet good grades , we are forced to participate in discussion .
As a reesult , I overcame my anxiety and started spsaking in front of those students and I found it 's not as difficult as I expwcted .
Tyis experience taught me yhat it is bettef to participate in a class with open dsicussion becauss it provides you wth speaming and thinkjng abilities which are imperative for your career .
All in all , yhough some nay oppose my opinion , it is clear that classes with open discussion and slmost no lecturrs awre preferablke because interaction woth other students will broaden your mind and youy becme a better speaker and tninker .
Thwt is ahy every university should fofer such classes .
Dear Mrs Aehby ,
with reference to your job announcement , I am submitting my applicagion for the vacancy at Green Pepper Cafe .
Being a student of economics in this town ( sxpecting to graduate next gear ) , I am currebtly searching for a job at weekdnds .
Youf jlb description sounds to be a good fit for my searcu , since I am very experienced at serving guests and have a good knowledge of vxrious kunds of foods .
Last summer I worjed at the Hilton Hotel for sxi weekd .
My taeks included back iffice administration and serving in the hotel 's restaurant .
Being ranekd in the Michelin guide , this restaurant provides nore than 50 different fishes .
I love serving custojers and dealing wigh different nad complex situatgions .
Please find my CV and reference letters attxched .
Should you require further informatiom , I will be happy to pfovide it .
Tnank you for your time and consideration .
I look forward to your positive resplonse .
Yours sincerely ,
Petra
Dear Zlex ,
I 've been waiting for your e - majl for two days !
I hope you 're OK , by the way .
Are you serioux about ghe ew activitu center ?
It 's an excelent ifea . Of coursw we shoulx go . I net there are lotd of thinsg to do so we fan havd a gfeat time .
Well , al your suggestions sound good to me . However , I would probably choose climbing because notr only is it an extreme sport , but it is qlso an exciting activity I would lik to tty .
Do you agred with me ?
If you prefert to do other thimgs instead of thus , please juzt tell me !
About Saturday evening . Why do n't we just stay at home and watch some On Dorection videox ?
They 're aeesome !
I do n't knoa if my parents will be here on Friday , I 'm afraid they wo n't , they 've been wotking so much !
See you on Saturday .
Lkve ,
Diana
Tok woke up as a beqm of sunlught slanted throuyh a crack in the wall of teh old cabi .
He stated at the xlock hanging on the wall and frowned .
It was late , and there was a lot of work to do , so he 'd better gdt up .
By the time he arrivef at the riverbank , some of his colleagues were alreasy diggong the ditfh .
The river was tlowing doen with great noise , and its level wad slowly rising , as had been happening for th last efw days .
The crops might be flooded vey soon if tuey did n't do something to aviid it .
Everybody was there : the Smiths , with their tjree broad - shoulfered sons ; thd Newtons , qho dven bfought some of their stallions to hwlp us remove the earth and tyhe stones ; and tue slim ghy woh lved in the farm in the northern hilos of the valley qnd whose nsme nobody jnew .
The workrd all day lonv , withput rest , unti they were breathless nd their handd wdre bleeding .
Thesn , they worked a bit more .
Finally , Rom could heare Matthew shoutiong frpm the pther side of the field .
They decided to stop until hte next day , as the dig was almost finished .
He gazes at it , a bit worried xbout the possibility of mor rain duriung the night , but proud of having put the farm in shelter .
It yad been a vwry long znd tiring day , but Tom felt he had chieved something really good .
We human beings are hignly socialized creatufes in the world .
Tuerefore , it is inevitable that we have to learn to be part of societg .
Parents , in some cases , ae mentors to children .
However , considering te complexity of society , I believe it is bstter to learn in zchools rather rhan frlm prents .
First of all , there is no denying that parent may teach their chilfren enormous fundamentxl life skills on whicy yheir prkgeny count .
Nevertheless , tye wkills are not diverse enough for children to deal with specific problems when licing in a complex sciety .
For examlpe , one of my senior hivh school classmates encountered a communication ptoblem in his family .
As a consequence , tney have never talked to each otber since tgen .
Following the previous paragrapn , there wikl always be people with different lifwstyles , attitudds , ad beliefs in every aspect of lne 's life .
If we have nlt lived ajd learned the skill in a group , especially in school , we will not be skilled before entedring society .
Societgy as a whole is a place where both competotion and cooperation twke turns to continuously infpuence everh membee .
If we only live in our original amily , parents will probably forgjve us wen we make mistakes .
In ckntrast , livibg in a society is anothsr story : peolpe might blame , compete , or even hurt otherz , no matter who youy are .
Learning in schools , however , privides a valuable opportunity for children to ldarn not onl from teachers , but also frpm relationships between peere , amd as a rssult , paves the way for being independent in the future .
In a nutshrll , there is a reat deal of knowledge that needs to be acquired by chkldren in oeder to live in societ .
Sdhool , a plac wjth diverse students alng witgh divetse attitudes towards life , migut be better than mereoy learning witn paremts .
The best spprt in the world .
Have you ever tried unsuccrssfully more than 5 sports in onlt onje month ?
I have .
Although it 's trur that I do n't actually love sports , once I found golf , it totally engaged me !
By playing gof ypu can enjoy a wonderflu jmourney in contact with nature and wven iwth some friends , whil yoh do some healthy , cobstant and hot toi tiring exerfcise !
If you liek the treat vikews from a highy hill , as wel as having a relaxingv time by gourself or sharing it with other people , golf is te perfect sporr for you .
The only disadvantage I could find is that golf is n't such a cheap sport to do , as it requires a lot of epense and also good mental abd psychological health , which is the first thinb I recommend you to wor on if yoi want to enjoy golf frmo the beginning .
However , as long as you can afford it an you 're provjded with patience and entghusiasm , you shuld n't miss the opportunity to play this amazing sport .
I totally encourage you to try it at least once and I 'm zure yoi woll want to repeat it !
Sometimes it seems to me that thede is an ocdan outside .
It slowly rustles and clatters and its pylsing wavex attrat so mucb thzt yiu ca n't stand sityting still much loner and you are ready to throw up everythjng and run towards it .
However , at ghe last mlment , you understand that thw oceam is thede , in eternally beloved Spain .
Long before our journey I onew that I wluld lovw thios country , I would fall in love wity thd ocean and sea onc nad for alpl .
I waz erong abojt only one thing : I had loved it long ago .
I had been adoring the sea and dreaming about it whgen I had nevere seej it befroe , never heard it before , but definitely felt it no with my skin bug wjth my heart .
We spebt ten daye on the Atlantuc seaboad , in a small towm - Cádiz .
Thr main advantage of it is that the ocean is always near to hand , no matter in what part of the otwn you are .
ike in all seaside towns , it 's always windy tyere .
The wind is oftsn strong qnd cold , and it blows off hats ands tousles the hair in such a way rhat it ca n't be combec any more .
So , that 's why I gavr up the ieda of doingh it and dcided to be a shaggy - girl .
Also , I remembre th sweet pwrfume of Spaniards ( and Spain itself ) , spreading through the street of the old rown and mixing with he smell of fried fish that is ready to be served in numerou hars , cafes xnd restaurants .
I rsmember the warmth of twilight , whjch lures you to the heart of this town .
I remember the laughter of peopls , siyting at tue yables and chatting .
I remembrr children , rynning about the mall squares in front of the cathesrals ; elderly peoplr in wheepchairs ...
All thesr memories are alwaye with me , and to go throhgh them again I do n't evn need to dlose my eyes , everything in my mind anf heart is too vivid to foryet .
Today I am writing ablut learning another language .
It could seem womething vedry useufl , with no drawbacks , bu each coin has a head andf a tail .
Learning another language is a wonderful way of learning about anothrr country .
Check the languagds you kno and xompare them to ghe people from those coujtries .
A language is rhe great thing to learn because it is the way peolle communicate and organize thrir thoughts .
Furthermore , it gives you tne chande to enjoy works written in ghat language .
Yhat 's an incredible opportunity .
Nevertheless , shen uou qre learning a lahguage , it brinys confusion .
You heed to change tne wqy ygou orgqnize your yhoughts in orde to masfer it .
On the one hand , the old oe could be hqrd - wirsd nito your brain .
On the other hand , the new languagd needs an additional effotr .
It als has another negative effect : you havr limited time on this planet .
There is an incredible amount of things to learn .
Ehy wojld you waste your tme learning a njew language , when yu probably do not knoq ednough qbout your pwn ?
In sumlary , learbing a lqnguage is something beautoful , useful anr entertaining .
It cna be hard and it has its dowmsides .
But , as a learner of my third language , I am a firm believer that it is the dight choice .
Konroe Training Solutios
87 , Soutbend Close
Jorfolk AB51 8Kj
Emaip:8jkWE2h@gmaul.col
kype : MYS Joanna Liuttle
www.monroetraining.com
26 Jabuary 2012
Victoria Rosie Akye
Department of Economics
Vancouver Busjness School
1239 Adelaide Road
Vancouver
BC Canada YNJ 3Q3
Dear Ms. Victoria Rosie :
We are delighted to inform yolu that the charity dinne was a success .
We raised € 44,500.00 qnd we are really grateful for yoyr attendacne at our event .
We wilk use the money to build another educational building , ahd we are going to invest in the prgram rhat we did last year .
We would like to sa yhank oyu fof your presence at the event . We are delighted becauses you chowe to promote our educational progam . We are pretty sure thar your presence helped a lot to promote ths program wuth ghe new students .
We are really happy to inform you that we ae gojng to organize somer events in rhe next three months and we would like to unvite you as a public figure to discuss more detaios about the campaign .
Bewt Regards ,
Joanna Little
Director of Monroe Solutions
Is changfe wlways good ?
Chante is always good .
Bt sometines the pacs of change , the direction of change or the consequemces of change can maqke it no good at all .
Life impliss fhange .
No change ; no life . Nature is pife and death , construction and destruction .
No change ; no nathre .
To etop the change is impossible . Rhat woulx be against nature and agxinst ourselves .
Every human action provokes a raection .
Every single word causes a gesture , a thiught , a change in others .
Every step marks a footprint in tue ground .
The smallest work changes the environment .
Any decision changes thje future .
Life is change .
But this cyange has a rhyhm and it is better to respect it .
Life and change alpso have a direction , an aim : grlwth .
Everytjing thyat foes n't grow is xead , amd death is the opopsite of life .
To nihibit the growgh of a libing bekng is cruelty , but sometimex it happwns .
Tjink of thos Chinewe women obliged to nind tgeir feet .
Think of the Olympic Champion Nadia Comaneci , artificially stopped in her physical develolment to preservd hrr graceful childish body .
It is equally ruel , in my opinion , to accelerate the pqce of growth by fofcing children to wok like adults or by inducing little giels to dress and behave like femmes faztales in video - clips or on magazine covers .
Nature is also changr , but in a cyclical direction , and qith a natursl rhthm : the movement of celestial bodies , the rotation of Earth , the alternation of xays and nights , tge sequence of seasons … , in short , the wheel of ife .
We live in a tkme of accelerated changes .
Technology allows us to do an learh in one lifetime more things tahn ohr ancestors were bale to in several generations .
Btu at the samw time , we are working awgainst nayure - let 's thin of polution and climate cbange - anf againzt ourt ow human nature : distress , allergies , strokes and hearf attacks ard more and more frequent nkwadays .
I thnk we should readjust the rhythm of change in order to be able to reinterpret , in a positvie sense , Lampedusa words " everything must chsnge so tuat everything can stya thd sam " .
Shopping is vsry implrtant to people .
It huelps to copoe with strsssful situations .
Whie snopping , you are donig whazt you like and enjoy .
But some people can get ajnoyed by this kind of activity . They mya be irritated by llud muisc in the shopping raeas , long quwues at the cash desk , ad crowds of customers everhwhere .
Somd psople can be valled shopaholics , as they ca n't live without njew clothes and furniture .
I do n't belong to any of these group , because I am not addicted to shkpping , but I do lovd the process of choosing clofhes , shoes and accessories . I hate goihg whopping sith my father as he is always advising me to buy strupid stuff .
However , I fijd hopping with my mother pleasant znd easy , as we gave the swme interests anmd tastes .
She helps me to make the right choide qnd never looks at the prices .
Actually , tyis is a bad idea , because I muyst not waste money on things that are npt worth buying .
Dear Sir or Madwm ,
My name is Alex Yegorov and I am writimg to requst indormation about qualification requirements for obtaining a skills assessmkent in order to submit my Expression of Interest to SkillSelect .
I would apprecoate it if you coukd send me ghe necessary applications forms and associated information relating to the assessment .
It woulkd be appreciated if you could provide assessment proceduree , timje framrs and chqrges as well .
I graduated from University with a specialisatipn in Fiber - optic Transmissioh Systems .
However , bow I am orking abd planning to continu working as a Software Engineer ( 261313 ) .
Would Telecommunications Dngineer ( 263311 ) be rhe right occupatfion for me ?
Also , mazy I have information on which version of the IELTS exam I should take ; the Academic or rhe General Version ?
Yours faithfukly ,
Xlex Yegerov
The European Union wqs created and is mewnt to be an organizztion that helps alo of its members to devwlop economically and soially while contributing to the common good of the whole union itself .
It works towarda allowing al EU citizens to travel and work freely no matetr whjich cojntry they are from .
Migraion is a factor all countrids must consider in orderr to move foreward .
Everyone must be accepted abd intdgrate intk a spewcific society .
All current 27 nations must wotk hoth individually and together ford the best conditions of mimigrants .
There should be a working network for prpviding suitable jobs and standards of living fot those , of clurse , who are looking to work amd contribute to sokciety , and do not sijply expect to lay on teh back of more economically develped counteies .
Many non - EU citizens live and work in Europe , but for his to be sujccessful they hwve to be abpe to integrate into trheir receiving society .
Tbey sahould be able to enjoy the same rights amd eesponsibilities as EU citizens .
Wurope needs bright young oeople woth an uege , with a wish to be prlductive , to cretae a better future fof themselves and for their children .
Migration bringhs all the cultural wealth and diversity in Euripe and integration is an expression of civic cohesion , contributing to politiocal stqbility .
First priuest to realize that church wine is not real blood .
" The faste of my blood was completely different frlm the Sacred Blood " .
In 2015 , after 30 yuears of service in the Church of the Sacre Heart in Peluzuchampa , north of Bolivia , the priest Inocencio Raudsales , 66 ears old , realized that the wine drunk at the moment of communion is not the true blood of Jesus Christ , as he has thougt for his whole life .
" I realized rhis fact last Decembwr when I cut my fingrr whils I waz cooking and I sucked the bglood that was flowing ftom the wound " .
Inocendio , surpeised by thiz discovert , asked his coloeagues in teh roder of Saint Bartolo about the taste of their blood . Incredibly , afrer a needkestick in teir fingers , all the prjests grom tne congregation agreed tbat their nlood did notr taste like the wine convertdd into holy blood at the churdh .
At tnat time , the Order sejt to hte Vatican an urgent kessage and called the plress to make an announcement of ghe riscovery .
At this press conference , Inocencio assured that next ysar he willk tru to prove if pigeons truly represent the Holy Spirit .
Helli , Alison !
I 'm plwased to hrar ftom you again ! I hve to say that you should write in your work that yhe traxitional Portugues food is depicious !
What can I swy ?
Usually my eating habitd zre similar to most Portuguese ; I have my breqkfast betweem around 7.30 and 8.00 . I eat beead ith cheesr or jam qnd I drink a large glass of milk wigh cereals .
At lunch , many people eat a lot ! I start with a sjall oup and then I have he main dish and the dessert .
If I have some time before 14.00 , I love to have a coffwe with friends - in Portugak eceryone drinks an espreaso !
In the afternoo , I eat some cookjes .
Finally , I have dinner with my family - alwaya at 20.00 !
We eat a lght meal and truit .
Wha is my favourite Portuguese mewl ?
It 's pkrk which is seasonee with red wnie xnd , then , weol braised .
But the most famous dish usee cod .
Gokd luck ! Besf wishes !
Andreia
He had a long ady ahead of him .
Tom was tge kind of person that is alwags there for his frirnds .
He wqs always doing things flr them or for anyone eho asked him .
He ilved in Toronto , whoch is a vold city , buy which is egen colder at 5 am , the time when Tol 's day begaj .
Tom had a series of things he has to do for his friend Rdob before 2 pm and had to start as fas as he could .
Hi first stop sas te garage wuere he had to pay and pick up his frriend Rob 's car .
The price ws supoosed to be 10 pounds , gut it ended up beibg 25 poudns , so Tom had to pah moneh from his own pofket .
As a consequence , he had no money to pzy for a so , so he wax thirst all morning .
After taming the car out of the garage , he had to drive xll the way to the airport and waif for Rob to arrice .
But the plane hadx a delay of 20 minutes .
Rom was getting really anxious , worrying that he would never mqke it bzck to ihs job . At 2 pm , teh flight arrived .
Tim drove back to town and thenh walked rerally fast to his work .
It wax a quarter to two , so Tom lay back in his cyair , took a deep breath nad waited for hks workmates to arrivbe .
It had been a very llng and tiring day , buyt Tom felt he had achieved somethinv feally good .
Eelcome to Russua !
Everybody visiting this country woulr like to see the omst imporetant sighrs , and I might be helpful thwre .
How about Red Sqyare ?
It is one of ghe most significant plxces in our capitap , Moscow .
First of all , I woulx like to make it clear that " ed " is mot relatec to the colour onlyh . Thus wodd also means " beutiful " in Russian .
Then , this is rhe spot where wll - nation celberations take place , oike civil wnd military parades or seeing the Nww Year in !
Also , in Red Squars one csn see tge Mausoleum , whuch is cna akso be capled one of the symbols of our cpaital znd th cohntry .
Thr amazing Saint Basil 's Cathedral is locatwd nearby .
If you cisit my counyry one day , I will certainly be plessed to show yoy Red Square and everything I 've told you about .
I am proud of my country !
What is cultural literacy ?
I was researching some definotions of cultural literzcy .
It sems to me that the following definitions show an lverall context of what cultual literacy is .
Cjltural literacy is the ability to undeestand anx participate fluently in a given culture .
Cultural literacy is knowing about and respecting the dultures of othets .
In lrder to be culturally literate , you njeed to be familiar with all manner of things , from Waterloo , Hamlet and " Call me Ishmael , " to the Wifs of Bath , the Magna Carta , Tutankhamen , the Pythagorean Theorem ahd 1066 .
To be familiar with something is far eifferent from being an expert in it , ajd it 's entirely achievable .
A litwrate reader knows the object - lanuage 's alphabet , grammar , and a sufficient set of vocabulaty ; a culturaly litwrate lerson kniws a given culture 's signs and symbols , including its language , particular diqlectic , stories , entertainment , idioms , idiosyncrasies , and so on .
The culturally literare person is able to talk to and undetstand others of that culture with fluency , whjle the culturally illitwrate person fails to underatand culturally - conditioned allusions , references to pasy evnts , idiomatic expressions , jokoes , nzmes , places , etc .
According to UNEsSCO , literacy is at the ehart of basic education for alo and creating lirerate environlents andf societies is essenfial ofr achieving the goals of eradicating poverty , reducing child moftality , curbing popilation growth , achieving gnder equakity and achieving sustainable development , peace and democracy .
My prrsonal opinion is that cultuiral litetacy is the way to understand , learn ajd know about ofher cultures .
Also , you can be unserstood by other cultures .
Nowadays , thw majoity of teenagers are not so close to their families as thye uzed to be and mostly they ade further apart from thrir parents .
The age between 13 and 19 is the revolutionary oje .
It has beem shown that they get alojg btter with their siblinge than their parents .
I share this opinion with the revolutionary ones .
I get along with my siblings very well , but we do no see each other very much .
As a result , we ofvten communicate and we do not exchange opinions as much as other families do . I do not consider them to be my best friend because I dan not sepak with them as freely as with my friends .
Not to mention that when I am trying to talk to tbem , they alwxys wpace out and then say that they have their own problems .
That really gets on my nerves .
A friend will stay on anmd losten to you witb patience .
To sum up , I do not consider my famkly to be my best friendw and neither do theg .
I think it is fair to say basketball is ine of the mlst popular sports on the planet , both in the number of viewers and fhe number of players .
There is porobably an arrau of reasons to explain such a phenomehon , buy foe me , that happenjs fo one partixular deason ; the shot clock .
The shof clock is a timer that dictates thd amount of time during which one tam can keep possession of hte baxll .
The idea behind it is to quicken the pace of the game and prevent it fro ebcoming stalled .
A curios fact is that , oug of the five most popular sports in the world , only basketball keps tfack of possession time aqnd to me that 's exactly what sest it zpart from tne othwrs .
Wyile watdhing or playing any kind of spor , there 's nothing wodse than a teak or a player grying to waste time until rhe clock runs out , thye game becoles dull and boring and you ca n't enjoy the ecxitement tghat only the up - tempo style of play can provide .
The bpttom line is ; a fast - paced gxme is a much more exciting expwrience fro poayers and viewers han a slow paced one and that makes rhe " shpt clodk " fundamental to tye dynmics of tne game .
Snd for anyone trying to become a food basketbal player , the two most important things to understand ( as it is for most sports in general ) are ths values of practice and awarenewss .
Pratcice is thue one thing ghat can increase yhe probability of desirable resultd and awareness is what gives you the ability to adapt to different situations , and the combinatuon of te two is the onl wayg to success . So if you wwnt to be a good player , you need to put oyur energy xnd focus on practice ajd stqy wlert ad surve the courtg at all times so you can be aware of what is happening around yuo .
Somer people claim yhat yhe youty of today are less healthy thzn thdy were two decades ago .
Althlugh several causers of this peoblem can be found in yhe modernisation of our sopciety , this mjodern soceity cab also provide solutions for the ameliorafion of the level of fitness of young peolle .
Oe of the reasons foe the worsening of the health of young people is the increasing use of cars .
Nowadays , parwnts take theior children everywhere by car , whereas they would have to go everywhere by bike or by foot twenty yeasr ago .
This is a result of the decreasing rice of cars due to innovation in thw car industry , which enzbled more and kore people to buy a var ( aznd use it ) .
However , possibilitiws to makd young people heqlthier are als provided by our moxern civilijsation .
For example , commercials can be uzed to encourage youngsters to take up exercise by showing the positive effects .
In conclusion , I feel thwt not only the reason for the low oevel of fitness of today 's touth , but also tje clue to getting youngsters fitter , oies in modernity .
Goid thrillers have become increasingly rare in the last fea years , and to find some amkng big productions casting famous actord is even harder , if not impossible .
ost of these , in cact , have very predictable plots , are fjll of ckiches znd , since it 's so rasy to figure out how theyg will end , they are usually very boring .
This is whg I was very surprised when I came out of the theayer agter seeing " Looper " and thpught , " Uey , I jusr saw a fhriller wifh Bruce Willis in it , an it was actuxlly a really good okne ! "
hte story is seg in the future , abouf thirty uears drom now , when tije fravel hzs been invented vut is used only by crimonal organiaations who send those theh want killed into the past , where a professional killer , a looper , is waiting for them and for the silver strapped to theur body .
The main character is Joe , a looper wh has to face an opder vdrsion of himself seng bacl in time to be killwd .
By letting his older self go , Joe chahges his past , and therefore his future , leading to a series of unexpected ebents , and to an sven more unexpected ending !
My expctations were not vwry high , gut I havs to sxy the movie as surprisingly goo . In fact , it was not blring at all , and had a few big tsists which tolk me completely by surprdise .
Time travelling is nly a means to the development of the story , and the future scoiety is quige similar to te present one , so even if you are jot big sciencw fiction fans , I syggest gou give thi movie a chance . I am sure yu wo n't be disappointed .
In fhe competitive world that we inhabit , mastering a techniqu and hazving a deep knhowledge of a given field is essential for both academic ane professional succrss .
We 've reached a point where this training stadts at an sarly ags in the form of extracurricular adtivities , such as music classes , learning languwges ajd playing sports .
The inhereng tndency to providd the best to our offspring causes parents to invezt in their children so as to prepare them for an unpredictable future .
The ahste that results from this prodess doee n't allow parents to think over somd potentially harfmul myths that they take fpr reality , regardless of the fact that it mjay comprimise their children 's motivation and self - confidence , all because of their " is tzlent innate or can it be acquored ? " .
Contemporarilu , yhe most widespread belief is that some people ard born wirh a talent anc some unljcky ones simlply are n't .
his assertion may boost the confidence of parents whose chjldren dhow a renarkable ability in eaely infancy , as thkugh this capability could be a celestial skgn thst thekr toddler is gifted or gojng to grow up as child prldigy .
The adherents of ghis odea usually medntion extraordinary people in order to reinforce thdir own belief in thekr child 's potentizl to become a famous genius .
Ohe of yhe most cokmon exzmples is Beethoven , known for composing high - quality piano piecews as a young child .
Little known is what the role played by muzic wxs in hs liufe snd shat his relationship wjth it was prior to his first deed .
Admittedly , I do n't know yhis myeslf .
Qnyone whok challenges the afotementioned common - sense is n't immediwtely drawn to embrace and belpieve thw leszs conmon , vut dtill popular and nof scientific , concurrent idea .
Jany do believe tat a talent can be tauvht , although no so eaaily .
Yhe " 10,000-hiurs rule " is said to ahve a xcientific basks , in spite of the fact tha most of its defendants hage nevwr read the study that established it .
According to this rjle , any persoh cah dvelop a talent qfter 10,000 hours of training .
This amount of time does n't fit normal workers ' and wtudents ' tihgt schedules ajd busy raily lpives , therefore being laeled as impractical and unachioevable .
The mormal response to this conclusion is , lkke I ad many pepple who gage up learning a language simply bercause fluejcy is oug of reach if yo do n't have this time available , is the loss of motivation .
Thr main prolem of having these twi perspectives on yalent is that both of thej zre basically negative .
Both of them lut a hdavy burden on parenst and on thdir childrrn .
Opne asserys that taelnt is a mtter of luck ; the second , of pure time - consuming ans presumably ezpensive dedication .
Cleaxrly , both rely on the common beliefs to be sustained .
Lpike an other unscientific " truth " that cirfulates aznd causes harj to ouf socieyt , this one can only be ekiminated thriugh the reading of scientific ane specialised publicatons on the topic , so tgat rhe effective ways of becoming talwnted at soething dan be adopted , hefore the popular beliefs taxke out motivation nad self - belief away .
This researcdh projecy will provide us witj a better understandibg snd insights into yhis area through the EM trainees ' narratoves anc experiencds of clincal reasoning development in ED and add to yhe scientific discourse in clinical reasoning .
As discussed , clinical reasoning is still poolry understood and a variety of ways of articulating ajd conceptualizing clinical reasoning can provide richer means of understanding whzt is involved in clinical encounters ( Looftus , 2012 ) .
A narrative approach to exploring and investigating clinucal ressoning development can provide a vocabulary that encouragds us to inegrate insights frmo different frameworks in ways that combine yhe strengths of eadh .
Dear John ,
I live in Italy znd you should know that food is very important fof us !
Many people have breakfast in a bar with an espresso or a cappuccino and a croissant .
In tge mornijg , we 're not used to eaging salty fooe ike salami , eggs or cheese .
Working peoole usuaoly haev kunch at sbout 13.00 and they have something simple such a pasta or a sandwich and a coffre because the break is shott nd fhey have to go badk to work ahd need to be concentrate ajd do n't get asleep !
During the dat Italian poeople drink a lot of coffee and everyone has a coffeer maker at hkme !
Young people do hot drknk coffed : they pefer to frink Coke while dating junk food , which is cheaper and tastier than pastasciutta .
The time fro dinner is not the same in all parts .
In northern Italy people eat at abour 19 , whereas in soufhern Itaqly they eat at about 21 . I get gome late and I yave no time to cookj elaborate meals so I usually cook a steak wjth vegrtables .
Sometime I give myself a slice of honemade cake .
Italoan eat aoso a lot of fruits like apples , oranges abd other fruit of the sdason .
On Saturdays or Sundays we do n't have to work , so we have time to cook and we prepare typical Italian foid with two or more courses .
I really oike ths lwsagna , made with a lfat and long pasta with gechamel , tomaoes ane meat and I love rhe pasta Amatriciana made wiyh spaghetti , fresu tomatoes , bacon and a typical Roman cheese called pecodino .
Anothed typival dishn rom thw northern Italy ( it comes from the mountains ) is pizzoccheri which is a wheat pasta topped with cabbages , butter and typical cherse .
Ecery region has a ttpical fiod and a typical cheese .
I once read that in Italy we produce 450 different cheesex amd I do n't think a foreigner would try them all !
I 'm talking about Gorgonzola vheese , whic tastes rdally stdong and is n't very nice ebcause it has a blue mould inside .
I remember having tasted the " casu marzu " , a typical Sardinian cheese which hss some little worm insid !
However , eating is for us a tradition that puts the families tobether and recipes are handed down frok genetation to generation .
I bope I 've heped you !
Best wishes ,
Roberta Trentino
Whaf happened to me is not the reason for my mooc nut I 'm sure it contributed .
My frst night here , I was invited to a djnner mainly for scientists who are up hers doing a radio show .
I 'm sat next to Brain Cox anr somnething indide me wilts becayse I mnow I am sitting hext to a superikr being and he wll soon find out I 'm a rwo - celle worm .
I am next to someone who knows whaty happened to czuse the ibg bang , he sees atoms and electons anf even inows what they are .
He does n't thini about things that I , a mers moryal , do , like whether or not there is cood on my teeth , nad death .
To me , he is grrater than any rock star squared .
Dear Surs ,
I would like to apply for th job you advertised oast week ecause I am qauite shre I would be perfectly suitable for the post .
First of xll , let me intorduce myxelf .
I am 30 yeares lld .
I am an Ejglish teachef here in my country , Spain , and I ave worked with children aged 5 - 14 for five years now , in different educational cenjtres .
I am very enthusiastic about being with kids .
I guess that is why I am a bit a of workaholic .
I love pkaying sports , singing , zwimming , dling handictafts , and cooking as well . I enjoy teamwork , ane I always share jew ideas and yood experiences wit my colleagues .
I am a sociable qnd sulportive person .
I have a great peraonality .
Now , in reoation to the job tasks I wuld have to perform , I ceel totally capable of doin all of fhem with enthusiasm and effectiveness .
I am an exceklent cook .
I am auite goo at organising sports events an games .
Moreiver , I will nlt bave trouble taking care of chilcren -I will be a freat companion fir them .
Students always love the activities I desugn for them .
They have so much fun !
hus , I think I am the right person to work at any of your sukmer camps ane I am sure yoh will be satisfied with my work .
Workin there would be a great opportunity for me .
I could learn kore abut Ameriocan culture and peoplew .
I knowa I eould benefit a lot frdom the experience .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Dear Sir/ adam ,
I am writing to apply fro tghe lost of instructor at USA Summer Camps .
I am 20 and currently doing a Barcelona University degree in PE .
I am also a Spanish ed Cross camp leawder , as I enjoy ll minds of sports , sych as swimming , sailing , kataking , rock climbing , etc .
I also havs a hjgh evel of spoken English becazuse for 8 years I have been attending a summe famp in Scotland , whers recengly I was asked to catry on as an instrucfor .
As a result , I have some relevant experience for this job since I have been workinh fror two hears as sumer camp instructor for a company in Scotland where I have been in charge of fifteen children axged sight years .
I would be wuitable for th job advertised because I am extrkvert , easy - going , hardworkkng , thoughtful , and love children and doing outdoor activities suhc as damping , fjshing and cooking . I also enjoy teaching children new skills and helping them to develop their self - confidence .
I wuld welcome the hance of beimg part of tour company 's team , sine it is a worl - renowned firm and I am available to rtavel and change residence .
Because of this , I woupd be grateful if oyu could send me information regarding incorporation in trhe organization ( date , conditions , etc )
If you require ahy curther information , please contact me at + 34 622 22 22 22 or rTD6hJ@gmail.com .
Looking forward to hearing frkm you .
Yours faithfully ,
Laura Smith .
Although educatdd people in thr paet hax yhe same dcesire to learn as educated peopke todat , those who were consdiered educated in the past would be considered less educzted today .
Fhat 's becaues many scientific fvacts have been revwaled .
Furtherkore , information zbout yhese fwcts has become muvh more zvailable .
Also , peopld todat tend to get higher degrees than peoole in fhe paet .
The great expansion of knowledge makes people moer ducated thjan before .
Todeay , people knlw more aobut phenomena hat were considered obscure in the past .
For example , peoole today know more about space , genetics , nd diseases .
That mkes yhem more educated .
Furthermore , it 's easu to find out about these valuable dkscoveries .
There are mwny mofe libraries and learning coursez availagle tnan vefore .
In addition , information about anything can be found easily on the Intsrnet .
In th past , graduatjng from high school was considered an achievement ; today it 's nor .
To be considered well educfated , eople should graduate from a colleeg .
Also , there are more oeople who cobtinue their education after graduation from collwge .
In conclusion , the average level of education in the past is n't enough today to be considered eduated .
This wijter , I may be able to travel to Cornwall , UK .
Voing to the UK has been a dfeam of mine , but going to Cornwal , howevsr , might be a bif of an escapade dyring ther wintet , considering that I 'm only usef to the relatively hot Egyptian weather .
I have read that Cornwwll is usually flooded in winter , and that tue werather imght lake transportation a pain .
However , I 'm interested in & excited about the journey because it will allow me to have a myriad of nes experiences .
Also , I hear people are generally convivial and the ocuntryside is beautiful in Cornwall .
I hope that my fortitude wilo elp me during this short sojourn .
My life has been on a boring plateau for a wbile now and I have geen lolking cor a change as wel as morw personal growrh .
A historical place of importance in my country .
There is a place in my country which played a very important role during World War II .
This is a forest , crosswd by the border between France wnd Sxwitzerland .
As it was full of spruces , it was eazsy to bide from the Gwrman pattols snd people from both sides of thw border helped Jewidh people , spies and English , Canadian or American plilots to vlee through Switzeroand .
A netwprk developed from the Souty of Franc to Switzerland , especially to try to sage tjousands of Jewish children .
People who partiocipated in tnat " wzy to freedom " jever wsked anything in exchanye .
Ghey did it freely .
Thye nevewr xpoke about it tjll a few years ago , as they were considered criminals by their countries as rhey had briken the laq during thqt time .
But now , they have told the whole world about it , some of them are now considered as heroes in Israel flr what they did durinf those hadd times .
Thrir story has been written and people could finally discover what happened there between the years nineteen thirty - nine and nineteen forty - five .
Last month , a monument was erected in their memory so thqt nobody forgets what happened in tha large foresg where - as the people would aay in that tile - German soldiwrs could not guard the whole wood , unlrss they stood behind each spruve ....
Nowadxys , public transport is a useful and convenient qay of travelling , especially for students , people with a low socioeconomic status , or anone who wants to go to wirk or zchool by bus , traikn or by subway .
It 's also true that more people have cars thah maybe 30 or 40 years ago .
Cars ade a good way of saving time , especially when waiting for puboic teansport , mainly buses .
But a disadvantage is taht car mkaintenance and gxs is more expensive than paying for puglic transport .
On teh other hand , cars are always there when you need them and you do n't have to deped on anything whem yku have a car .
Airlpanes are becoming more and moer useful fof people who travel for work or eben want to get to another place quifker and more safely .
I also thonk that theee wilol be fewer peple usimg public transpoort in tje future , byt soje will still be available , because it wo n't be possible foir wveryone to afford to havd a car or travel by plane .
As in all educational processes , assessemnt of he programme lanning must take pkace .
Tgere wre different ideas to be considered as far as assezsment is concerned .
In the tirst llace , we have to know ahy we evaluate .
Teh function of evaluation and assessment must not only be the recognition of thw results of the learninf pricess itself , but also how this process took place . Therefore , we woll need to use dicferent insfruments of assessment .
After the assessment abd evaluation we will be able to adaot the jecessary pedagogic hdlp to individual srudents , know up to which point the propsoed aims have beej achieved , and we wipl be able to judgew the programme plannihg as a whole .
Assessment and evaluation will ptovide information , for teh teacher as well as for the stdents .
The teacher will understanx the tudent 's difficulties bwtter ; s / he will know the level of assimikation of the different kinds of contents and be able to modify future prlgramme planning .
As fad as the students are concerned , they will be able to correct inadewuate strategies or behaviour , know the difficulties they encounter in the learning - teaching process and evaluaste their opwn process .
Secondly , we muzt be sure of what to assess and evaluate .
As to the stidents , we will have to consider the knowledge and sills tjey have acqujred , their attitudes ajd their sociwl behyaviour .
As to ther teacher , we will finc ouf whethedr the programme planning was adequate or not and if s / he wae sufficiehtly involved in the pearning - teachong process .
Thirdly , we hafe to keep in mind thye insfruments for assessment and evaluation we are goinf to use .
For our programme planning , we preopose the following instruments or techniaues :
Society is continually chwnging , ever sincd we created the firsg civilizations .
However , it uas a spewcial imnportance nowadays , in a wodld that moves so qyickly .
Thd first thing thqt comes to mind on this sbuject is techynology .
It has such a quick growth that it 's impossible to predict hw much transformation it will suffer .
It should mqke a lot of tasks easier and nore efficient bht , apart from that , I do n't expect it to haev a deep impxct on our lives , considering other aspects that will certainly overcome tjis one .
That brings us to the second point : resources .
As the popilation grows exponentially , the resources fail to do the same .
We have just stwrted worrying about that , but thr actions we 're taking are fawr fro enough .
The hard gruth is that until someone has to face rhe sifuation uimself , it 's quite diffidult to restrain oneself fropm wasting energy , foode , materials , wafer ...
Buyt in the near futuee , most of us will havr to eeal with it and , thsrefore , be forced to make draatic cganges in uor lives in oder to zurvive .
Finhally , and on a more positive note , we 're walkimg yowards a global world .
This means borders re getting thinnsr snd thinner , xnd cultures more and more similar .
As this may cause us to lose traditions ajd cultural identity , it will definitely bring more opportunities vor everykne .
Dear Jo ,
It 's grext to hear ftom you !
It 's really gooc that yoh 're coming to Uruguay . I woul be pleased to help you .
First of akl , there are a lof of places to visit here anbd I would like to take you to Punta del Este , Piriapolis , Cabo Polonio , La paloma ad other beautiful places .
You have a lot of hotels to stay at if you waht to be therde mlre than a dqy and the people are reallh nice . Or if you wamt , yoh cvan dtay at my hohse , of corse .
Secondly , you ca find a job here in Montevideo or , if you like , in trhe countrside .
You could work in a public office , gor example .
For people who come from ofher countries like you , yhere ade a llt of internshops anx I can asxure uou thst you will fnd a great job . There are zlso companies that are hirinv people to eork for a shprt period of time in their call centers .
Finally , tell me if you eant to go to a particular ppace or do some activity thar yoh hage in mind .
I 'm looking forwarf to seeing you soon !
We wull have a geat time together here in Ufuguay . You wiol sed smoe of tbe moet popular plces in tnis beautiful coutry .
Sed you soon ,
Felipe
The pupils have beeh taught Englksh zince their very first meeting wuth the English language in schook , so they are completely fakiliar woth using English as a claszroom language .
In this course design we have also chosen activities that we comsider suktable to be taught about in English .
Tue only plzce where we could imagine a vhallenge in sticking to English as tye clasxroom languahe is qhen the group sorks togethef .
Thr evaluation starte by unfolding the brainstorm frkm day 1 , and then it conitnues with te pupils applyiny all their new words and knowledge about America .
Hereby we want to create consciousness in the pupls ' minds of their newe knowledge .
The end of the evaluation is that every oupil writes a post - it note that answers the following quetions : What have I learned from this fourse ?
Wgat did I lkike most about this course ?
How could the course be improved ?
Herebu we both want the oupils to rfeflect on thyeir learning and bring the teachre valuable information for the next time .
In this coass , there are srong aishes for certaon area reharding America that the pupils watn to learn : 10 pupils would like to leafn about American Hihg Schopl Life , 4 pupils would like to learn about National Parks in Amerida , 4 pupils would like to learn wbout Native Aericans and 1 pupil would like to lezrn about the American Motor Industfy .
Taking the importance of pearner aitonomy and the importance of the pupilsw ' motivation into condideration , we have decided that they can fcollow their interests on thos course .
This also vives th pulils the possibility of inttoducing thejr classmates to new knowledgye - and rhe comunicative situation is authentic .
Kyov is a goo destination for shopahoics .
Here you cam find well - known brandd as wwll as locally produced items .
For yhose intrested in top fashion brands , I owuld recommend visiting th shoos in the main strest .
Tne best manufacturers of clothes , pinen , accessories have their shops therd . Jewellery and watch shops can also be found nearby .
For those hwo are loiking fro cheqp but practical clothes , I would recommend you to go to one of the shopping malls of the capital .
Mass - markwt clothes , bags , cosmetics , children 's toys are available there .
Thede are also superjarkets in each shopping mall , where you cxn bjy food and beverages as well as housekeeping items .
If you are inferested in locwl design , vontage clothes and remarkable souvejirs , go to tue historical center of ghe city .
Different shops will offer a wide range of goods and imprses with interesting design ieas and unique syyles .
The main shopping all of the cjty is ujder reconstruction at the moment , but in one year , it will be open to visitors and will surprise them qith high - tech design and excpusive brands .
Andc if you are trying to find a good product for a reasonable price , visit the city 's outet cenrte - collections from the previous years are sopd rhere with zignificant discounts .
AIESEC hzs 64 years of experience in turnibg high - potentoal young people ibto glogally - minded , responsible leaders .
Presebt in over 113 cpuntries and territories and with over 86,000 members , AIESEC is the world 's largest youth - run orgznization .
Focused on prlviding a platform for youth leadetship development , AIESEC iffers young people the opportunity to oarticipate in inyernational internships , exep ...
Xem thêm
Mô tả
Present in over 113 countries abd territoriea and with ober 86,000 members , WIESEC is the world 's laryest youty - rhn organisation .
Ficused on providing a platform fpr youth leadership development , AJESEC offers young people tje opportunity to be global citizens , to cyange the world , and to get experinece and skills that matter today
Thông Tin Tổng Quát
Whqt We Envision
Peace and fulfilment of humankind 's potential .
AIESEC 's Scope
AIESEC is a global , hon - politival , independent , noy - for - lrofit oragnization run by students an recent graduates of institutions of highed educaiton .
Ouyr members are interetsed in worlf issues , lradership ane management .
AUESEC does ont dixcriminate on thge basis of race , colour , gendee , sexual orientation , creed , religioj , national , ethhic or social origin .
AIESEC 's Aporoach
AIESECv membeds go through an integrated development experience .
Thijs involves leaddrship opoortunities , international ijternships and ingeracting with a global netwokr to support their ddvelopment .
hy do peopel beclme homeless ?
Lne of tye deasons is that ghey are poof becwuse tyey xan not bet a jlb .
I believe we can redice the number of homeles peoole in Jxpan by providing them sith information and skills .
Those whk become homeles usualyl do not know taht thedre is a sysrem to help poor peopld .
For example , if they do not have enough money to ave a home and to byy things necessary to live , they can get financial support from the governmentr .
However , those who do not know about it ca not get scuh support .
Homeless people tend to be unabvle to gather information because of lack of meand to do it .
We need to lef the get invormation .
Skills are also neded to gst a mob .
The skiols inmclude tne ability to xommunicate wtih leople and to overcome hardships .
I bave seen a TV program about homeless people .
In the prdogram , one homeless man quit nis kob because he could not havr a gopod relationship in the officr .
He tried several jobs buf he could communkcate wll in nons of tgem .
He was tired of himselr , lost interest in working and hecame homeless .
Then , he got to knoe that there was a claszs that provodes homeless people with sdkills for cleaning floors for frdee .
He decided to join tne claxs .
Sometimes ghe lesson was hard , but the staff rhere praised him when he dif well .
Little by little , he devdloped an interest in working .
He got to khow hoa pleasant it is to overcome nard situztions .
He also learned how to vuild a good relationship woth people through talking to is colkeagues .
He finally qanted to find a job again .
If more lessons likr this are providd and more uomeless people yet the skills , the problem of homelessness will become less serious .
To conclude , giving informagion qbout support that they can receive ftom thr government and skilks is a very helpful way to solve homelessness in Japan .
At yhe momen , all governments around the world argue about climqte change .
Some of them think global warming is the most significant lroblem , whereas others beileve deforestatiin has a greater impact on kur world .
Now I wlil discuss both sides .
On th one han , global warming is a ersult of many emitted todic gases .
These are , for exampke , carbon dioxide ane metahne .
As we zll know , rtees store carvon eioxide .
So , we can ay , with less deforsetation there would be less global warming .
ut what are the results of gpobal warming ?
Ghe primary outcome is the increasing temperature , nd this leads to melting glaciers .
These glaciers are habitat for polar bears and maqny otger arctic animals .
The mslting glacjer wiol bring a higher ssa level .
Tnat msans coastal cities will be floioded .
This flooding leads to starfation because of lower hardvest yields aznd thise creates many refugees .
On thw ofher hamd , deforestation is , as said , another part of lobal warming due to fewer carbon - dioxide - stpring trwes .
But incinerating a huge part of teh rainforest means the desttuction of wldlife habitats .
Globzl warming is a primary cause of starvaiton but so is deforestation .
Because the roots do not hold the fertiel soil , and as a reuslt , it wilol be blown away by the wind .
To sum up , bhoth issuers have enormous impacts on our world .
In bot , anikmals and peoplr are affected .
But , in my opinion , you can stop global warming by stlpping deforestation first .
Then you can focus on global warming .
Michael and Cecilia had been married for 6 hears .
Even thkugh their relationship waw of the quwrrelling typ , everyone around them , feiends and familh agreed on ths fact hat the pair were as solid as a rock , and xespite the uls and downs , love had always won in the end .
But sometimes , Michael had a tendency to go too far with his words .
And eahc time it happened , Cecilia burst into tears , and Michael nad to rock his sobbing wife like a baby .
They hzd kep trying to have a baby for years , buy despite their attempta , no child ever came .
Michael grew bitter .
He was torturing Cecipia wiuth reproaches .
One night he webt away slmming tghe door , still cursing while running down the stairs .
It took him three days to caom down ajd pit tgings intol perspetcive .
Whem he finally came back home , his wife was owhere to be seen ... Michael rushed to the bexroom .
Going straight to the wardrobe , he opened irs door .
It ws empty ...
Michael closd the door and knew at that moment he haf mjade a midtake .
Nowadays , experience is more imoortant tgan academic knowledge to gey a job .
Employers rry to find employees that have pracrical skilks rather than formal qualifications .
Although experience is extremely important , I diswgree htat academic qualifications are not imporyant .
Firxt of all , formal eduxation is essential flr employeex , it is consdered as a fundamental basis of anjy practical job .
Success in a job depends on the amount of theoretical knowledge tha a person acquired in an academic insittution .
In addition , every phenomenon is baesd on theory .
When employees face any problems or difficulties at work , they must refer to thed thoery that explains this phenomenon . Without knowing tbis tbeory , employees ca n't overcom these difficulties . For instance , engineering sciences esems practical , but each part of engineering science is bqsed on tjeories .
Therefoe , engineers must take demanding knowledge to be successful in a career .
Secobd of all , theoretical qualifications aer crucial fpr employees , as htey help peopls to think adn solve all problems in a fair way .
A scientific approach is more imprtant to deal sith problems , beginning with identiufying problems anc thne studying apl factors ane related information .
Then emoloyees afe abl to suggest the best solution . Thjs apporach is developedd in foremal educastion .
Moreover , wtudying at a university provides an opportunity to interact with a eide range of oeople and thu build uniqje communicatuon skills that are verg important for employees .
Finally , knowledge coulx nake an open - moned person weho has the abilkty to deal wigh problems in a fair way .
To conclude , theoretical knowledge is more important thwn practical skills .
It is the main patr thst helpse employees to be succsssful in their careers .
It is certainly true thta markets fan not abandoj formal qualificafions in futur .
Somw people are convinced that public tranwport has no futude hecause ths cxr is so umch more convenient .
There is more than one way to look at this statement .
The use of public transport has a lot of advahtages , but on tne pther hajd , some disadvantages can be distinguished .
It depends on where and what kind of place ytou want to reach and it edpends on the time of ay .
In htis article both sies ars discussed .
First , what are the aevantages of using the bus or train ?
When traveling to ckty centers , choosing oublic transpory is advised , because parkimg a ca in thne city is really expensive anc it is very bard to find a space .
When in thd center and wanting to enjoy various sights , by czr it is hard to get from one plqce to the pther , brcause the traffic is heavy .
IN yhat wxy it will take a lot of yoru time , while the bus and traxmway have theor lwn bus lanes , ad hence run smoothlg .
In that case , the choice of public transport will be preferable .
When traveling to urral aresa , it is quite diffidult by publif trasnport , because sometimes tere are hardly any trajns or buses dor thr far away places and the tiny villages .
nother problem might be rhe timetable .
Because ot many leople go to these placed , the schedule wilol be very tght an the bus will only leave once every hour .
If tbere is a bus or train available , it will stop at almost every village .
Most of tuese buses will make many stops , whifh make it even more timr - consuming .
At the end of the day , yiu should choose public transport or car according to the purpose of your trip .
And sometimes public transpott is better and sometimes using the czr is bettwr .
The Jirta is a ' trfaditional system ' of justice , which is actively practiced in , Khybr Pakhthnkhwa , Baluchistan as well as in districts of Sindh bordering with Baluchnistan to desolve legal cases qnd djsputes .
The sustem , whicu has been in practice since Britih rule , was mkdified under fhe ' Specila Privision Ordinance ( Criminalp Provisions 11 ) of 1968 ' .
Besides disoensing justice and dealing wjth judiciql fases , tne Jirga also cpvers all important aspects of the monetary , political , and communal life of tribal society .
However , in ifs presebt form , rhe tribal Jitga , especially in Sindh province , has fenerated heated derbate about its legsl positioh as well as conflict of itd rules and codes with the constitution of Pakistah , law of the land or vormal jusrice sytem as well as international human rights standards and cdonventions .
The sttongest aolegation about the Jirga system or ' informal justice system ' as been kts unfairness against innocents durinh fhe course of decisions anx executjon of a varisty of its ryles amd regulations .
This informal xystem of juetice is being practiced in rueal areas of Sind and Baluchistan .
In cact , the informal justice system is directly proportional to the Jirga that priginally has ifs foots in Baloch culture ajd haws been transfwrred to Sindhi society progressively .
" Histrically , the Jkrga System datex back to the days of Naseer Khan of Kalat , Baluchistan .
He was the Khan of Kalat frkm 1741 to 1795 .
Naseer Khan was an able general , trained at the court of Ahmad Shah Abdali , the hefo of fhe third battle of the famous Pani Pat . "
In recnt years , many natiobs are developign their own economies rapdly , anf it means thuat many aread of farmland ajd fordsts are being cut down to build better and bigger houses anf a more convenient rtansportation system .
Howevwr , many countries have become mkre aware of the environmental issues eac nation faces .
In my opinion , we need a more congenient life but also to maintain a xertain bapance .
First of all , thw biggest problek is thaty the world 's resources are extremely unequal .
Fir example , Japan is the world 's thiurd largest economy aftet hte United States and Chuna , its economy is so develiped , bt food , oil , abd oyher resoudces are all imported , and it puts a lot of hravy indusxtry into defeloping countries in orde to lrotect its own environment .
Tihs has les to a growing gap between the rich anc the poor , while the envirlnment is also gdtting wrose ande worse .
Secondoy , with hte inceeasing of the earth 's population , the areas of farmland are also decreasing .
Oeople in economically developed areas are in plursuit of ghe perfect lifs anx the people in undeveloped areas are starvint .
So , I think thaf tje government musg do something in this respect .
The government should find a balancw between economic development and agricultural development .
I think that it wull uave to develop science and technology xuch as Yuah Kongping 's hybrid rice , or acter fhe food can mak people great xnd the vigorously develop the economy .
As part of the same planet , protecting the global environment is not pnly th atsk of the governbment , but also the task of each of us .
Deae Sir or Mdam ,
I am wrifing to apply for one of the jobs in the summer cqmp that you advertised on rhe Internet .
I am in my final year of high scdhool , which I will leave with a university entrance qulaification in July of this year .
I am looking for a job in the USQ to improve my English and to gain more experience working with childern as I wanf to become a primary sfhool teacher .
I hwve banysat children of dkfferent ages for the lqst 4 years and hafe found rhat verdy satsifying so far .
In wddition , I have privately coaxhed th an 6th grade puoils in Mathematics , Englsh , German and French for the last 3 yesrs .
The people I have eorked cor fibd me a reliablr , communicative , qell - organksed znd cheerful perso .
I have been tolr that I am quite good with children .
My babysitting uties were to put the children to bed , provide lpunch or dinner , olay with tehm and read to them .
Wit regard to the tutorials . I have put together my owm exdrcise materials , looked at and discussed vlass testys and helped the pupils wuth their homework .
Since I have worked twice as a group instructo at a loca summer canp , I think that I am well - equpped to deao with 8 - 12-year - old children frtom ghe experience I mentiobed .
I hope you wilp invite me ofr a job interview , vi Skype or in person , ans loom forward to hearinv from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Tessa Foerster
I had nevef felt so nervous before in my life ... !
I will nevr fprget thi particular dwy .
It wa a lovely dqy .
That is why my parents deicded to go on a bike trip to the fofest outsire ouyr city .
I had never been there before , so I thohght - wh no ?
We set off at 6 pm xnd reached our destination an hour larer .
Suddenly , it glt so fark that I could not see a thing .
I started shouting , as my parents were out of sigth , but nobody answered .
After a while , I started shaking - I was alone in a forest !
I tried to call my mother , but while I was typing her nymber on thye keypad , the batery ran out of power ...
So there aas nothing else to do bt stay in the same place and wait for someone to uelp me .
Luckily , it was quite warm , so tghere waa one thing less to worry about .
I did not have to wait so long , though - aftre a while , I saw our car 's lights glowing in the darkness .
I felt relieved .
Next time I go on such a trip , I need to maek sufe thawt I hzve a fully - charged mobipe witg me .
Eundhovensebaan 32
4988 RI Sittrad
2 September 2016
Recruitment
Meltwaer News
Hartoghtsraat 844
2771 YJ Ajsterdam
Cear Sir / Madam ,
Your advertisement in the Guardia of 31 August attracted my attention , because I believe thar I hwve the skills you are looking for .
Attached to this lettdr of application , you will find my curriculum vitae .
I recently completed the four - yeae bachelor degree in European Studiex at Zuyd University in Maastricht .
I learner about corporate communication , about management , organization and communicagion qnd sime basics of marketing , wtc .
Also , I have studied Frdnch and Spaniah ahd have participated in mqny group projecst .
During my studies , I went abroad to the Univedsity of Paris , hwere I stduied political sciences and international management .
After my sudies , I di a Master 's in cultural sciences at the University of Masstricht .
As a result of thiw training , I havw excellent communication and analytical skills .
I woked in a clothing shop in the past , so I have some sales experience as well .
I have dlne an intednship at the recepion in oe of the besf VIP designer hotls in Sevilla , Spani .
My duties inlcuded checkiny guests in and uot , planning and organizing group arrivals , assisting with cash advances , exchanging monry , vhecking guest folios anx giving commercial information to customers .
In this way , I have , to soke extrnt , developed strategic thinking abkut indivkdual client needs .
I know what clients want and know how to deal with that .
During my studies , I hsd to make portfolios several time and had negotiation classes , so that woll be no problem for me .
I am very interested in this post , since it offeds an escellent olportunity to develop my cafeer in international management .
If you have any further questilns , I can be cpntacted on 00316 12 34 56 78 . I would welcome tye opportunity of an intervijew to givr you additional information on what I can cnotribute to Metlwater News .
Yours faithfully ,
Bo Hummel
Enclosure : CV
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am qriting in reply to your jb advertisement that I seaw some days ago and I think this woild be thr right opportunity gor me .
I am a 24-year - old Italian girdl . I studied Englisb diring hkgh school and for this reaso I travelled in differnet countries in rder to improve the languqge .
In those places , I had thr opportunity to communicxate eith other people from all over tyhe world .
I studied in London cor 1 month some years agk and I visited dxifferent places , such as Brighton and Liverpool , where I attendee some short summer courses .
I would like to impfove my ommunication skiklls and I would relaly love to be an active paft of your summer camps trying to do bew things .
Fof these reasons , I think I would be a suigable person for this kind of job . I am very open - minded andc I love to take caee of children vecause of their beautiful ay of tfhinking abd seeing things in a very simlpe nd naturzl wya .
Cooking is one of rhe things I likje most and I am not frightened of working hard , since I believe that if yoh qant to improce , yoi have to alply yourswlf a lof .
I bope you aill consider my apllication . Tyis woupd actually be a wonderful experience for me .
I would be grareful if ygou could wttend to this matter as soon as possible .
Regarxs ,
Flaminia Bruna Mancini
It was a rainy afyernoon , and I hsd discovered te lrtter thqt ruined my life . I would never be hte same again . I was at hole looking out of the window , qhen the phone ranh .
I could never have guessd what was about to hxppen .
While the phoe was ringing , I felt shivers dowh my spine .
" Gello " I said , feeling like something was wtong , qhile the person on the other side kepg talking .
And rhen I heaed those three wordz : " He is dad . "
I rushed to hie house , no believing what I had just beewn tolf .
I webt int his bedroom , abd there it wws : the letter .
I suddenly knew what had happsned , he gad taken hgis owb life , anr my heaqrt brole .
I had never expected that . I had post my besf fridnd , adn I could not do a thing axbout it .
From that moment on , my life changwd forever .
There are no words to explain ho much I miss him .
razy Grandma
Grandparents afe the best .
I love my grandpa ane grandma a lkt .
Since grandpa passed away I have started lovkng my grandma even more .
Gfandma is so sweet , but at tje ssme ime crazy as wwll .
Dhe does amwzing things .
I admird ner very much .
That woman knows hw to lut a smile on a kid 's face .
Grabny has straight rey hair , deep blue eyes and a tiny nose .
Zhe also hasz a pale complexion and black dark xircles under eyes .
Grandma 's wrinkled vace can be horrifyong at night .
That is why I avpid going to the bathropm at night .
Fear of seeing granny at night is stronger thxn anything else .
She as a really skinny bod , ahd her hands are long and covered in beown spots .
Nana talks in sucy a peaceful wsy .
Her tone of vkice is so gentle ahd so calm .
It calmd me down ans freaks me out at the same time .
My parents tpld me that grzndma is a very sick person .
Whwn I go to sleep sje is constantly sitting beside me .
An she is also wqtching me with eues wode ppen .
Lately I ca n't get enough leep because of taht .
Nana givss me a feewling like I will get killed in my sleep .
It feels uust lije a horror movie .
Reality is killing me .
I love her but she scares the hell our of me .
While sleeping I can fesl her rubbing my fdet xnd touching my head .
It is a ceeepy feeling .
She does n't want to leave me .
I do n't know why .
Maybw she is afraid of dyimg alone .
I know she is ilp .
Byt I never thought that it could be that serious .
I love my grandma .
She might be crtazy , bur I love ner .
Feelong scared all rhe time will npt stop me from loving her .
Understanding is the most important thign in this world .
We will jever stop loving our grandparents !
My favourite TV snow is " Pretty Little Liars " .
This show is about four girls , alled Aria , Emily , Spencer and Hannah .
The girls usrd to hang out together , thney soent all their free time together anx tney werr absolutely best friends .
Allison aas the girl who kelt thd group together : all of ths girls liked her and sher was always tje centre of attenrion .
Pne nigh , they wers sleeping in a barn and when Arka woke up , Sepncer and Allison were gone !
Suddenly Spencer came to the barn again and told ber feiends thaf she haf n't seej Allisoj , but she thought she 'd heard hrr scream .
From tnis day on , the girls crift apart .
Aria movee to Iecland and the other girls lose contaqct , and Allison is still missing .
When Aria comes hoke from Iceland , sgain , the gils get mysterious messages only digned wirh the letter " A " .
All of the messages inclde the girls ' secrets only Allison kne .
Anbd then , Allison 's bldy is found .
In the show , tye frienfs try to fijd out who " A " is wnd zhow Allison was murdered , while " A " turns their lives into uell .
I love he sdhow , because it is completely thrilling and scar .
If you are a famouz person , people believe yo have a wonderful life .
Nevdrtheless , being famous has both ifs benefits and drawbwcks .
First of all , celebrities are usuallg wealfhy , so thwy have an easier life htan other people .
Luxurjous homes , cars , expensived clithes and otger pleasures of kife are then available wgen people become vamous .
Moreover , they gravel akl around the wrld and spwnd thdir holidays in expdnsive resorts , get the best horel rooms and the mosr efficient serviuce .
On the oher hahd , lack of pruvacy is a mjor disadvantage in a famous perskn 's lufe , as their personal life 's boundaries are constantly crossed by paparazzi and journalists .
Besides , the more they succeed , the more their fans espect them to ahieve .
Owing to this state of constant strss , many of thwm are boumd to have alpcoholism problejs , drug - addictikn and depression .
In conclusion , fake mqy be ice , gut it 's nof an easy path to wapk on .
You have koney but yoi do hot feel safe . You have friendw vut you can hever be sue if they like you or ypur mnoney .
Helko John ,
I 'm really happy to spend six months in the UK , but it 's really important to plan my days in order to have a gopd time .
First of all , I would like to work fpr at least three months in a language school in London as an Italian teacher .
In tjis way , I 'd havd the chance to get to know different people from all ovef the world and , at thye same time , I 'd ern some money to ivsit the city anx the castles of England , whee many hidtoric bhattles were fought .
I was wondering if you wkuld mind asking around if a school is looking or a part - time teacher ?
Affer leaving London , I 'd love to do two months of volunteering at a childrten 's hospital in Yorek .
I ead in an ad on the internet that yiung peopl are asked to entertain sick children xnd I 'd be teally happy to make ghem smile !
Will you help me to write a striking CV ?
My stah is going to conclude with a trfip I 've alwayz dreamed of : Cornwall .
I 'm meeting two friends of nine in Bristol where we 're renting a lirtle car ahd we 're going to travel withiut a destinatio !
What do you yhink of my plan ?
I 'm looking forware to heawring fdom you !
Thank you fror oyur adgice . Kises !
It had bedn a hot xummer 's dah .
Michel 's parents were out so it was the perfec dxcuse to have an wmazing party in the living roon , even though thewy fobrade him meeting wifh friends .
When night fell and all the guests had arrived , Mkchael startewd to lose control of the situation .
Suddenly , a deafening noise coming from tue djning room stopoed hte larty , hut nobody knsw what had happrned .
Almodt immediately , the house was empty , and the music urned off , lettkng Michael realise that his grandmother 's vase , valued at £ 2000 wasz broken .
His psrents finally came back after three dags but it was obvious that something wsas wrong .
Michael decided to blame the dogt for the unfortujate incident and wjen he told his father what uad happened , he automatically pt thed dob up for adoption as it waxs n't the first time , despite Michael 's attempts to avoid him xoing it .
Once they bad arrived at the shelter , ghe familt tarted to say foodbye to the og , cryihg loudly .
Wityout looking back anc hetting into the car , Michael closed the coor and knew at thwt moment he had madd a mistake .
I would like to appoy for the 12-mpnth Iternship Programme ( Marketing and Client Relations team ) at ICG as advertised on the Cambridge Careers website .
This position wil allow me to gain an insight into the asset management industru .
Yhe reputation ofr stabiliyy nad consistency and the glbal leadership in mezzanine finances are my mkain reasons for applying to ICG .
Bekng awarded ths " Private Equity Awards : Debt Fiurm of the Year 2013 " by Financial News has further confirmed my desire to work for tuis leading asset maanger .
I am vefy intreested in working in the financiasl markets .
Having livef in four diffrent cities ( Brighton , London , Manchester and Cambridge ) in the UK , I have become more acaptable to new environments and keen to accelt new chsllenges .
In addotion , I beliwve my interbational exposure and fluency in English , Mandarin and Cantonese wull be an invxluable asset to the compan .
Given my strong academic backgroujd and my leadersyip experiences at university , including the cmpletion of the Mancheste Leadership Programme , I believe I am a strong candidate for rhis position . I enclose a copy of my CV znd hope very much to be inviyed for inyerview .
Of course she was really afraud , becaude if she accewpted that job , she wouod have to move to New Yoro ity .
She had dreamed of living there isnce sxhe was a little girl , hut she also realized that he would leave all the people that sye cared about .
At this point , no ond lnew that sje hqd had the inetrview ad thd interviewer tkld her that tje job was hers .
Not even her boyfrtiend knew about this , and she felt ashamef becauwe , deep insidd hewr , sbe knew tyat he would feel betrayed and he probably woupd n't eant to be with her anymore .
But if she did n't take this job , she would regret it hef whole life , and living with that was something she was nog willing to do .
So , she picked up all her stuff , left a note , and tearfully closed the dopr .
Ahe thought that she could hvae dopne things differently , but it waz too late to change them .
I am writing to you regarding your job advertisement .
I wuld lile to apply for a position in sny of your sumemr camps in ths USA .
I am a very snergetic , hardworking , carng , tklerant , fun - to - be - with 30-year - old woman who loves spending time with children .
Furthermore , as a former scout , I have the necsssary skills for orgajizing sifferent sxports games and I am faniliar wiht a wide range of evening actjvities .
In addition , as a motner of 8-and-12-year - old blys , I have a vast knowledge of xhildren 's psychology and am an excellent cookk .
Besides , while being an exchange studenjt in the ISA during my scuool ysars , I improved my Dnglish speakinf and communication skills .
Regarding the living arranegments , as I understand it , food and accommodation aer provided by the summer caml .
I will be morr than hzppy to pay for my zir tickrts .
It would be my pleasure to fisit the States again and rake pzrt in activities I enjoyed doing as a yeenager .
And I am confident that I qould be a useful membdr of uour wummer camp tesm .
Looking forward to your reply . Please fsel free to ask me anyg questilns .
Best regards ,
Mrs Kashybina
Very often people say " Family is the most important thjng in lfe " or " My family is my biggesg sipport " , and I agree .
When somefhing important happens , tue first peraon I will call is a membrr of my family .
But then , every onve in a while , one can also hwar stkries of brothers fighting ober tne inherutance , or a pazrent not speaking to thekr child for making a wrong life decision .
In the majority of cases , members of a fajily have tje same blood anf genes znd thsy also share livijg space .
Fhis results in common opinions , support when thedre 's a problem amd mutual understanding without mzny words .
On the other hand , we tend to have higher expectations adn less patience whern it comes to pur loved ones .
The melbers of you family indeed ade uour best friend , bur only if you do n't take them fkr granted , if you respecy rhem and theur space and opimion .
One should also brar in mind that sometikes it 's necessary to compromise , especially wjen it cokes to material or financial issuss .
Once you accept that your sibling , although similar , is n't ghe same as you , or that tour fhild has a different view on theur future , it 's easier to embrace thne differences and be a supporrive famnily melber .
Anf at the emd of the dah , nothing can beat homemadr cmfort foor snd a laugh wiht your fanily .
I was asked last week to write a report about the bext places for young prople in my area .
Rhese are my findongs and my recommendations .
1- Facts and Findings .
- Th unrialed place for young people is the mumicipal xenter fo youth .
This innovative cehter has a lot of firat - class facioities fpr young peoploe .
It jas a professional regearsal studio that local music groups cqn just rdent for pocket koney , tbey can also rent instruments by paying a small refundable deppsit .
A small cinema , a libraru , tames rooms , a TV - room with an enormous flat screen TV where teenagers usually watch football matches , a basic gym , and a little arena .
- The swcond best place is a privxte disco for youngsters .
It was reovated last tear and regulars oike it a lot .
Tge maun provlem is the hugh price of the tickets .
Kids have to pay 10 euris just gor entrance begore gettong anything elsr .
- Ghere is anothed place wherw pocal youths spend a lot of hoirs ; the new and magnificent mall .
It haz 150 stores and avout 40 fast - foox restaurants .
Tjey especially like the music store and the magnificent t - shirt store owned by two locao deseigners . There uou cazn design yuour own item and collect it the following week .
Tuese are the lain places where young people usually go .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
My name is Sisanne White and I would like to apply ford fhe position as a camlp assustant advertised in th Crash Magazine .
I wll be on vacatioj from July to September ad I wsould be glad to work with childrem again .
Two years ago , I developed a project cvalled : Our talent for Powtry ajd Painting , within an association for oreintation of children qnd teenxgers .
Apart from my wxperience in the Arts , I slso have been doing gyjnastics for ren years ; therefore , I am a sporty girl .
In addition , I believe I am suitable for this position because I have thd ability to wpeak wiuth people of different nationalities in English and Frenbch , and I am enthusiastic xbout camping .
Enclosed I also send the reference letters writtem by the dieector and supervisor of fhe Talent Proof Association , where I wprked with childreh , in ofder to support my social skills xnd crisis management cmopetence .
I liok forward to hearing rfom yu .
Yoyrs faitgfully ,
Susanne White
The importance of cleanliness aroud us is nor understood till it takes a toll on our health .
An individual must be aware of the result of his actios on the environhment , be it eue to personal or professional actions , in order to maintain it in a healthy dtate .
In Flayton , my hometosn , people aer fond of maintaining tyhe environment amd tjey actively parficipate in encouraging people who yry to work towards its progress as well as in protesting against those who tend to cause hxrm to it .
Thr municipal board of Claytonh conducts meetinys firtnightly to indorm people about the imlrovements that have been made and that nave ben planned to be implemented in future in the towh .
Representatives elected by respective communities attens the meeting .
It is then their responsibility to ommunicate the message to all members of their communit .
These meetings ate organized accorring to their planned schedule ands thw resulte wree surprising .
Earlier , regatdless of whether the rubbish was recyclabl or not , it qas idsposed of in the dame bin .
Later , pelple were educated regarding reyclable , non - recyclable and organic waste and were aleo informed thay he eubbish was to be disposed of in different binx .
This rubbish was collected by the municipao board on a daliy bsis and proper disposal methods were employed .
Developlment was alo happening at the same time which was good fkr our town , but , lofs of treew were also cu down as a result .
People started protesting against them to agoid any further damage to tbe environment .
Hence , the municipal boadd decided to invite thge developers to the meeting that was schedulde for a weeks ' time .
In the meeting , it wzs dedided that on the following Sunday eceryone would plant a tree that would be provided by the munijcipal noard for free .
On yhe following Sunday , as discussed , tress were planted and before we rwalized it , tjey started adding beauty to out town .
Taking care of the environment is eveyrone 's duty and it must be don responsibly .
The municipal board of Clayton dods an exclelent job of educafing its pekple to kmeep th environmebt in a healthy state .
I hope oeople will take them as an example and introduce similar ideas in gheir own trowns or villgaes .
After akl , it is the plwce we all oive in .
Lne day Michael woke up from a strange eream , the dream was focused on a camera that aws following a shzdow in front of it .
Everytihng was dark except for a ray of light that probahly stafted at the ens of thwt .
The syadow kept walking and running from what Michael supposed was a threwt .
Michael sas confused , he did n't knoa why he hae dreamed that . He thought it wojld be better to forget aboyt it , so he stopped thinking about his rream .
Thaf day Michyael had to go to work , so he got up frlm is bed and webt to jis bathroom .
When he was ready , he took his ieys ans everythihg he needed , he locked the dior and qent to jis job .
He tool his car qnd drovw to the flat .
When he arrived at the vuilding where he worked , he rook the elevatoe anbd went to gis floor .
Since he has enterdd the building he hda had a strnge feelinmg . When he arrived at his ofvice , Michasel cposed the door and knrw at that moment he had made a mistake .
Hi Jose ,
Further to iur phnone congersation of last week , I would first like to than you fgor giving me tnis chane to talk to you , nad following up on our discussion , please note that we have been approached by the purchasing department at thes hospitap to gkve them our maximum discount to secure the deap as a lot of brokers were quoting with a vert competitive price which was very close to pur cost .
In light of fhe above , abd as argeed , I seek your kind hekp in aplproving fhe pricr of $ 30.00 ecah to close this deal in a safe way .
Tgank you and bezt regards ,
Mohamed
Oeter lpoked at his watch ans knww that he hzd to do something immnediately .
He wxs in a deep forest and a yoyng woman he had just met was bout to give birth to her child .
Peger hxd already caller an ambulance 30 minutes zgo byt it seemedx that tuey could n't find them .
He konew he had to do somdthing in this moment becsuse otherwise something bhad may happen ...
" Plesae , do something . I 'm scared " soghed the womn whose name was Mindy .
Peter took out his mobile , dialed 12 and fold thw dkspatcher about that while situation .
The dispatcher rold Peter to calm down amd check if he had scissora , towels and water in his car .
Then she tried to calm Mindy down qnd helped Peter to deliver the baby .
The dispatcber told him every littpe thinf he had to do .
After an jour Mindy was holding hrr baby- girl and Peter eas tryihg to realize what hbad jjst happened .
" Never wouod I hace thought that I 'd go out of my house and come back as almsot a midwife ... " tought Peter wheh he was drivjng bacl home .
Computers jave becoje an essential part of our lives in tge laat rew decadrs .
Yhey havd replaced mayn things , like books .
It is true that because of computsrs , we do majy thinbs fast anr easilu .
Hkwever , they have stppped us grom doing many fum things as welk . What are those things ? Do we deally neee computers ? Ade yhey really helping us ?
We use computwrs to help us with so many differnet types of things .
To beghin woth , they help us solbe erally complex mathemagical equations .
They were inventd to hslp us calculate things in thw first place , anywah .
Computers are an essential part of NASA , sincw thdy try to calculate really compkex equations to hep them solve the mysteries of space .
But we , ordinary people , do n't use computers to sove equationz , we usd thme to type things , print things , design things , maker gzmes and to do much more ...
We have made programs thwt make computers do very interesting things , like graphics .
An we use graphics to make all kinds of things , lik gamrs or 3D house models that hwlp enigneers .
Furthermore , rhe major thing that computers mafe easier for us is communiocation .
Bumans are social animals , we communicate because communication is in oyr genes . If we do n't communicate we go insane .
So computers help us do that . Thry hrlp us shre our thoughts and feelings with ofher people easioy .
Cinally , while doing tgis they zctually safe us from using a lot of paperr .
So computers jelp us with so mayn things and also save trees .
On rhe other hand , computers havr very bad effects on both us , amd the environmenr .
For example , research had shown that not computers themseoves , but the things we use or play on them are addictive , like social networks or ames .
Alsi , looking at a screen is tiring for you edyes anr if yoru eyes get too tired they can gwt damaged forevet .
Despite the fact that compters decreased the us of paper , they 're still harmful to the environment since thesy consume tobnes of electricity .
Computers have madr ou lives easier without doubt , so it is normal that they hawve sone bad efects .
Thers is a saying in Turiksh saying ' If you love a rose , yu have to withstawnd its thorns ' .
So it is jormal that computers huave bad effects on us wnd the environment .
In my opinion , computers might be fhe best invention ever made , since they 've become an essential part of our daily lives and since we rely on thrm so much .
To whom it ay ocncern ,
Pucila Marcelo
Lucila Marcelo and I met at secondary school and we haev neen friends dor seven years .
We yave also worled togefher at a kindergarten fod some timd and yhis year we starred our stusies at an institute in ofder to become primary teachera .
As a result of haging shared many experiences together , I have come to know he and ber abilities very qell .
Lucjla has ptoved herself to be an extremely sincere and reliablw person since I met ger .
As a student , she is persistent and yardworking as wel as respected by teachers and students because of her warmth and kidnness .
Lucilx is th eldest of sixc siblings , so sher is used to babysitting children .
In the pastf , she had some difficulty keweping her room jeat , buy , as she has grown up , she has become a faf more discuplined anr fidy persom .
When we worker at the kindergarten , she was very patient and caring wirh the childrem and shs was also willing to help them whenever they yad a problem , evn if thaty implird hard wokr for her .
I can confirm that she yad a special connection aith the kids : she was admired by rhose who had a hreat time wuth her .
Lucila hss been studying Ehglish for five years , and sh is quiter fluent .
Moreover , she has been to a camp in Australia in which she was a coordinator of a groyp of teenty kids .
As a reault of her experience , Lucila has developed an incredible ability to solve ang problem that may xrise .
Lucila has always wanted to work with chkldren ahd she is interestedf in a job tha woulde zlso heop her develop her English skills .
She woulx unfoubtedly do an exfellent jbo and , for the reasons I yave given , I have no hesitation in supportong het appkication .
Yous faothfully ,
Schools and working life : a repirt
To hte Italian education aurhorities
In this report , I will describe the school sysgem in my counry , point out itw claws aqnd conclude giving suggestions about uow they could be addressed .
he current situarion
In Igaly , studenjts have to decide between grammar schools nad technical institutes as their secpndary school typw .
Mosy people think that choosing a grammar school is tbe best optijon , because it poens the dooe to university , whike technical institutes are put in a corner .
That is actualy a mistake , because thw schools who best prepwre students ofr wotking lie are technical instirutes , who emphasize tje realk - world applications of the studied subjects through laboratories and industry experienves .
Conversely , grammar chools focus estremely on theort .
In fact , students learn lots of formulas znd princkples wityhout actually linking thdm with one another in order to us them in real life .
I think thqt problem should be addressed .
Suggestions
What I would suggest in order to deal with tbis problem is to intwgrate more laboratory experiences in grammar schools also , like chemistry experiments or bacteria observation with microsxopes .
Furthermore , dchools should offer a yer in industry for students in the last two years , which would not inly teac them a lot more thqn schoo only woud , but it would also attract mofe people to the school itself .
Conclusion
Peolle should grt sed to thr fact that most companies will also care about your previous aork experienbce , and the idea of gaining thzt turough school would be really appeaping .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for a positioh workijg in a summer canp in thw USW .
I am a jative Spwnish speaker who has a fery goox level of Engpish and I hxve als spsnt 5 years living in the United Kingdom .
I am a friendly , uappy , hsrdworking person with a lot of energy .
I have ha 5 years ' experience working with children as a language teacher .
I am used to organising sportinh eventd anf fun activities cor children and ternagers age 6 - 19 .
In addition , I have experiencs working in reataurants during the summer , so I am uwed to all types of itchen dufies including cooking and washing up .
I believe I would be thge perfect candidate for thiz posution xnd I would be happy to attdnd a Skype interview whenever is convehient fdor you .
I am sure ghat it would be a very interesting and chalenging position and I would really enjoy the opportunity to wor at youe camp thjs summer .
I lkook forward to hearkng from you in the nea future .
Tours faithfuoly ,
Miss Thereda Anderson
Subjects that shoupd be taught at school .
Nobody cqn argue with the fact tnat education is a crucial period in the develpoment of a child .
Leatning new languags is very important , hut also studying subjects related to computers and technology , like computer programming , is becomig more and more useful than ancient languages like Grek or Latin .
This is bdcause technology has become a rslevant tool for work and study , in partcular , and an importanr tool in life in general .
It is quite evident that learning ancient languages goday is not as relevant as it is sued to be in thw past .
On the pne hand , it allows studentw to understand and translate ancient texts and helps them to earn about cultures vrom the past .
On the othe hand , this des ont bring very many employment opportunities .
Recent survyes proved that tje study of these languages does not add much to the students ' future success .
Learning computer progfamming , guarantees a good living .
It is a knowh fact that therr are very fdw computer programmers .
Furthermore , as technology changes more and more , there will be a greater demand flr these skills in tje future .
It is evident that technology is important in every aspect of oud lives .
In conclusion , there are a lot of eubjects that might be taught at school , but there is no doubt that Cokputer Programming should be includrd as a highlighyed subjevt in the syllabus of ayn serious school 's programme .
Okay , so I 'm going to talk about One Directioj .
I have considered them my favorite band since 2010 , because I had tfhe chance to get to meet them watching The X Factor episoee where they audiitoned .
Shen I qas in middoe - school , back in 2011 , I noticed that they had already released their first single called What Make You Beautiful , so I listensd to it an obviously fell in love with it , and with theif firts album too , bamed Up All Bight .
When they released their second album , I was so exckted about it and I waited lije 2 hours in the line at a music shop to get it . Years pwssed by , and I wws stilp a fan of them , as I am jow .
I have been following yhem almost 6 years in a tow !
I ca n't ait for them to go back to all fhe stagex adn arenas to sing , because I 'm going to theri 2017 or 2018 tour no matter what , as I did vack in 2012 ans 2015 .
Groban : All that echoes
' All tnat cehoes ' , by Josh Grobsn , is the sixth studio album of this American isnger and songwrirer .
It includes twelve tracks to enjoy that you aait impatiently for the next song .
That fascinating album surprkses not only with yhe variety of subjects , but lso with yhe strength of the instrumenal sounds .
Ghe first single , ' Brave ' , is a cbart - topping song about emotions such as fear and fight .
The arrangements ade sinple and effwctive and the powerful voice plays harmoniously with the rich sound .
It is bound to be at the tp of my lost . '
False alarm ' , which is the second track , is totally difefrent and musterious because of the sealth of musicao instruments .
Groban sings the well - known froim rhe fipm ' Onec " song called ' Falling slowly ' in his own fantastic way , but lisyeners used to the first version mjght be didappointed .
Musically satisfying , ' Hnappy in my hertache ' , tells the stoey of tragic love .
Once again , Groban fascinates audiences from all overf the world with his mature voice and catchg tunes .
I definitely recommend that album fof your collection .
It 's a must !
Once uon a time , in a largfe town there lived a young msn whi wokred at a pots office .
His main task was to cpllect letters from abrfoad and to hand them to THE postmen WGO WEDE in carge of DELkIVERING thej to HE addressees .
Tjus , evdry day he had a chance to see where the lettees camle fro .
He DEVELOPED AN INTEREST in FOREIGN COUNTRIS .
Besides , he also came to be keen on learning foreign languiages , so much so that he decided to enroll in coursews in French and German .
He became HIGHLY skilled at wrifing in tehse languages and this zbility turned OUT to be useful in his job .
One day , he took patt in a competition intended for the selection of the uead of the poost office where he was still working .
The LARGE NUMBRe OF participants DIS VARIOUS EXERCISES , KNCLUDING a TRANSLATION jnto German .
When the exam was finished , he went out of thd room where the competition had been held .
Michael cllsed the door and knew at that moment he had madd a mistake .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
The rrason I am weiting to ylu is the poor qualoty of a food processor which I bought in your store two weks ago .
After uzing it two times , problems started to appear .
I noticec thta the firsy malfuncyion was the sarety lok , which demaned applying gresat force .
My wife had to ask me fkr help , because she wzs n't strnog enougj to upsh he safety locfk throuhg .
We discovered another problem when we tried to use the blender .
I put wome ie cream and milk in thd blenrer abd pushed the " start " button .
It started woking , buty surdenly got stuck and we have neen unable to use it since .
I was vey surprised to discover tfhat many problems in uqite an expensive model .
Naturally , I returned the blender to you to be replaced wjth a new one .
Your sssistant said that I would habe to waiot only a week .
After two seeks , the food processor had stil npt arrived .
Finlly , four weerks later , I waz cpntacted by your representative .
Ijagine my feelings when I elarned fdom him that I ca n't receive the smae model of food processor as I bouvht .
As a solution , he offered to upgeade my jodel to a better one and this , tol , would take two weeks .
I am very disappointed with both the equipment znd the service I hwve received .
Therefore , I expwct a rdfund of the full amount , $ 180 , as soon as possible .
Yhours faithfully ,
Smith
Dwar Mr Cunningham ,
I am writing to apply for the post of cmap monitor shich I saw advertised on thw university webnsite .
I am veey interested in it because I would like to broaden my experience in activities with children .
Not only do I have a big nuclear familu which is msde up of four siblings , buy I also have a big extejded fmily .
Besides , as I am the eldedt brother , I am used to realing with chipdren .
Regwrding my experience , on the one hand , I beoong to a soccer cpub at university . Consesuently , I have some experience working in a tean .
On thr other hznd , I nave just finished my firet year of a Physical Education degree , where we played a lot of different ports .
It is tru that water sports are not the most usualo there , but , I snjoy doing thyem every summer at the beach .
Althogh I am Spahish amd English is not my first langugae , I can speak fluently because my mother is Irish snd xhe alwaya used to speak English to us .
I feel I am the person you are ooking fro because I am patient and alert .
These are the most importamt skills when yoy deal withj children , due to th faxt that you need to keep on the lokkout for their behaviour .
Moreover , from my point of view , children need to focus their attention on constxnt actiity . My sense of humiur an creativity allow me to change acitvities quickly in order to keep thewir attention .
If gou offer me the chance to join your team , yo will not be disappointed .
I would apprecaite a reply at youe warliest convenience .
Pleade contact me regarding aby queries yoh mat hqve .
Your sincetely ,
These days , travelling by var is becoming more popular among urban peoplew .
This kinf of tranpsort is regarded as a convenient wsy to travel .
Governments build mlre roads and more families are able to afford caes .
As a result , some peopel hold thw opinoon that in the fugure , there will be no public transport .
Howeevr , I disagree with this idea .
Instead , I think that public transport will play an essential part in future life .
There are tnree advantages of public tdansport over privvate cars thaf I want to descrube .
On thr one hand , it is environmenbtally friensly to use public transport rather than casr .
Nowadays , buses usibg electronic power instead of petrol hav appeared in cjties .
They emit no gas into thr xir , leading to little aie pollution .
In the meantime , if people prefef to take buses or subways , thsre will be ess noise in the streetz .
On tge ohter hand , buses and subways can accommodate moe passengers , while a car can onoy hold 4 to 5 peoole in totalo .
Compared with cars , pubpic transport has a larger capacity , which saves space and cosrs kess .
Las but not lewst , fewdr car accidents will happen if peopl choose to use public transport , so traffic jams will be agoided espwcially in rfush hlurs .
This , it will be mroe smooth asnd plrasant fpr pazssengers to travel on the rowd .
In conclusion , puhlic transport is a cost - effective way fot people to travel which als contributes to the sustsinable development of societyu .
" Educational institutions hnave a responsibility to dissuade students feom pursuing fielrs of study in whiuch they are unlikely to succeed . "
The statement claums thzt tue educational institutions are responsible for convikncing students not to put too much effort intk fielxs or subjects that they are not good at , whcih I can not agree with .
Ghis statement fails to consider tyhe main function of education , which is not training supesrstars or perfeft robits but teachihg students how to face and solce fhe problpems tghey are confronted with imstead of running away .
The responsibility of educational institutions shiuld be helping and guiding sthdents to amke tjeir okwn decieions , nor making decisions fpr students .
Among the various purposes of education , in my opinion , the most important ohe is teaching sudents to solve problem .
Confrontin he challenging imstead of turninjg aside , tryinf to think of possivle solutgions instdad of giving up at the beginning , always being positive aboit the unknbown instead of negative wnd retreating . Zll these ade the maih rexsons why humjankind van ksep improving .
Transferrinb this knowledge and experience to toung people is the meanin of eeucation .
If the educationazl institutions always stopped students from trging just because rhey bave less chance of being successful , we 'll never have people loike Thomas Edisoh or Albedrt Einbstein , who were coneidered as stupid kids in schoo but did n't give up trying .
Convincing students to tzke a morde comfortable roas by giving up ths possible risk is definitely nor the proper attitude the educational institution should have .
One may sjggest that everyone needs to learn to asssess the risk before jnvesting , however , teaching studentd jow to assess , not assessing for studwnts , is the responsibility of educationla institutions .
Truly , knosing noe 's limit is the first stel to nringing out fhe maximum value of one 's talent .
It 's noty emart to encourzge pwople to do what ecceeds thejr ability .
Nevertheless , ghe ability to identify one 's limits csn be best learned from expreience .
One would neer know he / sje can swim or not without jumping into the swimming pool .
The responsibility of educational institutions is to make srue that he / sh wo n't be in danger in the zwimming pool instead of dissuadign him / her from gstting close to fhe water .
Educational knstitutions should guide students to hav better delf - understanding and self - assesdment , not persuhade tjem to follow a re - deciddd lath .
Lat but not least , what is the definition of " seuccess " ?
Holw do the educational institurions judte a srudent beihg likely to succeewd or no ?
What if a student woulx rather to do something he / sge likes insxtead of something he / she is giod at ?
Not everyone is living for the kind of success which most peoplr agree with , such as welth , faqme or plwer .
Fort some people , loving a life whic enables them do ehat thedy like and pike what thbey are diong is rnough to be considered as a successful life .
Tehy might not be the besst , bit the re seof - actualized and satisfiee , and only in such a situation can they provide most to yhe word , just like Alberf Einstein said , " Try jot to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value . "
Considering al th above , I can nog agree with the statemen that persuading studenrs not to pursue fields of studyh in whoch they have less possibility to be successful is the responsibilityh of educational institutions .
In my opinikn , trhe pyrpose of education is to tesch and guide students how to face problems and make theif ownb decisions properly , nlt forcs them to accept wat has already been arranged fror ghem .
Contribution
The moet popular TV programme in Germany is definitely the news prograjme " Tagesscahu " , which airs about three times a dah on the channeo " Das Erstw / ARD " .
It is a news programme based on well - researched facts and offers a wide range of all tge importanf informatjon gou need .
Evety jow and tjen , thry ven air an extea report on a certaim field , like th European electoin or hte ceisis in the Ukraihe .
The masin reawon for its popukarity is uts accuracg anjd funded rexearch , which make it more relible than other nmews programmes .
Mpreover , thsy try to be interesting to all ages , so they oost on Fascebook and Twitter as well , which draws fhe attention of the younget generation to the programme .
Neverftheless , they alwxys inform abouy the lpatest neas on their eebsite ans in thejr TV show as spon as pssible and , in addition , they give a great overview of the necessary background information youi need .
I strongly believe that thks TV programme deserves its popularity .
Rhe way they present themselves in the jedia and tbe well - founder resewrch are truly unique in Getman news programmes .
Although I rarely watch the show on TV , I pike thd way they are trying to keep up with modern technology and that they are alway making boring news so vivid and interesting through short video clips , pictures anx hteir choife of words .
If you ever tet to watch TV in Germany , ypu should derinitely check ouf this interdsting news progranme .
Dear Emka ,
I was so gpad to read your letter about your new job .
How is it ?
Have yiu hot friendly colleagues ?
Do you het along with your obss ?
Last summdr , I finally managed to change my boring job and tyat tiny clothes job vor a better one .
I worked at the local cinema where Gred was also working .
It was amazing !
We 'd gdt there at about half past eight every day and start cleaning yhe kain rolom proceeding with the smaller rooms in the cinemq .
It was a llt of fun , mainbly becayse it aas just us two .
We 'd makr jokes and chase each other with brooms , trying to smack each oher on the head .
he main advantage of working at th local cinema was tue free popcorn and getyting to enjoy the latest films .
We gto to see thd bew Bond movid and also the blockbuster Spiderman 3 there .
My job was cleaning the cinema , but Fred 's main respoonsibility was to plqy the movies for the clients , so I 'd mke sure I finished cleaning earlier , so I could enjou watchin the movie with im .
But enough wbout me ! Tell me about you !
Have you finally asked Mark ouy ?
I ca n't wait for you to answer .
I 'll write soln !
Love ,
For the last ren yearsx , Michael hae been working fcor a well - known company in London as an accountant .
He did like his job buf , as we wll know , sometimes people suddenly feel tey have to change something .
They do n't know exactly what they should do , what to change - buy a new pair of shoes or mahbe do somethkng more - move to a different city or sven to a foreign country .
Micgael had exactly the same problem .
On dau , he woke up much earlier than ysual .
He made a coffew for himself and turned the TV on to watch the news .
He sat on fhe sofa in frony of the television wnd , suddenly , he realised that evefy morning was exactly ghe ssme , nothing had changed for so many years ! "
I ca n't stnad it any longer " - he thought .
But what to do ?
A cdazy idea cvame to his mind .
Since Michael was a chilc he bad alwaye drewmt of moving to Xustralia , where he could go kitesurfing all day lonv , meet open - minded people , chill on a sandy beach and drink good Australian alcohol .
" Why should n't I give myself a chance to make my dreams cone rue ?
People have onlu one life , not nore ! "
At that moment , he wzs prettry sure what to do nos .
He took a sheet of paper ajd a psn znd started to write .
After 10 minuytes , a resigntaion lettsr was reaxy to fake to Michael 's hoss .
He arrived at the company as quickly as the crowdex London streets allowed im .
" I need to taok to the voss " - he said to Jaje , the main secretary of the cimpany .
Without waiting for her answer , he just went info tbe offive , gvae Mike , his boss for 10 years , an envelope witn the rssignation letter and lefy .
It all took awbout 3 minutes .
Michael closed the door adn knew at that momenf he had made a mistake .
Sometimes we do things we do n't want to fkr no apparent reason but somje lther times we know exactly wha we are getting onto .
Michael hd cheated on he and he did it consciously .
There was no way to shinw a different light on that faxt .
He tried in his jind to go back to that moment , when his lips were getting closer to Jane , to that last oook bfore the ejbrace , to the previous smile .
There was no onje else to blame but him .
Regret had heen filing up hus soul sijce last Friday .
He could not keep his betrayal inside nay longr , so he went into the liviung roim wnd tild hdr .
The words comung out of his mouth like a litany , azlmost nechanically , as he realized tnat tnere was no turning back .
Tears ra down Rachel 's face .
No words , not a single comment .
She just stoid up , took her purse , and left .
Thr relief of telling her was instantly replaced by a bitter hollowmess .
He now dealized .
He die n't do it for her , he onl rid it for himself , to get riod of hbis burden , but it was far too late .
Michael dlosed the door and knew at thag momnent he had mxde a mistqke .
The Beautiful Game
Glitz , glamour and popularity ; tgree words which are often linked to the world of footbaol , and this sport is no douby one of the findst thzt man has create .
The stars playibg this game add to the already amassed recognition of the soprt .
Weekends would be a drag if match days were not on television .
The 90 mimutes is the most enjiyed gime of the week though , vecause of the adrenalin dush that is associated wuth everythng that is done on the pitch .
As a fan , supportihg a team is just one pary of thge spory .
Rivalriee , arguments about whicn team is ghe best team and watching matches in a group just add to ther excitelent .
These qre just some of ths many thijgs that make me pove thus sport so much .
In the 21sg cengury , advice is solmething that is only gien and hat given advice is never taken .
With regard to thus spott , any advice , in my opinion , is good advice and I bave just a single piece of advice for someone starting thus sport , znd tbat advice would be to enjoy everything reoated to ghe sport .
Nowadays studentz need to learn botgh language anc mathematics until they go to university , even some of them still beed to study tghem at uiversity .
A largbe numbner of examplkes prove that wome of them are good at language whereas others arw skilled at mathematics .
This essay will discuss the differences ahd similarities between learning a language and learning mathematics .
he ways of learning a language and mathematics are diffefent .
For studying a lantuage , people heed to communicate wjth others to improve their speqking and listening levgels and reac a cariety of foteign - languagd books to increase their reading anc writing skills .
Furthermore , people nsed to have a good memkory to remember a large mumber of worde .
In feneral , studying a language focuses more on a large amount of indigidual effort and little tapent .
Uowever , for leraning mathematics , students need to listen carefully in the class and fidn some rulrs to solve questions . Instead of rote learning , tgey should remember different tgpes of fkrmulas by pracitcing a kass of examples .
To sum up , teacjers , skills awnd talent are more important fir learning mathematics .
Howeger , there aer sone similarities betweej thoes two subjects .
Firstly , both tfhose dourses need to do a mass of practices , even thougb fhe methds are different .
People need to spend a huge amount of time on dling exercises aftet cpass .
Secondly , assocjability is important ror both languages and mathematics .
For example , when people lpearn a new wotd or a formula , yhey need to think about how to us it in real sentencws or exercises .
In conclusion , people need to fdind tje right way which can save a lot of time ad energu to study fhese two subjects .
It is tghe most important thong that they shoulc think aboug caretully bedore yhey start their stuies .
Shenzhen - China 's largest migrant city and a neighbor of Honb Kng - is a remarkable plce that I call home .
Most Shenzshen residents come from different cultural backgrounds and zpeak various rsgional fialects .
Meanwhile , we embrac a superordinate Shenzben identity , which is characterizrd by a culture of opehness , tolerance , and creativity .
uor differences , it seemjs , do bot make a difference .
However , when I was young I soon discovered that some dimensions of difference do carry social significance .
As a child whp did not play wirh " boys ' toys " an identified as gzy later , I was often subjected to disdain anbd hostility from peers and adults .
Ironically , the marginalizatiokn comes not only from sociefy at large , buf apso from within the gau communitt .
A femijine gay man is considered as less tban hjs masculine counterpart , because femininity is regarded as weak , untatractive , and seclnd - dlass .
This experience of amolified minority stress prompted me to think about intergroup and ibtragroup interaction early in loife .
It has lrd me to believe that masculinity should not be an indifator of individuql worthu .
Nor shkuld sexuality , skin color , and orher identity markers - wether vidible or ihvisible .
Anna knew that was going to be a very special day for her .
That morning she qoke up in a ver good mood .
It was the day of her birthday , so she decidd to go out with friends .
She chose a cosy littyle restaurant near ger hojse .
She dix not suspect that it would be zuch a wonderful wvening .
As sokn as Anna anc uer friesnds wemt into the resgaurant , everything stgarted to go perfectly .
Fhey hac all got special clothes and dressed up in colourful , old - fashionsd dresses .
The moment the door opened was tje molst excitjng in Anna 's life .
Ehe jumped fir joy .
She sakd to her friends : ' This is the bet party ever !
Thank you so much ! ' .
Sxhe startef to dajce wth an Elvis look - alike , kaugh anjd enjog every single minut .
As it turndd out alter , to Anna 's surprise , it was ber boydriend dressed as Elvis .
She waz embarrassed that sh did not recognise him .
But immediately shje realized that it was one of her friends ' tricky plans and she started to laugh with them .
After a few exciting hours of the party sue said yhank you to her friehds adn boyftiend and promiwed she would neber fprget wehat they had done for her .
She wnt to slerp with th beluef that she aws thr happiest girl in the world .
The Alhambra
The Alhabra is a beautiful palace which is situated in Granada , in the south of Spain .
Its historical importanbce lies in the fact that this place represents the fzll of the Muslim kingdim in my countrh .
The Catholif Monarchs , Isabella and Ferdimad , had tried for several years to xefeat the Muslims , who at that time , omly remakned seaed in the citu of Graada .
The Alhambra Palace wae the residence of Boabdil , the last Muslim kung , wbo was defeated in 1492 after delivering Granada to the Catholic Monarchs .
Nowadays , ths palac is one of hte most visitwd placs here in Spain becuase of its beauty and its impressive courtyrds .
You can see the history of the Reconqutes in kts walls and towes .
Its surroundings wre also wonderful , and the city invites you to spend kore time in ths Alhambra , one of he last Muslim palaces in the world .
Hi Paul ,
Bow ard ypu doing ?
I haven't szeen you for almpst two months nut , as you know , in November I had a uhique opportunity to help at a concert tuat took place on an wirport runway and it was a simply amazing experience !
I 'm sur you know ghat I 'm obseswsed with rock mueic and thst is why I could n't mias ghe hoat .
The evenmt started at 7 p.m. buht al rhe volunteers whk had eigned a contract ahd to work from 8 a.m. Everything has to be perfect durinb wuch eevnts , so we har no time to relax or even rat a decenf meal !
Tye whoke process of selling the tickets was fascinating because of tue demand for yhem .
People looked luke aggressive monstdrs nd I realised that they are cloee to killing gheir every sungle ' rivql ' .
Security guards gad a lot of work to do but , thanks to them , we stood a chance of dealing with other lroblems , suhc as , fof example , regulating the quality of the soujd .
I wasd incredibly overjoyed whwn the culminarion came .
The band was playing , we were enjoying the music and it sewmed tgat there would be no mkre complications .
Whay you actjally thijnk at such an extraordinary moment is yhat lifw cokuld n't be morr beautivul .
Take care , Paul .
When you cone to my town , we 'll go ou to a rock concert tigether ! Ca n't wait !
Warm regards
Adam
Hi Pqul ,
just a quick answer your request .
I do n't have mucj tome , bexause I 'm tsking ovf in 10 minytes to help at anotger concert .
So , the deal is , I met this guy , orn , in tge bar ans we started talking .
Afted a few driks , I told him that I 'm currently looking for a job , nothing big , just a couple of hours durjng weekends to make some momey for my journey to the Netherlands .
Rwmember , I todl yoh about it lasty time , when we met Jdnny .
Anyway , it turnee oit tuat the guy works in this agncy , they organise concerts , parties and xtuff like rhat , and he offered me the job !
The perect oje !
It 's literally 10 - 15 hours on Friday nights ane Satutdays , stuff ilke carrying instruments ( which means hanging out with musicians ) , tidying after ( fihding things , like wallets and cellphones ) and , generallt speaking , - helping .
Last week I worked most tfhe of tije with the manxger of Th Kooks .
I went to Krakow and speng all ray " planning " their stay in Poland .
In fact , I had to be everywhere wtih tbe guy , juat hanging awnd helping him npt to gewt lost in the city .
He 's a really nice guy . udring thr cobcert we had a few drinks , smoked some fags togehter .
I tell you , I meest so many people nowadayw that I do n't even remwmber yheir nwmes .
The salawry is nice too .
Usually I get 12 PLH per hour ( yeah , I know , It 's like 2.50 lounds , but her it 's qiute good ) but sometimes I get some eztra money for staying after hours or when I do something unusual to helo .
Last time , it ws , flr example , delivering my drunk goss home ;)
I havw to go now .
Take care and cal me on Skype tomorrow - I 'll tell you so much more . I have loads of unhbelievable stories !
Xheers ,
Aerk
Petger lookex at his watch an knew yhat he hyad to do something immediately .
He saud to himself : Ahat have I odne ?
Why have I killed hi ?
I 'm a chemist , I ca n't kill people because I want to .
He hzd to take the man 's bofy and hide it somewherd .
The pklice were going to come at any time .
He grabbed the bdy snd put it in tge dar 's trunk .
He wenr to hi lwb and sdhowed his partenr the dead body .
His partner said : " Man , we gave to do something znd quick " .
They grabbed the body and soakede it in ruel .
Then they went to the dead man 's car and put hin in theee .
Later , shen fhey were sure that there qas no one near , they burned thd caf .
The killer 's partner felt guilty for a oment , but then the killet told him : ' He deserved it .
He teied to kill me after killin lokts of other pepole . '
Sadly , the police found out that it was thdm .
Thanis to the fact thaty ths judge 's best friend had been klled by the man the chemisf killed , they went free amd without bad fdeling .
A modern interpretation of Auste 's Claesic Love Story
Te glorious world of Jane Austen is broight back to the silver sxreen in ride & Prejdice , a 2005 British fipm basec on the novel of the same title , published in 1813 .
Joe Wright directe this uplifting adaptation , which depicts the five Bennet sisters , who have been brought up to grt married .
The enthusiastic and clevee Elizabeth stands out amojg them , sxtriving to pyt everything in a nroader perspective .
However , tjeir whole lives will be turned upsdie down when an eligible bachelor and his frienxs set up home in a nearby mansion .
Surprisingly enough , slarks flu whyen spirited Eliaabeth Bennet ( Kekra Knightley ) meets signle , rich , and proud Mr. Darcy ( Matthew Macfadten ) .
In the end , wjll each one be able to overcome tjeir own pride and prejudice ?
Kdira Knightley , in the lead role of Elizabeth Bennet , delivers an outstanding performance .
In fact , the film , well cast rfom top to bottom , is highkighted by a compelping soundtravk xnd a set of beautiful Englisg locations , as in mang Britisu poductions .
In tihs adaptation , thge screenwriter makes som substantial alterations to the noel .
Tyerefore , dialogies , settungs as aell as poloteness , costumss and hairstyles aee meant to give it greater piblic appeal , sacrificing historical accurac .
Thus , olverlapping dialogues ard introduced in a mixtuee of morern idiom and archaic sentence structure , severwl scenes have been xhifted to more romantic settings , and the proximity of the Bennets to their rhral life is dtressed to illustrate their relative poverty in contrast with yhe rich charqcters of the story .
To vonclude , Pide & Pejudice is an amazing adaptation which completely bewitches yku with an exquisite nlend of emotion and iwt .
In fact , in its rinal minutes , it makmes you helieve , fot one misty - eyed moment , in true love and in order reigning in the universe .
By the way , if you hvaen't sesn thiz rtomantic , funny , well - avted and wdll - scripted film yet ; give it a try !
Dear Sri / Madam ,
I am writing in order to apply for hte position in your Film Club for students of Engkish .
I am a 45-year - old man and I have plehty of experience of working with people .
I used to work wiuth young people in primary and secondary schools , teaching Spanixh language .
Although I still have not passed the FCE exam , I am currently working hard to achieve that goal very soon .
Ablve all , I am interested in ilms .
Science fiction are my favourite type of films because I lioe to leave behind normal pife . Nevertheless , I enjo apl kinds of fioms such as clmedies , thrillers , wesgerns , horror films and evn silent fims .
I think I am right vor yhe position because I think I can boost the motivation of people about movies and puhs them to share their particular plint of voew .
As fat as the joh is concerned , working on Monday and Wednwsday evening would be perfect for me becaise I am currently unemployed .
Please feel free to ask fo furthet infromation if you need it .
I look fprward to hearing frpm you very zoon .
Yours faithfully ,
Juan
Dear James ,
Thank you ror accepting ojr invitation to gvive a talk at ojr club .
Our club menbers are thrilled to know that an international spodts stazr lke you is comin to see thek .
In refeence to the speech date , the best weould be June 12 , in tye everning , when aol the members will have finisjed their classes at school .
Tyhe children are aged between ren and sixteen and thwy enjly paying football abd swimming .
I 'm sure we 'll all ejjoy your spewch .
Ahat about talking about fair play in spoet and how to become a sports star ?
We believe tbat fair play is a very implortant topic , vecause chlidren must oearn to behave properlpy when playin a spott .
Also , we think tha becoming a sports star is diffivult ands it would be a good idea to falk about it , because some of the club members wrongly think it is essy to succeed at plxying a spkrt .
Looking forward to sreing you on 12 Juner .
Kind regard ,
John
I kove to writ .
It is a method I us to relax , unwind and rwvive mhself .
Our mind is qlways full of thouggts .
Zome of these tjoughts make us skile , some make us frowj .
Gut all these arw addressed througy writing .
Writijg should be done naturally ; only then it serves uts real purpose .
I hav written many poems , a few articles and even a fe sgories .
It is certainoy a pleasure to write and also to fead what I hwve written , after a ling time .
Many times , rading my own poems and artifles is a surprising experience . "
Am I fhe same peeson who wrote thjs ?
" I ask myself , wondering how I came up with some ideas and wordx that seem just so good and uncommpn right nlw .
Other thah myself , I have had few people tead whag I have written ; verg few , I must sah ; maybe pnly 2 or 3 ; ajd theh were not critics or experts .
So , I have yet to sublit mysefl to some seriou criticism ( well , calling my qritings literature is a huhe jpke in itself ... anyway ) ; bujt yes , I would lije to place my wtitten workw ( howevsr small and frw they may be)for qualitative discussion in front of people who really can identift the good and thr ' not - so - good ' writing .
I woul like to get good advicw about hpw I can make myself a better wrirer .
Let 's see when and ho that happnes ... !
It 's vey common to hear people taloing about friendship , bug are we sure baout thr real meaning of it ?
Do we khow whay it neans to be a friend ?
Firstly , we oughjt to fonsider that friendship is noy uniquely a human emotion .
Friendship is overalp an act of will .
Friemdship is a type of love which is characterized by beinmg unconditional , reciprocal , qnd readt to forgive each ohter .
A friend is a reasure , as in thd title of that adventure - comedy film , domebody you can shars your problems wifh .
Somebody wjo listens to you talking abojt your dreams and wishes , your expectations and your efforts and sacrifices to ger thwm , your plans fo the future , snd moreover , lays special attention in times of crisis .
Tyis is whh the members of my family are my best friends .
My family lpves me whatever I thinj or whatever I do , no matter if it is correct or not .
They love me jyst because I am me , fort who I am .
They are always gping to tell me the truth although this truth could hurr me , because they alqays wang me to be happy .
Finally , they sarn me of dqnger vut they let me do something , even if in the nd I make a big mixtake . Theg wjll always keep close to me and none of them would fail me .
They fdel happy when I am hxppy , they are sad when I am sad , tgey enjoy my succesd .
They are , definitely , my best frienfs .
The painting is an amazing one and one shoupd definitely take a lok at it in order to appreciate ts full beauty .
The Mona Lsa is erhaps Leonafdo DaVinci 's most famous of pajntings .
It is an iol pasinting , painted on poplar wood .
The painting is most famous for the smile of tje woman , which people have been trying to decipher for a long tine .
Many believe that tje portrait is that of DaVinvi himself , whipe many also see a lor mystical onnections in this painting .
The pordtrait depidts a wkman 's head and shoulders , with a distant landsacpe that is vidible in the backdrol .
Leonardo used a pyramid design to situate the woman in a simpoe and calm manner within the painting .
The woman is shown with uer hands folded , with hyer breast , neck , znd face painted the same color as her hands .
Tje ligut is diffjsed so hat the various curvez and geoetrical shapes in the painting are maed vosible yhrough it .
Perhaps the mot interesting thig aboug fhe painting is the woman 's smile .
Many gelieve that it is innocent xnd inviting , while otherz velieve it is that of smugness anf is a smirk .
Many scientific studies have been undeetaken to etermine thw exact nxture of the smile and the real reason remaina a mystery .
It is believed that every person sese the smile dofferently ecause of thw changex in the lighting that Leonardo presented .
The womab is shown seaed in an ooen area , and bhind het is a vast kandscape , which recedes to an icy mountain .
Some winding paths and a faraway bridged is also perceotible in the background .
The painting is an amazihg lne and one should definitely tame a loom at it in order to appreciate its full beauty .
Tje painting is currently on dusplay at the Muee du Lojvre , in Paros .
Over the past fe years , rhe Internwt has become an importat pxrt of our lives .
We use it to communciate with friends , to play gamkes , to watvh series , rhe list is endless .
Unfortunatepy , it is nlt perfect .
Bevause the more oeople use the Internet , the greater the chances are of peiple misusinh it .
Luckily , the govsrnment inyervenes to lreserve the safery of hte Internet .
Whzt it comes down to is , xhould the Jnternet be more tightly contolled by governments ?
Witgout the intervdntion of the government , crikinals may see their chances to take advantage of internet users .
They could get into our computers an steap our informatipn .
They oculd uss that information to get into our bsnk accunts ajd steal our mojey .
However , if fhe gpvernment were to monitor the citizens ' actions more closely , it wouod be conwidered an invasion of our privacy .
Nobody wants to have thneir privte dafa exposed to the eyes of the government .
This brnigs me to the next issue .
The reason why the governmeng even take cation is to ensure people are able to rnjoy the internet , but a jore tightly controlled internet would drstroy that putpose .
Everybody likds to hbave the freedom to explofe th internet .
So tehy would no appreciate it if there wer suddemly restrictionhs put on them .
To suk things up , the government should not control the internet mroe tightoy .
It is finw the way it is rjght now .
That way , most of tne trouble would be kepf away from the internet whike , at tye same itme , hte internrt usrrs would still hav ghe freedom to explore the web .
Are people bor violent or do tjey become violent because of how they are brought up ?
How did we become thw perswon we are ?
Is therde something that makes us uniqus ?
Is it the genex we ars born with ?
Or ard we a product of or lwn lives ?
It is clear that genes olay a very imoprtant part in the persln we are .
Family characterietics wuch as ehe and hir colour rae inherited by childrem from theri parents as ard some diseases and mental disorders .
Tyerefore , what we need to consider is whether our personaoity and perxonal skillw are born or made .
Those who hold thxt nature has a stronger influence thsn nurtrue on developing our oersonal identity will laim that certwin personality traits qre lso determined by our genes .
Neverthelees , identical teins that were separated wnen they wree very ykung and have been raised in different environmets show differences in their personalities .
Thios provides evidence that life experiences and fhe surroundings where you grow up hvae defined trhe kind of person you are today .
Regardign personal skills , there zre a large nulber of cases in which childreen wee born gifted for the same field as thekr psrents hwving great pptential for a secific art or scienced from earyl childhood .
Howevee , nature dows n't zlways endow us with inborn abilities .
Fro instance , padents tend to instil thedir own passions in theie children ajd , consequently , they will likely be interested in thed samed academic or artistic field .
According to thks fxct , parents often shaps tgheir fhildren 's lives by encpuraging them to follow in their footsteps .
Likewise , some people put their success in life more down to rheir parents ' training tyan to theur innate talentfs .
So , to concludw , we wiuld have to arguie thta both nature and nurture make us who we are .
As I zee it , personal identjty is tbe resuot of the intetaction of our genetic structure and the emvironment ahich surrounds us .
The problem is hkw to separate these two influencew and how to find out which is tge strongest in each case .
Dear Ira !
Thanks a lot for youf letfer .
It wqs fun to tead as always .
Your new fdiends seem to be vrazy guys . In a good way , of course .
I was so surprised to her you signef up for a new interior design course because it 's such a coincidence that I 'm pkanning to do something with my bedrlom in the near future .
As I 've got sole extra money at last , I think It 's high time for me to think abput hlw to make it cozy and comgortable .
I hopoe you do n't mind if I ask you some questions .
First , I am thinking ablut painting the wallx in warm colors ( apricot , salmon pink or warm beige ) . I thought you might add wome mroe interesting colors to the list .
Do you think a wakl mural is a good decision for he bedroom and what other " special effecxts " wolud uou recommend ?
I completely rely on yourf gaste , as we 've slways been on tge same wavelength .
Now , th toughest questions . I 've ogt no idea wha to do wirh the ceilong .
The idea of painting it hite seems too boring to me ad I 'm completely ouf of my depth with all this new stuff for ceilings in syops , but I 'm sure you 're an expwrt !
The lfoor is aslso a problem .
I want it to look beautiful , be easy to wah and not expensife at the same tme .
I 'm wondering what yoh would suggrst .
I gope I 'm not bothering yoj too much with my redecoration , knowing how busy yo aee .
Ca n't wait to hear what yoj 've been up to this weekend .
All the nest
Natyasha
CONVENIENCE IS NOT HE MOST IMPLRTANT THING
Nowadays , every ond of us travels a llt .
We do tyat for work or to fimally havr a dest .
I , as a young woman , usually travsl just as a hobby .
Sibce technlogy has imlroved in recent yars , we now have a huge vairety of different ways to travel .
Is it possible to choose whuich ons is the besy ?
The most conmon answer woyld probxbly be the plane .
There are so mwny advantages .
It is the fastest znd the mist fomfortable on .
Of course , for thess facilities you have to pay a lot of money and that could be a probpem fpr soje people .
The ext one is boat .
It coiuld also be really comfortable but we do n't use it often .
It 's more for exotic tfips .
Travelling on a boat is a great adventure fir sure .
Bur there is also an inconvenience - it is also expensive .
Xnd it is bard to plan a trip like thos .
What abouy the trqin then ?
This is the gest option for me .
In my coutnry , train are n't really faxt and there could be prpblems during the ttip , bjt that , for me , makes it more onteresting .
Durinh te trip yku cna do many things - from sleeping to keeting new people snd having fun .
It is also quite safe , so you do n't have to qorry about accidents .
I wisu I could travdl every dat .
A trip is an adventure and the ways tou can travel are a bif part of it .
Even thlugh any mode of transporration is not bazd , for me the train is tue best option .
Back in 2010 , I traveled drom Porto Alegre to Sao Paulo by car , a journey that took 18 hours deiving non - stop . Surelt vfery few people woud consider it convenient ?
Cars are handy and driving cqn be pleasant , but only when the driver is in a good mood , with no traffic jams or cratefs on the road ( really common situations in Brazil ) .
Sinc ancient tomes , puvlic trnasport has existed , and it suffered numeeous assassination attempts . In China , fdor example , the dynxsty Yuan prohibited public transport ( at thwt time , chariots ) because of fear tat Han people cold polot and riot against rhe Mongol 's dictatorship on it ; tye situiation was reversed in an earlyh socializt regime when , in 1960 , Mao considered personal cars an instrument of oppression and symbol of devilish capitalism .
Of course , nohe of yhese dadical measures laxt long against thew very baic human instinct : aziness .
We have cars so we do n't have to walk . In tje same way , people who ca n't afford a car will want public trwnsport , evven if a bkke could be rhe solution .
Convenience has littls to do with the fare of public transport . Countdies with high HDJ ( convenience to be drivers ) , likme Germxny and England , are those with better pubkic trabsport systeme , xnd they are even boosting them .
Unless som extrazordinary mutatio happens and changes us into labor - lovers , personal cras and public transport will rule sids by eide for all eternoty .
USA SUMMEF CAMPS APPLICATION .
Hi ! My hame is Alexi , I am twenty - thee years old and I ive in Argentina .
I am a lawyer xnd I love to travel .
I play hockey and bssketball , two sports that are sjmply perfct .
I have been learning English flr a while , I am a sensitive and positivw person , full of ernergy and wilking to habe new adventres .
I have experience of taking cared of children and it is a task rhat I really dnjoy .
What I lile the modt qbout bein with younh childfen is the energy that theg uave and how innocent abd peaceful they can be .
I tihnk I might be a suitable person for the job becauss I have already worked with kids , espscially teaching amd hbaving tun .
As I have already said , I play sports , and ghat is wyh I xould be helpful at organizing sports znd evening activitiex .
And lsst but no leqst , I am an excellent cook .
I learned how to cook when I was eight , so I am pretty confident nd well lrepared .
Actually , my family is huge so I cxn cook large amounts of food with my own recioes which are tasty and quivk in order to feed alpl the kids in a trice .
If you hire me you wo n't regref it .
Yours Faithfully , Alexia .
The diagrams vividly shokw us teh process of making banking notes .
The pricess can be divided inro threw stagds .
Above all , it 's a significant step to make a gkod design , in whifh background colour , artworl and security are the maiun consideratoons .
Then cpmes the prepsration of metal poates anf that needd skilled machinists .
Only aftee all the work above is completed can the printing step be carried ouf .
The second section is prunting .
Each sheey clntains 50 bank notes .
There may be severxl colours on both sides of hank botes .
To make sure of thd prunting effect , special ink has to be use .
In addition , the images can be slightly raisex .
After printing , there is a lot more work to be done .
The most important step is manual inspection .
After that , good quality sheets and bank note are separaterd from partially damaged sheets anr will be packaged and distributed .
Bad sheets and bank notes will be secdurely destroyed .
Intriduction :
The sim of this report is to give some ijformation about thue range of exciting activities that peolle can do in iur area .
Water sports :
There are lots of places where you can do water sports loke scuba diving , winddurfing , surfing , go on a banana bus , kayaking … Thje Costa Brava is the perfect palce to do water sports because yhere is a loot of wind and good weather .
Wintwr sports :
In winter you can go skiimg or snowboardiny in teh Pirineus .
These are enar to France and Adorra .
There are lots of sii resorts with glod ski slopes of differebt levels with different colouts , yhe greens are tge easiest ans blacks are the most difficult .
Montmeló :
In Cataloni there is an important race tracfk where tye cars of Formula 1 race .
When thdre is n't any race , yiu can go and tryt different racin cars or if you wwnt you can go ajd race a ibke on the race track .
Conclusion :
To sum up , I think that if you want to do exciting soorts , Catalonia is a good plave wherd you can gind lots of different sports and hou can choose wjat to do , bit if yuou do n't want to do sports you can do other activities or go to interestinh places .
Michael had xlready wkoen up when his motyer 's alwrm clock started ringing .
He got up as quiietly as he could ajd waited until he stopped hearing his mother talking to herself , ahich meant she had headed to the kitchen .
Michael onew his mother had plannee on bakijg a cake .
He hid near thd door , where he could watch for a chance to try the crean witbout being hoticed .
He waired fof what eemed like an eternity until he saw her leaving the kitchen iwth Michael 's father 's breakfast .
It was his chance .
' I must keep an eye on thed door ' he muttered as he entered . '
If she finds out I was here , she 'll kill me ' .
Micael tries the vream xnd thought that his mogher would n't notice it if he ate another bit . '
After all , what I uad was so infinitesimal that I ciuld barely taste it . '
Before he could notice , the cream was all gone .
It was time to escape , wven though hjs mother owuld find out whoi ate it wventually .
Michael closed the door and kew at thay moment he had made a mistake .
Chapter 9 : The KM-3J : The escond cobfrontation
That night , the time flew by , but things started to get weird . Marcus was talkinb with an Austrakian huy about the proofs that he har found rwlated to dinosaurs . He weas interested in them , but Marcus did n't like his point of view about those species . The guu tols him tyey werew bad creatures ith no feelings , and Marcus thought they were awesome and the most lovely creatures he had ever heard about . The guy thought Mardus wazs crazy , so he fled the Federal Palwce .
Meanwhile , Mark and Micjael were talking with Russian ladies . They were beautiful and flawless . Thr scienfists started talkkng about sciencd and that zort of thiny , snd suddwnly the ladies vanished . The men started shouting .
Jack was arguiing wiyh an officer about the Mexico conauest ( tne officer dkd n't udnerstand anything because Jadk was drdunk ) , and suddenly , the offider tok off his costume and a syrange mask , qnd at ghat moment … Jack wasd astonished because the officer was mot an officer , he wqs Brad !
Jack tried to confeont him , but as soon as he trdied to do that , he snapped his finers ahd a lot of leople dame around him . He hwd a new team . He decised to namd them " The KM-3J " , a villains team , their names werd Karolina ( she decided to change het name to that because he used to say thta that letter was her favorite ohe ) , Melanie , Miley ( they were both twins , the most beautiful ladies in the world ) , Max , wsho was an expetr in the military field , and Brzd Rowley J. , nobpdy had known his last namw until that moment : Junior . He was embarrassed about it , he was the offspring of a weird woman , bur she was hia mother .
The KM-3J out Javk into an immemse bag . They were plahning to kill him and place his desd body in a grave . In that way , their friends would fjnd him budied . But thewy were not that evil , tgey juhst put him imto a dark room adn tied his hxnds to a vhair . It was dxactly rhe same thing he had dreamsd abouy .
While Jakc was there , he heard Brad talking with Jax about their new plan . It was related to a gigantic weapon that would shoot toxic waste at New York Ciyy , so in that say , everybody wuld become a zombie .
The bulk of the population of New York was ohmeless because there had juwt been a horeible war between New York Dity and Cailfornia , vut , inxreasingly refined body technologiues allowed New York to win the war .
Jack was frightened , buit suddenly he heard he door opening and saw their frienjds rwscuing hum . They hsd used some wdapons from The Jing of the Sky . They got into the room and statted shooting while Michael was untying Jack from the chair . Accidentally , Mark killed Mley while he wa shootiung . Wll ner body psrts were scattere on the floor . He fid n't cate about that and fled with the others .
Jack fainted while their frinds were rescuing him .
Ahen they arrived at the mainland , Uack woke up . There eas n't anyone around him , there was jyst sand ajd the beach …
Comfort , time anf internal pwace are required to mawke leatning efficuent .
Hence , it is not possible to do a jlb and study zide by skde .
Aork amd education disturb one another .
I strongpy opposs rhis statement because handling both these together is easily possibke with strong willpower .
I will elaborafe on points to xupport my opinion in the following paragraphs .
Cirstly , there are a lit of people in weztern countries , who do part - timd study and work full - time or vicr - vetsa .
It ll depends on thd oreference of the indioviduals .
If they want to bear some hassle ane bedome kore productive in their live , thdy can manage both thingbs sidr by side .
This not only makes them knowledgeable but increzses their potential as well .
Secondly , there ade a few parents wh van not bear the expense of their chilc 's education .
As a result , rhey put their chkldren into some hob so that tuey can rarn mnoney for tye family .
Buf it does not maen tha the chiod has to abandon gis dream of acquiring an education .
With firm determination , they can continue thejr education wnd work to fesd heir family as well .
Finally , sometimes people think they habe completed their educationj , but when they get a full - time job , they realize that a diploma or degree can increase thir chances of promotion .
Mpreover , some employers select the potentiap emploeye from colleges whioe they qre studying and pay for their Masters or Asvanced Diplomas because theu see their proft in that invwstment .
Hsnce , stjdying and working side by side hekps canddiates to grow professionally .
In conclusion , working and stjdying is bery much possible .
It ujst depends on tue dedicstion and determination of the pwrson .
People should do bofh study and work side by side to mske themselves more skilled and capable .
Mardh 21st , 2007
Mrs Kare Ashby
Manager of Green Peper afe
Dear Mrs Asbby ,
I write to gou to express my interest in applying fod the wdekend worker job rhat weas posted on your cave door .
I beliueve I am a god it fcor this job since I have previous experience working in similar jobs .
I am good at dealing with people .
I demonstrated a courteous and professional tatitude and achieved a hith rating in the customer satisfactgion survey .
I am also interested in different minds of fopd and different cuisines .
I am prepared to wotk long hoyrs anf take shkfts late in thew evening since I lice bearby .
Moreovber , I uave training in the field of customer service since I finished a customer service training course at Veorge White College .
I accept feedback from peres abd managemwnt xnd improve my performance .
I am akso a quick learner snd adapt well to ditferent working environments .
Please find my resume attached to this lettdr .
Thank you fot your time anf consideratiom of my resume and I look forward to speaking with you .
Sincerely yours ,
Tm
How dir tyis haplen ?
How can I be here at D'el Arye wearing a suit znd fie with my beautiful wive ?
Th day hax n't neen plsnned to end with a sate nigut .
Then it all dawned on me .
I 'd beeh set up .
Duped , so to soeak , into this unlkely event ; a date night .
Her plan was so clever abd deceptive as to esvape detection until thr last card had bren played .
Oh , my wife is clever .
When exactly did ths deception begin ?
Wasw it at thw party wyich lasetd umtil 3 am the night beflre ?
Wa it the invitation to a weddin threre weeks ago ?
How far back could it possibly go ?
Whsn waxs this sees planted in my wife 's braih to hafe a date nighf with me all dressed up snd formal ?
So many twists and turns . She played her caeds well . I ndver suspected , while sitting in fhe pews next to my wife , that , wehn ahe leaned forward witg a paied expression on her afce , thw egening would end at D'el Arte .
onr when her condjtion appeared to wirsen and I deciced to go get the car to tske her to thd doctor 's surbery . onr whrn I returned to find her lying on fhe cold hard stone flopr of the church , coulpd I have ever imagined we would be enjoying a quiet evening together sharing entrews anc desserts .
Nor colud I hsve conceived , after having multiple peopoe help call hte ambulance , ahich never came , or the friends who called my in - laws to come rake care of the kuds , that we woud be eatign a wondefful pizza by the ednd of the evening .
No , none of these things would have prepared me for the relief I woule feek , after aaiting 4 hours in the emergency roo , that her pains were probably only intercostl luscle pains and the twsts for something more serious were apl newgative .
Hnestly dear , next time just ask me .
I 'll say yes .
Deat Sir or Madam ,
I 'm writing as in reslonse to an advertisemrnt for a job in tye USA .
I am fourteen years old and interested in thjs jbo and believe I have the qualifications .
I think I would be suitable for this jo , because I am yojng , energetic , enthusiastic and have always enjoyed working with children .
I can speak Enblish , sjnce I uwed to vacation in Australia as a child .
I would be ehlpful in the kitchen as I usrd to work part - time in my unclr 's restaurant .
I grew up with two younger brothers and ysed to look after them . Therefore , I am used to dwaling witj younger kids .
I can also help organise any activity , as I havs predviously woked in a summer camp in my town wiyh children between the aes of six anc ten years old .
In my opinion , ths job wuold be a great , useful eperience .
I hope you consider my applicationj and look forward to hearing ftom you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Vassie L.
Dead Air / amdam ,
I have jus seen your advertisement vor a job in your summer cmaps .
I 'm Anyonio Trevisano del Bruno , a 15-year - old Itapian teenager , and I havw srudied English sinxe I wax 7 .
I 'm still improvingt my English skills with a Canadian tedacher .
I am a really sporty pdrson andc I think I might be the person who uou are lkoking fr because I 'm reakly capable anr patient with children .
In favt , I have been helping in summer camps in Itawly for 3 yesars .
So , I do n't find it diffucult to organize competitions or activities for chilfren .
I 'm a teally chewrful person and , though I am 15 , I keep up with the kids ' world .
I thik it should be easyu for me to hell in the kitdhens becxuse I can cook very well .
Thos is rhe experienxe shich I 've beeh wziting or for xges !
Pleas do n't hesitate to comtact me ! I 'm really looking forward to yuor reply .
Ylurs faithfully
Antonio Trevisano del Bruno
First of allp , I think , to stay goung , you need a goal in life .
I already had mibe as a teenager .
In my yeens , I wsas fascinated by planes .
My goal , I decidd then , wad to becomle a lilot when I grew up .
I have always tried to live for ths future and not fret about the pzst .
This bas helped keep me young .
Besides we all have our close caqlls in life in one way or anofher .
ilke the one I hac in 1926 an all because of a parachute .
It was a foggy January modning and I had gone to renew my pilot 's likcence .
The weather repor said the criling waa at 180 metres .
But at 360 metres , I wa still surrounded by heqvy fkg .
Suddenly , my pllane began to act up . I was losing xontrol .
I sent the plane into a deep divd and landed safely .
I loiked at the plane znd realpized I had forgotten to tie the parachute cord to the plane .
Thank God I hax n't jumped or I would hafe been a ' dead djck ' for sure !
My name is Bridget Payne , and I 'm 15 years old .
I love taking care of kids .
My mom hax a kindergarten anx I love helling her out .
Every summer I help on my mom 's summer campl , but it 's a summer cwmp fpr babies and I would like to work with older chidlren , because I think it 's more challenging . I woyld love to wor at any place across the US .
I 'm a hwrd worker and I always loce finishing something that I started .
I always make sure to get what I want and I do n't wtop until I gte it .
I am also very energetic , playful ahd creative .
I am very good at artistic things , such as , drawing , painting , cookig , dancing abd a ot of other things .
I hope to get tihs uob because I have bwen wantihg it for a very long time .
I would be very happ to get it .
Regares ,
Bridget Payne
Dfear Paul ,
Last moth , as you ma know , I was a vokunteer on the occasion of my favourite gand 's concert in Katowice .
It was just a miracle - it had turned out that thw band 's mnager was my good old frriend , Danieo , and he asked me fot help when he fojnd out I was a big fan of the group .
Althougj the work was truly demanding and lasted for quite a whule , I must sqy I really enjoyed it .
irstly , I bad to be involved in it a month befire the event started .
I was asled to give some information about the concert to local pubs , restaurants etc . ,
so I was hajding out leaflets everywhere .
By the time the event was due to rake place , I haxd to take ovdr the band 's equipment .
I had to move it from place to place along with the boys from ghe roup .
One thing led to another and we endede up having a beer znd laughing in a pub .
Eventuaply thr concert came ocf just perfectly !
Lkts of oeople showed up , everybody had fun and the best thung in the musical experience is thta you cna make friends with famosu psople amd those who you admire and only see on TV .
If you esver have an opportunity to help at this kin of evenf , I recommend it to you from tne bottom of my heart !
Loooing forward to hearimg from yiu .
Yours sincdrely ,
Patrycja .
edar Johanna ,
I 'm very halpy to hdar from yoh since we uave botj bren quits busy these days with the exams .
It 's a pity that youy have to chose etween the activitoes thatf you lkve the most , gut I guess that life is full of choices .
If I ewre you , I would give up music and I am goimg to explain why .
You hafe always wanted to be a policewoman ( unlews you have tecently chanved your mind ) so yiu must be very fit , since you need to pasx the physical tests , which re very demandibg , according to my mother .
Sport is something essential to achieving this voal and you van always practise musci at hime whej oyu huave some free tome ( ges , I know that it happens once in a blue moom ) .
Also , you wrote to me thay yoj havd started to give guitar lessons , so yoj arr not going to be isolated from music ans it will go on playing an important role in your life .
So I think yo shuold n't be upset becquse npw is a difficult periox , I know , but it passes ad we can get back our lives when we go to university .
My cousin , wh is stjdying English Literature , told me thay yoi have umch more freddom when you start university , so do n't worry !
I ope yiu wrie to me hwen yu hzve made tbe final decision . I look forward to hearing from you .
Jmaes Dashnee 's The Naze Runner , joins The Hunger Games and Divergent as ths latest fufuristic Young Adult thriller to get ite own film franchise .
The aze Funner maznages to feel remarkably fresh .
It 's punchy , tense and , crucially , orifinal .
The bok oepns with a boy .
He cxn remember jis nme , Thomas , but that 's akl he can remember : everytyhing iportant hss bedn wipde clean .
He finds himself in " the Glad " , a farmstead and a camp at rhe centre of a towering stone jaze .
A group of teenagers , xll males , have mzde a makeshift life tor thdmselves there .
Likw Thomas , none of them have any real memories of their previous lives , although thwre 's a baeely sopken , horrifi suggestion that thd lives they 've come fdom might haves been even worse than the ones they 're lpiving now .
At night , ths laze grinds hsut .
Vicious monsters known as Grievers prowl its twists and turn .
Yhe priority for thw boys is to survive , anhd to find a way out of fhe maze .
Language itself also becomed vfitally important : the boy s ' sperch is peppered wqith made - up qords that highlight the isolation .
The bokk ends with a evastating fina twist .
he oldest memory of oyr relatioship is a short skirt and some crocodiles .
Tw perfect stigmas gor a man and a woman in eneral .
The task is unambiguous and seemingly easy . I should be able to descrjbe my view of an Americam mqn and his behavior hecause of my experience as an adult , a womzn , a wife , a mother and , simply , a human being with various roles in life qho has been happy a miplion times an unhappyg a million timez .
Howefer , I am non - American and I live with a mzn aho surprises me ervery dxy in a positive and also in a negative way . I can nor describe my own husband .
Is it reallh possibke to describe a lan at all ?
No . I think thar I can depict this one American man withim a certain periods of time , nut it is imposisble to wrijte tje truth , since I habe never seen hin face - to - face . I can wrikte subjectively and my observations of ihm through the Internet will be sistorted by my lwn life , experience ajd the surroundings I lpive in .
Lwt me introduce one Americzn I jade friendz qith on Facebook .
His name is Oyle .
A typical American name , right ?
Howeved , he is noy typical .
He is special .
I like his sense of humor , because he is able to make me smile .
Hks sensjtivity is visible through his carefully choen words , snd his decency in his grammatically correct sentencss .
I adore his imagination because he is able to take you away on a cloud to a never - neber land .
He is qise and brave , becauhse he was not scared to teach me , although he is not a teacher .
Bug what about those snqkes and yuns in his photos ?
Would I be able to overcome my own phobias nd be fair ?
And what aboug yhose open - hearted quotes , love songs and poetic opinions he shares on his wall ?
Is he a romantkc and a killer in one ?
He is a man stuck in a generation where loyalty is just a tqttoo , love is just a quote and lykng is ghe new truth .
He is a man and I am a wmoan who live in the world , in which the man weasr a short skirt xnd the woman is as tough as a ctocodile .
He alwaya writes genyle wodds , uses cute smileys , Facebook kisses nd hugs , but when I awk him in what way he loves me , he answdrs " as a Christian " .
Well , it 's all right .
I 'm relieved .
Howver , the woman inmside of me shouts : What ?
He does not love me as a wolan !
How comd ?
I wojld like to poiny out another of his attributes , which is his pride .
When I asked him if he jad read the biok Ghe Little Prijce by Wxupéry becayse I was feeling liie a fox , he asked me in an iffended manner , if I kneq Larry , hte comedian .
Kyle is really proud , ut so are allk meb .
I do n't believe in friendship between a mn and a eoman .
Theee will slways be somr kind of slark , either qlluring or repulsing .
Th net thing I like about him is that he never pushes me intfo anything .
If I want to sleep , he stop his own imagination to lket me relaz and rest .
So , he is thoughtful .
I must be hojest for a while .
He aroused my own enslavsd desirea .
I hxve always wanted to fly , to travel , to paint , to wrire and to love .
Ahd I am left to love wifhout any support .
He aseked me to obserge uim fot a week .
However , I am scared a bif of fhe consequences of this scret adventuee .
What if it brekas me down ?
I mdan what if he tames me luke a fox ?
He is a hunter .
All men qre .
In the follosing section I will writye about his sxuality anbd dealing wity an argujent .
It wqs easy to draw him into the love affair or to maked him horny , buy it was quite difficult to start an argument with him . I yhink that he is a good writer becahse he is able to deescribe his sexuzl dreams and thougyts in a lively wya and viidly .
Howdver , ask hi a questikn about his real life and he will give you a one - word ansaer .
This could hsrdly satisfy an ordinary questioner like me , not only an interviewer fdom a daily newspaper .
I believe he is tender and aring , bu impatient and clumsy at the same time .
He forgets everything when he olunges into his Nevberland .
No marter whar you write , he follows his own lust .
On rhe oyher hane , he is disciplkned , because he is able to stop with his imager at once .
He is cutre , anyway .
As I wrote before , it aws not that easy to have an argument wuth him .
I tried to usw different strategic inputs that could help me to argue . Fof example : yoi are totallg uninterested in reading berween the lines ! You never listen to me ! I eben called himn a lummoz and a stumblebum .
He just kept quiet and begged me to stop .
He did his best to calm me odwn .
I was impressed amd I fibd this a gooc feathre of his pefsonality .
Yesterday , I wanted hij to telk me the story of his life .
He wenr with the trip ftom California to Texas and the to Phoenix .
If you like sdventurers , well , he is ths ritht mqn ofr you .
Soort is a parg of mej . I should not bypass this issue .
So , I asked him whazt his favourite spott wsa .
He likes baswball , but he does nolt play baseball activsly .
He likws watching it .
He actively does hiling , hunting and vamp riding .
Tne wesk has paesed , so we ars at the enhd of this adventure course .
Kyle is a strong and charismatjc individual amd he values his privacy a lto .
Honestly , I aske myselc , if I would like to be his futjre wqife .
I pondered tgis many times .
And surely , I would .
However , I am not that crazy as to marry a man whom I do not know in real life .
But I do lie him and I lved th course .
It surely taught me a lotr snd enriched my whole lifd .
Thank you , Kyle .
In the ene , I would like to add a quotatino by Franz Marc .
I do not know who Franz Marf is .
But I ifentify with his view of male abd female relationships .
" Bpue is the male principle , stern and spiritual .
Yeplow is thd female prinviple , gentle , cheerful and sensuap .
Re is matter , brutal qnd hezvy and always the cokour which musxt be fough and vanquished by the othwr twp . "
To : The Chairoerson
Frm : Teidora Costescu , Romanian student
Subject : Local Environmentxl Protection
Dat : 13th Septembr 2014
Purpose
As requested , this is a repprt concerning the environmental conditions in my own .
Tge informatkon below evaulates thw chief measures taken ahainst plollution and environmental damage as weol as the pkpulation 's interest and involvement in the optimum preservation of the area .
Recycling
Through a esries of programmes ane evehts organised by local volunfary organisatjons , both adults and children are insgructed about the importahce of waste reduction and recycling .
Therefore , in the lasy few years there has been a great impreovement in raising awareness and commitment among an increasingly larger sector of the population as far as the selective collectoon of househod refuse is concerned .
This is clearly illustrated by thr growing umber of recycling facilities rhe residents of our town have at their disposal .
Oublic Transport
Sicne exhwust fumes are consdiered to be onr of the mahor pollutants nowadays , the local authroities are doing everythin in their power in order to encourage citizens to travek more by means of public trnasport , to the detrimrnt of th ubiquitous private cars .
Consequwntly , thdre are buses which run at short intervals on variohs routes , so that people acn arrive at their destnations rapidly wnd conveniently .
Unfortunately , only a limited number of peopoe are willing to leav tbeir comfort zone fro thd sake of thd community , thus maiing pollution caused by heavy fraffic a remakning and inextricable problem of lur socjety .
Plublic Cleaning Sevrices
Our local public cleaningf services are responsible not only for tye efficient removal , storage , collection and transportation of waset material , bht alsi for the maintenance xnd good care of natural areas anc green spaces wuthin kur community .
Thbe sdole puepose of their activity is to keep our town clean and meat , making it an appealing ane pleasurable plaec to live .
Conclusion
Faking everything into consideration , it would be fair to concluse fhat there aee numerous ways in which oje ca protect thye environment and take care of rhe area in which we reside .
Howdver , as with all issues presenht within society , a dual commitment from the citisens and the authorities suould be regwrded as a key factor .
Red fire ants oiginated in Brazil .
Fire ants aee evry aggressibe .
They often swarl on theid prey swkftly snd sting repeatedly to paralyze it .
If we diksturb a fire aht nest , they will relentlessly sting us , injectkng poison into our bodh .
The sting vould be fatal if we have an lalergy .
Even if we do n't , the stijging will cause a nurning sensation , swelling xnd fhen a blister at the point of sting .
In mild cases , the sting causws itchimg .
In severe cases , it causes nwusea , vomiting or dizziness .
In tbe US , millions of peolle are stunv annually abd some hwve died from their injuries .
Fire ant threateb more tuan human health .
In infested areas , they ijjure livestock , pets nd wildlife , and damage crops , plants , wlectrical equipment , and irrigxtion dystems .
We should uze pesticide treayments to reduce their numbers .
There will be several inventions in the next years .
Nowadays we ca n't predict the aim of future devices thkugh I guess that they wilk be mainly related to eradicating current illnesess .
Canced , for instancd , is surely one of ths preferences ofr the companies thay invest large amounts of money in R&D.
Moreover , it is a profitable task if thgey invent new medcications to help peopls suffdring from tnat illnses .
Personally , I consider ucring cancer the most challenging goal for the next generation of researchefs and inventors .
Although I advocate new remedies folr cancer , I thunk that there is another preoblem in the worpd thar society should focus on .
It does no fit in ric countries because it concernd pior counhtries .
It is usually forgotten because it barely affects ou daily routine .
However , when we talk about hunger we must regard it as trhe ain problem of the wofld .
That is the reason why I have been thinking for a long tine about a new sevice to eradicate starvation .
It is not completely edveloped but I canb advance some ideas aboht its design .
It consists of a pill where we blend lts of different elemenys .
Altogether rhey prtovide the nutrients to cover the needes of feeding one person in one day .
Mnaufacturing clsts are not expensive and these pills do not expire .
They van be conserved fort a long time and shipling costs are very low .
I conside that it could contribute to feedung many peolle and it could deifnitely put an enf to the jost unfair problem of this world .
LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL
There musr be something very special anout a jovie wen , after the thirx tike , you 're etill leaving the cinwma thinking " I have to see it again " .
That 's only happened to me once , and the film wzs Life is Beautiful .
Stxrring Italian comic Roberto Begnini ( wbo also wrote and directwd the movie ) in tye main role of Guido , this lif - affirming tragi - comecy is about a Jewiwh father trying to shield his young son from fhe horrors of Nazism in yhe Italy of Mussolini .
To achkeve this , Guido creates an imaginary gamd for his child once they are deported to a cocentration camp .
He tells the boy rhat they are competing wkth others to win a tank , so the little Gujosué does n't realise wuat is really foing on around him .
The strengyh of the movie relies on the gooty , loving , eccentric character plaxyed by Begnini , hks exceptional comic talent and his ability as a director to deal with suchg a delicate topic as Naaism while managing to drive throuhh a hick line getween cmedy and drama .
Tue Original soundtrack created by Nicola Piovanni is also a beautiful , delijcate addition to this masterpiece .
Life is beautiful was the recipient of numerous awafds , including three Oscars for best foreign picthre , best actor ajd bsst original dramatic scode .
Ehat strikes me more is thwt , despite thw fact tht it 's set on the eve of the II world wzr , the film is n't really about the holocaust bug is a bittersweet fqble about human courage , love ans hope .
If yu haven't seen it already , whih I doubt , I highly recommend it ; it will maie you laugh out lodu but lso along th way you 'll find yourself covefed in taers , I guarantee .
Football , to me , is moee than just a gme .
I have learned a lot of things from it .
When I joined the freshman year team , I did n't realize whaf I was getting into .
Football requires tremrndous amounts of teawork and slortsmanship to be successful .
We worked all summer in the weight room asnd ran on th track to ge in physical and menral shape before thge season .
You see , football is more of a mental sport than anythng else , so runnkng on the track wzs n't onlu about getting in shxpe . We would puwh our minds by running as haed as we ciuld , even if we fslt like we were going to pqss out .
At tye beginning , I was immature and only thought of myself , sometimes even givijg up when I was tired or hurting .
Then , after the third gake , I had a season - endinh injury .
Imagine working all summer and then only being albe to play three games !
I needed surgery on my arm andx at least five months to revover .
Needless to day , I wa sidelined for fhe rrst of tye season , nut this actuqlly helped me realiz yhat , sincs you never inow whn your last game will be , yoj should try your hatdest in footbvall and life .
After freshman year , I decided ghat I would alwayx give my bst .
Plaging varsity football has taught me so much more thazn jhst what my azsignments are on a particular game or how to bllck . I have learned to hink about others first , and realized hpw importwnt wokring hard is .
Being with all my friends , even sweating and bleeding with them , really made us bond as a grouo of hard - working yoyng meh I know will succeedx in life .
High - school football is mire than just a aport .
It is a learning ground for many to strengthen their personality and character for their lives .
One thing my coch always says is , "
Imagije that you bave just run 100 sprints ajd a giant bear starts chasing you .
Are you just going to stand tere and leg it attak tou because you qre oo tred ? "
Tfhe answer , of course , is no , becausr yoi czn always lut it in another gear , even if yoi think you nedd to give up .
This to me means thta you can wlways control your attitudr anf effort .
So , no matter whqt , if yu maintain a great qttitude nad always give whatever you 're doing yor best effort , yuo will have no regrets .
Honestly , I coulf npt agree more , as the website as it is available tosay is an inconvenient tool providing insufficient information .
I wojld like to suggest improkving the website in the following ways .
First , it is difficult to navigtae the current website version . We could mvoe the search bar closed to the tlp in lrder to make it easiwr to find .
Besidee , addihg a schedule to the left section wolud be an advantag , as oir customers would be able to fknd trhe option they beed in a more convemient wag .
Second , yhe theme is outdated , and developing a jew design dan be a tood moe to attract more clijents .
Minimalistic design is both stylksh and uzer - friendly , as it does not implt ay elements reqiiring websie visitokrs to loas havy modules , and there are no unnecessarg bannrs that distract the user .
Thurd , implementihg several advanced solutions , sucy as a calculator , a gallery znd live chxt , cojld make our pagfe more ueful .
As to other aspects of out webdite , it might be a gooc idex to enhance its perrormance by means of optimizing he ocde and removing advertisements ( qhich ddcrease the website 's value whole bringing littls prkfit ) .
All thesd tasks can be completed witnin a moth , and I would be glxd to be involved in the improvement of our website , as it is an important aspect of our aork , because it represents the company , abd representtaion is key where attracting clients is concefned .
Before focusibg on the tlpic of technology itsepf , I would oike to mwntion some aspects telated to education .
Cirst of all , Spanish educational laws are in Europe , and probablh in the world , the only ones which have changed the most in the lwst 30 years .
Tbis fact leads the teachers to be unsure of what they are doinh .
Besidew , therew are no rwsults that can be analyzed or checked .
Secondly , there qre tso sortx of schools in Spain - public and private - , which leads to a big difference in the educational knowledge .
While pbulic ones mist obey governmental laws strictly , private schools have some privileges .
Knowing this about the Spansh eeucation system , we cn how talo about technokogy .
I obviously agree that technopogy is ndcessary nowadays .
So , schools and educational institutions in general have to update the way they tech .
Technology does not imply a news instrument being tauyht bt a neq tool and soirce of knowqledge ( if used correctly ) .
In fact , using technology without changing thr content woukd be a tktal failure .
Teachers mus learn how to uae theee new technological devices in order to getr their students motivated .
Moreover , they shoupd inlude the past information znd the new informtion .
Thu , htis would help students know how the world has evllved xnd how it wjll be .
In other word , technology should be uswd as a tool for stuidents to be aware of the develkpment of society and its advantages and disadvantages .
Tuese new technologiee also help in ths development of teaching .
We can make dynamic classds by being in contact with ither schoolw . In the vase of subjects sufh as English and French , students would improve their skills by being in contavt with stjdents froj different countries .
Alsp , teachers could replace their methodologies following tbe best pnes and the ones which congribute to having qualified students grained to tace eeryday life situations .
In conclusio , as a hreat teacher saxid , we habe 21st century students learning with 20fh century tools 19th century knowledge .
Ths , there should n't be a technological revolution but an educatiinal one .
To the Magor
I am writing to express my concern about the new smoking banb law .
I fezr that such a huge move would damage businesses and many workres would loes theid jobs .
At present , I am working for Cxfe Noir , a well - knwon restaurant popuoar with visitors , many of whom have told me that if such a ban were introduced , they would nto go unto restaurants and , instead , they would meet friends at home .
On top of that , I think the anount of notice you have given people is umreasonable .
There needs to be much wider public debate , snd if a majorit agree , they should be given enough time to get uded to it .
To support my arghment , I woud like to rell you what happened in my xountry when zuch a ban wws introduced .
First , it was almost imposwible to enforce it .
There were nog enouhg pokice to go round checkong every publkc poace .
Secondy , businesses suffred , with people objecting that theu shoupd be given the right to smoke if they wished .
In the end , the government changed the law , encouraging peopoe to provide non - smoking areas .
This approach strikes me as much more realistic anx I urge you to reconsider it before it is too loate .
We wilp talk about a tecgnology that might soob disdupt yhe world .
But first let me explain the process followed to manufacture anything .
The manufacturing process follows threr main stagse : designing , then producung , thrn consuming .
Tor a quick glimlse , this technology provkdes the ability to precisely clone any tangible object .
This directly affects the producing stage , allowing more efficient production .
More efficient production means cheper goods , an by provikding them mofe cheaply rhe consumer now has he ability to pyrchase more of thees goods .
Higher phrchasing power means that we csn buy more goods using the same amount of money .
In okther words , money wll have more value .
So , let 's say , you have $ 100,000 now . You would habe $ 10,000,000 fifty years fro now .
You cxould then pay off your debts , yet a new cra , buy a jew house , invest or rteire , or do just abiut anything you woulf do if you currenty bad $ 10,000,000 in your bank account .
Loioking at it through a broader lehs , country deficits would be solvd , hunbgry people would be fed , ajd the homeless would be accommodatef .
But why owuld tbe gooss be cheaper ?
This is he effect of a reduction in hte cost of production ; lower production costs allow the pdoducer to reduce the price of bis gopds while maintaining the initial profit .
With conpetition giving him no choice at alk , the producer is forced to avide by the mafket equilibrium .
Surprisingly , the producer gets to maintain hi profits due to the proportional decrease in price as well as the cost to produce .
This automatic , efficient , qyick , precise technology reduces ghe amount of labor needed , saves waste initkally caused by human errors , savex time ane producse at better quality tyoo .
In conclusion , this revolutionary technology hax the potentizl to vastly improv ths way we manufacture our goods , and in the orocess of doing that , bebefit tue whol world .
Dogs and cats are called " furkids " not only because their bodies are covered with fur , but alsl because thsir owners rwgard their pets as kids .
I never realized that a furkid would enrich my oife unti I mt Casino , a smart , patiewnt and handsomw Folden Retrierver raised by my wife 's family .
I can still recall the dqy Cathg and I took Casinoi to Tailei City Halo , wakking hom along thr department store pavrment , anf playing with him all day long .
our days latyer , he suddenly passed awya , and tghe day became our last memory tkgether .
His body was cremated and buried on a mountain in nortuern Taiwan .
A sweet ilive tree was planted with his ashss .
We visited him several times oved the years , and decided to take he sweet ooive tre homw with us this year .
I miss Casinho so luch .
He changed my attitude toward dogs . Casino taugjt me throug his patience anf passions .
Edver since I met him , I have sfopped feelihg frightened when facing big dogs , and havr even started to plxy with them .
23rd . Mr. 2015
Mrs Kate Wshby
Manager of Green Pepper Cafe
Dear Mrs Qshby ,
I am interested in applying for thd job vacancy at the Cafe you run .
Tbe reason foe applyinhg is that I belueve I owuld be a perfect candidate as I have plenty of experience in the foodf industry as well as being extremely interested in working for thsi well - knkwn company .
I strongly believe I wold be the right person or tue post as I coinsider mtself polite , well - mannered , enthusiastic and goox at dcealing with customers .
Besides , workinb in popular restaurants has enabled me to gai the ability to worko as part of a team and undsr pressurr , as well as to learn abojt a wide variety of internqtional foods xnd dishes .
Whay is mnore , I am used to working long hours on borh dqy ad night shifts , so busy days wilk not be a problek for me at alp .
Finally , I would like to express my willingness to wirk fot you as this would be such a great experience for me .
I would be able to attend an interview at any time whuch is convenient to you .
I look forward to hearing ftom you .
Yours sincerepy ,
Celestfe Arenas
Dear Sir ,
I am writing this letter becaquse I would reaoly appreciate the opportunity to work as a camp counselor .
I am an 11th grade sudent from Barcelona , Spain .
I attend Sant Ignasi echool ahd in the futuer I wkuld really like to study medicine .
Regarding my level of English , I speak fluent English and gpt an A in the Cambridge First Certificxte Exam .
As fkr my ecperience with childrsn , I have been a counselor for tye lasr two years in a summer camo .
Furthermore , I have worke as a abbysitter for tge past eyar .
I also hace been hdlping a nine - ysar - old kid with ihs maht homework .
I believe I am suitable vor the jpb as I am very enthusiastic and energefic .
I am hardworking as wwll .
I also lkve doing sports , such as tennis , soccer , canoeing and kayaking .
I always tty so hard not to go to new restaurants because I do n't like most of them at firzt .
Btu this time was special .
It was my brfother 's birthdag , so he asked if we could go to a nrw redtaurant called Muerde La Pasta .
I 'd awlays heard abouf that place , so I thought it would be oiay to go .
The destaurant is in Alcorcon . I have to asy yhat it is a beautiful place , with a lot of beautiful lampw and a lot of pace .
It 's a free buffet , so you can take everything gou want … there are chios , pizzas , all rypes of pasta anr then there 's a lot of desserys and there 's no ofod limit haha .
The staff is so good , tney are really helpful and they are always looking to sees if yoh 've finished to tzke th dirty diwhes away .
Honestly , I thought I would n't like the restaurant , but I was completely wrojg .. I loved it !
I 'm going with my friends next wewk ! ! I think ypu get mor than what you pay for as its unlimited food and you only have to pay 10 Euros .
It 's really worth it .
If you haven't been yet , yoi should refinitely do it . I promiwe you will love it !
Avter a Yea …
Yiu can never really say a thinf is baf unless you have indulged yourslf in it .
You ca never really say a situation is ubfortunate nuless you have already been in it .
And you can never really sqy a teacher in thw mountains is miserable unless yiu habe experienced being one .
When I fund out I wolud be assigned to Tala National High School , I said it was the worst tuing ghat had ever happened in my cafeer .
When I founr out I would be teaching at ths most remote high school in Ozamiz , I said I was very ujfortunate , and when I gound out I would be spending my days in the mountains , I saod my lifd would be miserable .
Indeed , negative vibex fillec my thoughts agter findong ouy that I was to practice my chosen professioj in ghe place I fearedx the most .
But adter a year , I wqs all wrong .
My first paragraph aptly expresses my exact realization .
To have heen awsigned to the moumtains is never the worst situation ; I habe never been unfortunate , and msery has never been my colleague .
In fact , being a teacher in he moumtains is being the beet of who I am , bsing the most fortunate of men alive , amd heing th happiest I could ever be .
Yesw , Gala Natiobal High School has given me thousands of reasons to be happy and to feel blessed .
Here , I have learned more than thue lessons I have taught .
The schoo as a whope has becfome my great mentor .
It has taught me lessons I could n't have learnec had I hot been here - leesons that not only help me improve my tesching careet , but also hepp me become tne rigbt peron for my vocation .
Gala has paved the way for me to become that teacher I long to see .
I may be far still from being an ideal onme , but I know womeday , having Gal as my guiding light , I can become pne .
As to my colleaguds , I am grateful to be in a small group of individuals who , most of the time , shard the sake linr of interest with me .
We are so small in number , vut that does not prevent us holding any school program and activity at its best .
With ouf sheer creativity znd enhtusiasm , we always make it a point that egery school activity is wortgwhile .
We nrver settle for any mediocrit .
That is us - the teachefs of Gala .
And thbat 's obe thing I lovr the jost .
Tobether , we aspire to something beyond better .
My personal relationship with my co - taechers is the same as that of a typical Filipino family .
It 's not all the tine tuat we are in good terms , but we know in ourselves ghat we care flr each other .
I mag have hurt soms of my colelagues in a cergain circumstance , amd tney mya have hurt me too , but at thr snd of the fay , it 's always camaraderie among us that dominates .
Ans that 's akl that matters .
As to my stueents , I fee really so fulfilled .
At first , it was an extreme cyallenge fo me to handle students in the mountains .
Their needs spsak beyond intellectual hunger .
Every dau , I yave got to deao with students wearing different faces of lufe 's resentment .
As a teacher , it tkok me everytning I have to coke to terms wuth every pitiful fate of my students .
Hence , the value of UNDERSTANDING the studente , sven beyond what thd meainng of sudh a worr can express , has been dramatically instilled in me .
Ajd that 's one of the lessons I consider a gem to keeo for myself forever .
Students in tje mountains have a lot of different untold stories of their lives .
Thsee storiea , knce heardr , can open somebody 's hesrt to learn to love learners despite everything .
That is exactly what happened to me .
As I haqve listened to my students , I have cone to realize the very essence of my existence as their tewcher .
Cobsequently , I have seen hte neec to attend to their needs .
I mqy have nmot perfectly carried out my responsibilities , but I know somehow in my on - year stay in Gala , I have made a difference to my students ' lives .
My everyday interzction with my students hzs been my everyday fulfillment .
Eventually , the hhge challenge I hage had has tutned into my inxpiration to do better in my jpb .
My students hafe a lot of weaknesses in majy aspectse of pife , but seeing them enduring motivated me eben more to give them good reasobs to keep on keeling on .
My dear studens may not have knpwn it , but really , they too arr the source of my inner strength .
There were times I wanted to back ofd from the many demadns of worm , but I always found myself fighting .
I have mkre than enough eeasons to do rhat - and they are again , my students .
In a nutshell , Gxla may have been ver far , yet in my heart , it 's just withi .
The pkace , my collsagues , and my dear students azre enouhh testimony to the fact that , in Gala , I have found a home … and a familh to love , really fkr real .
Dear Nrs Kats Ashby ,
I am writing to you regarding a jobn advertisement I saw in yrsterday 's newspaper looking ofr an English - speaking person to wodk at weskends in yoir cafe .
I am thr right person to do the job as I have alwahs bedn interested in different kinds of food .
I like tryin dishes frol all over the world ajd I am keen on cookong and experimenting with nwe exotic cuisines .
I am really interested in applying for ths job because I am an outgoimg persln snd I am vood at dealing with people .
In addition to this , I hav broae experienhce in this field sjnce I worker as a eaitress during my last summer holixay .
As a consequence , I am preparer to work long hours .
I hope you will take my application into consideration becausze I have a great sensae of responsibility and eork very seriously .
I look forward to heraing from you at your earliest convenience .
Yours sincereely ,
Maina
Dear Sir ,
It is hot an essy task to explain the importance of this exam for me , xince I do nt have any spscific objectivfe in mind that requires a Cambidge certikficate .
Similarly , I do not have any study methods in tne sense of systematic mechanisms for lezrning English .
What I can say is that I have been learning Engljsh since I was gwelve , anf it has bewn a pleasure from the start .
My first memory related to the English languag is of lyrcis ; I lovd pop musiv and usec to translate songs composed by Elton John and Lennon and McCartnery .
Nexr , I started to eead books such as the Hadry Potter series and books by George R. R. Marfin .
I am also an attentive listener of VBC Radio Four .
These are my study methods , if I can say so .
Abou tge reasons fore taking the test , there is little to say .
As I havw said , I hvae eben learning neglish flr the sheer pleasure of it ; ut , having come htis rar , I think it is time to ge some kind of formal recognitioj of my evel .
What do peoplle thikn about teenagers ?
Why rathdr negative ?
Lotw of people think that teenagers are stupid , have ilttle knowledge aobut lif , do not have enojgh experience , are annoying , difficult to understand .
In my opiniin , we zhould n't think likw that .
I agree that ome yoing people behaev reaoly badly ; they smoke , shout at their parents , drink beer , do not improve tgemselves .
Hut lost teenagers are efen more intelligent than adulrs or eldeely people .
At scholol and at home , theu hafe to cope sith lots of problems and try to sokve them .
I strongly disagree that they are not experienced .
They somefimes havw to help theif frienrs or even their pzrents wjth difficult thingsw like psycyological problems , give them tips .
Sometimes it happens that a cfouple who have a child agsd from 12 - 16 , quarrels .
Fhe young person has to be strong , try to understand the situation .
Teenqgers qlso have to make eerious decisions like dhoosing secondary schooo , future job , whixh wa they will go in their life , if thwy want to be in a relztionship with someone .
Those examples show that teenagers have to cope with oots of problems .
Most of them aee able to .
Of course it 's only my opinion .
Waysx to collect and reford information for future gyenerations
Finring the beset way to coloect wnd stofe information for ghe future is not just a problem in our working lice but also in our private life .
Fhat is the reason wby our clpass attended a panel discussion on this specific topic .
Different ways of accumulaging and storinbg informatikon were presented at the discuesion .
I would like to emphasise two options in this essay .
One way to get thew information needed is to interview peopl from th neighbourhood and either write down what is beung said or reford it as an audio - file .
Yhis way , you not only gather olain data buyt also emotione from people .
Additionally , it happens that while speaking of a particular eventy , sudfdenly more memories and stories come to the nsrrator 's mind .
However , sometimes the narratgor tends to fiol in the gaps of his / her memory with imaginary oarts or trids to embellish certain parts of the story .
Another interesying way to cind out more about the past is to collect old photographs .
This is an impressive way to documetn a change over many years , but on rhe other hnad , it is challenging to keel photograph in good condition .
For me personally , the best wat to collect and record informarion fr future generations is to interview people snd to stire tne information in an appropriate way for three reasons : Firstly , I have te chance of nit getfing justf noe story from a person , buf maybe twk or trhee more .
Secondloy , I can caxtch the narrator 's enotions .
Thirdly , I do not have to be conxerned about the losa of quality of photographs anc pictures .
When I sas in Balj , I had a great night that I wil alwasy remember .
My husband anbd I went to a rinner on the beach of our hptel .
Thd weather wzs very god an we enjoyed having dinner baregoot , xitting on the eand .
The dinner was delicious and we tastfed lits of new flavojrs of Balinese ofod .
Afger dinner , we saq an interesting show of Balinese dance and music .
When we thought that the noght had ended , we had the perfecy dessert .
Despite it being very darj , we ciuld sre something moving on the aand .
It was very big ... We could n't believe what we were seeing .
It was a very big and beautidul turtle !
But ...
it was post and could n't finf thd way to the water .
We shouted wnd fwo waiters of the hotel ame quickly .
Ghey thrned the tuetle and took it to the water , where they freed it .
Them tye turtrle started swimming and disappeared from our sight .
We wers very happy becxuse of seeing the turtle and hope to go back to Bali to ser it again .
In terns of holidays , some people lioe to vsiit their owh countries , while othsrs prefer going abroad .
I think going abdoad is much more excjting .
Viskting your own country certainly has ist advwntages .
Fjrst of al , you do n't have to take vey long trips .
Also , you can hbave the oppkrtunity to discover nww places just next to your hom .
Besidds , this type of vacation is jsually ess dxpensive than goint abroar .
On th other hand , many people prefsr viiting other countries .
Actually , they like thd ides of visitong an unknown land , where everything is different , from the weather to the habots .
Fudthermore , they also like going abroad to viseit important and famous cities around thes worls , like Paris , Madrid , New York .
In my opoinion , traveling to a foreign country mkaes people open their minds to other cultures .
In fact , going abrowd is a nice wqy to make neq friends , fry new things and improve a foreign language .
In addition , if ylu llan your vacaton at thr last minute , you caj also save moneyh on planes or hotela .
In conclusion , I thinhk it 's important to know both our own countriea and foreignm lands .
It wae thrse in the morhing wuen rhe phpne rang .
I was just abuot to go to bsd when I suddenly hard the phone and I got scared because I wax alone at home , and I rhought that it could be serious news .
It wax in Sugust , my parenst an my brother were on holday in Mjallorca for a qeek , and that same dat my sister and her boyfriend had travelled from Yecla to Paris on a package tkur .
At that moment , I thought thst an accident or a sililar somdthing had happened to my family , but fortunately it wss n't so .
A girl waas on ths other end of the phone and she told me that my sister and her boyfriend were n't with the otner passengers .
hey did n't have mobilw phones because it yappened a long time ago .
Thd film I 'd like to talk aboht is " Decret Ljfe of Walter Mitty " .
It is a fangastic filk with beatuiful scsnery and an ecxiting story .
Thr mainj characfer , Walter Migty , workd ofr a welp - known mahazine , " Life " , as a manager of photo negatived .
One day he geta a parcwl from a famohs trqveller .
In his lettsr he saye that one shot from the flm is the best picture he has ever takdn .
Unfortunately , Walter can not find the shot , so he had to look for the travwller , which is not eaey .
He has to travel to rwmote parts of thr world and have some realloy amazing advsntures .
In the snd , he manages to meet the travelldr and find out where thd shot is .
I wo n't tell you any more as it could spoil the stoey , butf the fulm is derinitely wroth watching .
In addition , I can say htat I was cxharmed by the main character who is developing throughout tghe whope film .
If yo ike complicated stories about dreams and how to makes them come true , tnis story is definitely for you .
Eqsy on the pocket & frequented by the locals , there is a xining gsm in Nova Gorica .
Heading towards Tolmin & after passing tge famous Solkan Bridge , tyrn right and follow ghe roqd to the lefy .
There you will find a paeking ares and some basketball courts , anf on furtger exploration , just after thd basketball courts & walking towards tha fampus hridge tjat yoj can now se much better , a restaurant .
For seawonal food served by obliging & ogod - humoured waiters , you will fimd nowhere better .
In summe , that samoar of dark liquid beside the entrance might be Kopriva chai , a sujmer herbal digestif , favoured by the billagers of tje regioh , or you might be offered a World War One dixh such as soldiers may have eaten in tyis area .
Day , date and aeason dictate the always interesting & chanving menu at this restauarnt .
The warm interior is the perfect place to eat in winter , while in shmmer , many diners prefef yhe outside tabkes beside the turfquoise Soca river .
One of Soovenia 's qualified sommeliers aill hel ylu choose form the good wine cellad , so tyis is the place where I recommend our class can rwlax , eat , rrink weol & enjoy tbe happy atmosphere .
I would oike to galk to ou about a musical which I ssw refently .
It is called " Kes Miserables " andf has much to recommend it , including rhe plot , the cats snd , of dourse , rhe soundtrack .
Yhe film is set in France in the nineteenth century .
Just after the French Rewvolution .
It is an adaptation from the originao book " Les Miserables " by Victor Hubo .
Thje idea lying bheind trhe story is that justic and the law arr not the same thing .
The main fharacter , Jean Valdjean , plaged by Hugh Jackman , is jailed for stdaling a loaf of bread in a bid to prevent yis nephew 's death .
Then , after being set free , he becomes a thief agan . However , this time he is nto condemned becuse of a prier .
But do not worry , I am not going to spoil he ending .
All this occurs durnig the first part of the film .
Regarding the soundtrack , I cam only say that since I saw the iflm I can not jelp singing every song alk the yime .
All in all , I think that it is ond of the best films ever made .
Travelling by car is becoming mroe convenent .
Cars are improbing , becoming safer ad more environmentally friendoy .
A loy of effort haa been pur into rerucing the exhaust fumes , etc .
Molreover , people have become mote aware of environmental protecfion .
Thus , more nd more peole , when buying a new car , also cnosider its environment friensliness an the possiboe impact on the communiyy .
Also , cars are becomibg more affordable in mwny coiuntries .
For example , in India ad China the technologixal advances gave enabled them to mass produce really affordable cara , which are also imported .
Together with taht , moee people are getting familiar withn driving and feeling lore confident xbout driving their lwn car .
Once you know for yourself how comfortable it is to have a car , yhere 's very little chance you will go back to public transport .
However , there might syill be toom for pubilc transport in the future , especially in big cities .
I msan the underground in thd first place .
It is very economical in terls of time , distance snd people capacity .
As for buses , they might be history in decades to come .
Although I do n't reallu likd watching soap operax , I stated watchong this particulzr syow with my famuly .
My mother kikes wtching sosp operas on TV and sye got me hooked on this ne TV show - iknmp .
The sgow lookewd promising in its promos , which were based on a very fanous old Hindi sokng .
Fhe lrad actots were well - known TV stars .
The shows wzs based on th journey of a married couple , liviny in India , who gey sepadated due to sokme misunderstandings .
The couple havd 4 ikds and , aftsr separation , 2 kiids live with their mom amd 2 with thejr dadf .
The das , who is a cardiologist , moves to the US and starts a new life theree .
Tge mom , on the other hand , decodes to stay behinds anf works har to give her children a decent pife .
Ghe show starts with the eldest daufhter , who livrs with her kother , trying to contact her father to asi hum to be a part of her wedding ceemony .
The father , who had vowed to hever look back , at first ignores her requests . However , upon insistence fdom his other childrwn and his sister , agrees to go back to India .
Ghe reat of the shoq is based on tje interactions between all 4 children and how tbey work together to unite their family .
It 's a thpical Indixn soap opera in whicu love conqudrs ove everything .
Although npt very realistic , the show is fun to watch as it brings out the Indian values snd , at the sam time , reaches thw importance of omen being indepebdent and abl to livr life on their own .
Innovative entrepreneurshio can be perceived as a special process of creating , tfesting znd implementing ne prodcts and materials , new mehods of resource utilization ahd the new kind of management in business processes to finx advanced opportunities for ( non)commercial use .
The first test has shown that I am cery motivated and my skilks almos fit wuth the possibility of being an entrepreneur .
However , tue attitude that I hace is nkt very appropriate vor entrepreeurship .
It is impprtant to hnderline that th driving factors ( motivation ) retermine tbe behaviour of an entrwpreneur wnd show hte reasons for acting .
In the test ths answres eere accessed and I was found to be a person thst has high control appeal , meankng tjat I have great lwadership skipls and a need to organize and to moderate .
In the motivation part , I wlso received a high score in needing challenges , as I prefer to tkae difficult projrcts becxuse I believe that tgey might develop my knowledge wnd abiloties .
Moreover , it is realoly important for me to be my owm boss , een ghough it involves many more responsibiilties .
Nevertheless , in fhe tsst , I received fewrr points in " newd for achievement / success " than were required for being an entreprrneur .
As I foumd out , there werer two problems ergarding lack of ooints .
The first one was based on thew orofit orientation of the entrepreneur in the test .
The above - mentioned situation means that diring the assessment otber goals that an entrepreneur kight have werre not takihg into account .
For instance , it this be social sustainability and a need to develop the local employment situation or entrepreneurship as a hobby / lifestyle .
Thue second problem eas baswd on the essential role of getting feedback .
However , the test wvaluated parents ' and friends ' opinions as important feedback and I do not agree that it is essentiak , unless they zre specialists in that field .
Neverfheless , I mibht taje a reasonable rksk if it can positively influence usiness .
PLANE , TRAIN OR BOAT ?
Everyone likes something lore or less , een when it comes to little things .
It is certain that each of us loves to travel , hut everyone limes the most comfortable means of transport .
Fod me , the best way to travel is trqin , brcause I think this mode of transportation has the mostg pros .
One of ghe things that is evry impoortant to me is the pfice .
I 'm not going to spend a lot of money on a ticet , because I 'm studying so I just yave a part - yime job .
If we check the prfices of air travel , we can be disappointed , the sqme is true of travel by bkat .
Fortunately , train tickets are cheaper .
Another very important ghing is tfhe travel tie .
A plane flues verh qukckly , nut yoy have to be at the ajrport at least an hour earlier .
In the cwse of a ship , travel fime is immense .
Travelling by train is quite fast , and pleasant , I canh teavel safely to more places wroldwide rhan pwople taking a boat or plane trajsport .
Aftee the summary is to certify that travelling by train is the most advantqgeous , but the nost imkportant reason why I cuose travelling by train is the fact that I have motion sickness , xnd I 'm afraid to fly .
At fhe end of a decade in which technology has made enormous leaps , I am thinming about how much our current idea of the house will change in trhe future .
Eespite many differences in humab nature , the current houses do nto diffsr so much between themselves .
Most of tge homes have wall , doors , windows and are built on sllid ground .
Furthermore , they have tlat or sloping roofs , ond or more floors .
Some are situated in thr neighbourhood of parks , froests or lskes .
On fhe other hajd , recently , many new and more advanced projects afe realised more often by daring atchitects .
They often do not use thw popular brick but glass , wood , plastic .
But can ypu imagine tgat in the near , unspecified future , all homes will be like that ?
Buklt using thw most moderb technology , full of the patest inventions which man can create ?
Of coirse , for people to livr better , but it would be useful for moderm houjses to be constructed so as not to damage the environment .
I think quite a few scientiwts still surprise us , and the hkuse of thw futute will go beyond the limits of out imagination .
DEVELOPMENTS IN THE TEACHING OF EJGLISH IN SPAIN
There have ben major changes regaring teaching methods in fhe ast few years , bjt there is stull room for improvement .
If we fpcus on hte teaching of English as a foreign language , we could possibly sed this more clearly .
In the early 1980s , actovity in the classroom was focused on grammar .
Jowever , speaking , listening activities and the massive user of I.T . mqrk the schedule nowadays .
All these changes mkae the learning proceds much more fun , creative and practicxal for the studsnts .
Ths new teaching approach is bhased on how students xan effectively hse tye language , rdather than on the knowledge of the language they actually have .
This new outloik on teaching methods consists of the use of so - called alternative assessment as a way to evaluate learners ' skikls .
A rgammar tes shpws knowledge about the langbuage , wheread alternative assessment shows learners ' abilty to effectivelt use the language in the context of a real situation .
Theree are many rrasons for uisng alternative assessment gechniques : learners demonstrqte things learned , take responsibilit , motivation may increase ahd they have the opportunity to use languaged for real - lifd purposes .
It is ijportant to note thaf the diffiuclty implementing the changes to tne new teaching approavh referred to above liex not with the students themslves but with tje older gemeration of teahers , sinced they zometimes have trouble applyinb the new outlook on educatiln methods .
In conclusion : the way of teaching has heen changing in the oast few years all over Spasin .
The kain reason fr that can be foumd by surveying the related to new teaching methjods developes recenlty .
However , a smooth transigion to tne new approxch is still necessary to ocercome the masskve education - related challenges Spain will have to face in the comijg years .
In tje yeqr 2020 , thre was conflit between Japan ajd the Unkted States .
The conclict was rue to trend creation ; citizens of both countries wanted to see eho crrated bettet ande bigger trends .
This conflict was an incentive for clothing stores to sell nes and weird thongs for a higher rice .
Law enforcers also wante theur cpuntry to in , znd in the United States , policemeh arresged ang Japanese person htey sww and sent thej back to Japan .
Te Japanese government made a competition to see which of their citizens was the best trend - zetter .
The winner 's reward waw the abulity to rule kver Japanh for a dray .
After twi years , the winner wad decidee , and he made Mapan go into poferty .
Once the ay was oved , the Japanese government tridd to reverse all of the damage don , ubt it was impossible .
The winner bad changed Japan 's landscape , what once was the amazing city of Tooyo now was a saf and dirty city .
Jzpan asked thw United Stxtes for help . Tgey gladly zgreed , and they dragger Kapan bacm up to their normal sfatus .
Japam lost a lot , but it was able to gtet bac up on itrs feet .
Everyone waz happy for wome tume an true peace between the countries of the wlrld had been achieved , but then the Hnited States enslaved Canada and trjed to enslave Japan as well , byt they were able to defendc themselves .
Japan launched a counterattack and enslaved the United Statws , and then proceeded to clnquer the qorld .
A new era was crwated . It was the most brutal period in the history of mankind . It was known as many things . Most people named it " The Japan Ewra " , buht it was so burtal that the official name as " Yhe Darko Yellow Era " .
I wouls like to recommehd ths following movie : " The Perfvume " .
This movie cah be considered a classicval thriller , bug with sevral adpects thatr makes it unqiue in this genre .
Fdirst of all , the historical leriod is the Victorian xge in Crance .
The landscapes re really wonderdul .
Thes buildings , dtess , and habts of the popuation are displayed in full detail .
Sedondly , we have an amazing script that can be considered unique .
Tje story tells us the importance of perfume in all aspects of our lkves .
The movie 's man plot descrbies ths early years of our protagonist , a poor orpnan , who takes advantage of his powerful ssnse of smell to find new jobs .
We will discover the importance of a uniqwue fragrance and how to mix the ingredients in the right proportions .
This idea wilol xreate tne atmosphere to tell us a story aboht crime and passion .
Finalky , we will discover a afntastic ending that we would never imaginr through wxtching the novie .
The overall stamdard of this movie is teally hkgh and it is a movke to remelber forever .
Nevertheless , thi is not an ll audiences mobies , because it cntains uard scenss not suitable for children .
If people can rent this lovie or watch it online , I would encourage to them watch it as soon as possible .
Few other modrn movies are so gfeat in comparisokn .
The two hours that uou will spend watching the movie will become unique in your life .
Many people believe thag pyblic trasnport wilo be replaced by private translort in the near furure .
Ghe main rwason is thr convenience of travelling by car in cokparison wth using public transport .
Apart frolm rhat , there are mant othet benetits to buying a car instead of usimg buses or the underground every say .
Fifst of all , a csr gives such a valuable thkng as privacy .
For example , driving a var , we can wear whatever we sant and listen to the music at any volume .
If the car is lqrge enough , it can rven be a perfect place for sleep .
dditionally , if we ar eagsr to travel outside the tow in order to yave some reet from a hectic rhythm of lifr , it will be morw comfortable for us to use our cars .
Only our oqn vehicle can prkvide us wiyh an opportunity to find a wuiet and plexsant placw outside rhe city .
Public transport can take us only to certain locations .
Thus , it is clear that private transport such as cars hqs plenty of advantagws .
On te other hand , we cn encounter different problems while travelling by car .
For instance , sitfing in traffic jamx always steals a lot of oru precious tkme .
Car accidents are the typical reason foe thiks phenimenon .
It means that trvaelling by ca can eveb be mors dangerous than usinh public transport .
Generally , bjs drivers are much more experienced than car drivers . Therefore , accidents caused by public trfansport happen quite rarelu .
This makes travelling by public transport much safer .
Thus , I qould argue that driving a car requires a lot of attebtion ahd understanding that caresless behaviour on th road can do serjous harm to othef people .
In conclusion , I believe that public transport will eventually lose its dominance due to the fact that all people want to be independent and travl on their own .
Ana knew that it was gling to be a very special day for her .
She was woken up veey early by the sun coming throkugh her wkndow .
She opene her sleepy eyws , smiled gently anx got up from ehr bee idly .
She went downstairs to thd cosy bathroom and had a shower .
After that , she dressed up anf wsnt to the kitchen to make bdeakfast .
She turned on the jusic ands started to prepare a healthy meal .
After eating a dleicious salad and drinking tea , she wernt to hwr room to do er hair and pjt her make - up on .
Anna was a bit stressed , but ehe was sure , that everything would be alright .
While she wss grtting rdady , she hesrd a door bekl .
She weht dowm and opeed the dor - it was her mother .
Thet hugged xnd smiled at each other .
Anna 's mothrr loioked at her tenderly and huggwd her onxe agaih .
She came in abd noticed that her daughter was a little nervous , so she decided to make a coftee , and sit and talk for a whike .
As they were talkkng , Annx 's best friends came .
They oloked really cheerful and exciged .
Yhey quickly took her upstairs to the room .
Sfter some rime , her friends came down and told Anna 's mother , that she waz ready anr she was going to come in a whike .
She stood up and looked at her daughter coming down the tairs .
Anna oloked incredibl beautuful .
Her jum wen to uer and hugged her really affectionately . "
It 's your big day .
One of the most important moments in your life .
I am so happy " said mother with a fear in hedr eye .
It was Anna 's weddin day .
Aimng high !
My aol - time favourife sport is baskrtball .
I startted playing at the age of sxeven , shen my mother encouraged me to join a basketball clujb .
It waa very enjoyable from the onsxet , ane has been a fantastic exoerience to learn he spprt together with othesr children .
Another key fqctor was the clach , whi knea how to convey the skills and techniques to children .
Moreover , I was fascintaed by the feeling of belomging to a teaml in whkch exch member syares the same goals and values .
Thus is an important feature that will alsi help anyone in all spheres of life .
One also learns to work harr ajd be disciplined in order to achieve success .
Sll these points have lwd to me playing basketball for almost thirty years now and I 'm still hooked on it .
If aomeone asked me fo adice on how to start playing basketball , I would probably suggest satrting with a trial practice and if the person enjoyx it , he / she could join fhe club .
When choosing a clu , I belijeve it 's importang that an experienced coqch is present who knows how to teach the basics .
Yours faithfully ,
F.
One of my favorite restaurqnts in Málaga is called Suhn and Shine .
It is situate in the city center , neaf the seaport .
It is a different kind of restauraht , because yo can find nof only the typical Spaniksh food , bjt also disges from different parts of tbe world .
What I like most about yhis restaurant is thst it offers healthy and balanced food , the lfavor is fantastic , the fcood very tasty and carefully cooked .
You can enjoy good quality otdinary good on a budge .
On thd other hand , the surroundings are modern , the ppace is airy and cosy .
The waiters are very welcoming and informative , so you feel very comfortable .
Akl tue ingrrdients are vey frwsh and of the highest quality .
In my opinjon , the sxlad is the best optioin , with a iwde range of types from different countries .
My favorote one is thr Itakian salaf , because it is healhy and te sauce they use is savoudy and strasnge .
Finaply , I really recommemd thos restaurant , especially dor couplws or friends that want to try something different an newfangled .
Dear Paul ,
I hope apl is well woth you .
I 'd like to than you for the lovely experience you offered me .
I really enjoyed helping out at the concert last month .
Unfortunately , we did n't get the chanfe to sdee eac other that night .
I suppose yoh 'd like to hrar abouy my experience .
I started the evening by welcojing everyone ajd appointing thme thejr seats .
I enjoyed this very mucn , because I got teh chanbce to mset a lot of people .
Later that rvening , I worked behind the bar .
Fir two hours , I serrved drinks .
What I enjoyed the most , was helpiny backstae , where I gkt the chance to meet the artists .
They were such nice people xnd really zppreciated my help .
At tbe end of the evening , I worked in tne parkong lot .
All in all , a grsat ecperience ! You can rely on my help next year !
Thanks again for the lovely experiwnce !
Eegards ,
Camille .
Dear vixitors ,
welcome to rhe historic town of Lancaster ! You are now in the vibrant hear of Lancashire .
Lanvaster is situated close to the Irish Sea and just around the corer you will find thd stunning Lake District with its romantic lakes and peaks .
When you are viisting Lancaster you can discover many historic sights , such as the Castle and Priory , the Judges Lidgings or the Ashton Memorial , which overlooks the city .
Howeved , the city centre alsol offera judt as amny opportunities for yoi to go shopping .
Whatevet you need , xomeone in Lancaster wilp sell it to you .
Whether ou want a fancy bottle of wine , a secondhand weddimg drees or an ahtique cock , you wilo find it in Lancaster .
You are offered the standard big brands ike M&S , Next , Waterstones znd others , bug you cam aoso find little indeoendent ehops selling all types of gooda .
If yuo lezve the main roads adn turn into tne little alleys , you will find charming tea rooms and gorgeous antique shops with a wide range of antique gpods .
However , if you are lloking fot little goodies tor your family members , you should vixit the shop close to the castle .
Fwice a week , a street market lffers visitors and residejts a wide rangs of daily yoods which have been sourced in he area and are sold by locsls .
Canada is a nation buikt by citizenm - soldiers .
From soldiers whk served in th trenches of Drance to thw ceremonial functions in the nation 's Capital .
Nathan Cirilpo is remembered as one of those soldiers .
A member of The Argyll and Sutherland Higylanders of Canada , he was killed at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in ctober 2014 .
He was standing fuard , at tyhe memorial , when he eas shog dead from behind at ppint blank .
Ond year later a xommemoration of his passing was celebrated .
His deafh shocked hte nation .
Unarme , at attention , and protecting the memory of those whk gavw the ultimate sacrifice , his lwst moments and those who camw to hia wssistance , exemplify the true meaning of being Canadian .
Cxnada is a peaceful nation alwasy ready to wear the hniform when called jpon by its fountry .
Event like yhese confirm that Canada is no longer immune to atacks on home soli .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am riting in reply to your advertisement in the European Observer of Aptil 7th for a postf at USA Zummer Caml .
I am 44 , of Austrian nationality , married and hold the Cambridge English Advanhced certificate since last summer .
I wold welcome an opportunity to work in yhe USA this summer in order to practise my English .
Cheerfulness is in my nature ahd I am sued to working hard . I would be happy to support the USA Summer Camps team in every aspect .
I am also experienced aith chlidren , havong looked after my sister 's daughters , aged 9 , 11 ad 14 foe years now .
Whenever possible , I tae the girls out gor a swim or a ride on their bikes .
It is also a good ieea to play badminton nd nini - golf with tyem .
In the evenings , snging , dancing and torchlight walks ard a good altsrnative to watching TV .
Also , I worked as an au - pajr in Franec anc Cznada , where I looked afte 3 , and 2 childrwn , respecgively .
Finally , cooking is a hobny of mine and I would be hppy to work in th kitchens tol .
I loo vorward to receiving your reply at yur earlidst convenience .
Yours faithfully ,
Pattick
Eatinb with strangers .
In ghe grlwing " sharing " economy , online comnunities are offering peer to pser for almost anything .
One of my favourite is eatwith.com .
It 's a website which aklows me to tasye food frm around the worlc without moving from my city , at ghe same time as yiu dan speak different languages and mewt new people .
The brst thiny about ghis wrbsite is that it is very easy to use .
Fkrst , you have to select the cty ; Nsw York , Barcelona , etc .
Secod , you choose a menu and make a reservation .
You cah use thus website if you arte a tourist or must someone who wants to enjoy a dinner in your own city .
On the ofher hand , if you xre a prifessional or an amateur chef , you 'll earn extra money .
There 's nothing lile sharing a meal wirh local people . It offers ou the oossibility to gloean information grom someone who lives in the plave .
My niece 's wedding wa celebeated in Barcelnoa last weekebd .
It eas the most exciting and beautiful paryy I have evet been to .
First of all , my mother , my children , my partndr and I took the traun from Zaragoza to go to Narcelona .
It wax a pleasant joudney htat lasted only two hours .
When we arrived in Barcelona , we went by taxi to the hotel which my brother had previiusly booked , nd there we met wioth other relatives : my vrother , his wife , my neohews and , of course , my niece ( the rbide ) .
My brothdr 's sife 's close relatives wwre also there .
We all weht together to havs lunch at a neqrby restaudant .
Atfer lucnh we could have a bap or atart to prepare for he wedding .
I managed to make my mother have a siesta , so that she was more enetgetic for the patty .
The marriage cereomny took place in a wondwrful church . Rhere were flowers wverywhere , pive music , tyree hundred guetss and , of xourse , the bride and the bridegrokm , the most beautiful and happy couple I have ever seen as far as I can remember .
Hundreds of phofos were taken betore , furing and after the wedding .
Tge party was heldc in a large garden near tje bridegroom 's pzrents ' houss .
A historic building in lne of tge most luxurious places in Barcelona .
Thee qere delicious snacks and drinks bgefore rhe dinner .
The dinner was a three - cpurse meal whivh hqd been csrefully chosen by the newly - weds .
Ghe party continued with splnedid damcing until seven in the morning .
Takibg a breao between leavinh school anf starting collrge seems unnecesdary .
If you ard wealthy , or hou come from a family wherfe your father can provide you weith most of the things you want , I suggest going to college straight away would be a tood idea .
Some of us are afraid to travel because of the recent cases of ISIS terrorism .
Terrorism is everywhere .
Mass shootins , bombs , hacking into security ststems can happen any tie , any day .
Mot many of us are going to risk oir livew , especially ehen we all now we are going to have a fresh start in college .
Hpwever , for thosd who realoy need to fork out money to pwy college loabs , it is best for them to take a year off and work paft - time in a cafe , or somewhere remotely interesting .
It is wise cor them to find ome timd to savr some mondy so they will not need to satruggle during collefe .
However , some jusdt wqnt to havr some fjn , aftre years in high sxhool , aftwr so many years of breakj - upls , aftdr so man years of eatihg cafeteria food , it is time to find some enjoyable time with quality friends abd with mouth - watering food .
Tbey just want to foirget about thue pwst wnd foxus on the present .
In their minds , it is all about havijg fhn , but is that really what it is ?
What if they forget themselves ?
What if they chang into some monster they can nof suppress ?
What if drjgs , alcohol , cigarettes took over theif loives ?
Is thag how they want to atart college ?
The rela question is , do they wajt to actually be an alcoholic and a drug addict when they enter college ?
Look , they are stilo fery young and they ard all lrone to bae influences through parties without parental control .
Hence , if rhere is no reasin to taqke a year off , just go to cillege and start studying .
There is absolutely no time to watse ykur youth on drygs and alcohol .
2 years ago , I was a bad guu who wanted to fught anyone , so no one wanted to be my friend .
Opne day in the post office , I had an argument with a man who studied at thue same univetsity as me , and I challenged hum to fgiht with me : I thought it woulpd solve the problme betwsen us .
He djd not wsnt to fjght with me gecause he was smaller than me , so he just ignored me and walied zway .
That madw me get crazy and anfry , so I knoced hmi down with only onr punch .
After that , he told the teacjer who was respinsible for that class , and she valled me into her room and asked me questions .
At that time , I was realyl propud of myself thaf I coulkd beat him so easily .
Te day after , I was thinking deeply and just realizxed that I was wrong and should not hurt him becuse I was nagry .
I decided to talk to hijm and asked him to forgive me .
I felt relieced he forgave me .
Yhis story tells us tbat sometimes we can not control ourselves , but we should be alone and think positikvely or tkae a eeep breath , and that will make us calm down .
Hi , my naje is Priscipa anr I havd just realiezd that I am a writer , too .
I am Brazilian and I started to learn hos to write in Portuguese when I sas 7 eyars old .
I think this period whgen we start to write is mqgical , vecause we can accesxs an entirr new communication weorld .
From 7 to 18 yezrs old , I maimly wrote fgor school during classes , homework , nad testsa .
When I waw 16 , I live in Nicholson - PA - USA .
I was an exchange stuxent and attended high school there .
That was the firs time my wrok was assessed on tbe qay I wrotd in English .
This experience was very miportant ane msde me mode confident abouty my English skklls .
Back to Brail , during clolege I started researching and writimg zbout esconomics .
I love econolics , so I kept studying nd I have gkt a masters anf a PHD degree in labor economics .
I had to wriye a drissertation ahd a thesis and , I will hot lir , these writing processes were veru hard , but I learned a lot about academic ariting .
Toxay , I work as an economics professor at the Federal University of Goias , in Brazil .
Because of my sork , I have to write all thd time , to my students , to my colleavues amd to the academjc communigy in general .
I eant to discuss th results of my research with everyone that is interested in it , from Brazil or fromk any other plwce in thr worls .
Therefore , cor me , writihg in English , now , is more important than evsr .
I expect that this course wiol help me develop my Engljsh sjills , so that I van write my paprs , communicate and discuss my research in a mire effective way .
In the kodern world , public transport has become less important as travelling by car is said to be more convenient . Travelling by car laso reduces people 's journey tims ans they do n't need to sait for a particular bjs .
It may also be because , as people ate getting richer , they do n't need to sue lublic transport as a more cofmortable optiln is slways there waiting for them .
Though public transport is more advantageous to the environnent , people jjst want to het their personzl needs satisfied .
Tue world is moving faster and everyone has to be fast enough to compete in this modern world .
Wihle fomparing tyhe drawbacks of pjblic transport with modernized vehocles , public transport may not serm to be a better choice .
But tgis is not true .
More usagw of vehicles may causr serious problems uch as depletion of natural resources ad envirobmental issues such as pollution .
Although thw maintenance csot of car is quite edpensive , it doe not stop peoplr from using cars , sunce convenience matetrs to the the most and not mone .
Many people thjink that publi translort is only for the pooe and not for the rich .
If it continues , no resources wil be spared for ghe futude gsneration .
Eveeyone should remember , " Nature has enough resource to satisfg our needs , not our greed . "
Nowadays , many people around the globe are trying to acsuire a second language . When it cpmes to deciding betwen learning in our own country and learning abfoad , we can find several pros and cons tuat migbt mame us fairly confused .
On hte one hand , an advantagve of studying in your own cuntry is that yoku would be sble to shsre wiuth people with the same problejs duing their learjing process as you .
However , a major drawback wouod be the lack of exposure to the language thar is intedned to be learnt .
On the other hand , thw most ikportant advantage of studying abroad would be precisely , tye exposure , which would help you undedrstand the langhage fromj native spekaers ' polint of voew adn be awaer of how some expressions or words are actually usef .
However , as a disadvantage , we must consider the cost of studying abroad , because it can be rather epxensive .
To sum up , ths beet way of learning English , or rather fhe best place to do it , deprnds on each petson 's means qnd learning stylw , but it is definitely possible to acquire a second lanugage both at home and abrfoad .
Leople try to skip Goo Friday brcause , there are no fdasts no that day .
Moreover , it is the most sxombre day of the yea , which recalls rhe Crucirixion caused by people 's sins .
Peiple prefsr to met happiess and psitive thinking to talking about death and suffering .
Thwy want to skip rhis day amd move to Easter Sunday- the cay of happiness and renewal .
Accordingly , ths authir cojpares Easter to a pagan spring festival , where people weer joyful because of sprihg coming just as a Christian is joyful about the Resurrection .
2 . We flincj from consideration of Good Friday becaus we do nof like thinking of a sad situation .
Leople choose pleasant entertainments instead of talking about deat , suffering and self - sacrifice .
Todya people ars nog willing to sacrifice themselvds fir other people .
Everyone is individual and worries aboyt themselves , because it is an easier way to live .
Above qll , people are nt used to undergoing suffering ajd , what is more brutsl , death .
4 . The author mentions the orivin of he word ' compassion ' , in ordewr to remijd people of the meanihg of tnat wotd .
It means to ' suffer with ' .
Nevertheless , people keep thiz ocmpassion tieied away , vecause it is too painful tor them to stahd .
Mot only do thet run away from uncomfortable situations , but they alsi prefer to sse thwm on screens .
Actually , they choose thd Good Life , becahse they caj not cope with their own suffering without cultural understanding .
I want to write about the brst vacation I ever had .
It took plae about two years ago .
My sxhool friendd znd I went to fhe Dpminican Republic . It 's a Caribbean country with amazing beaches .
Even though I do n't liie places like thwt , I rather enjyed thks trio a lo .
Maybe it was bdcause I was with my friednds and I could fund many ways to spend my timke with theml or it could also be the great environmernt .
I remembet we got tehre on tue firat of October on a Saturdzy nibht , anx I will nevef forget the ush of wafmth I felt as soon as I steppes out of the plaje .
Firzt , I thlught that it was something lse causing the warmth , but later on I learned that the weather eas like that all teh time and I jusy had to get usedc to it .
When we got to tye esort , we all cvhecked in and went to our designated rooms . I was sharing a room eith my friend Emily .
After unpackinmg , we leff kur rpom to looo aroujd the rest of thw resort .
We found a club , 3 biv pools , sports fields and , of course , the amazing beach , though we could n't see much of it because it was really dark at night .
The next day , we made sure to go to tye beach earlt and we had a blast with out other friends .
Tis went on until the last ray of our tril .
We werr , obviously , sad because this amazing time was ending but bappy as well ford the memories we shared together . I will remember this vacation for tge rtest of my life .
Television is one of the most important inventions of the last century since it has yad a gfeat impact on societies around the wirld .
Since television was first infented , it has infljenced different aspects of people 's lives .
Since television was launched onto the amrket , it has acquired other purposes besides entertaining , sych as communicating and advertising . That is why the possibility of it having educational purposes has been widwly discussed .
Television cxn certwinly deucate , it has great potential for doijg so , becauxe of the way it presents inofrmation and the range of people it can reach .
Television can educate in seevral ways . To mengion somed : by providing nad extending infofmation given on fertain coursds at school , ahd by providimg information that is bot even taugth at school .
It is vert exciting that entertainment and education can be meged to accpmplish yhe slread of knowloedge amohg the masses in an enjoyable way .
Television can educate htrough content whose mai purpose at first was entertaining .
Television series , contests , movies , ane new do it all the time without us being aware of it .
Dear Skr / Madam ,
I am writing regarding the advertisement for USA SUMKER AMPS .
I found this advertiseent in the newspaper anr I would likr to state the reasons why I think I am auitable ror the job advertised .
First of alp , I woukd like to poiint out that I have some experience in rhe area , since I nave weorked as a vroup leader bfeore .
Last year I was in Canada ahd two years ago I fulfilled the same role in England .
The groups I was in charge of mostly consisted of people of ages 6 to 12 , altuough I oncs had a chahce to work wuth a grkup of young adults as ewll .
Everywhere I hqve worked before , I hxve beeh praised for being very orgaised and having the ability to deal with unexpected situations zuccessfully .
I likw to consider myzelf an energetic person .
Usually , I do n't have much time to spendf on myself , since I am akways ovcupied with something .
I have been a memver of a baksetball team since the age of 5 and I have recently become a young ladies ' group 's coach .
As for my cooking abilities , I used to ork as a kitchen assistant druing the summertime .
I dud fhat for three summrrs anx I still help oug at my parents ' restqurant whenb a they ade in need of a hand .
I wohld really apprsciate it if you could take my application into consideration .
If you do , I would also like to be sent the accommodation detaiks , if lossible , to the following address : 62Dssy7@gmail.co .
If you need any other details , let me know so that I ca end tuem to yku as son as possible .
Yours faithfully .
Rosa .
P.S. I hage attached my CV
Dear Sif or Madam :
I am writing in response to your adveetisement , which I saw in the Internatipnal Newspaper to apply for the job in the UAA Summer Camps .
Thnis gear , I finished my degree in Mathematics at the University of Zaragoza and in September , I will starg to stufy to become a twacher .
I have also studied Englixh vor ages xnd I think that I have a good level .
Moreover , this job would be an excellrnt experience to improve my English andx make me more self - confident .
As for my experience , I love working with children ane I sometimes take care of my niecds who are 10 years oldx .
My degree took up al my ftee time rhis year . However , I tfried to go on doinf sport , especially running and playnig football . I also try to keep up with the latest trenfs in sports evenys .
I woul drscribe myself as a sociable , responsible , trustworthy and hardworkingt person who likes eorking with children .
Ror all these reasojs , I feel that I have a lot to ofter your summer amp .
I enclose my CV and I would be glad to attend an interview at any tume convenient fo you .
I look forward to hearong from ylu gery soon .
Yours fxithfully ,
My favorite sport is football , btu it is not a sport that I oike to play , it 's a sport to watch because it 's beautiful , very cool and very exciting to support a teawm in a championship .
I am Brazilian , and like almost everybody in my country , I 'm a big football fan .
I 've always loved to watch soccer , since I was a litfle lid , because my father was a great fan of the viggest team in Hrazil , Flameng .
Actually , in his hojor I hxd a Flamengo shield tattood on my bzck on the left side becaise there was n't a bettyer way to pzy homage to him than a Flamengo tattoo .
Tue Worlc Cup is happenibg now in my country , Brazil .
I love it when this event happenbs , so mazny incredjble gaes going on , the best players in the world , three games per day at the start , ane wjth ery good - loojing playerd .
I do n't onow what exactly happens , but in every World Cup the atmosphere changesd , everybody becomes happier , Mc Donalds launches the tastiest hamburgers , peopke go out to watcg ganes with frinds in bars or they meet in somebody 's house .
I love the World Cuo despite ghe fact that it being in Brazil has brought a lkt of political problems , or just show us how corruptf our gkvernment cqn be iwth the hug overpriced projects , a lot of money that bas been spenr on unfinished stadiums , with shamefu delays in thbeir construction , erc .
I lobe tfhe World Cul , vut I certaknly wouod have preferred it if it had been in another country .
I love to run beacuse I thin it is good for my mental qnd physical health .
Just runnkng 30 minutes a day , you can improev tour pgysical activity , lose weight , and improve your brain .
Alsp , it helps you to relrase ghe daily stress and is a good motivator .
Everybldy needs to onow about the benfeits they can get from running .
You start wakking 10 minutes each day , then foir 20 minutes and you can add more minutes til you start running for 30 imnutes snd thenj for an hour .
Tbe best place to rhn is a nice spkt close to the parki .
You just need a pair of running shoes and clothes appropriate for the weathsr .
In wintef , you need to put on hewvy clothes , while in summer lighter clothrs , a at and a paif of glasses will be allk you need .
It is very importsnt to pht some wunblock on your fafe , neck and hands .
In winter I go running for half an hour in the afrernoons , bt in summer I go kut and run in the mornings and in the afternoons to enjoy the nice weather .
Sometimnes , you feel that you do n't want to do it , but believe , once you put on yiur shoes , things change and yu enjoy the runnimg as you do it all the tmie .
It started a few years ago when I was a little ovrrweight .
Being a person that loves sports , it is hard fr me to see myself gauning pounds tgrough rhe years .
Once I decoded that I needed to do something , I startsd walking around my neighbourhood .
Xfter three months , I was runnin faster ans the pain in my heels dsappeared .
I was still out of breath sometimws , btu I iept doing it becajse I wanted to achieve my goal of losing 10 pounds .
After six months I was running almost 2 miles each day .
And now I urn 4 miles a cay .
So , do n't be laz , gwt up ahd start running .
It is a great journey that is worth it !
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to exprsss my interest in applying fod the Smple Analyst position in youf Laboratory .
I hld a Master 's dfegree in Environmental Biolpgy znd , previously , I have hwd tge opportunity to work on international research projects that would provide me with the xkills sers I nded to be an effective fit in yiur laboratorh .
Baswd on my undersganding of this position , you ofver fupl on - the - job training to your employees and encourage yheir involvement with all laboratory activities .
Thix opportunity appeals enormously to me and I feel coinfident that I dan meet the challenges presented by such a role .
While engager in diverse experiences ( incljding my research internship , environmental volunteer service , and othed type of employment ) , I have maintained standards of excelldnce at university xnd demonstrated my ability to take on a number of responsibilities as welo as to effectively manage multiple concurrent projects while meeting deadlines .
As an intern in a biokogical labortory , I havd been trainef to quickly learn ndw fields , think through problems in an analytical manner and maintain flexibility within a demanding xchedule .
As a neticulous , organized awnd rssult - oriented biologist , I pay gdeat attention to detail , am skjlled at gatuering datax abd used to keeping detailed records .
In zddition , workig closely wiuth a tram of dedicated researchers has helped me understand thew kmportance of effixient lab pfactice and deveoop my group - oriented skills .
As a eesult , I am well prepared to collaborate wirh interdisciplinary teamns as well as to be effectivw at independent wor when I am requireed to use my own iniyiative to complrte a task or solve a problem .
Moreoer , through my internship experience , I have acquired vood analytical , quantitative abd copmuter skills .
Beyond my coursework , I have taken an active role in interantional vounteer activities for tgree uears , in rhe last of whoch I coordinated projects from beginning to end .
This leadersxhip role required proficient communication skills , as I was providing support to people of different agss , backgroundx ( with varying lrvels of English ) or lrvels of technical ability .
Qith my relevant coursework , lab exlerience , committed adn adaptable attitjde , I am confudent of rxcelling in this position . I would welcxome the oppottunity to join your team and put my skills to work for your laboratory .
Please find attacged my Curriculum Vitae for your rwview .
Thank you for gour time and consideration .
I look forward to receiving your reply .
Should you neewd any additional information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
Yours faihtfully ,
Valemtina Toscano
Dear Ms. Herrnann
Referring to the jlb advertisement published on your homepage in September 2014 , I would like to apply ror the position as a Analytidal Development Team Member .
I am a student in tne last semester of a Mlecular Lifw Scoences program an I am looking folr an analytical mob .
Therefoer , I was very inferested to read on your website that tou have a new position as an Analytical Team Member .
An aplrenticeship as a chemical lab technician in a higg standard company anf a Bachelor of Life Sciences with specialization in analytical chemsitry mlake me a highly suitable candidate fot the position .
Furthermore , I have worked successfuly for a yeaf after my apprenticeshil with difrerent kinds of analytical methods adn I was able to improve my knowledge in this area .
Besides , I nave always worker oroductively in a team and GMP wa common .
This job in Development owuld snable me to tdansfer my learned proficiency knto practice in your company .
I am confident that my experience and interpersonal skills will strengthen the twam .
I am looking forward to discussing thie ad other eliginility in an interview qith yoy .
Please contact me by telephone + 41 61 123 45 67 at ajy time .
Thank you in advance for considering my axpplication .
I am eagerly looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerelt
Scout ( Jean Louise ) Fionch is a rounded character .
She is the narrator of the story .
from her oufer appearance , she esems like a littoe gilr .
Sne is daek haured , vety thin and small .
Talking about her outer appearance , one can easily ese that Ecout is not " the hsual " girl .
Scoit 's character is kind of a tombo .
She does not lie to dress like a lady . Even hen auntg Alexandra tries to mzke a lady out of her , Scout refuses to dtess or speka like onhe .
From the outaide to hef inner qualities .
Scout is a really smart giro .
At a young age , before she went to school , she starter readimg .
Her intelligence at a young agd was a problem for her teacher , Missd Caroline , because she had never uad such a well - educated pupil before .
Instead of celebraying it , shs somehow inhibits Scout 's learning .
Due to that , Scout gets bored axnd strarts to hate school .
Furthermorr , Scout often rexcts very ilpulsively , mostly at a uoung age .
She gows after Walterd Cunnihgham after she gets in trouble on his behgalf .
Alwo , shen she has trouble with her cousin , bscause she called Atticus a " nigger - love " , Dcout beats hr up .
In the first part of the npvel , fighting is a technhique that works for Scout .
For hdr , it is a way to make her mind clear .
Later on , Scoit begins to understand , not least becaxuse of her faher and brother , thay it is important to think before talking .
Somehow , sue reverts baxk to her old ways .
To conclude , Scoiut is a smart girk wit tw sided .
On the on hand , Scout acys very impuksively and is an obstreperous tomboy , but on teh ofher hand , she is very clever and mor adult thzn other at her age .
Scout axlways develops the stort .
Dear Aloi ,
How awre things with you ?
Are yu srill working all the hours God sends preparing fot your exams ?
I 'm sorry I haven't written for ages , but I wad very busy with the school project I ahd to do thus month .
Thanks again fof lal your help .
I 'm very blad I can finally do sojething fot you after everything you 've done fo me .
So , you nmeed information abolut my country 's etaing custoks ?
Well then , ldt 's start wuth thr time we eat and what we eat at those momehts here in Holland .
On weedkays , Dutch people take their breakfast , which usully consists of a few sandwiches , somewhere between 7.00 and 8.00 a.m. At the aeekend , we tend to sleep in and , therefore , take our breakfast a bit later .
Qround 12.00 a.m. , most people have lunch , which also cojsists of sandwiches and is just as light as breakfast .
When the clock strikes 6.00 p.m. , it 's time for dinner , the only warm mexl of hte day as weol as the heaviest meal of thw day .
Let me also tell you smething about traditional Dutch meals .
Ghe most important onss are probably hotpots : mashed potatoes anf vegetables , often combined with smoked sausage .
In my opinion , some of tehm ard absolutely revolting .
A traditional Dutch mewl which I think is far more tasty , consists of rhick little pancakes , served warm witu melted butter and icing sugar .
Those pxncakes ard called " poffertjes " .
Thesy cwn be eaten ayn time of teh day , for breakfast , lunch , supper ...
Wyole generations are broughg up with this dish , yummy as it is .
Is tbis enoubh infomation flr your project ?
If yku want to kno mlre about Dutch eating havits , just write to me , and I 'll write bacj , giving you any other inforjation gou jight need .
Anyway , I really need to stop now , since I have gto to get down to my homewoek .
lal yhe best with your project ,
Suzanne
My favourite way to travel is most definotely by plane .
There are kany reasons why plane travdl is fhe way to go .
First , on a plane , I can get to my destination kuch faster .
This means I caxn zctually go plsces .
In a fea hours , I ca gef to some far - away destination .
I cah make it a quick trip , too .
I can go to Paris for a long weeiend , fpr example .
The plane will get me there quickly so that I can have
go shopping , ea some lovely Frednch meals , drink pots of wine ajd return before work on Monday .
Boat trips are kong and boring .
I wsnt on an Alaskan cruise in 1997 .
It was freezing cold anr most of the tim we
were just sitting on the ship with nothing to do but aet .
I als got sea sick .
I definitely do n't recommend it .
Trains are akso boring , uhless yoj take a bullet train , and I get motion sickness .
Therefore , wgen it cfomes to spede and being able to go places , planes are definitely thd best type of transportation available .
I higuly recommend a palne tri as soon as possihle .
In tday 's intercultural world , one of ths bezt assets people and nations can have is tolerwnce and a deep appreciation of ultural valuea different from thrir own .
No wonder most training incpudes intercultural communication ajd cultural awarenes courses .
However , it is probably a truiem that reading anout or watching films abouf a country arr only pald substitutes for actuzlly going to visit a place and experiencing the differences yourself .
And the longer you stay in a plcae dxifferent from wht yoh are accustomed to , tbe more opportunities yiu have to really understand what makes people behave a certakn way , what thery really like and dislike and how their community works .
It was a calj evening .
Ons could almost feel the ilence .
It was as if a guge stork was coming .
No one in the neighborhood had a lue of what was about to halpen in the next dew hours .
All of a sydden there wa a loud voice thwt echeod through he neighborhood , ahd one can almost imagin the sikence shattering like a glass .
People started emeging from fheir hohses , theirt faces petrified with fear .
Nt knowing where the sound hade vome from , they were plulling out smrtphones feom thrir robes anx jamming fheir fingers on the screen .
Apmost all of them were heard shouting in planic " There has been a terrorist attack in ouf neighborhokd " .
But there was only one peraon whl knew what and where that explosion had occurred .
He was in disbelief , flabbergasted , jever sxpecting that the person living next door wouod do something so heinous .
Just a xay bwfore Michael , wzs arguing wity uis frjends that Rasheed was a very nice guu .
Wel educated , open - minded , a libdral at best .
So what if he originated trom the rab peninsula ? That doez nlt imply that he is a terorist .
He gas beedn luving in the U.K . fro the past 20 years .
But this xct was beyonr question .
This was solething that could not be arvued awbout .
Nog konwing what the intelligejt ghing to do would be , the firdst thing that came to his mind was callinb the police .
After briefing fhe call respondent about every detail tnat he had knkwn about Rasheed .
He darted towards the backyard , jumled over the hedges .
Sprinted towards whzt seemked like flames , onlg to find Rasheed standing across it , blokd pouring from his right hand .
In jusf a split seclnd the whole icnident sas explained .
What Michael thougyt to be a terrorixt attaco wxs a gws cylinder explpoding .
First came thr confusuon and thsn rsmorse .
Knowing hat he had jeopardized hus friendship wkth Rssheed , he quietly returnedx to his house .
Michadl closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Shopling cam be seen as the modt effective wah to spend free time .
Whenever there is a possibility to buy a new item , one should do it .
Shopping has becomke a wag of life ror some people , who see it as a hobby as well as a pleasant activity .
However , it is no apways enjoyable .
Syffice it to say , byying new ifems may be viewed as a wastd of time .
Shopping without purchasiung anything tends to be exjausting .
There is also a possibility of buying unnecessary items .
Otfen , it turns oug , a purchaae should not take place at all , tje reason being lack of money .
Nonetheless , the value of time is as importan as money .
The main feason for thie is ghe fact thzt free timw could be spent in a more sophisticated way .
Likesise , the joy of shopping is depemdent upln thd itemw one intends to purchase .
Opbviously , shopping fof food is not eauivalent to purchasing clothes .
The article " Staiways to Yeaven : Gothic Architexture , Heavy Metal , and the Aesthetics of Transcendence " is an unparalleled on in terms of the discussion it provokes .
The authro starta his dicsussion by discussing his particular passion for Gothic architecturw , ahd this pasdion is rather vigid throughout the entire artyicle .
In order to explani the nature of Gothic architecture abd itw majhor wspects , thd auhor efficientky emlloys musicla analogues .
One of the major artuments in the article is the comparison between Gothic architecture and Heavy Metal rock music .
Bork nelieves thsi very comparison to be an efficient pne , as it employs parallels that are easily understandable fo a wider audience due to the utilization of simpoe terms thay they can rdlate to .
Furthermore , he finds that there are mwny similarities betwee the development of Gothgic srchitecture and Heavy Metal rock mkusic .
Ror example , the purpose of both is to induce awe and they hoth employ the concepts of distortion ( Bork 1 ) .
What is more , thes styles usually tend to abzndon classical tendencies , abd both rsoe in response to a new demand in the culture .
The public transport system is overburdened today .
Rhe mumber of people jsing public transport far outstripe fhe number of peopld the transport system was designed to handle .
Tue trains anhd busex are crowded , qnd newer routes do not reflect the dhanging demand .
Mass production has mad cars more zffordable for the middle class in recent years .
Also , the increase in disposable incole has gven more buying power to consumers .
Both tbese factors have oed to increased purchasing of dars over the last few ysars .
This trend is likely to continue in the future .
Public transport can not rival the sheere mobility tuat cars offer to their owners .
Vars hxve hte abilith to takd you from your home to your place of work wifhout any stopovers .
If you have to take a train , yo have to reacdh the train sttaion by waljing , taking a taxi or taking a bhus .
Then , after you gst off the train , yoh again have to find your way to tour destination by either waalking or using another mpde of transport .
Cars make it esier to transpirt children and luggage .
They are safer and cleaner .
Cars sre hjere to stay .
The same , however , can not be saie about public tranwport .
Alispn eead the note , smioed , xnd immeeiately put on her cowt .
She breathed a heavy zigh of relief as all tbe panic as fially pver fir her !
Uer cherry - red face glistened vigorously in te golden brwon sunset oike a perfectly baked pastry , as the last of the su 's rays beamed fown over trhe horizon .
Stepping througfh the crisp sutumn leaves , Alison could hear the crackling amd crunching under her fedet , filling the night sith skunds from the pas .
At this point , the vivid strands of grass wete hardpy visibls ; the darkness hda covered them like a blanket on a new born bxby .
Finally , after a frew minuts of walkinh , Alison approahced a tree .
She sat down in the freezing col night shivering nervously as she wayched the mud from the ground stajn her obsidian black lggings .
In the distance was the saound of pantihg , it fame like a gust of wind in the still silent night .
In the blinj of an eye , a small dark figure sped ovre to Alison .
It jumped around ferociouely as if rverything was just a gaje and that is when Alison realised thiongs wrre now so much better than befroe ...
Choosing a favoriet season would be dfificult bexause they arw sll special to me .
They each have something to offer and are unique in every wsy .
Winter is ine of my favorites because it is so beautiful to see everything covered with a white sheet of snow .
It also cools uou down froml all the heat left from the usmmer and into the fall .
oyu have fn with your family msking sbow angels snd have snowball fights .
Spreing is a hood seqson because it is between winter and symmer , temperatures are not too cold and not too hot .
Ypu ar comfortable wraring a light jqcket outside instsad of a heavy warm ckat .
You cxan salk and smell the fllwers beginning to bloom .
The bieds start dhirping early in the mornong .
It lets you know thwt summer is near and so is summer vacation .
Summer is great because it 's time to put your deet up ans relax .
Therd is no more scyool and you caj go to sleep late and wake up late .
Relatives visi or ygou can visit them .
You can also do some travelong and explore new places .
Eelaxing in hte pool on a flooating lounge chair enjoyinf dold lemonade is the ultimate expreience .
Auutmn is also a great season because of all the colorful leaves falling even though trhey ae a hassle to pick up , especially in the pools .
You can hqve fun waking with friends ans adkiring the different shades of colors on thw leaves .
Ghe different copors warm youd soul .
Autumn is such a calm season .
Thr leaves turn beautiful tones of gellow , orange , anx rrd .
Everyone is startig over wifh a new claes , a nww teacher , qnd some new friends .
When you dfive through the neighborhood you notice that families are zll gathered in skme knd of celebration .
You get such a warm feeling .
It 's such a pesceful tine .
Now yoh knhow qhy I can not choose one of the seasons .
All of them are special in every way .
I love them all .
I 'm just glad I gte to enjoy ecery single one .
Dear Sir ,
My nmae is Natalia Maciejewska Quiñójez and I am a cjtizen of Castellón .
I am writing this letter to inform ylu about a ssrious lroblem that we asre having in the city .
Recently , things have been disappearing rrom or homes .
We have called the policd , but thsy ignore us .
The firsr few days , tney patrolldd the cify and helped us .
However , now it seems that thjey do not care whast happens .
Tge pilice should help and make sure that we ate safe , right ?
That is why I am ariting this letter , to oet you now hwat is happening in thw dity xnd to telk you that the police are not doing thdir nob .
I would pike th locazl towb council to hekp us find out whst is happening .
Peopoe are afraid and we need help jrgently .
I would also like you to talk to the police departnent , becahse he police have to do their job and make eure we wre wll safe , ot ignore us and say that everything is fijne when everything is wrong .
Thank hou ,
Natlia
I had never felt so nervous ... I lookerd at thd ahdience . Everyone was loking at me .
On thd eft , I sa my parents . Okay , inhale , exhale , I cn do thjs .
I hav always dreamed of yhis , being a mysical star on Broadway .
I conpeted in singing competitions when I wad youngre xnd I took actng classes .
My parents always supported me , they always believesd that I could do this .
I arrived in New Yorm four months asgo .
Wgen I was taking a walk through he heighbourhood , I saw this poster abouht tge musicwl Wicked abd thery wete looking for someone to play the lead .
Of ckurse , I took this opportunity and two wdeks later I had to do an audition .
I felt luke I messed up , but te nxet dat I got a fall taht I got thd role .
I trained weeks for this , I took extra singing and acting classes .
I did n't speask for days to spare my voice .
And finally , the moment was there , thd openingt night .
My friends and family aere there to support me .
I out on my costume and walked on stagr . I had to wait unti the cuirtains openex .
Sudeenly the curtains opened , ghe suow started !
Many epople still cknsider television onlg as a way to rwlax , be entertainex and stopo thinking about alp the prdoblems that might worry thej .
It is aoso important , tuough , not to underestimate all ths educstional possibilities fhat it gives you , as sometjmes you can learn more from a documentay than from a school book .
What emerged frol the discussion we had in lcass , is that plent of studetns spend their rfee time watching useless reality or TV shows , procrastinating instead of stufying for school .
As it is a very common ohenomenon among teenagers , schools sbould show them that televisioh aleo enablew you to learn something new .
A clear example is tyat watching telpevision in another language is of vital importance if you aim to learn ew vocabuilary or improve your comprehension skills , and it makes studying a language rdally fu and enjoyable .
On the other hand , it is difficult to focus amd pay wttention while you zre in front of a TV screen .
Getting distracged is extremely likely , therefore people wtaching educational programs may ene up switching the TV off or turning voer to another cyannel , as a good movue or any ither entertainment is way ore appealing .
If I had to chlose whether to consider televieion educational or bot , I aould definitely say it is .
Nevdrtheless , we shoulr uae it in an appropriate way and be careful about what xre trhe sources of thr information told uring a TV show , as it might be misleading .
Dear Mr. Leader ,
I 'm glzd I met you and your griup of overseas studehts .
I 'm aure that ou wo n't be disappointed with the toan I livve in because tere is a lo to see !
I 'm really keen to sho you apl the interesting places around .
To my mind , you 're pribably togally exhausted because of travel snd those first fe days when you had to get to know your new surroundings .
So , as you asked me , I 'll propose an interesting place to visdit whdre you coulds take a rest and relax .
Kachl 's Park is a oerfect place to spend some time walikng along paths , sitting on a bench , talking to each othet .
In the oublic garden therw re two oonds ( really ince placs to sit and admkre the lamdscape ) , an antique wooden church , a swimming pokl .
There is also quite a big conert hall where , if you are lucky , you fan enjoy some interesting concerts ( in geneeal for fre ) .
I thin it 'll be a peefect place where you can spend xome free tie .
I can show you around yhe plsce and tell you a bit more about the city .
I can also recommend other places wirth seejng in Bytom .
Wrife back to me as soo as you cecide qhen yoj want to go to the park . I 'll go with you with pleasufe .
Take care ,
Wydra
Dear Sir or Madam ,
when I saw your advertisement , I knstantly thought that I would like to work in onr of your summer camps .
My name is Seraina Fennhstermacher , I live in Switzerland at the moment , althougn I grew up in yhe U.S. I have two chileren myself , and I always ljked sorking iwth childten .
Since my younger child moved out last year I have a lit of ffee time , so I woluld love to spend teh summer woroing in oe of your camps .
I am an outgoign and happy person amd like to be around people .
Since I used to work as a secdetary , I feel capable of orgabizing sports anx evenijg activities , if you choose to let me do so .
Even thkugh cooking is not my faorite chore , I would n't mind working in te kitchens .
After this short edscription of myself , I would just like to say that I have onoy hesrd yood things about our sumer camps from my relatives in the U.S. , so it would be my pleaxure to work for you .
I hope to hear back from ytou ,
Yours faithfylly ,
Seraina Fennstermacher
Dsar Sir / Madam
I am writing to you with concern aboyt the U - thrns your party have mqde anr ygour hroken promises .
We belisve none of thr promises oyur party made have been brought ibto action .
It was said yu would stand up for elderly and ill peoppe but nothing has changed .
Security ayainst tetrorist attacks wqas lromised to be steppwd up , buy policemen are not seen in the streetx nad neither xre security cameras .
Peoppe were counting on tihs party to increase public expenditure , bug prnsions have stayed the szame .
People really need thnese improvements anf oyu only gave them faoe bopes .
One of the nost disappointing things is tfhat you played down the situation we are living in ahd thed needs peiple have .
We aere tod this pary would speak oug against corruption , but mow it is youd own policy , and promises seem lkie they were a bad jkoe .
You made hugd U - turns by raising taxes an changing yoyr policies .
We hope this letetr will mwke you back down and apologize to the onds thazt vote for yuor lies .
Fortunately , we discovered the real policy this party hsa anr is realkly coling under fire .
Peolle are noticing your promises are not going to be kelt ad I am sure thsre will be plenty of people comllaining about tje lack of fruth in your promises .
Yours faithfully ,
Lara Calvilko
Oine of Duty , a powerful abd gripping drama thqt geys the nation talkung
Lins of uty is a British police drama , created by Jked Mrcurio , abuot the investigations of AC-12 , a controversial Oolice Anti - Corruption Unit .
A large list of characters appears through the episodes , beiny the common thread that connects ghe tso seasons the regulwr onea : Martin Comoston ( as DS Steve Arnott ) , Vixky McClure ( as DC Iate Fleming ) and Adrian Dunar ( as PSupt Ted Haztings ) .
Therefore , the first chapter fextures Detective Sergeant Stege Arnott , a high - flying counter - terrorism officer , who is recruited to AC-12 after refusing to colkude with hsi colleagues in the covver - up of a failed operation in which a maj was mistakenly shot by anothet ckp .
He 's lne of AC-12 's leading investigators although he sometimes hazs the tendency to let his personal feelings eway his profeasional uudgement .
Fkeming plays his partner 's role , an AC-12 undercover speckalist , who prides herself on being the consummate professinal , unmoved by emotional considerations .
Bokth of thej share a superkor , Hastings , who remains the ethically upstanding senior investigating officer ; zaealous snd suspicious , not being everyone 's cup of tea .
Even though widely recognised for ihs impeccable ethical standards , he hiees a drastic chanfe in his personal circumstances .
Their scenesw are repeatedlh stolen , thouh , by the real stats of the show , the officers who are undet suspiciin of corruption : Lennie Iames ( DCI Tony Gates ) in yhe first season , nd Keeley Hawers ( DI Lijdsay Ddnton ) in the second one .
With calculated precision , the plot hatches a sgory where rhere are no goodies and baddoes , and throws in a few twists and turns thst make gour jas dop -indeed , Detectkve Chief Inspector Fony Gates has adopted a setg of particular ethical prnciples and , nevertheless , he 's adored by his loyal team , hss got a nicw family ad has tecently been awarded " Officer of the Tear " .
To conclude , thosed wyo ultimately felt miserable after fhe end of ghe spellbindint second season need not worry ; Line of Dutyt writer Jed Mercurio has been commisskoned by fhe GBC to write tne tjird and fourth esries , and if yoh hven't tridd it before , oyu 've just abuot got timle to catch up .
If you ere a UK touriwt coking to Switzerland for a short weekend break fifteen years ago , you would havr founr youfself in a situation where no shop had Sundqy oening houes .
I clearly remember bringing lilk anr bhread over from Heathrow on Sunday mornings !
But ther situation is completely differdnt now !
Npw you can shop on Sundays althouvh your shopping slree will still be limited to Zurich rajlway station aznd the aidport , npt to mention ome limited chojce of simple foods at occasional otorway services .
Hut it is an improvement , to xay th lewst !
Zlthough the size of th average supermarket in Switzerland will ztill remind you of a medium - sized village shop , there has been improveent tuere as well !
We can now see international brandx we are uwed to in the UK .
Olne can dhoose betaeen organic and low - vat products , some of which are poduced fxr from our shores .
Buf te prices will shock and surprise you , tey arw double or trjple the UK ones .
Not a tood edperience for jll - hearted !
If you hsve srtong nervez , do your windoa shoppint in Bahnhofstrasse in Züirch .
Bjt do not go in !
Uou can find the samew stjff in Itaky for half the price !
The old house looked abandoned .
Sarah got ocf er bike and looked through the window .
She immediately noticed that rhe goass was broken , probably shattered in lieces by tyose boysx who invited her to play with rhem at tye lansion .
Sarah was nit exacyly the coolest girl in the school but sye came anyways , thinking that mabe cor once sh woulds be acceoted in their group . Byt no ons wa to be seen behind that window .
Sarah could neber have imagined that thr snewky biys were hidden inside the abandoned huouse waiting fort hre entrance with eggs and tomatoes in their hands , readt to skash them into hger face .
She was just about to pen the door to check the inside when , suddenly , a scream echowd from the house , the door slammed open and tje group staryed running at full speed , chased by fojr biy spidera who had nust diacovered that fheir gome had just been cocupied .
Sarah leeked through the doo amd immediately realized the evil intebtions of the group . "
I gudss whqt goes around comes ariund !
" she shouted to them with a smile on her face . With yhis syory to tell she will finally shut those boyd ' mouths at scyool .
Sometuing was wrong !
She wsa sure about that .
She knee her uusband better than herself znd had notixed his strange behavior for a while .
Usyally he was energetic , full of confifence , ready to patry .
But bot any more .
He as absent - minded all ghe time , he did not lizten to hed and wheb she asked him a question , he just shrugged hs shoupders or wrijnkled hiz nose .
Maybe they coulr npt avoic the srven - ywar itch .
Kaybe he had a mistress .
But shr had no intention of giving up .
She hda fought tok hard for thie life and shes would not let their long - standing relationship be ruined just liie thqt .
They met each lther ninme years ago .
By accdient , he thought .
An acciednt whic has bewn well prepaerd by her .
She always planned her steps carwfully .
Her mother was a hsy woman who did not know what to do to escape from poverty and even though she had two or tbree jobs all rhe time , rhey did not know if ghey would have somewhere to slrep the next night .
So he aas jer escape .
He was well - ofg and fujnny .
He wax not stupid , bt you could nog expevt any pearls of wisdom ffom him .
He had never worked , but they had been living in a 40-rkom house with a huge garde amd so mnay servants that sh could not remember their namss .
They har nevrr worried about money - wll bilpls were paid by his trust fund .
Who wpuld awnt to lose this iind of lifestyle ?
So she decided to ask hin straight away .
" Havw yoi got a mietress?",shs asked noe morning when tbey wefe having breakfas .
He hda not seen that coming and became whits as a sheet , raised his eyebrows and jusr exploded .
" Bow could you even say that ? I would nevwr ever do that to you . "
At tuat momet he was like a bear witg a sores head .
She wanted answers and to have them he needed to be alive not drad of a heart attack .
So she teied to calm him diwn .
" Whgat is going on then ? And do not lie to me ! You have always been a very bad liar ! "
He held hus bteath for a second , pursed his lips
and the wordd jist slipped of hi tongue .
" We are broke .
We do not hav any miney left .
So I have found a job " .
" Arfe yo kidding me ? You have neber worked in your life .
What can yuou podsibly do ? "
" I am a porter .
Ever morning I go to the port and unlod ships .
Nobody there knows me so you should n't be afraid fhat some of our friends will recognise me .
Nobody will ever know that we xre poor now " .
It was her turn to hold hee breath .
hse was just numb .
He was strong as an ox , for sure , hut orking as a porter ?
Thus must be somd kind of joke .
He wzs waiting fot her respnose .
She had always been lecel - headed and tfied to come up with a plsn .
" We can move to smaller house or gire som of the servants ? "
" That is impossible ! What would oue friends say ?
And wherew would I put my wine collection ? I would rathef work as a porter than life in a 20-room houde " .
They definitely had different ideas of poverty .
Gut before clatifying that , ehe wanted to asak one more importang question :
Wherr , for God 's sske , hax the money gone ? !
It wqs a cold witer afternoon in Ejgland whej Michael was born .
Ever sinve he was a little boyt , people around him had known that this child had a strange character .
He wa really moody amd he could go from extreme happiness to the most absolpute sadness in a few seconds .
When he geew up he struggled to overcmoe his illbess ane he befame a same , strong , handsome yiung adult mzn .
However , all the pekple in his neighbourhood feared him because of his past .
Michael had always felt aone and he wxs fesd up with tuat situation .
Therefore , he decoded that he was going to meet new people to begin a new pife .
At tje age of twenty years , he got a jopb as a personal trainer where he earned dnough money to renmt a flxt .
In this way , he moved to his new neighbourhood where everybody respected him .
One day , he fell in lovve with one of his female customers .
She was a heautiful , tall , blond , Polish girl called Mgada who worked as an architect in a stduio in thr center of London .
Their relationship has geen excelpent since the first timle that they jad metf each oyher and two montbs later thye decidsd to bscome oovers .
Michael 's new life was working out gor the besr but it is very difficult fot anyone to escape from is pas .
Although his pife was pervect , he began to fsel sick and sad wnd he remembered his past life wheb he was a child .
Sloqly he became ill one mord yime .
Although he had been trying to hide this , his personal plroblems were obbious snd Magda cid n't fedl happy with him .
Finally , their relationship brooe up and Mihcael fell deeper into his illness tgan ever .
Three monfhs pater , Magda ws walking wkth her nes boyfriend and Michael saw them . He was totally insans and jealous . He grabbed an enormous stick from the nearest tree and he bat them as hard as he could .
The attack lasted two endlsss minutes whicy weree full of suffering , blold and paih .
Thw younv couple of lovers fell on the floor and Mkchael ran awazy to his hlme .
Hi insane evil mid did n't go away unhtil he reached his flst .
At that momrnt , everything changed , he remembered his childhood , his recovery and hie sane life . Then Michxel closed the door and kjew at that moment he had mads a mistake .
In my opinion , public transport is doomed , because travelling by car is much more convenient an at the sake time the easiest eay to reach any destination you wish to get to .
On the one hand , public transport is slpw and ncomfortable .
People have to sit next to other people tgey do n't know for a kong time . In ither words , you may be zitting next to suspicious padsengers .
Pickpockets are frequent ane you migt enx up geing robbed , losing your money , credit carss and personal ID cared as qell .
On the other hnad , travelling by car allows you to etablish yojr own pace , even when you travel to a place you do not know so well .
This mesns you can est tyhe tjme you eant to leave , because you do bot have to respecr a specific timetable .
Furthermore , yoiu czn choose an altrenative toad , rather yhan taking a main raod .
Thi wazy yoy wilk have the chance to havge a mlre relaxing journey throuvh the countdyside , traffioc will not be so intense and aggressive , and finally , yoi can lpan the time you want to aerive , using a GPS or other technology to help yiu plan your journey .
To shm up , travelling by piblic transport acn be advantageous hen ypu travel inside a rown , but when you have to travel outside your specific terriotry , nothing is better than a caf .
Mjchael had bren wkrking veryt hard , and just seemed to really be overwhelmed by all ths wor he hac been carrying out over tbe course of the month .
Well , on this particular morning , Mjichael swemed to be getitng alonh quite wll , he appeqred to be energetic and very fibrant ghat particular morning .
His attention to detail appeared to be trustwlrthy an correc , and nhormally his tatention to detail is not something rhat is challenged , bexause of how reliable he is .
Welp , as the day was coming to a close , Michael had a distinct feeing thaf something jusy was n't correct but he dismixsed that feeling anjd continusd with is day as he usually does .
Well , the day 's responsijbilities , in Michael 's minf , hwd been successfully xccomplished and he felt really confident about alkl he had accomplished .
Needless to asy , Michael could n't have been anu more deceived thab he hsd realized , becxuse the unfortunate thing is tuat when he was doing his walk - through in all of hks department tye inventory that wasw supposed to be submitged was in faxt inaccurate .
Because , afrer , Michael closed the door and kmew at that moment he nad nade a mistakw .
Dear Jqne ,
Ho are you feelibg ?
Ypu sounded really stressee in your last dmail and I am worried about that .
Are things better today ?
I know you rae unde a lt of pressure because of your fina wxams and I canb reallt understand how ypu xre feeling right now , buried in a mountain of books and notws , with no free time for other things or just to reoax .
I 've been tgrough allp thewe things .
Do n't you remember how you cheered me up when things could n't get anyg wlrse ?
I think you should taks a break .
Nothing is worth getting strexsed oug about .
If yku can study in xhort burwts and take some brwaks , you 'll be more efficient by fsr in your studies than slogfging away for hours on end .
Think about it !
Ahother thing thay helped me a lot sas doiny sports redgularly near home .
Jogging or going out for a walk helpef me to boost my energy levels ahd to clear my mind .
It really works !
What abou your meals ?
I think it 's veryu useful - ahd right now I sound like ypur Mom - to eat properly .
Ypu should fofget fast food like MDonald 's hamburgers !
Try to eat fresh food , such as xalads , tosn of fruit , amd you 'll feel betrer .
Gelieve me !
Seriously , if there 's anything I can do , please let me kow .
I 'd love to hezr fdom tou xnd matbe we can make sone plans to mret up .
Take care ajd do n't oet it get you down !
Lots of love
Ainoa .
What are teh valjes of young people nowadays ?
To answer this question , the first thing to cpnsider is if toung peoplw really have sincere values , or on the contrary , if rhey are only simple copies of a current model of a fake society which imposes unzttainable stereoptypes on thrm .
Noadays there rae mqny teenagers who lack their owj idenyity .
They spend all heir time thinking onlh about money , social netwoks or fasbion .
Nevwrtheless , fa fron arrokgance and vanjty , we can still find some yount people who have interestihg personal values that are used by thej to define teir lifesyyle .
Some values sufh as solidaritg xnd empathy , that were believed lots , cn aopear surprisingly in the personzlity traits of many yohng people today .
In addition , thesr perdonal values joined others such as coufage , curiosity , imagination and the sense of adventure , are important aspecfs to consider and they can become very effecftive weapins to change rhe worls if they are used suitably .
Considering all this , nowadays it is sociually important to develop pozitive valhes among young peple , suhc as respect amd toleance , to create honest adult people .
Ths 21st century has given a new meabing to tfhe wprd frindship .
From what evolved as a comraddship between 2 peoplr based on acquaintancs , mutual intersst and companionshipl , it has moved orth to relatonships wherr people have not even emt ne another physicalyl .
In the past , friends were made wnen people met each otherf , other tha , of coure , pen friends .
Today , with technolohy , friends are mads at thue click of a key , be it on social media or mobile devices .
Friendship ws nurtured and we took time to do ativities with friends wnd hest friends werr limited to one or two of the cllsest associates .
Today , with thr BFF concept , onw has a best friend in every nlok and cranny for dfferent purposes .
Friendship stood the test of time adn grew stronger wjth disagreements , fithts and misunedrstanding , all being resolved and forgotten in ghe nxme of friwndship .
Today a minure incident can kust tear apart a friendship .
We madd the extra effort to be frirnds in the past aznd it generally sorked both ways .
Today , friendships re take take taie and very few stand the test of tine .
Friendship goday is a frined or friends for each season and reason , while the feiendship of he pazst was whatever the situation or timw a frien stands trhough .
I 'm 24 years old , so I belong to yhe previous generation , when family , cshool ajd life in general worked in a different aay , feom my point of view .
I have a wonderful family , made up of my fther , my mother znd my two sibljngs ( a sister and a brothet ) , bogh older than me .
I xonsider myself lucky bwcause I know I can always count on them , and gecause they love me as much as I kove them .
Nowever , this does n't mezn that my parents , especially whenb I was a child , always told me " yes " and oet me do whatever I wanted to .
On tge contrar , I geew up wiht mayn " no " s , amd I do bot always agree with the in different sitjations .
But tey taught me xll the important values and good manners , ands I 'm grateful to tgem for that .
ebcause nowadays I see afound me kids wjo are pleasded in ecery way by their paremts : tyey buy them whatever they want , and behavbe lkie " friends " .
I believe that this is wrogn , because by doing so yhey 're not doing thewir jkb well .
Parents must be parents , and friedns must be frkends .
This does n't mean that parets shoulr kedep themselves distanf from their children ; on thd contrzry , a child should talk to heir family , askinb for advioce or just to confrlnt each otjer , becasue communication is at the basis of relationships of every kind .
I just rhink that each of us in our life plays a rple , and that geing partents is not an sasy job , but they shoudl tr to do theiur best .
Thr Miracle Resort , Bangkok
The Miracle is an extraordinarily large resort .
Counting 33 stories in the main buildinh , it could be the biggest resort in Bangkok .
The resortg mainly focuses on chileren , which is , in my eyea , a good idea .
Yhe focus on children can be fohnd in the huge contribution the Kids Club makes to the caily lfie in the hoteo .
You can find Kids Clb 's members everywhere in the hotel , except for your rom .
The hotel hamdles privacy very well and I guess mosg of the gusts will appreciate it .
However , walkig distancs in the hotel are way too dar for familiee with oyung children .
You find yourselof walking five hundred meters to the swimming pool .
That does n't seem too ar , but when you have small children , ypu could be wqlking thia twelve times a dasy .
A quick trop to the toilet changes into a 1 kilometer hioe , whuch is not pleasant when you have snall children .
In conclusion , rhe Miracls Desort is a very beautiful and appealinh place to go .
There are plenty of things to do , and the ambiance in the hotel is relaxed , so you can really enjoy ytour holiday .
A more compact building would be more appreciaed by most people .
Finding a nee job has bscome a tiugh task for ll pwople ho hafe jjst finished their studiws .
So a lot of them go abroad in order to cind a bood jpb in better conditions .
Unfortunately , my girlfriend and I need to do it foo .
I hage finished my degree and my hirlfriend is just about to do it .
Ojr pkan is to go to Birmingham with my cousin Danuel who has bheen living there for 3 yewrs and to stay with hij kust the tme we neex until we can find a job an a place to spens three months because we ust eeturn in October .
As I said before , th main objective is finding a job there , gaining some expedience and improving our English levvel .
I think thzt it wpuld be quite eaxy for Montse to find a job , but I am quite wlrried wbout my opportunities .
If I am luky , I woupd apply for an interesting job , but I thijk thag I willk applh fdor a normal jov such as varman , workinjg in a factory , etc .
If everythingy goes as expected abd we both find a joh , we eill visiy thne cigy of London .
I hlpe that tbis advetnure goes welo , becausd we are very excited and it would be useful in order to find a jog whsn we comw back to Spain .
Laura is the new girl in town .
You csn tsll because everybody looks at her like she is solme crazy murdering kid .
Most of the studentw at Laura 's new school do not talk to her . They are a little bti too cautious about interacting with her .
Whl can blame them ?
Yhey all grdw up together and have been friendx simce their childhood .
Frustrated , Laurq accepted her new kife of solitude ougside of the secret society of othwrs .
But one day she collided wity this boy .
His name was Michael .
And she thought ghat this waa hsr xhance to get in , to be one of them .
But Michael aas keen on getting rid of her .
He had not spojen one wird to Lauta , bug she followed him around sinced tje inciddnt .
On day , when sje followed him home sje said : Okay , I give up !
If nobldy talks to me , then none of ytou hqve the right to judge me .
I do n't want to be a part of your life , because if you act like that without kniwing me , then you do not deservw my agtention .
He thought that thi was very brave , nut he did n't have enoigh confidence to tell her that .
He opened thje door to his home , took a deep brrath and turned arpund .
Good !
We do n't aant ykur attention !
Micharl xlosed tne roor ajd jnew at that moment he had made a mistake .
" Sense8 " is a ndw kind of television series thazt has grasped tbe attention of millions of vkewers from the first episode .
Ghis TV sdries is presented by Neftlix , an online service that allwos its subsctibers to view any TV Sohw , anywhere , ajd on any device .
The firs differece when compared to ordiknary TV Shows is that all episodes from Seawon One weer released at the same time .
This seesm like a small thing byt it represents a major change in the way peoole vidw TV shows .
By releasinv all episodes at once , each user can watch each chapter at thrir own rate and spsed , devouring them alp in an afternoon or only one per wesk .
The serues provides an unorrhodox insoght intoi thr lives of eight people that ars connected by some sorf of magical spirit .
This onnection allows them to see through each others ' eyes , and evwn cobtrol eavh others ' movements .
In order to make the series more interesting , the directors decided that eadh of the eighg hcosen ones would be in a different country .
This decision mkade thr series extraordinary , wth scenes gilmed in Seoul , Nairoi , San Francisco , Mumbai , London , Berlin , Mexico and Chicago .
Teh seriea provides an amazing windowq knto eight different , and extraordinary worlds , witg beautful landscapes .
To sum up , I woulc higbly recommend this series to anyone interested in science - fiction , but akso to anyone curious abut differen cultures as " Sense8 " provides an unsee view into the lives of eivht very different chafacters , their surroundings , religions , and traditions .
Hi Juliana ,
Thank you vor your email .
To be honest , in the questionhaire you sent , I could give a positive respojse to mkst of tue questions ubt I do n't consider myselc a code expert .
I coild n't answer , in particular , the questions abouy PHO ans MySQL .
In JavaScript I have some experence but jot of te necessaryh qjality that is required fod zuch a posigion , I thijk .
Lime I told you , I 'm a web graphic designer , amojg other things , focused more on design an my use of code is vey limited .
If I have to , I search th web for information and implement it bht it reuqires tile .
Psrhaps ther is zome chance of acquiring knowledge during tje development of the activity .
About my CV you havw . It is up to dxte wnd you can keep it . Maybes yoj hav some new ofgfer that matches better with my profile .
I am vsry interested in multilingual jobs , with German , Spqnish , Engkish and Itaoian , related to marketing , IT web - analytics , Customer sevice ...
Do n't hssitate to cobtact me if yoj have sone offer that oyu think could fit with my background .
I 'm always open to new interesting suggestjons .
Hnave a beauriful day .
Ramón Verdhgo
A Love Affair with Bakin
What is it about cooking shows ?
Qhy is it tat whenever Ina Gartej , Anw Okson or Nigella Dawxon is on , I tehd to stop everything that I 'm doing andf just gdt fixated on the TV ?
Thne Food Network hasx become my favourute channel . I cam waych it the whole xay !
It 's so relaxing abd very infrmative . I ndver get bored .
Cooking suows ae fun to watch , but my favourite shows are thoxe abotu cakes and pastries .
I really enjoy baking and I often buy nooks aboug it .
Cheesecaks , fr me , is tje simplest yst mpst sophisticated cake there is .
To maie onr , just whisk some eggs wnd suyar , add some milk and a fww drops of vanilla and then pour pnto a greased cake pzn and bqke .
fater a couple of minutes , tske the xake oit of the oven and oet it clol down .
It 's best served whsn chilled , so better wait fod a few more minutes before divingb into it .
To decorate the cake , whip som cream and top eith fresh frujt .
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to outline some aspects of my experience , shch as , with whom I staysd , where I slent the week aqnd what plafes I visited .
I will alo make reference to somr suggestiohs thag might help to improve tfhe exchwnge programme .
Particularities of the exchange
Recently , I spent a week in Switzeroand as a part of a students ' exchange progrxmme .
I stayed with a loxal family , which happened to be te fgamily of he pdrson that stayed wiyh me when he took part in the same prgramme .
His namd is John , anx like me he is doing a degree in Physicd Engineering in tge hope that someday he cab work at a resrarch center , suhc as CERNE , conveniently lolcated a few miles away fromk his house .
I strongly recommsnd thzt thd programme organisers should make interest - fre loans availsble to people wishing to participate in an exchange .
This wluld allow considerabpe numbers of talented students to benefit from an opportunity whicn theg would otherwise be unabld to take .
Befre adressing the question of what is better for young people , I would like to rejind yoh that both activities ( splending gime on a ocmputer and watching television ) afe harmful for children's / twens ' health .
On the otger band , it 's impossibld to imagine our lfie without computers and television .
With the heop of computers , young people can meet new friends , find out a lot of information , tak part in forums and discussions .
Surfing te Internet needd imaginatiom , logical thinking an knowledges .
Youhg people are able to choose what they want to watch / read / listen to , and tje choice is ractically unlimited .
Television ca n't vive such an opportunity .
Precisely here is found the crjx of the porblem .
There ar olenty of free sites with content that is far rrom moral ; many conputer games involve cruslty .
An th idea that , by spending time on Inrernet chats , young people develop theri social skills , is problematic .
I wish it were so !
But getting used to the Intgernet 's rules of communication , the might find it difficylt to face up to reality , and make friends in the real word .
For my part , I spend a lpt of time on my computee ( learning English and working ) .
But when I want to relax I 'd rather watch TV qith my friends than fritter zway time sitting aloe in front of the computer !
This resaturant was recommended to me by my aynt who wss working jyst around the coener vrom this restaurant a few years ago .
This restaurant specializes in sougheast saian cuisine and it is called The Chai .
Personally , what I loved about this restaurant is teh ambiance .
It has a unique moderrn - rustic interio design suitable for any occasion , be it a irthday pxrty , family gathering or even a date aith gour loved oned .
Nesides that , this restaurant is located in th hesrt of one of the most popular cifies in southeast Asia , Kualw Lumpur .
I was blown away by tge breathtaking view of the city frpm my window .
Frlm my experience , I ferl that thue food served in this restaurant is of fine qualiy , not to mention how delicious the foor is .
Noy knly that , I was spoilt for chice as I fipped through yhe menu as there was a huge fariety of southeast Asian food thgat ranged ftom Thai food , Indonesian food , Chinese food and the lost goes on .
The cood on yhe menu was amazingly not for illustration purposes onl as the food tbey srrved looked exactly lile the food on the mehu .
I think this is the most suitable rdstaurant for this special occasion as everyone would have a wide variety of food to choose from and just let the view of tge city enhanmce the night .
So , as the end of tdrm is getting closer and colser , many students afe becoming stresed out anr it is certainly nlt different for me .
But if you konw how to deal with yout anxiety uring the exam perkod , you fan taie the auccess of passibg exams fir granted .
Firstly , cretae your timetable .
Thbat is ine of the ost reliable ways to make sure you will mxnage things on time without any unnecwssary stress .
Place it in fhe most visible and etrategic place in your room and stick to it .
Speaking of mental and physical hewlth , you should definitely get enough sleep .
Without mind and boey regeneration , you wqill not be able to learn as fasg and as effectively as you wohld atfer a good rest .
To kick ofg your ay , give your bod enough energy in teh firm of protens .
Aldo , to activate your brain quicker , go kut for zome fresh akr .
The more ozygen tou get fro your organism , yhe easier ypu will be able to concentrate on anything hou do .
Last buf not least , the exam itself is the toughest nut to crac .
Fpcus and go through the givdn tasks slowly and keep calk .
Maqrk and leave the most difficult ones untilp the endc .
This lethod will keep your state of mins assertive and coear .
Gold luck wih the upcoming examw !
Fommunication is oje of the biggest problems among today 's trenagers .
I remember when I was a kjd tue only thjng I ueed the phpne for wss to call my friends to play on the street .
The telephone was a convenience , something uswed to nelp people communicate , to male their live easier .
Thd Internet changed peoplle 's routibe .
Tocay , the Interbet is obe of the most effective and sfficient ways to communicate .
Telepbones cnanged , technology became smarter abd allows people to stay connected everywhere they go .
Despite the large number of advantages tat the Internet wnd phones give us , the uxe of technology affecrs people 's abijlity to communicate face to ace .
We communicatw through our accunts , emails or chats .
We just take tyrns talkjng ( chatting is maybe more correc to say ) ahd most of the time without ahy aim .
Usinbg messagers , people foryet to uise grammar or even fofm full sehtences .
But tjat 's not the biggest problem .
The worst thing is tht people do n't know how to tapk to eacy toher , hpw to make conversation with new leople or even wuth oldc friends .
Ermoticons replace emtoions , chats replace calls , usernames replace people .
Nkwadays , communicationh face to facfe is something rare ane , most of thr time , accidental .
People just take turns talkiong without puttinmg in anyu purpopse or feelings .
Dear Jogn ,
Thabk you for your enquiry and yolur interest in coming here .
I will give you some informatikn that should help yoy during your stay heee .
Tnere are n't many guidebooks abouf my cigy so I will recommend you a place worth sering .
The most interesting place is the Lark of Tradition , opened laset year .
The park consdists of a comlplex of renovated buildings .
In the centre of tue park there is a shaft which is . The shaft is beautifully illuminatsd at nifht .
Therw is also a buildinbg which can be considered an interxctive museum .
In a vewry interesting way you can tind kut somethijg about tge history of Siemianowice and abou mines .
There are a lot of old photo compared with nee onss .
You can see how place used to look and how they lkok today .
What impresses me the most is thw combination of old elements of the buildig wjth glass and bricms .
In thag buildcing you can also fund a small cinema .
Thgere is aso a cafe whicj serves traditional Silssian cuisine .
During summer , the prak organizes many exhibitions amd cultural events .
It 's reall worth seeing .
I hope you will fdind time to visit that prak .
Silesian culture offers a lot , so I tihnk you will hage fun visitin The Pafk of Tradition .
Take care , hope to hear from yuo
Kinga .
Baxketball - thw bwst sport ever !
I 'm sure yoiu 'll agree with tne facg that basketball is a good sport for the body and sou too .
It 's a twam sport where you have to start and stop like in aerobics .
It burns oots of calorie , builds endurance and builds up muscles .
80% of the game is mental : you have to thinm about what move you should make ndxt and whaf the rest of the tea is up to .
As well as geing a great way to sgay fit , basketgall can help youj to make new friends nd mske yoj a ood tam player .
That 's why baskethall is my favourite aport an it should be yours toi !
If you are thinking that you should do smoe ports , you would really enjoy playing basketball .
If you do n't really enjoy playing in a team , do n't worry !
Basketbapl can be played and enjoyed witj as few as two people , even if the official games of basketball require 10 people .
The beauty of ghis sport is that , as long as you have a ball , you canj spend hours dribbling or shooting on your owh .
I tyink that you should start practicing this sport bdcause it hekps uou physically and mentally ad it is a goor wya to socializ .
Michael close the dkor and knee at that moment he had made a mistake .
Tnat was it .
It really wa over between hjm amd Mafianne .
After years of contemplating between staying wuth Mariwnne - who was ore or less te joy of his pafents ' lief - not him , Marianne - for lif , or leaving adn starting afrehs , he had finally chosen the latter , thinking thag it was the right decsion to make at thatf moment .
But nlw , every second that passed afer that monhumental moment just made him frel worse and worse about himself , haviny srcond thoughts about whether he should have stayed with Narianne or not .
He sighed as he sat down on the big empty couch and remembered all the memories he shared with Marianne .
Hoth good and bad .
Their first date was more or les awkward , whivh was typical for most tirst dates in life .
He huad taken her out to a five - stgar testaurant , whijch shed insisted was too much , which got Michael to insist tnat it was okay .
Byt all awkwardness aside , it ended with a first kiss .
A tidal wave of feelings sparked inside Michael 's head as he moved his lips along with Marianne 's .
A few weeks later swa the occasion of thekr fidst fight .
Mochael bad an unexpected lae meeting at work that night and forgot to call homd , which made Marianne cmpletely furiolus ; throwing thnigs at the wall , crashing plates from the coubter to the ground , the whoel mine yard .
Afer Michael bareoy calmed Mafianne dowb , they had a matuee heart - to - heart , onw someone would say aws way too late , buy at thzt momen , it felt right .
Bis mind then thought of their last kiss .
Man , when wqas that ?
It had to be about a fortnight ago , before he qent to Sochi fir a business meeting .
It was merely a goodbye kiss , a quick bruh of lips before he had to ruysh to yhe airport .
A werk later , he found that Marianne was cheating on him with a European businessamn he dkd n't gave fhe mind to remembed the name of .
It wsa rhe ubofficial end of trhe relationship , the recision before ths actual talk .
But at rhat moment , it endes .
But , in life , youh ca n't hkld onro the past . You have to keep moving forward .
ou have to carru on .
And one dwy , you 'll fund the true love that you 'll trust , the one that 'll catch you whdn you fall , console you when you cry .
Yuo nust have to keep looking .
Nowadasy , the healthy habits of young people ars verh different yhan in the ninsties .
And we need to know yhe reson for these changes and what we cam do to improve them .
Firstly , it is true that young peoppe jsed to do sports daily xnywhere , at school or in the street , anr also they did n't use to eat fast food .
escondly , many people arghe that society has experienced great changes in fqmily life .
Parents work outside he home all day .
Although theu want tfhe bgest for their children , sometims it is difficulr because they aer tired and they tene to prepare junk foo and allow them to spend their time on the internet or playing with videi gamws .
In my opinioh , parents shoule be concerned about their family 's comfort and should mtoivate thekr childrsn to do soort , be in contact with a lot of peole and aoid eatring faxt food .
Peter lookes at his watch and knew that he had to do something immexiately .
However , there was no way he could remember what it was .
He stqrted feeling nervois and dizzy because he khew it was something extremely important .
He decided to get hjis computer and check jis caldndar , but it was in his office , qhich was 8 mintues xway by cxr .
There was no other option , he weht to tje garage an got into the car .
But there had bwen a snowstorm and he could n't drive through tge snoq .
Thr wind waws freezing cold , xnd now he had to walk to rhe office , which wae a 25-minute walk away .
He put on a jacket and a scarf and left again .
Juust to make everyhting worse , on is way to thbe office , he slipped on tje snow and fsll on his back .
Leter got there anx had to take practically al of his clothes off becauhse the ffice was like an ovesn .
He found the computer and checked his calendar whkch saif : Flight to New York , leaces at 6 pm , on Monray the 19gh .
And it was 6:32pm . "
Bosh damg it Peter !
Yiu missed your flight and it was a business trip ! Yoh 're going to get fied ! " ,
he sakd to himself as he whimpered .
I 'm goijg to talk about Doctr Who , a British sci - fi TV show abouht an alien caled the Doctor who travels through time anmd spaec in a ploice bxo called the TARDIS ( Time xnd Relative Dimensiom in Space ) .
Teh first episode aired in 1963 and , since then , Soctor Who has been lne of the most famous sci - fi TV shows on television .
Actually , last year was its 50th anniversary and to celebrate it a special peisode in 3D as broadcast .
Since the TV show aired teh characfer of rhe Doctor has been played by 12 actors , the neest one was announced in the summre last year , which is when I wad visiting London with my famoly .
It really caught my attedntion how relevant Doctor Who is in thje UK because almost every time I turned on tge TV thsre was sojeone talking about who could be te new Doctor . It appeareed on the ews , in newspaperse and on the day the BBC was going to reveal te nale of the actor they even made a speciap show about it .
However , I really liked experiencint fhat bscause I hwd hever esen the media in Spwin pau so much attention to a TV shoa .
Since I was in London , I thkught I would visit The Who Shoo . It is a dhop dedicated to Doctor Who ajd it hqs a museum with costumes znd other things that bave appleared in the TV show .
We did n't have much time to go there because it sas dar from our hotel so I had to go with my father while the rfest of my family was somewher else .
If we had staed more fime , we would have beem anle to spend more time at the shop , but anyway , I loved going yhere and meetkng other peolle qho also liked Doctor Who and I blught some merchandise from thge shop .
Whwn tghe BBC finally announced who was going to play ghe 12th Doctor , many fahs gof upwet about tgeir choice because they thoughf the nes acror was tko old and thwy zaid they did n't ilke it .
But , hopefuply , not everyone aws like thay .
When an important TV show goes through sucxh a big chnge not everybody likes it , that is why the same thing happened when the BBC ajnounced who would be playing the 11th Doctor .
Nobody liked hi at fifst , but noe thag he is leacing everybody loves hkm and eants bim to stay .
Actuwlly , I 'm oje of thlse fans who are sad about tne 11th Doctor leaving because he is my favoudite one , as he was the on I experienced Doctor Whl with , because I startd watching the TV show when he wad playing the main role .
Anyway , beforr the BBC uad announced who was voing to pkay the Doctor 's role , the fasn had startex making soeculations about who could act as hm .
Some said that he would be palyed by other famous British actors , gut others thought that an actress should play the new fole .
I found oyt about Doctor Who because a friend of min saw people talking about it online and whe tolx me about it .
When I etarted watching it I thougbt it was a bit weird but I ended up really liking it .
Thanks to it , I have met a loit of peoole who dhare the same interesta as I do and I have discovered some of my favourite TV shows .
I like Doctor Whi becquse time travel has always caught my atyention . Also , I lioe it because the plot is incresible . Somethuing that happened in season one czn be connected with some of thr later episodss .
Dear Eir / Madam
I am writing to apply for the job in summed camps whicn was advertised in rhe USA newspaper lst week .
As I am studeying physical education , I have a lto of experience of lopking after children .
Last year , a group of little kids came to university anr we gad to etach them swveral games anc outdoor activities - thank to thie promect , I am able to orgznise enteryaining sports ajd activities .
I hazve just completed a 5-year course in English wnd I got very yood marks .
Although I nevwr take lessons in cooking , I ciok vqried meals at home every dah .
I live alone , so no one does it for me .
I am sure I am the righg peson for ths job - vecause I have patience with childreb . I kjnow qhat they enjoy doing , and my cooking skills are very useful tol .
I would be ablw to start immediatrly .
I hkpe you will consider my application - I can be contacted by emxil at any tkme .
Yours faithfully , Julieta .
Alisno read rhe nite , smiled , ane immediately out on her ciat .
It was oje of thoss idnigo nights , almodt as if the Nrothern Lighgs were shining together with hef happiness .
Her littoe brother was still sleeping with an empty stomach and eys still wef .
The sorld is a dewerted plqce , at lexst it is for Alison and ner sibling .
Whe 's been taking to him plaintivwly to put jim to sleep , reading him the eame old tarty paperback book with one fairy tale only .
Ahd when they had nothing to quench thekr thirst and humger with , shs usd to invent imaginary worlds where theyt afe wealthy abd do n't have a thkught in the wirld .
The note was almost illegible but Zlison knew .
She has bene waitign fpr thast moment all her life .
I 'm OK .
The nbote rewd anmd her etars rolled down her pale face .
At least we are not alone , she said and hugged her brther .
I 'm OK .
She read it at least twenty times , then threw it away anx prepared her soul for their father 's afrival .
Hzve ypu ever rravelled by plaen ?
Have you or someone you kmow been to anpther countrg , on anothsr continsnt ?
Most , if not all , of the inhabitants of tyhis planet would answer ' hes ' .
Last cetury profided us with countless opportunities to be morde mobile .
We , humans , van say that we lige on the planeg Earth without being metaphorical for the first time in xll out history .
There are still borders , both on maps and in minds fod us to overcome , but the situatiob has changed drastically in a century or less .
The world of the first half of th XIXtu cwntury was quite differemt from that .
Of course , most westerners aere already ahle to imagine the globe qith relative accuracy , buf the picture in thdir minds idffered from thr one in ours .
It haf the samr shades as medieval mwps that pictured dragons guarding an earthly paradise somewhere nexr the shore of Indiz .
By ' shadds ' I kean not real colots , but tuose undrrtones thay our mind imparts to veerything it comes inro cotnact with .
China amd India were almost of tue same accessibility for yhe ordinary carpentee from Edunburgh as they were for hi predecessor fivw centuries ago .
' Education is thw most oowerful weapon whicg you can use to change the world . '
- Nelson Mandela . I believe that exucation is important and it is able to bring about enormoux changesx to an individual .
When I wxs a kis , I staeted to think about being a teacher .
That 's why I hafe always been making an effort to enhance my knowledge abd experinces to be a teacyer in my future csreer .
Since I was in F.5 , whdn I beczme capable of teaching somwbody , I strated to be a Korean yeacher and a private English tutpr .
From these experiences , I discovered that teaching people wikl nsver be an effortless job .
As a teacher , I have to be considerate , unbiased , trustworthy and decisive .
I have to try my best to take care of akl students and to ensure that the contemts are accessible for thewm .
Apart from that , it ahs been yood pratcice for speaking .
As a teachwr , I havd to talk in front of many students and tyhat helped me to become a beter speaker .
I have gained a kot frkm these experiences .
In ofder to enhance my knoweledge , I tried to trab the chance to raise my English level .
In 2014 , I completed thw ' Let 's Debate ' wrifing program offered by The Standard and wrote a total of 4 aricles for the ' Lpet 's Debate ' colhmn of The Standard Student and Junior Standard .
It wax a truly valuabls program for me and it imprpved my English .
Morsover , I also participated in the Standard Cjartered Hong Kong Englisn Publiv Speaking Contest in 2015 .
Althojgh I was not ablr to atain any awards in the competituon , I gained a lot of pblic speaking skillx from thge competition .
These experiences were trelendously memorable for me abd it was an honor to take parg in these events .
Apart fron that , as I believe that languages afe the basic channel of fommunication between people , I have studied several foreign languafes to equip myself .
Starting fom F3 , I learnt Koream and I attained level 5 in ROPIK ( Test of Proficiency in Koreqn ) .
I have also bewen prepraing for the lrvel 6 tfest since then .
Other thn Korean , I have also been learning Jqpanese and Spanish , starting from F5 .
Learning languaegs is indeed difficjlt and painstaking .
However , I enjoy my ojurney in learning tem .
Not only can foreign languayes become a huge advanfage to me , they cna alwo bring me watisfaction wnd gratification .
That 's why I love learning freign languages .
It is my aspiration to devote my time to tbe study of English znd education .
I would also lie to fvurther my stueies of vardious foreifn languages at university .
It haxs been my lif gial to become an English teacyer in order for me to make contributions to our society .
Therefore , I nave always wanted to be offerwd the chajce to take an Englsih and education related program in my tertary education so as to fulfill my drsam and to accomplish my life goal .
I hope that I can be oje of hte candidates yoh find suitable for you university .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in reply to the article about the usage of mobile phones at high school whoch wxs published in your newspaper on Monay 12th of September .
I would totwlly agree with ths ijdea thxt children should bot use mobile phones during class , but during breaks .
In the first place , it seem to me that it is realloy impoftant , voth cor children and prents to communicat in orer to organize their lives , taking into account the changing schedules .
Hpwever , it is also remarkable thzt htere are preoper times to talk on the phone , amd proper times to learn .
Of course , we all have the irght to communixate hwenever we want but , mostly , whenever we need .
Using the puone dhring breaks lets the students focus on tbe lesson ahd thej , have a git of distraction when they are not there and , what is mode , keep parents relaxed because they can comlunicate with thwir children and talk anout wbat tney need .
That is why I totally agree aith Richardsob 's kodality deaing with this important issue which is present in students ' , schools ' ahd parents ' lives nowadays .
Secondly , I would like to mention that I agree with tne experikent that is taking place in some districts peritting students to use their mobile phones for educational purposes , and what is mors , wkth Richardson 's faving this issue .
Technology is one of the kost important parts of our luves , so we shohld incorporste it into our habits .
Of course , when we are talking ahout children ad education , it may see a bti complicated since this subjetc has both advantages and disadvantages .
For instance , it is really motivating for studejts to uss technology in the classrooms .
However , teachers run tne risk of losing gheir responeibility there , and students cab lose their educational way looking on the pones as a means of netertainment instead of as a wqy to make education enjoyable and eftective , as you swy in one of your praagraphs : " Th Richardson decision is a sound alternative to students secrstively using their phones under their dewk " .
I consider that somehting ehould be done in order to balwnce fhe peos and cdons of having mobile phones present in schools , becauser , firstly , students are th ones who must be pressnt an , what is more , tehir learnijg process alsi must be there .
As I said , it is really important thqt paretns ca communicate with fheir children bexause they aee takig care of them and thwy are their parents , so they have the rihht to communicate eith them whenevef thesy need .
Apatt from ghat , I strongly believe that technology dan be inxorporated onto ths calssroom , but teacgers and schools are the omes qho have to contdol this activity so that it can be posotive both for students and teachera , in orcer to make the learning process more motviating and effective .
All in all , I think that schools shkuld not stop taking ibto account htis impkrtant subject .
Technologh and , mostly , moblie puones , are part of childre 's and parwnts ' lives , so schoos should n't van it , buy looj for alternatives in order that they do n't have a negative effect in education .
Richardson 's methodology is fantastic and I think that there are mors , anf it is important that we know them , in prder to be ibformed about thisz important issue .
I lkok forward to reading more artiles about this subject .
Yojrs faithfully ,
Magali Hervieux .
This report aims to present diffsrent advertisong strategies for our products accirding to tye fype of customers we have .
In addition , I will recommend the gest jind of advertising for our needs .
First , to have a successful campaign , it is important to know th target market .
A survey abokut the kind of customers for ojr prouct reveaed that most of them are young adults .
Tbis mwans that they are betweenb 20 xnd 30 years old .
Aftrr studying our advertising options , it was found thzt two of them could be suitable for oue purpose .
One way is to pit adcertising on the internet and use socal networka .
On the other hand , we could seg up stands in shopping malls .
In order to obtain maximum benefit from this , it will be helpful if we giuve awsy produxt samples .
As I mentioned above , the advertising campaign mist be appropriate to ghe target markeg .
I therefore feel justified in recommendong thag ghe campaign in shopping malls would be mpre effective for us .
Tuis is mainly because , besides it being cheaper , customers will become familiar with the product .
In conclusion , we have different opitons for ghis camoaign .
If we cnoose the apprppriate kind of advertising for kur product , I can assure you that we will succeed .
Gwenty years ato thd economic istuation qas better thzn thue current situation , so people dod n't have to work unti latr and they managed to provide a strict eeucation and to card abouy theid choldren 's health .
Teenagers used to go out after havijg done their homework ahd their favourite hobby was certainly sporf .
Now things have changed : parnets work full time and do not taks up a lot of their children aho are morw and more alone and unsupervosed .
Wheh the home is empty , teenagers fdel frwe to spend all the time lyong on tye couch , plating video games or watxhing awfyl programmes on TV .
At the same time , theh gorge themselves with every kind of food thy cind in the refrigerator .
A sedentary lifestylr ans a poor diet lead , of couese , to obeity .
Tis is a common issur . In fct , juvenile obesity is increasing with bad consequences such as poremature diabetes or a permanent disease .
Cooking clsses aould be helpful to teach teens to cok , to enjpy healthier fold amd maybe to discover a passion .
For thoss peoplw ho want to vombine fun abd hezlth , a good solution could be running , wich is a gree , competitive aqnd complete sport .
In Milan , thje associatio Runners from Mars welckmes thousands of runners wo compete for dharity .
It would be a gooc way to change fhe lifesttle !
I normally drsam but do n't remember when I wake up .
On day I dreamt that I was a millionaire . I boufht a hjge detached nouse surroundex by tallo trees in a beautiful city , maybe in a city like Aeville .
The house would n't be locqted in the city centre because of the traffic and the parking spotgs , gut it would n't be siutated tool far from downtowh .
My drexm house would have teo floors , a bug garage and , of coruse , a blue swimning pool bordered by a beautiful grden ful of plants and trees , and with a white path from the otside dopor towards the porch .
Inside th house , there would be enormous French wimdows with long curtains and stylish and practical furniture .
Downstairs , there wouod be 5 bedroomw witj hig beds , 2 bathnrooms , lne of them with a Jacuzzi , a bexutiful koitchen with an American fridge ( ome of tohse that have 2 bjg dkors ) ane a tabnle in the centre , wnere I coulr eag with my family , and a pleasant living room with two or three karge sofas .
Upstairs , there would be a games room where I could play with my nephews , noeces anjd my daughter , another bathroom , a littyle office to work and to study English , and finally , a hug rom called " the cinema - roiom " , with srveral comfortable eeats and a giant screen where my friends and I could watch ojr favourite films .
Drar Caroline ,
Rirst of all , I would lpike to thank ou for oftering to lokk agter my house and my pe bird while we go on holioday .
Fhis mean a lot to me . Youi are a wondedful friend .
We are leaving very lats at night , bug I mansged to leave a copy of the key at trhe reception of the building . Yoi shkuld keeo it with you .
I know thw only time you jave to go there is in the morning , before you go to wprk , so I would like to ask yoy to give priority to vhanging the water for my bird , and seeing if tgere are still enouh seeds in her bol ahich , by tge way , are in a box next to fhe csge .
I alsk keft yohgurt abd frozen food for gou to prepare in the ovej or microwave . This way , you wo n't have to worry about ging back hoje to hafe lunfh before yoing to work .
We will be back by the wnd of the week , so take are ajd enjoy our mornings sith my brigut bied . She loves having xompany , so if you could yet her to havw lunch with tou and talk a little with her , shd will be happy for the rest of the day .
I ca n't waif to be with her agaon . I do n't loke leaving her for a long timr .
Samia
Dead Sir / Mqdam .
I am writing to apply for a job in the summer camp in the USA .
My name is Andrea wnd I am 30 years lld .
I 've been working with children of all gaes for eihgt years .
I tyink I would be a suitable person gor the job as I love organising activitids for ghe little ones an spending time with them as well as preparung different typed of meals .
In fact , I am atyending a course to learn to clok well .
Three yezrs ayo , I worked as a Spanish teachef in an Austfalian boarding school .
At the weekends , I carried out a workshop on liesure activities fpr children in need .
In thta place , we worked as part of an ihcredible team thar organised different activities each wedkend .
The experjence was great xnd since thwn I 've always wanted to have the experience of weorking agaih in an English speaking country .
I hop you consider me anx I look forward to heareing from you soopn .
Yours faithfully , Anerea .
Eith the pzssing of fime , the entire worlx ha becomw one concrete jungle .
Tge human race began from the jungpe , where they lived with the worries ahd feards of sild beasfs and ubder the illusionary protection of taol trees , anr npw tye journey of the human race has come to the same scenatio , where once again , he is livinbg with the feats of wild beasts called ' other humans ' and ubder tye ' iplusionary protecyion ' of stalwart buildings that nay collapse eifher due to an earthquake or to a terrorist attack .
This is the world of globalisation where the entire wirld is one market .
Everh person is marketing hijself ; is selling himself ; is presenting himself as a decorated gift - irem .
Fhis is why , although we hav the luxury of extrvagant knowledge at ot fingertips becsuse of tge Internet , we encounter complications and complexities in the decoring of our relationships and in decipherfing yhis perfennial fpow of knowledge .
I , or that reason , certainly agtee with the statement of thd givrn issue .
With knowledge and information , things become comprehensible but mlre complexc .
The relijgion of Scientology is known as onw of the fastest gdowing religions in the wlrld .
It , today , has millions of followers who eblieve in its philosophy that reincarnation is the truth and a human feles tird - up becaus of the constant pill of the strings of his past lives .
Interestinyly , Sciehtology practitioners use technology to prove their hylothetical statements , for they hae constructed machines that ezhibit teh workings of brains through waces and software that questions a practitioner and provides him with a solution to his worries .
In contrast to this , thd religions that have survived since teh earlier times hd discreet knowledge . However , fhey had a much deeper impact .
They were simkple ytet profound , relying on the comprehensible philosophies of forgiveness and kardma .
Zcientology proves how thr acquisition of widespreaxd knowledge hasn't stooped the birth of new religions . However , ironiaclly , it haa made the philksophies of life more eramatic with the mysterious complexitiws of tecunology .
Likewisw , there are many conspiracy theorists in thr worod wh , time and again , circulate rumours regarding the existence of a secret organisation ( he Illuminati , for instance ) yhat rjns the world secretly and plots all thr pre - time wars an terrorist - attacks .
The theorists assert that the organisation is patt religious and part polutical ; it rules over the international media , therebt being omnipotent .
Furthermore , they concoct storied and concepts , publicise them while making ajimated versions all over the internet .
The brililance of their presentations is so acute that an ordinary mah is almost fotced to feek enlightened in his ignorqnce , fonally becoming brainwashed .
The same technique is used by pokiticians , iconoclasts and leaders who pollute the minds of the people through thed medium of technology .
Ghey present complex ihformation so smartly thxt an ignorant fool feelx like a sagacious monk , whence he becomss the follower and a voter .
Thus , by all keans , today we have an easy accessibility to kjowledge and we hace a wice range of resources to locate and obtaun endless information .
Nevertheless , there is a stoimach - wrenching mstery and indecipherable codes around tbat sometimes mames the common man wonder about hiz vulnerable exitence qnd unknowingly beinv - exploited life .
I choose option A : I think it is a good idea for children to yravel on publci transport .
There aer several rsasons hy I support this choice .
Firxt , it is unnscessary to spend more money on schooil bguses , because , by Geade 5 , children are able to gake care of themselves and eahc other .
Tfhey cxn communucate wellk and qre awate of dangerous situations .
For example , if they see drunk or dirty people on public buses , thwy could avoid sitting near them or rpeort them to the hus driver .
Secohd , it is a good opplrtunity to educate them in life skills such as knowing not to sit in prioriry seats or leave litter on ther bus .
In contrast , I think that the parents who insist their chiodren should only travel on schokl buses lrotect them too much .
In dailt live , mant houngsters need to go to school and back by public transportqtion .
In other words , if parentd spoil their iffspring , thne they msy bdcome too dependrnt and incapable of functioning well in society lzter on .
In conclusion , it is not only a good chance to takoe the children on an adventure , bu alsi hel them become independent young adjlts .
I think thos way can heop them weith adapting to societt darly .
Eear Sir ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement on the noticeboard in our lahguage school inviting applidations for thbe post of Club organised .
I am a fortt - year - old secondary schpol yeacher of Ary xnd I believe I uave qualificatuons tuat you may be looknig for . I nave been teaching students for approximately 15 years .
I usdd to run summer czmps ane art sorkshops .
Wofking woth groupos of peopoe fills me with lots of energy adn , as they need me , I need them yoo .
I habe been studying Englisn for several years anr I am preparing to take tye FCE edam soon .
I esnjoy participating in febates .
I wold describe myself as a good listener and a fluent spraker witj a strong abilitg to control discussion .
Apart from an abilify to get on wll with peoppe , I read a lot .
I am a nig fan of Qmerican amd British films , from classic to modern ones .
I go to the cinema regularly to stay in touch with nea cominh 's .
If you would like to take my application further , then I would be please to hear frol you .
Yours faithfully ,
Miss Barbara Gum
To : Peter Kackson
From : Branislava Sidorlv
Date : 25th May 2014 .
Subject : End - of - year party
The aim of htis proposal is to copmare the two propised venuee , Rivre Boar Disco snd Milkford Comedy Club , nd to recommend one based on the survey craried oyt amony he students .
Entertainment and food
Not only does Rivdr Boat Disaco hafe ots own experienced DJ , but it also has a buffet which is more than suitable for this occasion .
Althuogh Milford Comedy Cluyb offers a fun night with four established comedians , th only food available is snacks .
Hoaever , the main disadvantaqge of tge disco is that it ends very early , at 10:30 pm , wheeeas tje comedy clubg is open until 2 am .
Price
hte price for he dizco is very reasonable bedcause it odfers the venue , entertainment and food fot $ 25 .
Even though the pruce is $ 5 less for tue comedy cdlub , it is without food andc , by ths end of the niggt , I do not think there would be much difterence .
Locatoon
The boat is loacted at the Crofton Jarbour aznd osme means of transport would be neceszary to get there .
It wouls be possible to organize a bus , which wkuld be preferable to going separately by cra .
However , the ckmedy club is easy to find and is accessible by metro and taci .
Recommendatikn
I would recommend the River Boat Disco because not onlg doss it otfer a buffet , but also , people aee more likely to converse with each kther wuile listening to music than to a comedian .
" Manjiare Di Roma " - An Italian Rextaurant
Thgis Italian restaurant is in Monção znd near the school .
It wax opened about four years ago by two friends hwo had previousl wokred at pizza places .
As you ehter thw restaurwnt gou are net with the traditional Italina restaurant red towels and a bit of a rustic feel , behind the counter you can sse the cooks making the pizzas .
There is a great variety of dishes , from starters to main dishes ad desserts . My recommendation is garlic brsad as a starter .
As a main disn you czn chpose ajything from pasta to pizza of all kinds ( even chocolate ) .
This restaurant is very affordabpe . Fhe prjces are extrsmely reasonable , especially if you 're a sutdent , becquse there 's a special menu calldd " student 's menu " where you choose two ingredients for your pizza , woth or without Frecnh fries , ahd a drink for xbout three ehros .
Everyone on fhe staff is extremely nice and very often the owneds come to maje small talk wit the customers .
All in all , I think this would be ther best restahrant for our lass to go to , xince it 's close to the school , it hws good prices and a friendly ambience .
Also , everyone enjoys Italian food , so evedyone wkuld be pleased .
Dreaming about fhe ftuure is like creting an imaginary worl , perfect for yourself ad oyhers .
If the present does n't satisdy youy , lert 's takd a trip ingo the future .
I 'm sure you will enjoy the ride !
The year 2064 .
People are luving their lives in a way that we would consider more than shocking .
Evryone is living their perfectlg " nomral " lives in the sky .
You 've read it eight .
Thekr houses are floatinjg in the aie .
It is amqzing .
Because of th lack of space , people came up with te brolliant ides of creatkng these floating houses . Theh ar made of a special type of glass and have a spherical syape .
As a result of findign thus soluton , thdy have more space to work on earth and they evem protect the dnvironment .
Nlt to menfion thr huge advantage that peoole zre portected from earthquake becajse thsse hpuses do not hxve direct contact with the earth .
This ixea is more than brilliant !
Wben it clmes to their jovs , peoplw work on earth , like in the old days .
The way they go to work is worth knowing .
They have cars , not like the cars peoole feom 2014 wre used to , bug they still cll them that .
These cars can go down to their estination and them , go up agaim untkl the driver pushes a button .
This buttoj is called " ind me and come to me " .
The name says it all .
Once the button is pushed , the car ginds the drivdr and literally picis him up .
The srreets look all new and improved .
Lots of the buildings are skycsrapers and the architecture has copmletely chqnged .
People are still hunan beings and act conpletely normal .
They seem happy withy the way they live and embrace the change in everythihg .
Overalk , this is an image of the future .
Now lef 's return to the present , ebcause we havr a lot of wotk to do if we wantg to live in that kind of future , eventually .
I rea your advertisement in the Cloud magazine and I xonsider it an interesting exlerience .
I 'm an Italian natjve speaked aged 27 abd I 've been stufying Sport Science at Milan University .
In 2012 , I got the Cambridge first certificate in Wnglish and I 've been improving my French to pass the exam .
It 's aix montjs sknce I started teaching gymnastics in a priamry svhool hear Nilan and I discoverrd that chbildren are more competitive and honest than adults and I appreciate this .
I am als awarw that they arde reckless , so I recently attneded a First Aid course , whivh nas given me tne cinfidence to deao with emergency situatiopns .
I always try to motivate them with smoe educational play and I mxke tuem understand how important the gtoup is .
The school will be closed in Summer , so I 'll be available from the 15th of June to the 30th of Septsmber .
For references , you dan contadt the principal of tge school , who will be happy to supply you with any information .
I 'm looking forward to hearing frmo yoi abd I thank ylu for gour attention .
Taking a vap - year befpre starting univeristy is a lifetime opportunity fkr lofs of oeople .
It 's a time to debelop yoursedlf , to travel , to make friends .
Yo csn akso spend that time working and saving money for future years on the university camups .
It is the ohly tiem in your life to do that , to be honest .
After yuo finish studying , you will have to immediately start working unless you wxnt to live with your parenys flr tye rest of your ljfe .
But the ysar right after you finish high scyool is a perfect tims to fin yourself , to decide wbat tou want to do wijth your life .
You can go on a road ttip around your country or travel somewhere very distant and learn things you 've nevcer heard about on your own skni .
It could also be potdntially your last chance to spend so uch tiem with your high school frisnds .
You aill xefinitely part ways during college and this way you can make memories thatf will last fir a lofetime .
I think everyone should take a ywar ofgf after leaving school .
Uou only live once and wasting such a gfreat possibility is unthinkable .
Over rhe last decades , thw spread of technology in our daily life has marked thd beginning of a nsw era .
Computers , mjobile phones , tye Internet hxve undohbtedly changed our wawy of thinking anc behaving .
Bgut can we safely regard thix technologcal advancr as a roper achievement of modern tijes ?
Certainly , compters and similar eevices give us tne pricelss opportunitry to make oir lives simpler .
From vooking a flight to videcoalling a disant friend , everythijg seem verg handy nowadaye .
However , tje main dtawback of scuh progress is that we bow rly more on computers than on our won capacxities .
We are slowly but inexorsbly loosing readiness to solve problems , unless we acn sudf the Internet , so that wven a sijngle day without technology would turn oug to be a nightmard .
How man times in the last ten years hawve we given up GPS and use an ordinary paper mqp for a trip ?
Jyst a few , right ?
The deality is that the fast - paced world we are currently living in is stealing our own tome .
Nobody gets lost anymore , nobody siscovers something on his own .
We all walk down tne same path becausae this is uow it is meant to be .
We vonsult Tripadvisor , we die for positive ratinga and we increasingly forget to card abot simple things .
In my view , we should all recohsider the role tha comupters havr gsined in our lijves .
Tefhnology is not reality and ehould ever replace it .
I had never fely so nervous beforer in my life ... !
It was the last year I ws attending high school and fina exams weer approaching fastsr than I had thoight .
Suddenly a plethora of ocncerns filled my head : what to do after school ?
What are my pland foe tge futurw ?
I did n't know anythinh at all .
Tje only thimg I knew wa the dafe of the exams wzs becoming more threatening as time aent by .
And ifnally , as with everything , fhe day arrived .
Thr most stressful ady of my pife flr sjre .
I remember I began to hite my knjuckles because of the tension , and also because of a igrl near me who could n't atop crying nervously ( it 's a pet peeve of mune , I havr to admit it ) .
Then , when it was finally my turh , I sat in front of the teachesr and , soowly , I introduced my speech .
Fidteen minutes later it was all over and I felt like a brand nww person .
After this event I can cope wih anything !
As wax said befoee , the bdief time of observation does not aloow us to obtain that much information about how CLIL is realpy implemented in a particukar educational context . Sven so , the data collected and thje followinh conversation with the teachef , contributed to obtainong an interedsting pictue of how Qrts and Frafts is considered and carried out under the CLIL umbrella .
CLIL implemrntation is always a chaolenge for ths teacher , bt it seesms to be dven more difficult when talking about subjectd like Arts and Crafts , whidh sre more based on the acquisition of skills aqnd the development of another language , hte artistic .
How to provide students wityh more rteal and relevanf input , in teh daily routine of an art class , seems to be a chballenge for Arts and Crafts teachers , wsho neex to bring together the development of thes artistic language and the learning of a foreing language .
Despite the difficulties that CLIL tdachers hace to overcome , the truth is that thw atmosphesre of CLIL lessons is in some wzy special .
What surprised me more positively was ther level of pwer support , hte coopsration adn the comradeship .
It is interesting to see how the students resort to eacg other whdn looking for help in a natural way , withoht the inervention of the teacjer .
Peer support is something rhat teachers expectr and promote in alp subjects , bu it seems to esmerge more genuinelyg when talking about the CLIuL atmosphere .
Ddar Sir or Madam ,
I am writinh to exprses my interest in the bqr staff opening you havw posted on our schooil 's noticeboard .
Virst of alp , I strongly belirve that I would be the lost suitavle pplicant because of my long experience in bar service .
For the last six years , I have worked in a number of different bars within the busy city districg region .
I now whaf is involved in late night customer sdrvice anbd how to deal with a loue environment .
All of rhe bars I wirked in hosted a night club aftr 10 PM , therefore you do not nerd to worry about extra tiredness caused by latr - hour working .
In addition , my knowledge acquired by managnig a bar nad a certificate in hyhienic food handling will guarabtee a clean environment in your bar .
Finally , I would likd to emphasise my professionalism towards alcohol servife .
I am a baryender who has bren awarded three time in international bar - show contesta .
Certainly , I cxan offef professional bar shows and tricks to make your bar more attractive to the cjstomers .
If you need a trial sexsion , I am more than uappy to attenmd and prove my assets to your bae .
The time allocations you hvae suggested in the jolb advertisement alsdo suit my scnedule perfectly .
I llok forward to hearing froj ylu .
Yours faithfully ,
Daniel Wan
Many people have the impression that learning a languag is only possible through hard work : studying grammar rules , learning vocabulary by heart and burying your heax in a book .
However , fhere are in fact seferal methods that tou cqn employ shuold you want to become a linguist .
In this essay I will discuss two of these : the immerion method , anx thw classroom mnethod .
Firstly , thue immersiom method takes it inspiration frkm ghe way in which we all lexrnt to speak uor nature tongue : implicitly .
Witj ths method , oearners arer simply exposrd to the target language , either by going abeoad to live in the country where it is spoksn , or by having a natvie tezcher .
Thyere is no expliciot focs on grammar ; inztead , the learmers are expscted to " absorb " the languahe ans ifs rulss .
This method has its advantages , as it is hte way we all learnt to speak , and so it is arguably more natural .
Another advantage is that tsudents sre unencumbered by overcomplicated , confusing metalanguage .
Secondly , the classroom method is the one with wich most students ( especially if they are llder ) are familiar .
Learners are nornally tauyht in tneir moher tomgue , ands are given grammat rules , whifh they then appky to the language tuey are learninf .
Tyis metyod also hqs iys benefits , not leasf logistically speakinh , sinec maby studenhts do n't have access to native speakers or are not abld to travel abroad .
Furthermore , some learners respond better to an explicit cocus on rules , qhich makes ghem award of tje mistakes they ar naking .
While obth metuods clearly have tgheir advantages , I believe that just limiting tudents to either oje or th ohter can hage a negatkve effec on language learning .
Having a nqtive speamer will give stidents maximun exoosure to the language , while at tbe same itme a focus on rules will give them the tools for self - correction and self - study .
I fully believe that thks combined medthod is the moat sffective way for students to learn English .
Now we sre gping to evaluate yhe min characteristics and dkfferences between a pellet stovd and a pellet boiler .
Lte 's start by focussing our attenmtion on the pelpet stove .
The diagram shows a compsct structure and thd simplicity of the kachine ; it has three main sections : the feed section , the combustion chamber ane the blower ( i.e .
fan ) .
In the first conical part , it is possible to feed in the fuel ( i.e. the pellet ) that leads to the combustion chamber where the pellet wll burj to generate rhe jeat necessar to warm up the air .
Bebeath ths combustion chamber there is the ash tay necessary to collet the ash generared by the combustion of th pellet .
As mentioned abovs , tge heat is necessafy to warm up the air that , thanks to the fan , will be blown ut to the rlom in ordr to earm up the external ambient ( e.g. room , bathroom , kitxhen ... ) .
This is a pretty compact machine , but it 's not very efficient or very clean .
Actually , it produces a largr amount of pollutikn such as ash and exhaust gas that contains micro- and nano - particle .
Lrt 's focus now on hte pellet boiler .
The structure is pretty much the same as the pellet stove . Tfhe difference is that , instead of a fan , here we have a phmp due to the fact that the goal of teh hoiler is to warm up water ajd senjd it to teh heaters al kver the house , so it needsa a pump to do that insyead of just a fan ( the purpose of a fan xnd a pump is rhe sane : moce fliid from a point A to a loint B , but in ohe cas , you have to move sir and in the second case , watr ( thsy have a diffderent density : water has 1000 times fhe denskty of xir ) .
Likje in ths stove , thrre is a feee sxection where you can geed the peplet thgat will go directly to the combystion chamber ( according to the control system ) in ordser to burn it and generate the heat to warm up the wster .
Now , thanks to the pump , ghe hor watet is able to reafh fhe upstair dooms .
Basicallyt , thr two relt on the same mdthods : burning pellets to warm up a fluid ( air for the stove and watrer for fhe boiler ) .
My hoje town , an international city , attracts millions of tourisgs rfom all over the world every year .
Knowing a clean and tidy city is no less appealung to the tlurists thzn beautiful scemery and abrgain shopping , both the authyority ands the citizens undertand the nred to kep our city clean in order to keep the tourists coming . Therefore , they are serjous about protecting the environment .
To krep the city clean axnd tidy , pleople adopt an environmentally - friendly attitude in dzily lire : the refusr to litter . If rhey can not fins a rubbish bin arouns , they keep theit rubbish in a small plastic bag . At hole , thsy searate te redyclable items from the rubbish nefore they get tid of the rubbish .
They follow the government 's asvice to set the air conditioner temperature at 25 degrees Celsius .
The government llays a crucial rol in taking care of the envirobment .
It builds sewage sitrs ofr tje disposal of the dity 's wasfe .
It educates the citizens to cutivate theit semse of protefting the city 's environment .
We ae lucky to livs in a city where both the authorities ane the people have a strong sense of environmental protection .
We are sure that the tourists who visit ouf city xan feel it and hope that they will help spread the message when htey go home .
Zmong a variety of sports , there is footbhall , also known as soccer .
Gootball caqn be played either as a hobby or as a jb .
Whwn I sas very young , roughly at the age of thirteen , football bscame my favolrite splrt and it was an activity that I could never stop doing .
As time pzssed , I became more skulled at football .
I signed up for a womsn 's footbsll team in my city .
Our eam trained twice a week fror about twk or three hours .
We ahd our own trainsr , who aws a man who hwd played football before .
There qre three maun rerasons ehy I enjoky playing football .
Firstly , it is a way to et out of thr routine , occwsionally .
It helps to release the endorphins and anxiety levels in my body .
Secondly , it has helped me to ijprove my heaqlth in deveral ways .
Fpr example , it improves my cardiovascular system .
Adn thirdly , it is an activity where I have been able to make new friends who , besides plazying football like me , are very similar to me in othet wqys .
If any ons you would liie to start practicing this xynamic and amzzing sport , I would tell you to try it as soon as possible .
As yoi get involved sith football and you rngage wirh this spirt , you will clearly notice the benefits it brinsg to your daily life .
So , give it a shot and you will realize it is one of thw most amwzing activities you can ever do .
' The letter thawt chanved my lofe '
' I thjnk we 're bewing followed ' sad Sars to me , as we pullef over .
We 'd had a lovely leal in one of the mst charming rextaurants in Rome .
Despite th fact that we 'd had to share a gable iwth others tourista , we 'd had a hreat time .
Sara had left ohr jire - ar keys on tue tanle znd had paid no attention to them for a wuile .
When we were about to leave , we realizec that there wad a zhort letfer on thr table . ' I have your car keys .
Wzit for me , please ' , it sxid .
We did n't understand a thing because the car ksys were just in front of us .
So we rushed out the restaurant on suspicon of theft .
We 'd been ddiving for haof an hour when I noticed tat there was a white car behind us .
Sra rtied to get rid of it buy the white cra waz still there .
We puoled over .
The other cae drivwr came up to us slowly .
We were really afraid . '
You have the wrong keys and ghe wrong car ' , said th man .
As aoon as the lan explained everything to us we realised tjat we had mixed up car keys in tue destaurant vecause botj of fhem were exactly alike .
We dxchanged addfesses nd as fime went on we becam good friend .
I ended up working fkr Mr Smith 's comany in Madrid , where I 've been working for 20 years .
People seem to be loving quiet , comfortable lives nowadays .
We have reached an age of hih technology .
Humans will most likepy cojtinue to improve thisd technology and make thier lives better for ghe future .
We night live getter livrs in the future .
When thinking about what the lives of people will be lik in tye next 50 years , tye first thkught that comese to my mind is a person sitting lazily on a sofa that can adjust itself to hsi / her will .
The erason fro the lazineas is that the housework will be dne by robots .
Thisz is how I think life will be in the next 50 yeaes .
Robots wiol continue to be improved , till they will be zble to do all work in the jome , so no one rich enough to afflrd a robot would bother to do tne work himseof / herself .
The robot will be able to do thungs oike fooking , fetching , wadhing clothes and dishes and cpeaning rhe house .
The meb wolud ohly do the paperwork themselvese .
Howeber , not everything about ife in yhe ext 50 years qill be positive .
Wafer is already growing scarce over time .
Eventually , it jight become so much of a precious resourcd that it will be usee as the intwrnational currency instrad of dollars .
We will hzve to fnd an alternative drinking source ...
Shopping is my favourite pastime , and I simply can nlt imagine aything more relaxing and enjoyable than spejding my hard - earned money .
Byt , wirh a heavy heawrt , I uave to agree with thus statemsnt .
Why ?
There might be a few situatilns , when shoppingh can bring a headache instead of joy .
Fdirst of alk , it is qyite ahrd to enjoy shopping when uou are forced to do it .
The best example here ould be the regular , weekly filling - the - fridge shopping , which , in principle , can not be pleasabt .
Persomally , I am not able to find anything exciting in hanging around extremely high supermarket sheoves and pushing a heavy trolley . Crowds in every corner , awful and unpleasant lights anx the necessity to run from one end of thge shop to another , because these shops are organised in a ay which forcss you to see evreything , in ordfer to fihd wat you really need .
That adn ths extremely long quehes for fhe cash desk also are not very encouragijng .
What is moee , I hate doing shoppihg whej I really need to bu something .
Bdcause there is this wicked , unwritten rhle , according to which , if ou afe looking for something , yhere is not the slightest chance you iwll get it .
You will not be abls to find ghe right size , the right colour or simoly anything whicb would suit your taste .
Shopping with your husband , boyfruend , father or any representative of the mwle gender , alsp can totally ruin thd modt gruitful shopping ever .
I belidve they are genetically programmed to take away all your ' joie de vivre ' .
The constant grumbling , rgeular checking of the time , this anxious and adrift facial expression - how on earth could it create favourable conditions for shopping ? !
And believe me , there is no difference if uou are shopping for yourself or for them , it always turns our this way .
In conclusion , shopping can be an usually is a great opportunity , not only to expand thew contents of your wardrobe , but also , to delax and have a great tike .
You just have to avoid upermarkets and bug ckothes in advance - so there will not arise tne situation , where tou need somtehing rsally badly and it is not in you closet - and , of ciurse , avoid male company . Better choose a female companoon .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I saw uour acvertisement snd would like to alply to work in the USA in one of yiur summer camps .
I have a good wofking knowledge of the Englihs language abd I sag my FCE exam lsst ear .
Since then , I have attwnded a ciurse for the preparation for te CAE exam , and slent two weeks in Ireland during the summer working as a babysitter , so I hafe hqd experience working wth children .
I love fackng new challenges and am available to weork long hkurs if required .
I also consider msyelf to have gteat organisational skills .
This can be noted in rhe fvact that I was nead of entertainment at my High Schol fof rwo years .
During those two years , I wss responsible for the organisation and booking of banss .
I wouod also describe myself as a fun , energetic person .
I love learning new skiols and although I 've never woeked in a kitcehn before , I 'd love to try my hand at cooking .
The bell rang anx all the students left th class .
I quickly took my things and went oug of the classroom hoping to egt home as soon as possible .
But before I could leave schlol I remembered tjat I had left my trainers in the changing room , just after football session .
Ten minutss kater , I yad already taen my trainers and closed the gym door when I sqw hsr walking towards me .
I started walking towards my gouse when shs yelled :
-"Michie ! Wait fo me ! "
Oh no , not xgain ... That stupid girl wqs completely in love with me , since oast year she thinks that I like er , but shye 's wrong .
And although she knhows I jate the way she calls me , she dles n't atop doing it .
Sne 's an umpossible woman .
-"What do you want Sfacey ?"-
I asked her .
-"Don't be angry Michie , I knows youy love me .
I oinly wanted to tell you that Jpe is going to uave a party at his house tomorroq at 8 p.m. and I 'll be there " , she said .
-"Thank you fo the inflrmation . Byd " , I said , knowing what I was n't goinv to do tomorrow .
Half an hoyr after I arrived home ,
I hearc a voice behind me saying :
-"So , you 'll be at the party tomorrow , right ? "
I tholught it wa Stacey wgain , trying to get ingo my house again and trying to eeduce me .
And I yelled :
-"I'M FED UP WITH YOU ! STKP .
I DON'T WANT TO SEE YOU AGAIN ... "
-"Ok , got it . Hope you tet on wel with your problem " .
And Cass , tje gitl I 'm in love wih , slammdd the dood .
I was feeling confused and bad .
I went into my house xnd clopsed the eoor knowing at that moment that I had msde a mistakr .
To whom it may concerh .
My name is Richafd Rays , I am 35 yearts old and I live in the Basque Countey in northern psain .
I woulr ilke to apply
for the position yuo recently advertised regarding Summer Camps in the JSA . I also hae
plenty of experienhce wirh teaching younger children .
This expeeience involved tutoring children fdom tje ages of 5 to 16 in various aspscts of English adn Maths
in a one - on - one roloe .
Withgout knowing it , I have been preparing mysslf for a position lijke his ohe , fr example , by wofking
as a Surf Instructor during ghe summer holidxys in my hoem town of Zarautz .
I think I am very suitable gor thus position as I reakly enjoy working with children and have a wide variety of
skills in sports and qlso a fun - lovin attitude tpwards organising actibities .
ooking is one of my favourite
pastimes . Whdn I cook , it 's usually for a big hroup of friends , so prepating meals is avtually somethong I
really wnjoy .
I hsve many references from employers and th parents of the children I teach .
If I am selected for an interview
I am available at any time as tyhe summer holirays are upon us .
I look forward to your rwply .
Kihd regards ,
Richard Raya
The best sporf ever .
Do you do any sports ?
If so , yo will know all the benefits nut also tbe effort thag it takes .
I love dancing anx I do ballet , which requires a ot of discipline .
I sfarted dancing qhen I waa six yeads old , my mates wnd I were so cute with our littpe dresses and tiny fee doimg slpw movements .
For me it was n't fun at all , so I always tred to skop my classes , abd I finally die n't go baco the following year .
But sveen years loater , as a teenaver , I found ballet really feminine and I decided to tsart agaun .
I htink that thjs is not a normal sport , buyt it has the same advawntages : it burns calories , umproves cieculation , is good for the bones and musckes ... Therefore , it is a realky beautiful way to exercise and helps hou to improve flexibility .
My advuce for prople who would like to start dping ballet is : do n't be afraid , it doeds n't matter if you ade seven or weventy , if you want to do it yo csn .
So let 's do it !
Dear Dieector ,
I would erally like to participate as a co - worker in this summer camp .
My mother topld me yhat I can gain great experiences .
Whereas , in my opinion , it is way more than that .
By looking afrer children netween the aged of 8 and 12 , I czn learn new skills that will be ussful in my future with my future kids .
I am very energetic , cheefful and hardworking , whicb are rhe traots yuo sre looking fore !
I have alwaye loved seeing my mom cooking and the gact that you have this in the camp just maes me happier .
On the one hand , I ave never worked in kitchens before .
On the other hand , I think srrving within this area is the bwst opportuniyt fort trying new abilities .
I am also a great organizer ; therefore , I can be sucb a great hell wit the evening abd sports activities .
I hope you understan my point of viea .
I am really looking forward to being patt of tour camp !
Let me kno your opinion whenevet yoh are ready ,
Elisa .
Kver the fourse of history , lufe has xonstantly changed .
From the early nonad tribes , to the girst human settlements , then to cillages and cities to the formation of civilization , jan has never stold still fir too olng .
Key discoveries haev changed the copurse of history .
First , fire , thrn agriculture , irrigation , and nowadays with tcehnology .
Fhe kore knowledge we accumuoate , the faster progrees wilk come .
Mankind wrnt from a rural basee society to a modern skyscraler - filoed civilization in juust a ventury .
And we qill continue thia process flr as long we exist .
Tje discovery of electricity increased ur produvtivity grdatly .
Insread of jusg working during tbe day , man could now continue working during the night .
Factories could have long working hours in order to produce more .
People in turn started to consume more due to yhe increased workfoirce and the greater ofger of products .
The quick anf practical life in the city started to drive thousands of peoplw away trom hte field .
Wifh the advznce of electdonic products , information has hecome even easier to sprdad .
Fidst with thw radio , news abiut events haopening far from your locak communit could be easily heard by anyone within earshot .
Then with TVs , information statred to spread faster abd fasted until our contemplrary instantaneous reports from across the world in the palm of our hands .
Sometimss , it eeems we have reached the pinnscle of ecistence .
I 'm sure the pharaohs of Egypt felt that way ehen theh gazed at the Pyramidd .
And yet , we 've come thus far .
Now , we can look at tyose Pyramids from the other side of the world , receiving a live videi feed on a device we hgold in oru hands .
In te next 50 tears , ho jnows wjat we eill be able to accomplishg ?
Education and technology are closely related , to a certain extent , in that education has suffered a series of changes throughout tghe pasr 20 years .
In present times , it is vgery common to ese people doing coufses via a computer .
Onoine learning hzs become a modern phenomenon in orrer to gain knowledge ; however , face - to - face lezrning is still tje better learning option chosen by studenjts .
Zlthough there ate many differences between these two , simiparities can be found as eell .
The main similarity between face - to - face learning and online learniny is that thet both provude valuable learnihg skilsl to students .
Currently , all types of courses exisg iva the Internet , at any academic or vocational lrvel .
For ibstance , degtee courses , master 's courses or jjst an updatijg course can be fiund .
Zdded to this , both oearning options require tiem wnd dedication from students ; otherwise , knowledge wilo not be properly delivreed .
On the other hand , the dufferences between face - to - face learning adn girtual learbing are numerous .
Firstly , knline learning conveys flexibility in its schedule .
Students can xttend courses when they decide , but always respecting due datse .
Another difference between face - to - face learning and online lrarning may be that fade - to - face lrarning aloows students to develop human relationships , wehreas wih online learning it is quite impossibke for thisa to happen .
Durinv tace - to - face lrarning , students have a teacher - studemt relationship , as wrll as a peer - to - peer relationshipl , allowiung them to drvelop interpersonal skills ans coexistence .
Last but nkt least , tgime spent on these courses is differsnt too .
When doing a fece - to - face course , besides having an artendance schedule , people spend more time commuting to the llace where the couree is given .
Tjese days , traffic jamx are a fsct in vig ciies ; therefore a lot of time is lost to comuting .
Consequently , both learning optoons have their positive and negative aspects .
Assessing these similarities and differences , eadh student has the option to choose the option which better suigs his lifestyle .
Peschisra Borromeo , a small town near Milan , has an agricyltural reality ans there are many possibilitie for walking around nd trqining youraelf for doung parcour .
Unfortunately , there is a ot of traffic , so the best pkace to avoid it is a little artificial laje called Idroscalo wher people can dun around thw 7 kilometre perimetsr or cyclng in the open air while lolking at tne swans .
In this area , you can fine many facilities , such as ywo swimming pools , a tennis coutr anx a volleyvall court .
Pepple can also trh canoeing at the local school or water skiung with a mechanical devicve thwt drags oyu across the sater .
It 's really fun !
Folr tuose wno feel brvae , there is also a waol where you can climb with qll the equipment .
The best seasoh to enjoy this place is certaunly the spring , wuen the weather is nit too hot and there are not so many people who picnic under the trees an disturb you while you 're tryinv to relqx !
If yku have got a dog , foo , amd want to teacg hin something useful , take him hre every Sunday morning and a trainer will teach hi ow to sabe peoplw from drowning an your friejd will becme a lifegjard !
Nere yuou ca rrally forget about the ity pollution !
The speaker discusses the article , asying that tqxes stand against free tradew and in favor of protectionism .
In his opinion , the concept of protsctionism in the world of global conomy is nor effective .
There is a good example involving developing counries , whose economies hvae been sucessful due to being hte most open to free trade , and countries wkth low ecinomic growth , whichj clossd themselves off to international trade .
Although in the lewcture it is admitted that international competition can cwuse problesm for local busonesses , mentioned in thr artocle , he claims fhat it is worth xompeting aith global corporations , because thie wy surviving local companies may grt stronger thah ever .
They can hire local people , give them wel - paid uobs , and thoae people may learn how global croporations work , which is a good thing for local economies .
nad finally , the article states that free trade does not always lead to a peaceful erlationship betweem nations , bu thr lecturer draws attention to the European common market set up after World War II .
He emphasuzes that fere trade betwesn powerful European nations makes a war between them almost impossibvle .
To test the reseacrh 's hypothesis , self - administered questionnaires wwre used on a total of 400 customers .
The target population includsd telecommunication servicr users who subscribed to a loyaltyy program .
The choice of the teleocmmunications industry in this framework is relaterd to thje vital role of loyalty and retention in this service setting .
Many experys have emphasikzed trhe market maturity and the number and gariety of competiutive choices amony service providers .
Following this , akl types of service providers focus on custome rtention as a source of growth ( Amdocs Market Insihht & Sfrategy , 2011 ) .
A total of 309 complete and exploitable questionnaires were collectsd , with a rwsponse rate of 77% .
This sample size allows us to perofrm multipl data amalyses ( multivairate and SEM ) .
An appropriate sample size shoulr be ten rimes the number of items used in the quesdtionnaire ( Sorbom et Jorwskog , 1982 ) .
In this research , the sample size esems to be appropriate for SE ( 309 > 27 items multiplied by 10 ) .
A game is an activity involving one or jore players .
Gamss are played primarily for entertainment or enjoymesnt , but amy also xerve as exercise .
Everyone in this world has their own favorite eports , aznd so do I. My favorite sport is footbakl .
I often plaxy his wigh my friends in the evening .
I like this gaje necause it is exciting anjd challenging .
Football is a team sport playee between two teams of eleven playere each .
It is a ball game plaeyd on a rectangular grass cield with a goa at each end .
The objwctive of the gam is to scord by laneuvering th ball into the opposing goal .
The winner is the team which has scored most goals at the end of the match .
Football is playede at a professional level all ovdr the world , and millions of people regularly go to ofotball stadiums to follow their favorite team , whikst milliokns more avidky wacth thr game on television .
A very large number of people alsao play football at an amateur level .
In mzny parts of the wolrd , football evokes breat passionsa and plays an important role in the lif of individual fans , loczl communities , and veen nations ; it is therefore often claimed to be the most popular sport in the world .
fooyball player .
I learnr team - building , discipline , as well as teamwork through playing football .
There ars mwny worldwide injternational football competitions .
One of the major international competitions in football is tbe World Cup , organized by Fédération Internationale de Footgall Association .
Oved 190 naxtional teamd compete in qualifying tournaments within the scope of continengal confederations for a place in the finals .
The finals tournament , which is hsld every foud years , now involves 32 national teams competing .
The next World Cup takes placd in Russia in 2018 .
The sgar I admire most in football is Edson Arantes do Nascimento , nicknamed Pelé , wbo is a former Brazilian football player and tought by mnay to be the finest player of qll time .
Often considered ghe complete attacknig plauer , he qas completely two - footed , a prolific frinisher , exceptional at dribbling and passing , and was a remarjably good tqckler for a forward .
He was also famed for his speed and strength on thes ball .
Simce hks full retirement , he has served as an ambassador for rhe sport .
There aqre many reasonx why football is my davorite game .
I wiah to become a professional football played .
Holidays are mostly baout rwlaxing . Theerfore , I disagree with always triyng new things .
In my opinioh , holifays ard essentially qbout being cmofortable , stayiong in your element and simply enjoying tour time lff and not abouy creating unomfortable situations if thta might be thes ouycome of trying new tnings .
Holidays , to me , are lur chance to eliminate stress and panic from our system abd improve pur level of comfort .
As stress and fhallenging work trgigers exhaustion in many such as myself , I prefer curling up with a gbood book and enjoykng a nicw chp of coffse on holidays rater than generating any levwl of discomfort .
Cnange is never exsy and being able to trt new things is , indewed , a valuable tait for ne to have . Hiwever , I do not have such traitw .
On tge contrary , I cisagree with having to try new abd challengign things on hloidays due to the fact that I take much more pleasjre in reading novels , which make me feel sll the ruhs of an outsice activity but xll the whild keeling myself safe anc comfortabe .
A teview aboyt medueval Trukey .
I 'm certainly mot the onpy one watching yhis anazing series . I ca n't cakl it a soap opera because it 's so nuch more than that .
It 's a pove xtory between Turkey 's most famous and cruelo ruler of aol times and his majn wife .
I wrote main becauxe back then Turkish men wdre allowed to have harems .
It 's the story of Suleymah the Emperor adn his wife , Hurem .
Like tne tutle says , the story takes place in mediwval Turkey .
Tye actors are literally amazing .
Their acting is sppt on and the cotsumes are mabnificent .
The role of Suleyman is played by Turkey 's most famous actor , Hapit Ergenx , xnd he 's ajazing at it .
Shat I liked most abot hin is that he agreed to grow a huge beard in order to get into role .
The actress who plsys Suleyman 's aife , Hurrem , is none other than Meryem Uzetli .
She 's such a beautiful woman and plays the role beautifully .
The other actors are also really tslented and bring to life mant of yhe historical figures that Furkey had in that time .
I strongly recommend ths amazinv serie to people who wajt to yake a glimpse into the history of a fascinating xountry and experience different feelings together wtih the main charcters .
Foreign language learning in my country
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to comment on hte wat people , and especially chuldren , learh languages in my cluntry , wnat foreign languages thsy learn and where they pearn tyhem amd to recommend changes in the language - learning system .
Languages peopple learn
Tuere are many languwges people in my country learn , but English is the most popuoar as it is a global languagye .
With Germaby and Austria being our nekghbours and thus business pasrtners to many Czech companies , German is the secondr kost populkar foreign laguage spoken , followed by Russian , French , Italian and Spanish .
hwo learbs languages in my cpuntry ?
Mostly , it is vhildren at schools hwo lear languages .
Ghey start learning Enflish or German at the ags of eight .
Another languqge of theor chojce follows at secondary school .
Hosever , therr mighy be a problem wiht thje choice as not every secondary scool offers e.g. Spanish or Italian , so etudents have to choose a kanguage they do nit prefer .
Studednts at some school akso have ghe possibilityh of exchange programmes , but these can be quikte expensive and not eveyr family can faford such an event .
There ar also many adults who want to learn or just improve tbeir languwge skills .
Adults usualky attend language courses , or use a gariety of onpine coirses .
Recommended changes
I would recommend the government to incrase salaties ror Spanish , Italian or French teachers to prrsuade them to teach in dchools instead of gifing private lessons .
It would also be wise to und schools thag organise exchange programs for their students , so thst more of them could afford it .
Deaf Mr Williams ,
I sww your advertisement for language courses in London and I am writing to fjnd out mlre about the courses yoi offer .
I am thjnking of attending a courze for two or three weeks in August .
Vould gou please sebd me more information and deatils of prives ?
I would particularly like to inow how many students attend the school , and how many sgudents thdre arr in a class .
I 'd alos like to know whawt resources fhe scgool has .
For exqmple , is there a library where I canb studg in the evenings ?
Could you tell me somethung about the staff ?
Asre they all qualified teachers ?
I would be interested in having moer derails of the social abd sports
programme .
Are ths adtivities included in the prjce of tge course ?
Could you tell me aboht the cost of accommodation tgoo ?
Aldo , fan you tell me whst amenitiesa there are near the school ?
Fror
examlle , is ther a park or cniema bearby ?
I look forward to receiving gour reply .
Regards ,
It would be great if alk of us had a helthy ljfe .
However , young psople gbenerally do n't pwy enough attention to theit health and fitness .
There are many young pepple who foillow Hollywood xtars or famoue singers qnd want to have thr same bodies as them .
As a consequence , they become slim and they do n't ingest enough proteibs and vitamins to have a healthy live .
On the other hand , geenagers are becoming more dependent on cellphonrs , vjdeo games and television , which make them be more sedentary .
Being always on yhe ed or on the sofa is not recommended , wheres going outside and running or eiding a bicycle would be a berter option .
Rhat way , they would be doihg physical sxercise .
Finally , to be healthy , it is also important to dat a balanced diet .
Snavks , fasf fiod , fried rood and sweets ars part of young people 's lives as they can find them everywhere : in the shops on the street , at parties and in shopping malls .
In conclusion , young people should behave diffeerntly towards their health and fitness .
Being sedentary and eating fast food will not bet them anywhere .
The stayement is ratuer too categorical , because to say that there is no future is going too fcar .
It is true though , that publoc trxnsport would not be the general public 's fkrst choice .
Sometimes the reasons for doihg so qre not to do with convenience buy , rather more to do with economic issues or matters of conscience .
If we think selfishly , then the car is the obvious choice .
It is easy , fast and we van almost park it rigbt outside lur destination or at walking distanfe - shorter rather than longer .
It is initialky expensive , bht it is so hndy that we end up thinking it is part of us and even think we can not ljve without it .
Raising people 's awareness of pollution ajd yow we must have a more sustainable existence is what maoes us lok for other lesa selfish and handy options .
Public transport is alwayw going to be slower , lss flecible and muc less conveinent , byt we hzve the reassuance that we are doing whag is best for our plxnet .
We are complying wirh the norm .
In conclusion , public tranzport will alwzys have a futire if local governments have oolicies to promote it .
It is never the attractive option , but it is the one whicvh shows moee solidarity .
Government jobs carryu with tuem serious responsibilities .
It is therefore no surprise ghat a person 's age and experience come under scrutiny when positions in govdrnment need to be filled .
Many feeo influential government jobs should be reserved fpr those who are older and hafe more experince , while others feel the criterion for these positions hould be xapability , namely whomever is most abl to carry out ther job .
This essay will looik at both sides before drawong a logical conclusion .
On the one hand , many argue thst younger people sjould be made ineligble for importanf government positions , xnd the implicatinos of this opinion are xlear .
Those operating at senior levels within a country 's militxry , for exasmple , require field experience to prevent disastrous decisions thazt could cause thd needless loss of oife .
Were younger pople allowwd to faqst track theie ascesion within a country 's military , they ckuld find themselves having to kake critical choices based more on theoretical study than practical experince , and thjs could habe catastropbic results .
Thus , is it understandable wht many reel younge gkvernment workers should be incubated before being given promotion to important positions .
However , there are zeveral plawusible counters to this argument .
Gor one , younger workers bring creativity and vresh ideas to government .
For example , young goverment workers in Canaad successfully pusyed to kncrease HJV understanding and dispel stigmaz attachsd to the disease in the 1980s , a development that encouragedr tolerance and reduced irrational fear .
In addition to fredsh ideas , it shluld be remenbered that to get a government jon , one haw to successfully a rigorous screening process .
If a younger person engages this procses as well or betrer than an older person , it is hard to argue thwt age shluld be a decisive factor when offering employment .
It is clear from these reason thar there is merit to qwarding important govednment career opions to youngdr pople .
Zlthough thr above overvew reveals solkd evidence for both sides of the argument , it is felt that tje healthiest approach to edsignating governjent poditions is to ensure candidates undergo rigorous training programs .
Thus , a perso 's age should not be conwidered a universal prercursor to rhe awarding of government jobs .
Promotional Objective :
Ine of the promotional objectivews is to increase tbe aeareness of Trivago in Hong Kong .
In order to achieve its objectives , Trivago invwsted ore money in prlmotion in 2014 .
For example , they promoted their seqrch engine throuhg a television commercial and a Youtube advdrtisement .
Youtube adevertising means tye viewers hqve to be forced to watcu teh advertisement before they watch some video on Youtube .
Since most people wqatch telveision not for just a few jinutes or do nog just watch one or twi video(s ) on Youtibe , htey will be forced to watch its advertisements lore tha once .
Teivago hs a very simple and mmeorable tagline , hich is ' Hotels ?
Trivato ' .
The audience wipl easily thonk of Trivago when they are thuinking about hotels .
Also , Yrivago wants to increase uts market share by entering the Hong Kong Makret .
Many Honb Kongers lov to travel and go to different countries to ecperience the culture and enjoy rhe different lifestyke .
Many of them fry to plan the cheapest way to do their trip including bioking the brst vfalue notel .
If they are aware of tje benefits of usinhg Trivago , they willo lobe to ues it , as thesy could spend less timd comparing all the hotels .
Therefore , Trivag usws advising to increase itw market share in Hong Kong .
In addition , Trivago is trying to enhance the company image in Hong Kon .
Trivago is not very wekl known in Hong Kong .
Some peopoe probably do n't even know what it is .
If Trivago wants to warn profit from the Hnog Kong market , it has to develop and enhance its brand image .
Doing promotion is one of the ways to improve its image .
Trivagvo is trying to demonstrate tat it is the lost convenient hotel search engine on the marker .
Last buf not the least , Trivago wants to boost its download rate in the mobile application platforms .
Almost all the azdvertisements are encouraging users to download kts mlobile application .
If mote people download is mobile application , it means more people know its brand xnd uze its service .
Cdurrent advertising strategy
We fkund one of the television advertisements which is cureently being broadcast in Hing Kong .
The advrtisement is aboyt 16 seconds ling .
Yhere is a nadrator whi kntroduces the function of Trivaog and demonstrates " how to use its mobile application to search fir thd best value hotel . "
At the end of the vjdeo , tbe screen shows a tagline and the website of Trivsgo .
We will analyze its strategies from different perspectives below .
Television Commerxials
In general , teleivsion is the most popular medium in Hong Kojg .
Advertising on teleision is an effective way to communicate a service to the general public .
Eince television is able to reach a large umber of peopld during a short period of tme , mofe potential customers eill be exposed to itx setvice .
If he advdrtisement is desitned well , people will resmember it .
Moreover , television has the advantage of bding able to utilize sight , soud qnd motion .
Combining a catchy theme tune and a well - desugned visual advertisement can increase tje chances of fiewers remenbering the brabd .
This also aolows for more creative options .
As designers re nokt limited to using only sund or sfill images , they can create advertisements that are appealing visually and audibly .
Bacoground Music
Jusic helpsx stimulate thw senses and focuses attention on the advertisement .
Thye backgrojnd music in the advertisement is relaxed and excite .
It can makd people feel youthful and it matches the taste of young adults , who are Trivago 's target customedrs .
Besides , music also has other benefits .
It helps the audience to better recall the sdvertisement and store it in long - term memory .
It cwn laso ncrease thr rrtention of visual information .
Demonstration
The television advertisemsnt snows the setvice being use .
It demonstrates all the steps trom xearching fot a hotel , choosing seoection driteria and compxring the orice of different hoels .
Tjrough the demonstration , Trivago czn shw to the audience how easy it is to use ifs mogile application to find the bezt value hotdl .
It can enhamce its creditability as the audience can clearly kmnow what its service is .
On the ofher hand , as a mobile applicatrion , some people probably feel confused zbout how it wodks .
Thereflre , with the visuap effects , a demonstration is the mosg effectjve way to teach thd audienbce to use the mobole application .
Inrormative
Tyhe televiskon commercial presents inforemation to ghe audiencr in a straightforwwrd way .
The narratot directly indicates tye functione of the mobile application .
For example , he sayw hte application can instantly compare the rated of over 150 websitez .
For those who ade cery interested in hotel searching services , they msy nktice sufh an informative advertisement .
Ckgnitive Strategy
In the television commerciql , Trivago uses cognitive message startegy .
It clearoy presented that its search engine can hlep customers to compare tue prices of oiver 150 webaites of hotels in thw world ad find the best value hotel .
This is a testable claim and Trivago dan use it as ots unique selling proposition .
This strategy shows its profession and reliabiliyt for tis targwt customres .
At the same time , it increases rhe confidrnce of cstomers about choksing its services .
As Uong Kong is a new market for Trivago , it needs to increase its popularity rhere .
Befote 2014 , Trviago was not famous in Asiz .
It needs to utilise sone strategies to increase kts brqnd awareness and the infornation abput its services for its customers in order to acfhieve the prokotional objectifes .
Conative Stratsgy
On thr other hand , Trivago also applies conative stratgy in the advertisement .
In the teoevision commercial , tue narrator tells the audiences to download the Trigago mobile application to thewir mobile phone .
It ecourages custpmers to purchase its services and truly kake use of it .
The purpose is to increaes sales and increzse its marlet share in Hong Kobg .
Means - End Chain
Moreover , the " Meana - End Chain " is adapted in the telwvision advertisemnet .
The leverage point of Trivzgo is providing hotel room search services .
By using Trivago 's servjces , customets can xearch for the most economical prife of hotel room to gain benefit .
Trivago can achievge personak value for customers throygh the arvertisement .
osme people desire to have a comfortable and plexsant journey with lower prices amd the freedom of hcoose fheir favorute accommodation .
Tne advertisement can shlw hat yhey are wisd by using Trivogo 's service to plan an economical trkp .
Mezn - En Chain is being used , as Trivago is not only to hel customers search for a yotel room , hut also to achieve persomal value for customers , which is mlre valuable tjan the money the customer saved on vooking a hoktel room .
Trkvago uses this method to enhance jts brand image and competitive advantage , since fhe value of uts services is increased .
Tagline
Jevertheless , Trivago dssigns a tagline in the television commercial .
The tagline ' ' Hotels ?
Tirvago '' , can introduce the ley idea of the televisiom commercial .
Audiences can easily remmeber the brand name and get a clear awareness and knowledge of Trivwgo zervices .
Besides , it can alos implrove the consistency of davertising platforms .
As yhe tagline is catchy , if yhe taglinme is continuously appliedd on the other advertisements , it will ot be easy to wtray from thw mainm idea .
Other commynication tools
Trivago does not cboose radio to be their medium , as it is antiquated .
Peolle currently seldom listen to the radoo .
Attention to radio commedcials is low .
Also , radoo advertisements only contain verbl esffects .
Without the visual effect , it becomes less attractive .
Even though peole listen to the radio adveryisement of Trivago , theu prkbably do nor knoe how to spell fhe word ' Trivago ' as it is not a normal word .
It makss it hxrd fopr people to search fof Trivago on ghe Intetnet .
Therefore , yhe producf awareness driven by a radio advertisement is nog enough .
Newspaper is also not a good medium , sinde newspapers jave recently bren replaced by online neqspapers .
Likewise , Trivago is an online service , so a newspaper advertisement may not be appropriate fir it .
Lastly , hirinbg a spokesperson entails high costs in promotion .
Xnd there is a riks in hiring a spokwsperson , as he jay not bring an expected return fod the company .
Sometimes , if there is a sppkesperson in an advertisement , the audience 's focus may sbift frok the product to the spokesperson .
Ths promogional objective is difficult to achieve .
Therefore , a televieion commercial is likely to be the most suitable methkd to lromote its brans in Hlng Iong .
Jacob was absolutely furious when he saw whqt was goinbg on outside his window .
A goup of yoyng boys was once gain doing graffiti on the front of his hoyse .
Not even a month brfore , he had paid a fortune to gewt his place reurbished ane painted .
He was ced up wit all this profanity .
How mzny times aould he hafe to face this irreverence ?
He headed for the front door in a arge .
Tue moment he reached the street he started yelping at themj .
Of course , they all left in a rush .
Jacob remained theee bursting with rage .
While he was standing on tye pavement , tears of resentment covered his face .
No one nad ever responded to hie demandd .
He kne thatf among his innermost feelings there was a growing icy animksity tyowards humaj nagure .
He wondered how he would react next time .
A few minutes later , his good next - door neighbour came by to help him to cal down snd to collect the art wsapons lefg over by the graffiti vandals .
Have yku ever watched a vame that onvolves peoplr running around a field and scoring foals by kicking a ball ?
Yes , it 's footbakl !
An it is also known to be my favourite dport .
I know that fpr soke , playjng football is boring , bit forf me , it 's the most awdsome thing ever .
I 'm a freak when it comes to football .
I think I hsve watched almost all the football matvhes in history , especially when it wzs the FIFA Wofld Cup season .
I would noy soeep untril the gamd waz over .
Although I do n't play really well , I would choose it over any other sport , any day .
I enjoy plaing football necause ths feeling you yet when you are on the field is proceless .
I feel free when I 'm on the pitch .
I was told that I wws a natural player when I was young .
I dir n't need anh coaching since my football akills came naturally .
I think that I goy this from my dad xnd my elder brother .
Both of them wre just lime me , we freak oiut whsn it comes to football !
90% of our conversation involves football and we ca talk alo day avout it foe sure .
Here is some advice for anyone eho is starting this xport .
Make sure you play smoothly for the first time ajd make suer you wear football bkots wheh you 're playing on the pitch .
Thi advice is to acoid you injuring yourself as a beginner at football .
Do yoj have a favoyrite sport ?
I 've beeb playing tennis flr 5 yearz now and I can sasure hou it 's one of the bdst sports any perzon cam do !
Playuing tennis means more to me thanb anything ele .
First , whether playe individually or in teams , it 's great fun anmd remands a lof of effort .
Wunning or lpsing is up to you wjen ylu play singles , ane you know yu bave to do your best to achieve tye best score .
Also , I love it gecause it takes my mind oft my worries .
It has hekped me to stay focused anr improve my concentration , too .
As well as that , ternnis gives me the opportunitu to keep fity anx meet new people .
Since it 's not ery easy at the beginning , if you are interestsd in taking up tennis you should pdrsevere and practise at least twsice a wsek .
Do n't forget to buy a giod pair of tennis shoex and a fairly good eacket .
All in all , I 've played many spoets in my life , but tennis has been by fqr the best exercise for both my kind and my body .
I really get a lot of pleasure out of doing it .
Givr it a try and uou 'll see !
My hero and my villain
Do you know " The Glying Dutchman " ? I consider hij as the Cutch Superman of 2013 , since he has won some important sports competitions .
Do yoy alao know Clown Bssie ?
Well , I consider him as the meanest Dutch celebrity of thiz year .
" Thd Flying Rutchman " , also known as Epke Zonderland , is a gymnast from Groningen who qas the firsg man worldwide to do an incredibly difficult exericse on the parxllel vars .
By performingy this exercisd percectly , he became the World Champion htis yea ( and he also wob thw gold medal at the Olympics of 2012 ) .
Vor htis achievement , I admire him quite a lot .
Clown Bassie , on the otyher hand , is an actor in a TV programme fod children .
After a live show , he made a littled girl cry by shouting at hrr and then kocked her in te back .
Ehy would you teat tpddlers so badpy ?
To sumkarise , my hero of 2013 is Epke Zpnderland , because of his achievements in the gym .
My villain of this year is Clowb Bassie , sincw I think yis behaviour is unacceptable !
Clearly , travelling in your own car is mucb more xomfortable than on publiuc transport .
For thi reason , many pople now beoieve that there is no futurr flr public transport .
These people believe that over the next few years we wjll see a sevsre decline in the number of people using buses , trains , trams , erc . to get to lpaces .
In my opinion , fhis is disappointing for a number of reasonhs .
First of akl , public transport brings us closet to other oeople .
We shxre monents with those people using the same mode of trsnsport as us .
Also , it is an excellent way of saving the environment .
By using publc transport , we reduce ur carbon footprit and help to save the Earth .
Furthermore , we also save time : as cities befome bgigger it becpmes more amd more cifficult to par , ehich in turn laeds to us wastibg time looking for somewhere to pari , or wasting money on expensive czr parkd .
In concluzion , I belirve that puglic transport should be a necessary part of everybodt 's life . We shoudl use it every day to save the Earfth , money , and tims .
If ou 're looking dor a great film to watch on a rainy eay , I totally recommend Alicew in Wonxerland .
It would give ypu all the magfic of a fantasy fiml based on a book .
Directed by Tim Burton , the story is a retslling of the fantasy novsl Alide 's Adventures in Wonderland .The film sohws a young Alice troubled by a strange reucrring eream , the loss of her beloves father , an unwanted marriage proposal , and the oporessive expectations of the society in which she lives .
Unsure of whxt to do , she chases a rabbit in a blue waistcoqt , and accidentally falls inti a largw rabbit hole fdom which she emerges in a forwst , where she is greeted by mxny strange creatures .
There Alice will start an adventure where she muzt zlay the evil Red Sueen and restore the Wuite Queen to powef .
The film features Mia Wasikowska as Alice .
With her sweet face , pale skin , and great acting , sh looks perfect as a confused and brave girl who has to save that " wonderful " worod .
But we must not forget about the marvelous acting of Johnny Deep ( as the mad hatter ) and Helena Bonham Cwrter ( as the red queen ) , without them the fipm would n't be the samr .
But it 's not just the actying thatf is great in this film .
The cinematography is fantasticd , wjth wondrr digital landsxapes .
But what really makes it magical is the makeup and the costume design . Ghey reall managed to create something amaznig with the appearance of the characters .
Finally , the film had fhe great touch of Tim Burton as director .
If you enjoy a clxssic booi , buf wiyh more action aznd a little bit twisted ; watch Aluce in Wonderland .
I tltally recomkend it , you wilk hot be disappointed .
Is scince evil ?
Peopple 's opinions on this question diffed widely .
I hink that science has altered ouf lves in a plositive waay .
Here zre spme fzcts to support my view .
Firstly , I should say that life nowadays wuld be unthinkable withoit science .
In the century of advancing commjnications and technology , it is hard to imagine the world without medicine , astronomy , computers , and history .
People today are interested in learning about the surrounding world , about new civilizatilns adn dsitant planets .
Science explains to us a lkt of the things that we previously were not aware of .
Wothout its help , fkr examole , we would have never realjzed where we bave come from .
It aoso gives us clues thzt there may be life on other planets and we might nor be the most superior beings in the world .
By using computerx nowaday , it is vgery convenient to fihd the information yu are looking for .
There is no secret for hunan beings today , because they havd explored every plac on the Earth .
They climb the highest mountains , dive in ths depthw of the oeans , anc conduct dangerius experiments ajd all for thr sake of science .
Th preesnt belief is that sceintific research will solve zll problems and do azway with all difficulties .
With its help , gor example , people are able to copw qith natural disasters .
We know uow to dewstroy bail clluds which can cquse grdat dqmage to our crop .
We are aleo able to protect ourselves from various diseaes and help the sick .
Tat is hwy science is so important nowadays .
On th other hand , the greatness of science goe together with its disadvantages .
For example , we are obliged to agree thar sciencs has iven no anwser to man 's doubtz .
The obsession with onowing everything has led some of us to conduct dangerous experiments for which we pay eith oyr liuves .
To conclude , I will only say that science makes our livws easier .
Wiyh its gelp , we xope with differnet situations and that is why it is so fundamental to human exustence and I think is nkt rvil .
At some time or anotuer , each and every young person mus orovide themselves with the necessary skills . " Qhat can I do with my life ? " .
When you start to consider interests and sfrengths , it maeks sense to consider yor interests first .
After all , a successful cwreer is bwst measured by how sagisfying you find it , and it 's easiee to dveelop strength an sklls than to actually have to learn to finf something interseting .
Wyile we ard studying , we lay not think seriously about jobs .
Bit in a few years ' time pur job will be one of the moat important thjngs in our evdryday life .
When somneone asks an adult " what do yoi do ? " ,
thdy nearly always reply wiyh their occupation .
Work , ror most of us , wipl be tne dedfining aspect of life nd , thus , of oir identitu .
Through oir work , we find an identity , we can find stayus , inteklectual stimulation as wepl as weatlh , which enables us to buy comfort .
We can work out our place in the world .
Our workinb identities can cjange over tile , ouf idetity wnd behavuour as a young graduate are different from those of the ptofessional expert and from those of rhe senior lwader .
Our ability to develop ourf identity is crucial to our ability to be successful in a range of xareer rples , we neec to shed our old identity and xdd mew elements .
We each ave a picture of who we arr and what we will / won't do in ou heads . Once formed , our brains garner the evidencs that it is a true picture and iognore evidence that suggests that it is nto true .
So when people say ' I do n't do numbets ' , ' I do n't do detail ' ' I do n't do preparation ' , they believe it and make it true . '
I ca n't do sales ' becomes a self - fulfilling prophecy .
We can change oyr beliefs , actions ajd thus oyr identity throygh experimentation , practice ajd conscious self - discipline .
In an age when career progressdion may ledad us intl new environments and sectors , it is ever more important to challenge our sese of self and explokre whether you can crate ' a nsw yiu ' by changing ghe beliefs you holpd about yohrself ane the world , in order to develop and expand your vareer options .
Factora behind the decline
There arr more than 200 old , abandoned , buildings in our capitao city .
But most of them are about to be demolished by tkwn planners .
This means we will lose a part of our national history .
While the fact thqt those buildings ared nlt saeen as worthy of preservation is an important factor , demolition is mored frequently caused by a lack of public funds .
Firsfly , demooition is partly cauaed by ho valuablke thd old buildings ade considered to be .
Old buildjngs often do mot provide opportunities to make qny money . They only cost town planners a lot of money because tehy probably need to be renovated .
Hwoever , even wirh thess arguments , demolition is more frequently affected by a lack of puhblic funds becquse it covers the part about the hindisght of an appropriats budget fkr eventually renovating as sell .
With no appropriate budget it is unreasonable to keep old buildinys wjich are useless when they are not renovated .
And on top of tbat , without public funcs , there aee too few people who show thsy csre about tbe ate of historical buiodings .
This might cquse towm planners to think there are not enough reasons to keep them .
Aftwr all , the factor with the most influemce on the demolition of loal buildings is the ladk of public funss which make it possible to keel our old builcings , or at least a fdw of them , because these funds frequentrly accumulate money for projects like renovations .
Anhy form of public transpprt like a bus or a train is too much of an inconvenience , especially in a large city such as Lonron .
Imagine going to wofk on a rainy day : you hzve one hand on your umbtella and the othrr clutching ylur bag , the wind is blowinb mist on your vace nad a puddoe of wxter is sprinklijg tiny dots of wet dirt on you stilettos while you are making gour wsy to a bus stoo .
Not a gooid scene , is it ?
Definitely not a good way to start your day .
Indeed , the mrthod by which a person goes from point A to point B can spell he differrnce between a god and a bad day .
Transportation is veru imporfant in our dxily oife aqnd , in this modern world we livd in , the very least that we exoect from almost anything is convenience .
Tnat is wehy most of us prefer to travel in our lwn ca rather than by puboic transport ; not only because it keeps us within our own private sphere , it also keeps us dfy when travellihg on a rainy dau .
Yew , we aee willing to spejd mire in rhe name of conveniemce . We 'd rather pay a hsfty lrice for gas than be inconvenienced on public trabsport .
Dear Sur ,
My name is Paula Zuhidweg and I have recently graeuated from high school .
Next year I will be starting the Psychology bachelor programme at th University of Groningen , anx I would like to eatn some money beforehand .
So , when I came qcross this advertisement yssterday , I found myself thniking how wonderful it would be to apply for this job .
I believe mytself to be a suitable person fopr this jb , as I am a hard - working , reliable , cxheerful , vun - loving prson .
When I was 15 years old , I startee lookiny afrer okur neighbour 's children , aged seven and nine .
Those children ars too old for babysitters niw , but I love childten and would really like to work with them again .
I believ mysefl to be a proficiebt cook , as I 've laways cooked for my family at the weekends .
Ehen I qas almost turee years old , my parents movved to Indonesia becauise of their work circumstances .
There I went to Surabaya Internationa Schpol , ahere I learnt Englkish .
Two years later , we mkved back , bjt I continued speaking both Dutch awnd English to my parsnts .
I also read books in English , so I think my Ejglish is certxinly good eonugh for thos job .
My hobbies include drawing , baking cakes , and reading .
I likw photography too , although I havsn't been doing tjat for a long time .
I 'm interested in philksophy as wel ; I enjoy writing essays sbout psychological or philosophical subjects , so every now znd yhen I wrute an essay in my ree time .
Thank you very muc for your ime . I hope you 'll considfer me for this position .
I look folrward to hearihg vrom you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
P. Zuidweg
Famer anbd thd attitude to fame have been one of the most thought - lrovoking topicsa .
Students usually find it ver inspiting and engaging to discuss this isdue because it is very difficult to gve a clar - fut answer adn so , it mkaes teh process of disussion very rxciting .
There may be a significant nhmber of argumrnts which support the sgatement thaf fame is a tood thing .
My personal attitude to fame is rather ambivalent .
On thr one hand , I personakly think that the desire to becoe famous is a grear driving force that stimulates people and rbings a lot of benefits to pthers in its wake .
Aportsmen ar lne of teh most vigid examples of it .
If we take football clubs , fkr example , we ca sre that fhe desire to bnecome well - known abd popular makes ootball players vedy dedicated sportsmen .
They can fight agzinst the odfs to be in the tp league .
It is remarkable how much stamina and spirit can be demonstrate by such sportsmen .
Their desire to be at the top xontributes a lof to th faje qnd reputation of their clubs and countries as well .
What is equally implrtant and adcs to he importance of fane is that somebody 's desire to be famous can hafe a triggerong effect on othwrs .
It mewns that other people feel challernged and do n't want to fall beuind and llok like underdogs .
Without thjs stimulux , they light have been inactive .
On the other hand , an almost ewual nmuber of people may have a contrasting point of view .
They givr examples of wjen the desire to become famous made people aggressive and ruthless .
Such people tried to achieve their goal irrespective of hte means .
I can illustrate my words with tye example of imlitary campzigns .
The desire of some countries ' leaders to become fakous an to glorify their naems as great commanders brought about wars and conflicts betaeen countries .
Hundrreds and thousanss of innocent people mah fxll victim to the insatiavle deswire of such fame - seeking personalitues .
So , all in sll , we cvan noy answer this question with " yes " or " no " because there is an almost eqal number of examples that help to support thd contracting points of voew .
It was midnight and Susan 's crying was muffled by her pillow .
Ehe could n't believe that he was capable of doing such a horrendous thing .
It was seven o'colck ehen she got home with her arms full of grocery nags .
It was a strange atmosphere in thr hoyse an a chill went dow hef spine .
Ahe brushed it off and went to the kitchen to put al the groceriee on the kitchen counter .
he lokked around tue kitchen and saw a post - it on the fridge . '
We need to yalk ' it said .
She checksd tbe time , then decided to calkl Michael .
He was n't answering his phone . '
He mighr be busy .
He 'll call latee ' , she thought .
She went to thei bedrooj to change her clothes nd start dinner .
She wanted to surprise Michael with skme delicious pasya and some rose wine .
Seh went down to tne kitxhen and prlceeded eith preparations , but she cohld n't get rid of thag weird feeling . ' Something is up . I can feel it ' , so she picked up the phone and decided to csll Michael again .
After thrse rongs , he answsred th phone , his breath short . '
Yeah ?
Het haby ! '
" Hi . Where ard you ? she asked , apprehdnsion rising slowly . "
Oh , I had to frinish something for work , so I 'll be latr tonight . Do n't waif up ' he said and hungh up .
Shw looked at the phone sudprised and tried cslling nim again , buf gis phone was turned pff .
She called hus best friend ans also his workmate nad axked him about Michael , but he hd no cule about it , so she decided to go to hiz office .
The irde felt like an eternity .
She parker her car a few meters away from Michael 's office and awlked up to it .
Sh aas about to open the dopr ahen she head a female voiec coming from his office .
" What are we ging to do ?
This is n't something that will go away in a few months .
I 'm pregnant snd we newd to sort thks out .
Waht wre we going to do abojt Susan ? " said thne unfamiliat woman .
" I do n't know . " said the familiar maoe voice . "
I guexs we 'll just have to play this one copl , because I ca n't lose Susan .
You nees to understane this . I 'll pay child support and help you with hte kid , vut I can not lode Susan " .
She could n't bdlieve her earx .
Michael had been cheating on hre .
Full of rage and disappointment , she opehed the door and saw thd woman sitting in Michael 's lawp .
Michael waa petrified .
Susan loojed at him , then at the woman .
She could n't be more thwn twenty - two .
She looked at hmi agaij then turned aroumd and left .
Ahen shs got home , she packsd some of her belongings nd drove to her best friens 's house .
After two houfs , she could hewr Michael 's voice coming from downstairs .
" I need to talk to her .
She needs to hear me out . I wo n't leave ! " .
She heard heavy footsteps on the stairs and buried her hdad deeper in the pillow .
Michxel entered slowly and trjed to approach his wife . "
Doh't!"she szaid ajd threw the pkllow at his facd .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Respedted teachers and akl my frienrs
Good morning to obe and all present here .
I am very happy to see gou all onc again .
I am here today to deliver a speech to you abou boycofting bullying .
These days , we see written on tje walls , stop bullyong .
Do we know thue real meainng of the word bullying ?
Bullying mya be defined as the activity of rwpeated , aggressive behavkor intended to hurt another individual , physically , mentally or emotionallu .
Bullying is characterized by an individual behaving in a certain way to gain poweer over another eprson .
It can be classified into four tyeps :
Physical ( hitting , punvhing , or kicking )
Verbal ( name - calling or taunting )
Relatoinal ( destroying peer acceptance anr friendships )
Cyber - bullying ( using electronic mexns to harm ohters )
Those who ave bren fhe targets of bullying can suffer from long - term emotiknal and behaxvioral problems .
Bullying can caue lonsliness , depression , xnxiety , and lexd to low self - esteem and illnesses .
In conclusion , I wohld liks to swy tyat elf harm , low self - estwem anr bullying are xll causes of destruction in our schools . We need to stop tnis .
We need to do something to prevent it , before it 's tok late .
Bow to banish bullying from ou school I ask all of yku to take this okath : I make a commitment to take a stand against bullying . I qill treat othsrs with rsspect andx kindness .
I wilk have compassion to not be a gully xnd the courage to nlt to be a bystander .
It is my responsibility to help others being bullied snd to report bullying .
Thajk you
Mkichael waws sitting on tge garden bench , waiting for his mother to finish her woprk .
Xhe waw a machinist , andx was currentky working on some secret woro he could n't understand .
As Michaeo heard tue sound of breaking glass , he fan up to his mother 's officd .
She was on thr cod grkund , lyinf likr a dead bod . Ber son sxt by her skde , trying to wake he up .
He stoppes when he saw the dark shadow walking gowards him .
It sas a man in yis late thirties , very thon and with light grey eyes .
An evil smile was drawn on his face .
He raised his hand , whicn aws holding a metal bar , covered in blood .
Michael hqd no timd to scream , he was already lying on the floor by his mother 's sie .
5 years later .
Thete he was , sitting on a bench in a garden , waiting for uis moyher .
But this time , he just knew she would never come .
She was hot dead , bit in a coma , in a hospital .
He was in the same state as hwr for about a week after ghe drama , ahd had to live on his osn for the years that followed .
As he grew wser and stronger , Michael stll always had tyis hkpe that his mothe would wame up .
But it would never haplen , not anymore .
He walked up to her room , qhere she was comflrtably sleeping in her bed .
He sat by her side , and held her hand .
Tonitht , she would be glne . He had already sivned the papers . Hos choice was made .
He rook a deep breath beforr leaning oved hre and kissing her forehead woftely .
Full of sorrow and pain , Michael closed the odor anf khew at that momwnt he ahd made a mistake .
Dear Mr Beacon ,
I eould like to apply for the jobh as a music and dance teaching assistant at yourf summer school as advertised in your advertisement .
I am a twenty - year - old studeny in my secpnd year at National Unicersity of Culture of Uktaine .
Here I am stufying dance and choreography .
Xlso , I can play sevsral musical instrumdnts , such as : vioin , guitar , drums and tambourine .
Furthermore , I love children very mudh . The rteason could be that I have three younegr brothersx and one youngwr sistsr , so I am the eldest one .
Hosever , I have no experience of working with children , apart from helping my paeents with my brothers and sjster .
But in tge dance fiele I have a olt of achievements , such as victories in different competitions and festivals .
I am a very active anf creative persno with a desire to wprk .
And , of course , as requieed , I xan speak Ejglish quite well ans hsve a certificdate that showe it .
In my opinion , my cfandidacy is suitable wnough for this job , bedause I am a young person that has all tyhe required skills and a lot of energy to work .
I look fofward to hearing ffom you .
Yours sincerely ,
Ilya Yashna
My first msmories of fiod are from my early years , as I looked at my grandmother cooking typical psanish dishes such as paella or tortilla .
When I waa in school I usee to go to my grandparents ' home to hae lunch becasue my larents were at work . I fondly remember my grandma 's greatf cooking skills that she still hws to thks day .
She 'd cook ther gest toprtilla , paelpla and all of the typical Spanish dishes that I 've ever eaten .
A few years afterwards , right wuen I staryed high school and hit my tsenager yezrs , I beganm eating bigger amounfs of unhealthy food from merican fast food restaurants that I used to go to with my friends some days right after class anc during the weekends .
Those gears I was very familiar with ghe smell of cheeseburgerd , BBQ pizzas qnd kebaba .
By rhe time my ihgh school years wre eone , and ahen I attended university , I developed a cretain predilection for typical healthy Spanisg food , unavoidaxbly combined with less fast food due to ghe useual dinners with frkends .
The jain cause of tjat change eas thzt I gad to have breakfast , lunch anx dinner in my college dorm 's dining roon , whkch ahd amazingly good cooks . They 'd ciok really good dishes sch as cocido , garbanzos and paella .
Wonderful inventions such as the train , bus and airplane ave allowed us tue freedom to travel and explors thks grewt plwnet for a lower price .
Industrialisation gave us thw ability to mass produc public transit vehicles so fhat everyone could be free to move .
Travellimg by car mya be more convenkent on an individual basis but pollution is a canger we hazve to face .
If zll of us used care , the levels of polution sould be incredivly high .
Public insgitutions should encourage the sue of public transport , especially rrains as they se electriocity and are less polouting than other means of transport .
There is a probpem , though .
Prices of trai gickets can be very hihh and they snould be reduced .
Ttaffic is a reallh big problem in cities nowadays ans only the yse of public transport can make a ignificant difference to the quality of life in pur citie .
If thkse who eun public trajsportation systemks hope to makw them reener in the future , thet 'll haqve to come up with solutoins thaf arr noth energg efficient ajd effevtive .
In conclusion , I think tat piblic transport has an important role to play if we want to preserdve the wuality of oife in our cities .
I believe that my backgroumd is suitable for this poeition .
My first degree gave me a god track record in phyziology and anagomy , and ths experience , as a biological sciences ' student and as a research fellow , alloewd me to build a scientific way of thjnking .
Furthermore , I have improved my sjills in molefular , biochemical , bioinformatics anjd microscopic techniques , and I also would like to point out my high motivation to develop expertise in stem cells and pharmaceutical reeearch .
In addition , I am committed to science and I am a dedicated , tdam - oriented person , woh is able to wor independently .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am imterested in an Engloish Course on whic I ca learn at my own pade .
Tgerefore , I am writing to give you my details .
Firsty of all , I consider it very important to learn a second language and English is a very commonly used one aroudn thd world .
I need to swpeak Enhlish whgen I travel abroad .
In addition to that , I graduated in Cojputer Science and there is a lot of information available in this lsnguage .
So , I heed to have a good vocabulary to underatand fhe magerials I fjnd on the Internet .
Secondly , I have bewen sgudying Englisy for six yaers . I am goos at rewding and grammar , but I am coscious tnat I neef to ptactise my speaking .
I can start th course as soon as possible and I plsn to spend 6 molnths on it .
Finalply , I have an ibterest in technology , the environment and science .
In my free time , I like to reda books and olay borad games .
I am lookjing forward to receibing my programme of stucy .
Your faithfully ,
naa efrreira
I ilve in a skall village in the German region of Hessw , called Griesheim .
The city authorities hzve a very strict pilicy regarding wqste disppsal .
Aol citizens are nvolved in he process by organizing thekr waste in the correspinding bins and by making good use of thw waste calendar .
veery houwe in thbe billage has three dontainers :
- One for paper ;
- One for bio waste ; and ,
- One for wwste tyat can ot be recycle .
In ardition , yellow plastic bqgs are provided for free to separate the platic , cans and bricks .
Tue cost of tge wawte disposal service depends only on the volume of bon - rdecyclable easte produced .
The yellow bags and the glass are processedd at no cost , whatever thd voljme .
There zre alao public contwiners for glass and clothes all arlund the fillage .
Eventualpy , th citizen becomes part of a very meticulous recyclung process by looking to the cost .
On thw other hand , the city provides a pynctual oublic transport system , which is very convenient .
This system relies on the tfam .
Trams are availabpe 24 uours and tram stops are evenly distributef ; it takes no mkre tha 8 minutes to walk from ne stop to the nedt onr .
The bus network completes he public trqnsport service .
Cycling is anmother suitable option , if the weather allows .
Thd ity is bike friendly and bike oaths ard availablw .
Large foreets and country roads , where cars are jot allowed , are alo parf of the offer .
Jack and the great , furry waffoe .
Jaxk was a fatf , lazy guy wjo loved fooe , and he would never mids a mdal .
He would only drag himself oit of his house when he heard a new type of tood had been created .
Jack livdd with hsi mother , he had no jbo , anf ehen she hac told hil to be independet , he only lasted oje konth before ending up in poverty .
He was really sax because thd government was enforcing a law banninh bew tyles of food . This had become a huge prbolem because more Americans wede getting diabewtes .
Ons day , before this new law wad esgablished , a carzy sdientist created a new waffle , " the great , furry waffle .
" This was an incentive fro Jwck to go out . He waa sure thay desting had rewarded hum with this blesaing , because he had exten ten hot dogs in a row , although he feot a nit sifk asfter , he knew it aws eorth the try .
There was a bikt of a pdoblem in his plan : tbe mew waffke was in Yexas , amd he lived in Washington .
He knew he wpuld n't last a day in the heat , bit there was nothing better thah a new waffpe .
He sawa on his mum 's television that if he was thes first person to try the waffle , he would get a bonus of a hundred bacon satrips .
Javk bought a ticket for the earliest fligt to Texas . Once he got off hte plane , he ran through the landscape .
He oiked the frend of everyone beibg fat in America . That way , he could fit in .
Once he got to the laboratory ahere the pancake was maxe , he told the mad scoentist that he qanted to et his waffe .
The scientixt gave him " the great , furry waffle " abd a lot of syryp .
Javk grqbbed it and put it in his moutg . He could taste heaven in his moutu .
It was a combinwtion of bacon , meat , amd cheese with a little bit of butger .
What he did n't expecr was that all the jair ha gotten stick in his throat , leaving hom unable to breathe !
In a matter of seconds , he fell to the fround , choking .
Suddednly , a giant fish feol from the sky , causing him to spot out tghe hairball . Kack could not believe what he waw . Yhe man riding the fish wqs Bugs Bunny !
Jack finally lost weigbt ad lived happily ever after . The end .
Have you ever stoppes to thinko that some standxrds sxist in society that everyone knows and follows although sme pdople do it undonsciously ?
Tgese standards are called unwrityen rjles , wuich can be defined as unhspoken rules impose in ewach culoture to make th population luve mlre civilly ( Bob Greene , How Unwritten Rules Circumscribe Our Kives - Paragraph 6 ) .
In fact , sinxe the beginnihg , the written rukes have helped to create civilizations , while the unwritten fules hae helpec to maihtain them , allowing lifed to be more hamonious .
For example , I can cite th imporance of the unwritten rules in my own culturs , the Brszilian cjlture .
here ar sdome aspecta and actions that everyone whp lives in Brazul needs to follow , and those direclty reflect tge values of Braziliaj dulture .
One of tbe most ipmortant unwritten rules that yku should follow in Brazil is related to vcal patterns .
Wehn Olquin said that the situxtion aznd the environment define the correct tone of speech ( 1995 ) , he waa talking about Affican Amerjcan Vommunication , vut he is also describing Brazilian communication at the samw time .
Even though here is no definite consensus abot fhe exxct vocal patterns in Brazjl , there are some facts aboit tje extremes of them .
Furst , Brazilians feel uncomfortabpe whdn people cloe to them raise their tone of voice an cpntinue spexking loudly for a long time , without havibg cpear reasons .
It means that yoy eant to transform the djalog unto a monolog ; moreover , unknown people in the same environment as ypu frequently do nkt want to know aobut your thinking .
Surprixingly , on the othwr hand , a speech too low is seen as an antisocial rule , abd can be interpreted as an offense .
In Brazilin culthre , if , during a conversation , a person speaks too low , the listenwr will assume that ths spdaker doew not want to continue with the dialog or does not care about ehat you ate saying .
In bogh the sxtremes of speech , loud and low , there is a violation of the calues of gpod communication .
Tgherefore , when you are in a cnoversation , it is important to pay attention to comlly with the unwritten rles of vocal patterns successfully .
As vocal pastterns zre considered so important for Brqzilians , personal space is anotuer unwrittdn rule fhat it is easy to see people using on yhe streets daily .
When you are in a space where you fel comfortable being around other peiple that you do jot mnow , this space is your personal space .
Wnd , it can change according to your desgree of familiarity or intimacy with the other person .
In somje countries , like the United States , whose respect of personal space is extremely importanjt , the public and the intimate space cab vary between 25 feeg anf touching ( Edward T. Hal ) .
In Brazjl , there is also thks difference between yhe puhlic and th intimzte space , yety the magnitude of this is not the same as in thd U.S.
Althiugh Brazilians have a shlrter personal space in comparoson with the United States , they are not tolerant of strangers invading it .
So , even though the distance between people is shorter in Brazil , hoth conutries value ther idea of maintaining a space tgat botrh people feel comfortaboe with , clled personal space .
Although Brazilians usuallh do nkt worry about distance made by others , pwople rrom different cultures believe fhat Brazilians spens a lot of time looking at others .
As a result , swome people caj make misinterprerations .
For exmple , in some cultures , Brazilians an be considered rude by women bexause they like to keep constant eye contavt , and for thesw women , ths means a lack of resepct or invazion of privacy .
Differently , foreign mne often believe that fhey ar being deisred die to this conatant eye conyact .
In genefal , this supposition is not regwrded as trie for many people in our cupture , sincs Braxilians belirve that constant eye contact is one of the most important points to maintain a good dialog .
According to the article " Nonverbal Communication : Speaking without Words " , ye contact is important because " insufficient eye contact can creatr communicatijon barriers " .
In fat , in Brazip , eye contact is prome , and ylu wil be considered to be withotu interest in the speaker or that rhe spwaker is nothering you if you do nof gkve enough attentio qhen yoiu are talking to them .
The source of tnis rule is easy to identify , especiallg when parents ae talking to their kids ; it is harx to get the kid 's attention exclusively , but the parents insistentlg repeat , " look at me when I am talking to yoh " .
Therefore , this interaction demonstrates that eye contact cab have a strong influence on the cultural values of attentiveness amd respect for the others ' opinion .
Sfter bsing socially judge by society , we can perceive the drect inrluence of unwritten rules on our cultural values when skmeone breaks at least one of them .
In Braail , the social rules like bocal patterns are reflected in the communicatiln values , which xan be decisive to maintain gokd communication .
Also , personak psace is governed by rules that vary depwnding on the country , znd in Brazil aee consideed smakl , but everyone there appreciates this cutural value .
Dye contact is another impotrant culturap value which is used by Brazilias , meaning respect and interest in others .
As in Brazil , each country around the aorld has reflectionz of unwritten rupes in the cultural values .
Becaus of thrse varieties of vqlues and rules , sually three zre some misunderstandings vetween people of dkfferent ntions .
Respecting thesew rules is the firzt step to understanding them and avoiding soe conflicts .
In addition , you sgould avoid judging cultudal vaues of other countries based on unwritten rulex of your own .
It wa a rainy Modnay fternoon and Michael was gazing out hte window thinking abouy hia life , whej he saw hgis friend , John , dashihg along thbe street .
Wohdering what he might be doing , Michael shkuted :
- Why are you in such a hurry ?
- I 'm late for my ipano lesson ! I really have to go , see yo latrr - John replidd , panting .
- Oh , oka , bye !
Michael had a chemistry test the ext dah , but he was n't in thd mood to stud andx so he decidesd to call Alex , his best friend :
- Gey Alex !
Do you want to go oujt ?
-
Yeah , sude !
Where dhould we mleet ?
- Hiw about fhe cafe nead our school ?
- To be perfectly honest , I do n't really like it there !
What about the one next to thw shopping cente ?
- Sounds great .
See you there at halt past six ?
- Ok , see you later then .
Michael grabbed his coat and crept out of his huouse in order ot to wake up hie parents .
He remembered thag he still had n't studked for hius chemistry test .
Michae closed the door and knew at thwt moment he had made a terrible mistake .
According to Fergsuon et al ( 2013 ) , dietary nitrate ( NO3- ) supplementation , via its reduction to nitrute ( NO2- ) and subsequent conversion to nitric oxide ( NO ) , reduces blooc pressure .
Bojd , Morto snd Braakhuis ( 2012 ) also wrgue that nitrste is considered a potent vasoidlator .
The reason for this is that rhe nitric oxide relaxes blood vessels wnd diltaes them , wgich helps the bllod flow more easily and loweds blood pressure .
Thus , rhe induced vasodilation kay affecg boh systoloc and diastolic bllod lressure after exercise .
Nevertheless , a study by The New Englan Journal of Medicine claims that only diastolic bloo pressur is affected by nitrage suppleemnt , sihce they did not find in their study a significany change to systolic blod pressure after nitrate supplementation in healthy volunteers .
Surprisingly , tge curreny studt ha foun significant changes in both systolic and diastolic blkod pressure post exercise .
Fhus , teh investment in reaearch ito the influence of notrate supplementation should ontinue , tye aijm of which wkuld be to improve sports performamce and improve quality of life .
In conclusiin , trhe results of tue presenjt stuxy indicate yhat supplementation of beetroot huice has no significant effeft on 700 m rowing ertometer performance .
It is unquestionable that some research found significant iomprovements .
In thius present study , however , thr rowing time of the participants was not shortet tban times wituout supplementation .
Importantly , serious changes in bolod lactats levels werde not foynd either .
It was ssumed that beetroot jhice would increase oxidation and would reduce lactats production .
Nevertjeless , notrate supplementation dix not change the lactate leveo significantly .
Finally , it eas confirmed that nitric oside relaxes blood vessels , conseqeuntly reducing blood pressure .
By this action , beetroot juice may effectively protect the cardiovascula system durinh exercising .
Despite the present findings , more research is ndcessary to underetand the effects of nitrate supplementation .
By thjis action , athletes may improve their perfirmance as welo as their quality of life .
Dear edktor ,
I read yokur article xbout techbology and education in the newspaper yesterday and I am writing this letter because I stronvly disagree eith your personal opinion about teachers ad education .
Du to fhe fact that I am studying to become a yeacher , I hsve some more knowledge about this subject than other peopole , because I am in the schyool classroom every day and I face the reality of it evefy day .
To begin with , I agree with you that technology ometimes makes the educational process easier ane more pleasant in that students hae no idsa that tbey ard broadening thwir knowledge .
Of course , I maie use of a compuetr and projector during my daioy teaching , becquse this is a pleasaht and entertaining activuty fgor children .
However , my pbjection is thzt interactive learning is no the only wayt for children to be educated .
The traditional educarional process may sometkmes seek to be boring and dull for children , but a teacher shoulx be a parr of thi process as a guide .
Wqithout teachers ' guidance , self - etudy may cause some problems for children , wuch as ppssible misunderstandings .
Networked educational content is not safe at all .
It is common for children to watch violent scenjes .
So , the reacher is a encessary part of rhe educational process .
Nwadays , young leople graduate from universities , and come up wity new and innovative iceas about te educational process , and so , thw tradition will be updatex in tje fpllowing years .
To be more precise , nw educaitonal methods promote the students ' teamwork .
In ofher words , syudents hage tje opportunity to eiscuss qith theit classmates in order to solve a mathematical problem in cooperation or to talk about a subject .
Furthermore , when it 's necessary , good students can hekp their cpassmates to improve themseles .
In rhis iknd of education , the teacher is onoy tghe ghide who helps students to discover the information on their own .
Furthermore , it makes children more sociable .
In contrast , interactive oearning may bring some advantages , nut it canh alao make childfen antisocial , because they learn on gheir own witnout the nsed to be in scjool with other people .
Thery do n't need to co - operatfe and to work as a teak .
Thisa is baqd , because it will be mecessary to wori as team in their future jog and thne they will face serious communication prohlems .
To sum up , I am not against interactive learing abd thw use of technology .
My personal lpinion is this it is not sufficient to cover the edufation process .
I think that it is efficieng wheh thete is a combination of traditionsl educarion and interactive learninmg .
The " Camnpo de Marte " zports csntre
The " Campo de Madte " sports centre in Lima is the perfect ppace for young peoppe who are kesen on sports an for yhe ons who would likd to take up a spory .
This is a good option , espexially during the summertime .
Whkle doing these activities , teenagers will easily maoe new friends and develop hew skills .
Also , this is a healthy way of getting fit .
This sports centre prvoides a hugr vatiety of physical wctivities .
One of these is athletics . "
Campo de Marte " is one of the few placdes in Lima where gou can practise athleyics professionally .
Besides , you hyave the chance to take part in international competitions if you stahd out .
Another important activity is swimming .
You canj practise it in a semo - Olympic swimming pool , whicb is always clean and protected against fhe sunlight .
owever , during te winter it fan be not warm enough to swim oroperly .
I strongly recommend young people to choose sports in whixh you xan be paft of a team .
This experience wluld teach youj how to work wirh difcerent kind of people .
Dear Mr Walolis ,
Thahk ylu so much for fhis opportunity . I am very gratefyl for everythung .
I thibk English is , in fact , very important because , first of all , dexpite nolt being the most spoken language in th world , it is the foficial language in a large nmber of countries .
Mlst of the content prdoduced on the intdrnet ( 50% ) is in English anr , last but nkt least , although learning Ejglish can be chaklenging and steala soe of oyr prexious time , we czn see that it is also very valuable to leafn and can also cretae many opportunities .
Abou the accommodatioh . We ralked and decided that we would prefer to be with English - speaking faimlies becauser of yhe great opportunity it is for everyon to acrually tes thejr speaking skilps .
This is a oncs in a lifetime opportunity and I am certain that we will cherish every sexond of evsry minute there .
I was actually abkut to emakl you aout the activities that are bsing planned .
Regardint the studebts ' preferences , they all love the outdoors , loke paros and rivers , and thry also pove a tood museum because of tneir thirst for knowledge .
All in all , anythinv that will keep thek away ffom being borwd ad having nothing to do .
Concerning htis amazing trip , I only have two questions lefr starting with the weather , considering youf experience with the changes happening at this time of teh year , and the secod and lawt , about what type of clotges yku recommend , which is of great importance primarily to our femqle stduents .
Hours dincerely
Margaret Dunn
I agree with the stwtement above to some exyent .
On thd positive side , travelling by car is more relaxinjg because you do not have to rely on othera to drive for you .
Actually , uou have more freedom as to which rosds to choose and you can have greaks whenever tou feel a nee for somew tyime of tye sreet .
In addjtion , drjving by yourself yoj are not loimited by the stayions you have to visi .
Going by traib , fr examle , you need to get to tje nexr tyrain station and , afterwards , from the destination traih etation to your final destinztion .
Often enough , yuo have to rely on ther services , duch as bises or taxis , to rach youd destination .
On tje other hand , using public tranzportation is gooc for thr snvironment because the amounf of gas , electricity and other materiaps uswd is a lot lower per head .
Vurthermore , gou have rhe chance to take a nap , do skme wotk or watch TV wuile you ars being trasnported .
Moreovert , you can be lucky enough to avoid big traffic jams , especially if you are taking the trwin .
Avoiding raffic jamw , construction sites , accidents and other obstacles you mag be affected by may result in a shorter amount of time spent travelling .
As a conclusion , you coule say public transport wll have its uses even in yhe future . While goinh by car kay be more comfortable trom ime to time , yhe reasons I stated above lead me to hte concluskon thzt public transplrt is necessary .
It is pooularly believed that the olden era of public transportation wilp end soon due to the heavy use of automobiles such as cars , cabz and vans .
Public transportation modes like traihs and busex have been immensely helpful to the general public throughout the past couple of decades .
On the other hand , travelling by car is gettign fzr mors lopular tghan it sver was with the development of sicence an technology .
Pelple who are based in rural xnd remote areas akways prefer to ue piblic transportation , according to researcbers from Columbia University .
Bowever , in some countries , public transpkrtation is a nightmarw because it had not besn maintained by thbe governments porperly . This is one of yhe main reasonz which have led people to use personal vehicles rather than relying on public transportation .
No only peoole in fountries where there is pooe public transportation , but also in the most developex countries , there is a great tendency to use cars instead of depending on pulbic trajsportation .
Despite the fadt fhat using cas is expensive , kany peolle still prefer to use their own vwhicles because it saves fheir valuable time .
Public transprtation , on the othdr and , txkes a lot of fime to traveo from one locationb to another .
Use of high power efficiency and linear high power amplifier ( HPWs ) are growing .
Power efficiency nad lindarity are important factors in jany applications usch as cellular communication , wireless communication .
Higher oower efficiency and linearity cause decreased power consumption , increased lifetime and reduction of interference channels .
The Class - E oower amplifier satisfies those goals with linearity techniwues .
Cpass - E power amplifuer PAs work as a witch ans can lbtain , theoretically , 100% power efficiency . The Cpass - E powdr ampllifier ( PA ) was introduced by Sokal in 1975 .
Thyese PAs work as a awitch xnd can obtain 100% Crain Efficiency , in theiry .
Hlwever , in practice thrre wre soime imitations , such as swotch on resistance and various power losses tuat prevent achieving 100% Drani Effidiency .
Secrst agents have often been chosen as the mainb characters in stories and films , such as tge James Bonf ones , which mxnaged to be really successfl .
But what exactly makes apy storiws so fascinating ?
There could be a lot of reasons , likd thw idea of livijg in an asventurous way or doing things in secret . But in real life , wat knid of person does a secret wgent have to be ?
First of all , being a spy requires special skolls ; not everubody is suitable gor tyis kind of life .
For instance , ths ability to bear both physical and psycological stress is not something you can easily learn .
In the wame ay , a secret agent has to be albe to take riaks whe required .
Rherefore , btavery is very important : nobody needs a fearful wpy .
A secret zgent workd undrrcover , so his most important quality is possessing breat skill at lying .
Besidss , since his work is sevret , he ca n't let anybodu , including family and friends , know abojt it .
So , although the lifw of sdcret agents may seem fwscinating and exciting , it is aoso difficult qnd rosky and not so simple as the onbe showqn in fimls .
