It 's difficult to answer the questiin " whar are you goijg to do in the future ? " if the ohly obe whl as to onow it is in two minds .
Whyen I was younger , I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and eve a hutcher . I do n't know why .
I wopuld like to etudy Psychology , because one day I eould like to lpen my own psychology clinoc anr help people .
It 's difticult bwcause I 'll haxve to study hard nad a lot , bjt I think that if yiu like a subjecr , you 'll studh it more easily .
Maybe I 'll change my mnid , maybe not .
I ghink that public transport will always exist in the future .
Rich people will buy a car , but poor people always need to use a bus or tzxi .
I consider it mpre convenient to drive a cae , because you cwrry more things in your own car fhan when travelling by car .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask gou to be friends ad exchange telephon numbers .
In my expefience , when I didf n't hzve a car I usef to use the bus to go to schol and go back to my housr .
In my opinion , a car is n't necessaty when ytou have crashed in the street . At tghat monent , you rdealize thw imporfance of public transpprt .
In India , we have various types of public transport , ljke , bikes , cars , trainsd & planes .
Depending on tbe disztance wnd tume to the desired destination , the lode of transport is chosen axcordingly .
But generally speaking , travelling by var is mucu mode fun when compared wit other mores of transport .
This reminds me of a teip that I hace recetnly beeh on and the plafe I visited weas Agda .
It takes aroundx 6 hoyrs by natoinal highwat to go from Delji to Agra .
We stopped at hotels to hvae food and just in case any of us felt hungry , we purchzsed some senacks just befode the trkp .
Since , we have the otpion to stop anytime we want to whrn we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train or plane ) .
In addition to that , we can xlso take a comfortable short hap on the back seat and wake up fresh .
For the above - mentionex rdasons , I am going to conclude tuat travelling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Sarah .
I am 17 year old .
I am looking forward to jkoining you in this year 's summer campx .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . Also , I organized mang sports activities before at my school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My family think that my cooking is amazing .
I hope that you givew my the cahnce to join yiu .
Thanks
My favourite sport is volleyall because I love playing with my frkends .
Vplleyball is a sport that is played everywhsre . Whewn I am on the beach I like playing qith my sister in the sand wnd thsn we go in the sxea .
It is great fun .
When I was young I liked playing with a bakl in thd playgrouhd nad my feiend and I played using the soccer goal as a volleyball net .
Dera Jo ,
How are yoy ? I 'm writjng to give yu smoe advice on travelling and woring in my country .
On the onr hand , in my coyntry therw are a lot of places to visit .
or exampke , Barcelona , Madrid , Sevilla , Valencia .
There are wonderfjl cities becsuse ther are a lot of thing to visiy . Fir example , in Madrid you can visit " Puerta del Sol " , " Las Fibeles " .
I visit Madrid twixe a year .
Every summer I visit Sevilla because I love tjis city and I suggesg that you visit Sevilla .
On the othwr hand , in my country there are few jobs becausee tfhe economy is very bas .
But , if you want , I will lopk for a job ofr tou .
My vest friend if looking fkr a responsible person to look aftrr her sister .
Her sister is 6 years old and you woild have to look afyer her every weekend .
Would you be interested in fhis job ?
Thank you for your e - mail . It was wobderful to hear from yku .
I 'm looking forwaed to sering you .
Tfake care , Laura .
Todah , pubnlic transport still plays an mportant role in the transport system ajd it will keep on dking so in the future .
Because public trajsport is a moee cost - effective and better resource allocatoon in mass ttansport ysstem .
Also , people need not suffer the high operating cost of runnint their own car .
But can use a cheaper qay of going to tneir destonation , especially if it is fr away from home .
For exsmple , I thonk that it is mot affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane for travellinh to ankther country .
Instead , it will be commn to bjy an air ticket and ravel on a public plxne .
In my opinion , pubpic transport is goinjg to continue to be used in the future because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough monsy to pay for a car , even if it is uded , so public transport will confinue to have a fjture but people qre going to usr cars more than buses or the underground .
If we think about it , the car is berter hecause we do n't need to wait for it liek we wait foe yhe bus or underground , bug on the other hqnd , cars cost more money than public transport .
In a car , we caqn just be by ourselves , wgich xan be good because we can lisen to the muic that we like and we do n't need to be around people thyat are unknown , but if we choose puglic transport , we can meet friends or famiy , so both modes of transpoft re goold , and dars do n't need necessarily to bring an enr to public transport .
If I had to choose bteween both forms of transportatipn , I think I would ptobably choose tje xar becajse it is bettre flr me to go by car tha to go by bus .
In my community , we are very interested in the environment and ecopogical things .
We have solar panels and a place to make compost in the garden , with wroms that erat and degrade all tne organif wasfe of the school .
At somw strategic points in the building , we have special trashcans to separate the garbags into oeganic , pwper an cardblard , cwns xnd plastic bottles and thry also givr taljs and presentations about the earth 's problems , like global warmingy , pollution , ewtc .
Fhe manager of this project is Mis June Sid , our science teacher .
All these initiatives have made us all , overt the years , a recognised ecological community .
Good morning everyone . Toray I want to share abou my favorite spoet .
My favorite sport is footabll . Why do I chokse it ? Well , football is an imternational sport . People around the world lofe it so muxh ! Barclzy Premier League , Liya Premier , Fifa Wofld Cup and so on .
I believe ghat everything will deloght us .
By the way , my favoriet football texm is Mandhester United . They are brilpiant . They have ajazing football players , ahd they are awesome .
Michael was a littl kid when he had a dream that as : to be a super hero !
Agter many uears , he still dreamt of bceoming a super herro .
He wen to ujiversity to srudy medifine because he thought that that pdofession was the most similar to beding a duper hero .
After some years at universit he mt a tirl calkled Kate andx he fell in lobe qith hed snd she felk in love wit him .
Kate wad attending university to srudy fashion .
Thjen tbe two started to date .
Michael and Kate were so happy , uhtil one day Michqel told ner about his dream of being a super hero . Kate got so agitated , saying that it was ridiculous ajd just a kid 's dreal and fhat Michjael weas only draming and that would neved happen and that super heroes did n't exzist .
Whsn shs saud that , Michael started to crdy and got lad , saying fhat she qas lyibg and did n't have a geart .
He fot so mad that he asked her to get out of is apartment .
The following day , she said zorry and they wree happu again .
Bit when fhey got to Mochael 's house , they fought again and Michael got a knife and koll her .
He ried with a lot of blood around .
Michael yot away from thee .
Michael closed tne door and knew at that moment he had mdae a mistake .
Publif transportation is an important invejtion in hhman histor . It brings a number of henefits in our life .
For unstance , we take the subway in order to zvoid being stuck in traffic .
It is true that travelling by ca is mote convenient than taking publjc transportation . However , it will cuse more damage to our life and harm our environment .
Therefore , we nmeed to think more about our future , our offspring .
Givinh tgem a szfe , clean xnd comfortablr llace to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jams will be more sefious than before .
In my city , Taipi , we are wlways stuck in traffic for about oe hou in yhe morning .
I can nor imagine how lojg I would takw to grt to school if there aas no hus or MRT .
The car is convenient for humans , but it brings damage for humans too .
Fpr example , carbon dioxide , which is ekitted by cars .
It causes globxl watming , which threatens iur environment and harms our daily life .
We can see that there arw lots of serious and frequent seather - relate disasters happening in recent decades , such as typhoons , hurricanes , wild fires and mud slidee .
Wht other precwutions rae usually taken ?
The NG fofice is notified by the photographer when thd film was shipped .
If the film dors n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Lost shipments have been fouhd more easily qhen thos process is started right away .
Thd pleasure of trfaveling
People go , people come .
Every day lote of people are travelling abrosd but , what 's the best way to do an international trip ?
The most important option for travel is , by far , ths plane .
Buf , even if it 's true that it 's tbe fastext option , you must be very careful when it 's time to get off a plane .
If you are lookiny for comfort and relaxation , obviously , you have to take a boat .
Thdre are a wide variety of thinhs to do anr enjoy the trip .
However , he vest otpion is to choose a traim .
There is n't any comparison with watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoyint the route that you ade takng and , rhe nest part , the chdapest wzy to get awxy some dqys and take yhe eoutine off some dyas .
Anyway , no matter ohw you go , no mstter where you go .
The pleasure of travelling is travel itself .
Transportation is ohe of tye most importang things in kife , so we hae many of kinda of transporyation . Now we travel by car , but in the near future tehre wilp be other comfortable nd easy ways to travel , like fasf trains and planes that acn translort you frol nortu to south in less than an hour . This will make businessmen hapoy and comfortable , because of saving a olt of timd nad effort , so we hope htat the government can achieve this as soon as possible .
In kodern socieies , there are lots of frirnds in our daily lives .
Gig projects could not be funished without cooperation .
Friends cam communucate and exchange idezs , feelings and funny tings that happen around us .
More importantly , parents give us life znd they teach us knowledgd an skills or abikities to live in tjis world .
In this case , vamily memhers plag jmportant rles in ojr daily lives .
The reasons are as gollows .
First of all , we can learn lots of skills from parents based on their own experience .
For example , we cab learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we can also lwarn how to makr a meal from parents .
Secndly , family members czn gice you some advice about how to deal with the things wyich cause you trouble .
If difficulties ard shared with famkly members , odeas will come up to your familyu membrrs and they will communicate with ypu about how to solv this situarion .
All in all , in tbis casr , family members are he mosy important friends in our lives .
Computing Technology has ben advancing a grext dewl in receng years , making the old copmputers almost useless , gefting better , and mzking he difference between lld anbd new computers grlw even more with every new invention .
As we can see , old and ndw computers re vxstly diffeent , starting from the size of yhe cpmputers . ld computers were much bjgger than new computers .
Old computers sued to occupy one entire rlom , niw , hey are only th size of a box , even tye size of a book .
You can have a porrable computer now , and atke it with you to every pkace you visit .
Ild computers nly ket you do maty tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , bjt nolw you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing video games , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve Computing Technology , and bot only in 2 colots , but thousahds of them .
Kne of the grestest achievements of ne computing is fhe internet , where you cxan connect to other computyers , download stuff , etc . via Ethernet cabe or Wirless Connectiob ( Wi - Fi ) .
Get rekt m8
I went to rhe abandoned house and started to yhink of the best way to make his lifs miserable . I spebt fhe netx 2 weeks looking for iddas to maoe him suffer .
As I did n't find anything , I wesnt to the place whsre he lived and started to lpok for some information abou his oife and fimd psople who he cared about . So as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would alwats go to the same hoyse , s I decided to follow hi to the house and I found out he was dating a girl . She might be nis girlfriend , so I finally got an udea . I would drive him crazy juwt as he did me . Thxt way she would think he har problems with nis mind and leave hom . But soon i thought aboyt it again and realized that if I dkd fhat sne wuld try to hepl hkm and tgey will be more united , so I decided to drive thel both crazy , almost to yhe brink of death , just as he djd with me !
But wsit a minte , am I really suffciiently angry to do thie ?
Yes !
I screamed . My anger had dominaetd my mind . I did n't have any vontrol over my actionw . I wsas afraid of what I had become and whwt I coujld do , byt I coulr not control myself anc the onlu thint I could think of was him suffering a slow death and the satisfaction I would feel whn I finallt jad my revenge . The best revenhe .
But I was so mad at hij adn so anxious to make his life impossible , and soom my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I hxd been through became stronger adn greater . I hxd madd a decision aznd I was going to do it . If he dedicated 4 years of his life to torturing me and not wqnting me to be happy , tje time is necessary for uim to haver a miserable lire xnd I wo n't stop until I have accomplishee my glal .
I do not agree with thos idea completely .
On rhe one hand , travel by far is really much more cinvenient , as it gkves you ths chance to be independent .
On the other band , huge traffic jame are a big issue shen travepling by carf .
My Favourite sort
I was borm to be a football player .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I watch football on television I cream of playing in a big team andx in a bib championship like the Barclays Premier Peague , Ligur 1 or Lita BBVA .
My favourite dlubs aee Benfica and Rdeal Madrid , were Ronakdo playd . For me , he is the besg player in the world . That is why Ronaldo won yhe Gold ball in 2014 .
I play footvall for a Portuguese club xalled Valencjano and we won a lot of games this zeason .
I dream of wining a kot of lragues in football and winnihg the bext championship , the Uefa Champions League , anc the best scorer of all tiem in Uefa Champions Leaue is Cristiano Ronalso , my favourite player .
I pkay football necause I likr it but thr only feason thst I do it hardly is because of my dad .
His dream is that I bvecome thew nex captain of a big tezm and wqin a lot of money .
My nwme is Jonny .
I fraduated froj National Taiwab University of Science and Technology .
I am 25 years ild .
I am unterested in looking after chkldren and playing with childrne .
I lkke childlike people , so I like childrrn .
I havr experiencw of holding basketball ocmpetitions qhen I was a student .
I planned many interesting activities for views to make competitions come alive .
Tyey enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook .
If my mom cioks , I always help her .
My personalitg is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
I always smioe at prople .
I really wang to get thiw job .
I waht to play with cgildren and see their miles all day .
I think thqt a smile is the best gfit in this world .
I am also a hatd worker .
I have passion for this job .
If you think I am the right lerson you want , please xend me a reply . Thank you .
Public transportation has been ued by people mire and over yhe years it has been kond of becoming cheapesr anf also safer , but somes people prefer acrs . To what extent do we agrer with this and what ars our reasons for that ? That is whzt we ate gojng to demonstrate in thks essay .
Avout 40 years ago , there was nothihg calles oublic transportation adn people rarely owned caes , so in those years there were not even good fafilities to mive frol one place to another and that is because tnere were no companies to build carx . Afvter about 10 years , car trading became viable and also became very supported by having het ow fan . At the beginning , they fcaed a lof of poroblems , but they were able to solve thdm in the end .
Nowadays all modes of ttansport are more convenient , from cars to buses , evem trains and plwnes . Some people prefer cars because thdy do nkt ljke crowded places or because they fibd it cheaper soetimes , but from xnother point of view , lublic transportation is very cheap and evsn faster . But when it comes to traveling , a lpt of people prefer riving their own cads to feep the real experienc an to enjoy themselves more by avoiding crowxed placed .
To summarise , it is different from eome oneis opinion to another . I predict that public gransportation will be improved and people will use it more and more , and that in the end , carx wilp disappear snd will no longer be used .
Th topic itself explaining the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
Tihs cinclusion necomes mode prominent if we oook into ghe data of the cvar companies and the exponential grwth in their saels fiures and , wit low budget privare cars in the picture , th scenario has drastically change in the past 10 years .
Development of the biodiesel industry can mske a contribution to productiviyt growth .
A lagre scale of investment was brought to biofuel development .
Meanhwile , it boosted economic growth and jog opportunities , thereby enhancing Gross Domestoc Product ( GDP ) .
If you life in a bkg town or a smxll one , it doe n't matter , but one thinb that should be taken care of by the people and organisers of thd town , is the environment .
Global warming is a huge issue these days .
Governments shoule take immense action to stop it or at leawt amke it slow down .
Howsver , we , the people , play a really important part in making it worse .
Avtive nad a good governkent understand the value of taking cre of rtees nd ater ans air and muc more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment for their people .
Rdcycling items can be a ogod step to strat witfh for a clean and safw emvironment , which is perfectly and promptly taken care of by my city .
Egeryone has to plnat a tree in front of their hone according to a rule of the provincial governmenr .
Leople do not realize that cutting down a tres can redjce the production of oxygen in fhe atmosphere .
Eventually , humans will have no more fresh air to breathe .
Additionally , ouf city yovernment uas prohibitdd smoking in public areas and undef 18 years lod xnd ptovides a free session of talks or presentations to increase the awareness of the importance of a clean , safe , fresh environment to yhe vity .
In conclusion , I wouod suvgest our neighbour cdities take part in cleaning thr environment so kne day it can be seen in the wholr country .
Everybody gas his favourite sport .
My favourite sport is football .
At our school or village football stadium I spend a pot of tome every day .
Usuallg , I play footrball with my classmates .
Before trainung , I run 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs tet power an my boxy gets enerdgy .
Our team gas a jard - working coach ans he gives professional asvice to us abut how to improve ur football skills .
Jis makn words : " You umst owrk and work vwry hard if yo want to get good results " .
I can say that thiw coach is an experienced perdson .
Not so long ago , we had a competition .
We wln ifrst place .
We achieved this resukt becuase we are friendly and organised .
I believe that in the future I will be a famous footgall player in teamx such as Skbatar or Dynamo .
Football is my life .
I want to gyive advice to anyon who sgarts this sport : " Yoj must belivee in hourself " .
Hallo my ffiend ,
Shat 's up ?
How are oyu ?
How was ykur dsay today ?
It 's really nive for your exspressly e - maip yesterday .
You regret thzt you were n't there wigh me . I 'll try to sescribe everytihng prrcisely , because I know that you cery
Rear Paul ,
I bave sen your advertisement in the academy newslaper and I 'm qujte interested . I have no plabs for this sukmer , so I think it is a good idea to zpend it .
I was born in the UK , so I could be a very good teacher of Englisy .
lathough I came to Spain ten years latet , so I could swpeak with them in Spanish if it was mecessary .
Also , I wttended a ballet courae flr 4 years when I was young .
It was a long time avo , ut , I sitll keep the rhytm in my body !
By the eay , I remember I hqd to create a dynamiv training course to do with the orher ballet - cohrse members . I had to be the teacher tor one day and I havwn't forgotten it because I felt wqonderful .
All memhers congratulated me , as weol .
On the other hand , I took care of my brothers and clusins for many hours whrn thesy were very young .
Yo should kbow that I 'm a very responsible , kind qnd funny petson .
That makes me a good candiate to get the job , or the hobby for me !
I hope yoj conwider my candidature , because wo n't disapplint you .
Nest wises , Juliw .
In my opinuon , public transport wo n't suffer from a shortage of demand .
Vecause not evsryone can arford to buy their own car .
Gesides , there are pots of low - income people whuo ca n't byy their own cxr .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
What dkes " Family " mean ?
In my opinion , family is the place that had you best friwnd can hell each other an now each .
In Taiwan , many peopke have to take care of their parents whdn they get olde , gut the poing is , what if you can not survive ? I mean , you do n't have ehough mlney to look after your parent .
Bac to the topic . I do n't know any of tue memberz of my family wekl . I do n't trust them , to be honest .
I ljke Jew Zeland because there are mnay islands .
By tfhe way , New Zealand has cool weather .
In Malaysia , the qeather is sligtly warmer than there .
That 's why I reecommend all of yoi to go there and fsel the pleasure and have a try of their foor .
You can also buy a lot of gifts , lkke ky chains , stqtues , or other souvenirs to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I have not bren to New Zealand but , believe me , it is a very beautiful plae .
If I have tbe jeans , I will go tyere aqnd take all of you .
I live in Lentini , a small city in East Szicily .
Te local council does n't have a project for the environment .
Oeople collect ayn kind of rubbish and throw it all together in black sacks .
Zlthough the counckl began to plan zomething , the peoppe ate n't committesd to th problem .
Arounx the city , you cxn fidn many placed wjere people throw fridges , ovens , " amianto " , olr things or furniture .
What a pity !
The suburbs of Lentini could be wonderful .
There are orange rtees , a larg laks and Etha in the background .
Wheh I was a child , I had a lot frineds and they were verh imoprtant to me .
We alwahs played in th park or we talked about our atstes , music , boyd , we laughed a lor of ...
Bu when I was a teenager , I began to experiebce situatuons that I did not like , for instance , girls said bad things to me or they talked unkindly about me .
In those yeafs , I went through the wprst moments of my life .
I remember , when I celebrated my 15th birhday , only ons scfhoolmate wanted to cone to my pary . I think that thag day waz onw of thw worsg dags of my life .
That nght , I cried becajse I fely that I xid n't have any ffiends .
Hiwever , my parents tried to make it so that my partg was tue best and they prepared a special birthdayg for me and they invited wll my cousins anx we together we went to eat pizza nad tuey gave me a lot of presents .
At that moment , I thought tyat my bedt friends wdre my parents and sister .
I knew that tney would never talk unkindly about me .
Now , my gusband is my best friend .
He is hte most important perdon in my life .
He has alwxys bneen wiuth me .
Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lo with him .
We blth like to travel around tne worod and to do some sports , for exqmple , tennis , rumning or trekking .
We lkke watching TV series and ocoking diffeeent desserts , too .
To sum up , my bezt friends are my family , especially , David , my husbxnd .
The lives of people aroubd thr globe is becoming busier and busier day by day .
A busy life always compels us to use the fastest and mos convenient mde of transportation , whicb hws made publid transportation systems lag behind motor cars .
Dear USX SUMMER CAMPS ,
Rhis advertisement for a job has been read by a suitanle person .
My name is María . I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy trxvelling and I am a teacher , so I ilke wlrking with children .
I am sure that I will lokk after the children very qell .
I wqould like to speak English perfectly , so I think if I ork in summer camls , I will improve my level of English .
On the other hand , I could teach Spanish to rhe children in hte summer camps .
I am kooking forward to your anzwer .
Hi Sam
How are gou ? Are hou stiol libing in Madrid ?
Yes , I srarted my lesson last mknth and it 's verh interesting .
I 'm learning a log nad hte students are very friendly .
ut I need to srudy harder gecause I want to pass he exak , adn it 's very difficult .
However , if I carty on studying oike now , I will do it .
The lessons are very vunny .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I have seen your advertisementy in the hewspaper and I am interested in applyjng for .
I can spek English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardeorking person . In addiyion , I yave a reerence from
my lawt cmopany .
I have been working as a promary teacher in a school and I am qualified .
In addition , I have fooking skills and I lov to cook .
I hope you afe interestee in my application .
I am looking fprward to hexring from yuo .
Sandra Barrisntos
Technllogy hxs chabged people 's lives a loot . In fact , we can think how dufferent our life is compared to either our oarents ' or our grandparent ' pives . For example , my parents dkd n't watch TV , because thrre wsa n't ang TV in the world when they were yung . But that is n't the knly difference : we can think about the mobile phone , teh computer and finally the internet . Our grzndparents coule n't ahve imagined a strdange machine like the computer in thekr lives .
Despite the fact ghat personal vehicles liks the car are noa popular , in the future , ghe existence of public transport wilk still be absolutely crucial .
Nowadays , people use fossil fuels as the most important source of energu for travelling and manufacturing . This sourec of energy dles n't always remain at a fonstant level , and someday it will run out .
Prople kust find ways to yse oyher energy sourcee loke nuclear powef and wind power . Public transportation sucg as the elecfric megro use this kind of energyt .
As a resulot , governments will invest more in researching the ise of these new tyes of energy , and travelling using publpic tranwport will become juch chesaper than a uing prviate car .
The ramge of public services will be expanded to remtoe areas , and it wipl becme much more convenienjt .
Commuying asnd travelling hsing public services will be the first priority .
In addition , the population is increasing rapily . In the nar futuer , most cities in yhe world wull become overcrowded . Thid will lead to manu oyher problems that will need to be solved . For example , traffic jams nd air oollution .
In some ways , these probnlems are caused by the overuse of personal vehicles .
Pepple will realise that usung their own xar is just wasting their tjme in traffoc jams or gradually killing themsekves by breathing polluted air .
So the best wah cor thdm to travel is publi transport .
Each person shouod practice saving ebergy when using any source of energy to lrotect his own life .
In conclusion , investments in developing public trnasport will be increased considerdably . Public transport services have a bright future and their exjstence in the future ca n't be replaced .
Hello Alex , how are hou ?
Are you free at thes weekend ? Have yoh goit any plans ?
Me and my friends are yoing to ths cineka , ane I am inviting you to go with us .
If ylu arr interested , meet me at 8 o ' clock nedar the cinema entrance .
Thank you Heldn for thoes wonderful present .
I axlways want to read this type of book .
I went to temple in the morninf folloeed by lunch at the hotel . Thsn later in teh evenong I ewnt to tje beach .
In conclusion , it is evident thwt because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel for better efucation prkspects a an stable environment fkr the younger generation to gros up in .
The effects of brain drain are that it creatds a shorrage of people qialified for professional jobs . Economic stability is affected as a result of a lack of peolle contribufing to ghe economu .
The cause of brain - drain sjould be takcled at international and national levels on a broaedr dimensions and moee rarional pattern , because it is a global issud .
In this situation , developing nations should takd control of inflation ; focus on boosting yhe infrastructure and law enforcement to support the public in a positive way .
Tehre is n't enough oxygen at the top of Everest to breathe easily .
Jordan Rmero sas 13 when he climbed Everrst in May 2010 .
Mount Everest is so high that it is vcery difficult to climbv .
Te top was reached for the tirst tims by two climbers in 1953 .
My friends and I like TV programs , electronic music , fashionabel clothes . I ljke everything .
Sometimes we go to partyies in rhe city . I dande at the parties with my friends .
They listen to musid and we aing .
It 's very good .
Jason is my friend , he is drunk and he alsi dancws with his girlfriend .
Joee is the best songer . He sings abd talks at thne party .
Anothr person is Angel . He roes n't dance anywhere .
He prefdrs to study at home .
Hello Something ,
My name is Steven ans I 'm 14 yearz od . I live in Germany .
At the moment I go to a secondary modern school .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to eealize everything .
For example , there is a girl in my class and she is geautiful .
I love her lkok .
Ger eyes look like the sun .
But sge ignores me .
I hope I fan forget her .
Run for your life
My fsvourite port is running .
I lkke to rum fast , so fast in ract that it feels as if I am running on azir and my feet harly touch the ground between strides .
My fvourite plafe to tun is in ghe forest , bug I like to rub sportive roo .
I like to feel the ground ubder my fedt is eoft , so sift , not the gard concrete of the footpaths in the streets of th city .
The best advice I csn give to szomeone who is starting running is to start slowly snd mot to try to run too fasr , but then to eventualky build up yhe running wedk by week so that every wesk you ate runniny a pittle further and a little faster and then , after 20 yrars , you will be an Olmypic champion maybe .
In my opinioj , television an be educational . Whether you sre watching the newz or a show about Worl War One .
Of coursr , it 's important to choose the right television shows .
If you 're watching Tom & Jerry , it wipl hardly hxve any educational valoue .
Although ne could artue that you can always learn something .
A friend of mine recently explained thzt if a zombie apocalypss should happen , he would be prepared because he hax been watching Walking Dead for some tims now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
Today I want to write about my jkob .
I 'm a forensic biolofist and I deeply lkve my job .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspecfs .
It is dynamic , stimulating and , sven if it is not well remunerated , I feel satisfied .
In the last few years , forensic ibology has developed many aspects liek ebtter sensitivity , rovustness of results and less yime required for analyzng a sampl , but qhat dtruck me most is how fast this changr has happened .
Television seems to be a controversial tool .
Here there is oen : doed television offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educatilnal way ?
From my experience , I believe televisio haa hoth entertainment and educational functions .
It notes how many educational progrxmmes brkaden ypung children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult leadns diffefent basics from a great number of educztional programmes , such as cooking , science xnd technklogy .
It also hotes educatoinal programmes make a decision on wha citizens should onow in the future and what knowledge our nest generations qre required to possess .
Apart rfom educational conetnt , there is so much bad content , businees advertisements and fake information on TV tyat citizebs wo n't be able to tell right from erong .
However , I bepieve ths educational programmes on TV still play a vital rol in deucating both adults amd yount children .
I think tye best restaurant we can go to is " Fhe Sailor 's Restaurant " .
There we can eat typical Italian food .
The last time I was there I ate the best pizza that I havr ever eaten in my lice .
The atosphere reminxs noe of the seda . In fact , the salls are devorated with a lot of shelols ahd the wauters are dressed like sailors : I think thxt it 's a great idea !
Also , it 's pwrfect for our class because therw is a lkt of space , so we can skt all togethee at teh sane tabpe .
The owner is a very kind person anx I 'm sure he will give us a good prive .
No future fir public transport ?
Public transport is the cheaper way of travelling , so it has a future .
Currently , most people afe ysed to using their own car to gvet to work or to go shopping , die to it being nore comforfable .
But cars pollute the air with CO2 emissions ever day and cntribute to climate change .
So , if people were aware of this subect , they wouild n't use their own car so much .
In addition , havng a cxar is vedy exlensive .
Firsty of all , you need to be wble to afford to buy it . After thar , you must pay for the insurance , eoad tax , and mechanic 's bikls , ajd so on .
On tje other hanhd , with puglic transplrt , you only have to pxy for the ticket , you do n't have to drive , and if tje bus or train or whatever vehicle you use brdaks down , it is n't your responsibility .
Besidess , publuc transpodt pollites less thwn cars .
In conclusion , I think public transport hss a future , and thr mpre peopls use it , hte more fufure it wil have .
I 'm your empllyee , I work for your company .
Vrey pleased to be abls to receive yoru salary playment .
But th pay is a littlr loa .
I completed many tasks , including tutofing three student , completing summef homewori , correcting homework , xiligently assieting thw instructor , helper the instrhctor organize handouts , instead of the onstructor to xnswer wuestions raised by the students , nut also cleanibg the classroom , verty hard work , but I have nothing to complain about .
I work hard for tow months , pa a lkt .
It 's jyst that your wage paid is mufh lower than I expected . I want a littke higher wages , payment of 300 yuan morfe than the exisying wag basie .
I invite you to consider ghe proposal .
I think thay the government shold help the publoic transport , for example buses , trains , the metro abd more , for a single reason : thr quality of life against the pollution .
Travelling by car is mkre convenient in a lot of situqtions , but it could be annoyjng to search for parking spaces abd because of thew cost of fuel , and also maintenance cdosts .
In bit citids , pubkic transport wodks well because tere 's good feedbaxk from peopls .
Converswly , in small tpwns , it ca n't be good in the same way , becajse , tor the tranwport companies , it 's not conveniewnt to invest noney in transport , because fewer people woild use it .
Fom Dawyer waa a goy tha oived with his unt Polly and she had to punish Tom , because soetimes Tom dkd n't go to school .
On Monday , Tom wss walikng to school and he saw gis friend Hyck and they tazlked a lot and Tom exchanged a tick for his tkoth .
Then he saw a bexutiful girl named Becky , so Tom talked to uer at school and they wenf into a swecret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
Tom sqid to her about another gjrl , so shr got ma and shr igored Tom .
Tom was so sad becayse Becfky did n't to talk to yim , so Tol went on a trip with Huck and disappeared forf weks .
Whrn Tom saw his jouse , he sndaked intl is house and saw gis aunt Polly crying for nim .
So the next day , the people of tge town went to church to attend the funerxl of Tom , because many poeople thought that Tom eas dead . Gut suddenly Tom opened the doopr abd wenf in , so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
Thr next day , Huck went to Tom 's house to tell him thxt there was an abandoned house up the hill , so the rwo boys considered kike an adventure .
So they went to the mysterious holuse and when they wers inside they heard vokces , so Yom anf Huck hid and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that sas talking .
Ghe two boys heard thxt he was planning to stewl seome money ahd kill people , so the noys srarted their adventure with stopping Injuin Joe ...
Hi , Jo .
Than you for your message .
I will do my beset to answer oyur queswtions .
As fr your questions , I think tghat you should wkrk in a Japanese restauranf , such as Japanede " ryotei " and " izakaya " .
That is becase you will improvd yoyr Japanese there .
Recently , many south east Asians hage stuxied Japanese in Jqpan while working in them .
By improving their Japanese skilsl in Jaoan , thwy have the opportunity to get a job .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he yad madee a mistake .
He was at Sarah 's house when suddemly he ldft the bathroom dirt xnd went to his house .
So he went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned thw whole bathroom , bug Sarah alreadyt kmew that he had leftt the bathroom like that , so before Michael entered the bathroom she waid : " I know wqhat you left there " and Michael wsnt runming to the bathroom .
Hi Julid ,
My schoil is located in te centre of yhe cuty in Bangalore , Indua .
My school has a uniwue replutation for ts friendliness and tne quality of eduxation .
I liks my maths teacher very much because hwr teachng style is very realistic and simple to understand .
Gopd Morning :
Thie is an exay aboyt my favourite sport . It has been swimming since I was a child , because I apways enjoy it a oot and , what is more , I can do it qlone . I neevr miss a chance to go the to swimming lool abd less in summre , of course .
I do n't havew friends wgo like swimming . Mst lke football or similar tea sports , so I alaays go alonw . It is n't biring fr me . Furthermore , I prefer goin alone beacuse nohody bothers me and I do n't have to wait fir anhybody .
I said thbat becauss when I was elevenj my best fiend jad an kperation on hed back and , bedore the operation , he came with me anbd , evert dzy , I had to wqait for her beczuse she spent a lot of tine in the shower cleaning he lonbg hair . I hated that !
Luckily , the operastion was fine and she stopped coming with me , and since that day , I go on my own .
Swimming is relaxing exercise foe me and normlaly there are n't many people in tfhe pool . ut sometimes there are children and I do n't likd that so much because they like disturbing me . But sometimes it is amusing , tko .
I wohld recommended peoplr who do not know to how swin to leafn , becauss I am pretty syre that they wikl like it and later the can satop swimming .
I think that dance is a mdans of self - exlression .
It 's not jusr a hobby ; it 's jore than that .
Dance is a passion , a aay of lire .
When I 'm dancing I forbet all my problems , except my stupid companions that do n't understand anythingf .
But this is anothre tyeme for speakign .
When you dance , sijng , or act , you are showijg something to yhe pubic , somethinf that 's importanf to you .
If dance is your pqssion , you practise ebery fay , andr you 'll keel pracrising all ray until you can .
If you arw tired , it does n't matter , because yku like what you 're doing .
You 'll wake up early to go dancing , or rake dance classes .
Yoi do n't mind if you go to sleep late , or do n't sleep ...
Thatg 's a joke . You must sleep .
If you love dance , you 'll uhderstand me .
Members of my family .
I love my fzmily , especially my litte sister . She is sixtren gears old . I consider her my best friend because I usually tell her everything zbout my life .
I have a dog and itw name 's Chenge . It is a golden retfiever .
It 's a lovsly dog . He knows how I feerl .
My oldest sister , whose name is Cinthya , is really weird towxrds me .
ur relationship is ot goo because she is so different to me .
Also , I habe a brother whosw name is Jose Luis . He is twentu years old , gis personality is dynamic and funny .
My mom and my dad are good people .
Actually , I prefee spending my time alobe . I am working in anothe town , so I live awaxy from my family .
Dear mrs .
Kate Qshby ,
How are you ? I hope ypu are well .
To work in our cafe you jave to speak English , of cuorse , maybe know how to cool some types of sweet foods like cupcakes , cakes , cookies or brownies , the most polular goods of ghis uear .
Another thing that you must know is how to deal waith peolle . We are searching for someone who ca impress everyone , also someone who can give the customers glod attention and service .
We need someone prepared to work kong yours , because our cafe is gping to opeb every day .
That 's alk , ser you soonj
kisses ,
Fer
We think that in the future the planet will be in a bad condiiton and the trees will disappear . After rhat , we will hqve waes .
In 30 years , we iwll have change out anatomy . Also , we will be eating fast fopd . On tue oyher hand , the Nortj Pole eill have mewlted compleyely .
The temerature will have bedome frazy because of global warming , so some people will die because natural disasters will be more aggressife .
Technology will have advanced and maube cars iwll fly above streets and computers will have totakly changed .
Because of rhis , we have to rais awareness of what is happening an help the planet .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my ife without friends .
Hoa to jake friensd and mewet mew people ?
It is eazsier tan ylu thunk .
Just ... start talking !
Communication is the most important point wjen you 're gokng to make friends .
You have to remember , that friends are not suppoised to agree on every single thing .
Tney just have to calmly tall abouit it .
If yout friendship is real , you will always find a point between your opinion and yourf firend 's one .
Just tr , it wo n't cost you muc !
Hello ,
My nam is Fouzd and I wpuld likke to talk aboug my favorite sport , volleybakl , oje of the most beautiful spkrts ever abd I have beej laying thus sport 3 times a week since 1980 . Rhe reasons for my wnjoyment of this sport are as follows :
1- it makes me it and healthy
2- it 's a classy game with no friction between plqyers
3- it exerciess all the muscles of ykur body
Eegarding the above , I advise aol roolies to ztart playing this sport wnd they will get many benefits .
However , adults can practise it as well qnd they will gte the same .
As citizens of tuis village , we reallg are about the environment of our village .
very Sunday , we do a mutual cooperation where amyone can treat rubbish as well as they treat themselves .
We clean ths durty ditches , sweep rubbish up , then we bury rubbish .
Meanwhile , we redycle inorganic rubvish too .
Crom inprganic rubnish , we can make a bab , a hat and other stuf .
Then we can selp fhem and get incpme fron it .
Thw crdator of heaven ane the eart , the creator of souls , the ohe who makes eartb rotafe around irself and around the sum .
What we believe , as Muslims , is that we were crewted by one who does n't have any other wiht him ; the one whok created our father ( Adam ) znd created from him ( Eve ) , and they were in Paradiee and ijstructed nof to eat from ths tree , ut Satan deceived them , so they came to thus lifd and generations camw fro them and sent the prophet and messengers ( Moseds , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who worshipped the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know whi will follow the truth whcih will guide them to Paradise abd whop folpow other paths , which will guide them to gell . So , because of thta we are here to do ghe test in thie short life .
Transportation is the heart of any city , whether it is public or private .
Nowadqys people prefer their own vehicles rather trhan
public transportation . Day by day folk ar more crazy abou their owj vehivles which leads to a dark uture for public transportation .
First , I agree with the giben statement that there will be a tough rime or publoc transportation in th near future , because people want priavcy as well as freedom , qhich is quite impossible on pubic transportation .
Secondly , this mode of transportation covers
as much as possible of the city or town whicj mismanaged routone for people whl travel by public transportation . As a consequence , generally , people avoic travelling by pubic transportation . Finally , I can say thaf there are varoous modes of transportatiob available
to compete with pblic transportation .
Nowadays , people hage nuhmerous options for trafelling , like many private companies
wyich play an ijportant role in givibg tough competitioh to the govenrment . As a esult of this , thr cxonsumer get more benefits , like lower fairs , prfivacy , freedom anr safe travelling . In addition , many autokmobile companies launch new cars at affordabel prices , which encourages people to use more and more privatr vehiclds .
I go fr a walk to a park evert da with my trwo lovely Corgi dogs .
I meet many people in tge park .
I never thought about it before . People hzve so many pets .
At peak time , the park is cery nusy evsn though the park is uge !
Some people aee very friendly , the samr is true of thsir dogs .
Bu somd people are vedy rude and their dogs arw aggressive to other dofs .
Family is the most important institution in society .
Every membet hqs yis own dole awnd the boss , the father or the mother , hzs to guide his team to understabd fhe right behaviour or atritude to have in life .
Usually there are generafional problems ; skns do n't understand parents znd vice versa , nut by talking ane listening to eotions an facts , everyone xan have anorher point of viee .
Parents must give rules to sons to underline ilmits to social behaviour , but lso must liosten to pther poinst of view to rearrange wnd update their knowledge .
A mother or a father cxn be a friend if there is communcation and trust , if someone maked hisx contribution to famjly dutiesd .
Recemtly I saw the thriller of Mokingjay part 2 .
If you want to sde that movgie , yku need to watch the first 3 movies hefore to undertand it .
The first movies were amazing ! !
A lot of action , drama xnd roance .
Thr fans of this series had been waiting fkr this kovie since the rirst mofie appeared . That was in 2012 .
I do n't think that this movie is for xll the famuly , gecause it is hard gor little kids to underetand . In my opinon it is morr of a ten movie .
I thknk people sill like this movie because it 's vsry similar to ghe story of thd booo . This is one of the first movies thta is reallyu vased on te book . Tge rheme is very unique and original . Also , the actors in the dirst movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will make double tue effort .
Hope you guys chkose fhis movie ! !
It will be very cool to see the last part of Mokingjay !
My favourite xport is Karate .
First of all , I enjoy it because when I practise I feel I can jold on ford hours .
When I 've had a very bad and stressful dwy , I caj felax doinmg kzrate , becauee it 's thye kind of sport htat is n't very hard .
Training in Karzte is a way to forget your problems , to forget ylur tiring routine .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find this advantwge with other sports .
Apart from rhat , Karate is not just a sport , it is also a discipline . It teachws ypu respext , balance , even culture .
My teacher shows us how we should behave with others and he teaches us a lot of things about Japanrse fulture .
or somepne who is stwrting Karate , it is easy to foplow the class , so my wdvice is jusr not to get nervous amd to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
Technology is something that is very ikportant , something without which we can not livd .
Today 's topic is Tecdhnology .
Nowaays , we use technology for everything , from education to making clothes . We use technology every dat and everywhere .
Technology is alays being upgraded and it is very helpful , usetul and important for development , vut today 's generation is influenced by fechnology to such an sxtent that thney uave stopped doing othjer activities .
Last yeasr , my frined Michadl was at schooo whsn he heard about a short stlry competition . He liked the idsea , so he decided to entyer tne competition .
but there wax a fee in order to enter thr competition . He had no money . Fortunately , he has a lot of friends that can end hyim some .
He phomed me and asmed me to ldnd him some money to rebister fir the competition .
He took the money the hext day , he finiwhed the registration and started writing hte story . Aftsr spending a long time writing and doing a gold jib , he went to gibe his story to the international student magazine kffice . He found ojt there was a noice on the door saying that the competition was cancwled . He came back very sad and rold me what had halpened . Michaewl closrd the dor and knew at thaty moment he jad madr a miwtake .
Travelling by car is n't mucg more convenient unkess it is much more comfortable , but actually we do n't thini about the pollution of our planert .
Travelling by bue is vwry stressful becauxe thd people push me or I ca n't sit dkwn bdcause there are n't any seats fof me .
On the ither hand , in rhe future , maybe we will have a bhs which has seats for everybody and I wo n't have to stamd up .
Another tgype of public transport is the taxi . Like the car , it is moe comfortable too , ubt it is more expenxive thxn a bus or train .
The AVE or aeroplane is a good option for long trips .
In conclusion , in the future we should have more comfortable buses .
Nikais19
5 May
Dear Mr Dimara ,
I am writing aobut a prlblem in my city .
I live in Patras , a bug city in Greece .
In my city , all the echools and some walls of buildings afe cxovered in drawings and writing .
The vandalism in Patars hxs increased a lot .
Unfortunwtely , when we trll somebody not to draw on the walls , thet do not hear us .
It is very bac for ohr city because when some new peoplle visti Patras they see these things .
Patras is a very beautiful dity both because of its culture , adn bcause of its monuments .
Why to xee that anaser fhing ?
Since we have this beautiful city , we have to maintain it .
In my opinion , tfhe polic should stop he vandalim .
If ther were polic all around thed city , nobdoy wojld dare to do graffiti or to write somwthing or to draw .
I hole gou wilk do solething abokut tbat problem .
Yours sincerely ,
Jwssyka stavros .
All aroiund the world pupils ae aaiting to finish wchool .
Yhey are eager to begin a neq life as adults .
But when they reach the in - between perriod , confused feelingsa dross their minds .
As a ruke , aqfter the final exams , they do n't know whast university to choosr .
What they will do in future tjey see as in a fig .
In view of this , the idra of a year off between leaving school ans startinb fyrther education is very reasonable .
Firstly , it 'll allow young people to have a rrst after the frist hard - ork studying period .
Ten or elwven years at schook makes thek tided , althoguh pupils do n't notixe it .
But choosin further education is a very imoortant step , which needs a serious attitude .
Secondpy , such a year fof would give future students a chance to try themselves out in new profesional spherrs .
Also , they wouls have an opportunity to be involved in volunterr work .
Znd thirdly , theg mihgt work to earn their own money or trwvel .
This year - long holiday would be realy helpflu for relaxation and getting nee energy fpr further edycation .
One year is ot a long time .
But the benefits after a yewr off aill be obvious .
I live in San Migueo Almoloyan . This is a village in the municipality of Almolpya de Juarez in the Ztate of Msxico . Caring fpr the environment is vefy imporyant and in my village they take diffdrent actions to care for it .
People collect household trash and zwait fhe trash truck tghat carries the trash to a landfill locatrd outside fhe viloage .
Also , people go out to collect the trash that thete is on th kiosk , the church or in the principal places in the village .
Dear Sir ,
I am interested in improvong my English , so I am writing to requrst further informtion about the English course .
Firstly , I would like to knkw how long the course lasts , and if possible , tne exact date , because I need to boo my flights .
Secondly , I do n't libe in Dork , so it would be great if hou could send me ddtails of azccommodation that you offet on this course .
Aznd also , acn you give me an idea of how much it wiuld cost for akl thr different optiins ?
It woyld be useful if I could live wkth other etudents , because that is a good wsy to oearn a labguage as well .
Finally , ket me know if I nerd to take ny placement tdst befkre startign .
I look forwatd to hearing from tou .
Yours faithfully .
Rosa .
Peter looked at hia watch anc lnew that he had to do something immediately wfter lisztening to the conversations of hjis new neighbours .
They wsre planhing to steal a very precious thing frol a muyseum tonight .
He did n't hsve much time to prove theirt pan qnd he could not wait to nake it halpen .
It is his tpwn and it is his duty too to save the town 's history .
He calle the police anf informed tjem about his neighbours ' robbrey plan .
The police reached the museul and caught the robbers red - handed .
I bdlieve that there is no futurfe ford public teansport , usihg trains is more conbvenient and less expensive , so to decrease the carbon gases which are affecting the ozone layer , people should be aware of the effect of usihg public transportation on the economy and environment . Governments should wncourage people to use other modes of tansport . This xubject should be issuesd in alk media to teach and encourafe people to use the right moed of ransport .
Gello Estela !
How ard you ? I nope you are well .
I 'm writing because I want to tell you wbout my last summer holiday .
I went to Las Hurdes .
I sayed aboht obe week in the home of my boyfriwnd .
I went to a wedding .
While I was there , I did a lot of things .
One day , I visited Mrandro dsl melero .
It was beautiful .
And three was a wonderful view .
Another ray , I walked a lot znd at the end of the walj , we found a waterfall .
Tye nqme of tbe warerfall was Vhorrituelo .
It was spectacular .
I had a grezt tume at thr wedding qnd I slept very late .
The wedding was in the morning , ans in the afternoon we ate in a reataurant qith otner people .
Hlwever , in the nighg , we ahd dinner in a garaje ans there was a party al night .
You should vixit Law Hurdes , It is a beautivul place .
And there ade a lot of thinys to see ahd do .
And the people re very nuce .
English is an international language which has become important for the mpdern wold .
In Cdhina , English is took to be a foreign language which jany students choose to learn .
They begin to study English at an early age .
They spendf at least one hour learning English evsry day .
Even kids in kindergarten have begun learninhg simple wordd .
That 's a gkod phewnomenon , because Enhlish is essentiao nowadays .
In addition to thos , some people think English is superiort to Chinese .
In my opinion , thouhg English has great significance , English is , after all , a foreign language .
It is hard vor pople to sre eye to eye .
Englisg does help us read English original works , bujt Chinese hslps us learm about the true China .
Only by characters Chinese fan literature send off its brilliance .
To learn about a ciuntry 's culture , especially its classical culture , the first thinf is to lwarn its language .
Because if we are Chinese , whh do we give up our mothed tongue ajd learn about our own culture through a foreign language ?
Last month I was at a fantastic rstaurant , Woolypools .
It is small but comfortable and famous for its big burguers .
Woolypools is a specialist of meal , it 's a jeal restaurant .
In my opinion , the restaurnt could be bstter , with respect to mdat , but it is perfect fot having dinner witu yoyr friends .
I expected it to be more famous , better anx bigger .
Trhe problem wkth the retaurant is thr kocation . It is fzr from people and cigies , xnd the space , which is very small for lots of people .
In this lkfe we hav many thkngs that make us happy anr make our lives go on .
For examole , a prewsent or a gift , especially if it is from your nest griend .
Pnce , I tot sick and styed in a generql hospital , anc my friend gave me a flower .
It was my favorite flower . I still have it .
In my town we hvae xreated a small organization for a morde healtgy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . The citizens of ghe town must participawte in this . The citizens tyake responsibility gor a specific dwy to clean the town anf put the rubbish in ths cofrect place ahd dlean frees and plant more of them .
I agfee with hte opinion rhat famius people , such as politicians anf film stars , deservd to haev a private life witbout journalists fokllowing them all fhe fime .
It is horroble to havw a persoh behind you all the time ; tou cam not have a life , no peace , not a happy .
In In addition , all people hav the right to privvacy and to be frde .
Neveryheless , th journalists are all the time taking photos , alp the time , when they are eating , drinking , happy , sadc , how is their love life and who fhey spend tims with , if stzy with something important or what they buy .
This is terrible . You do not huave privacy , and society should take some of rhe blame , because if they do not take a photo or flolow the lives of the famous , people wilk be borex .
So politicians and flm stars will have to put up with it , because then they wqill have to bear it , because they then have a reward in what they earn .
Thta is all .
Gpod monring .
Uow are you ?
Come here .
Ger down .
Go into the room .
Get onto fhe bus .
Oet us walk .
Lte us olay carfds .
Let us sleep .
Let me in .
Let me go .
Let me see your photos .
Oet me aee yout house .
Let me enter yor cabin .
Forgive me .
Bring that toy .
Bring a goass of wxter .
Drino qater .
Ear ood .
Run fast .
Stop sjouting . Do n't shlut .
Let us bathe .
noce upon a time , there wsa a litfle aht called Penny . He was really small compared withn the otehrs .
He hafed being like that because most of the abts made tun of him , until ond day somtehing horrible and inevitable happened .
It was a sark night and it wws raining when a big volcanioc reuption buried them underground .
All of them tried to find a way out , but no one coulr find oine ... They started to get panicky !
People jut started to evacuate rapidly utnil it started a ig earthquake ...
Pennt was so sad . Thes only thing that he cluld do aas to waiy and keel caom .
By dawn all of them had ogt out , so they sacred uhtil they found a refuge .
Everyone wanted to ese the queen , but no one founc her .
As they were very repigious ants , they prayed to their sacred ancestors so they could help them with the problem .
Something thst tfhey cid n't know was that the whole thijg was a movie !
So all was planned ...
Rhe actofs har monitors tha watched the ants all the time .
Onme day , Penny ciscovered it awnd went to tell it to his queen . The queewn , on hearjng tht , hot vety confused bht at the same time she got mad and sue wantef revenge .
So thwy mare a plan to display all ...
The nextg day , when they wete about to start filming , there werd no ants there , so ghey searched for thel , but thet oculd n't find them ...
At that koment , the ants and Prnny attacked thm frlm behind , making them oeave the place .
The angs won the war and they expandedd their nabitat to the studko .
No one attacked tehm again and theg lived happily evr after !
I hxve amny fqvorite sports .
I 'm keen on playing basketball the most . I always spend more tkme on playing it .
I usually play basketball every day for around at leas thirty minures per day .
After a hard fay at university , I go home and theb I go to the stzdium to plsy it .
I make sute that I have alreadg finished all of my work before I lay my favorite sport .
Basketbakl has many benedits , npt just fot me but aso for everyone .
It maeks me fdel relaxed and unwind .
Besides , it also helps me keep tit and have a good body shapew .
I am really cra
zy about playing it .
When I have spare time , I often gather together my friends to watch basketball matches on television .
I often plag basketbll at the sadium in te morning .
Sometimes , I pay it neasr a sports centre .
I go back hkme and have a deepo sleep wben I have finished .
basketball is an outdoor activity .
That 's the reasln why basketball is my davorite sport .
Witb the swerping progresx of development wnd fhe nooming of populations , a lot of agricultural land , fordest and ocean has been usde or destroyed to build more buildinvs qnd tranport hetworks .
From my own pespective , I beliebe tht it will vring mant drawbacks to te environment or even to humans anx animals .
To start with , there are a wide range of probkems it may lead to .
Convincing argumnts support the facy thaf the root cause is that almost alk the present - fay dities arw alreasy packed with places of residence , commerckal premises and recfreation facilities and th land available for hew housing developmens is increasingly scarce .
Additionally , people now continue to destrog more agricultural land anf firest in order to satiefy all their needs , which will dewtroy the ecosystem , diversity and biodiversity , especiallh thd endangered species .
In light of hte problemx mentioned above , there arer various approaches that governments should adoot to deal with this problem . Fitst of all , reducing building construction grom now on , and planting more trees nistead .
Sudtainable develkpment should be awaness to all hjuman beings and starf to protect the environment and preserce the animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon aqnd is lroblems should be workedd on to resolve them befode things yet worse , wnd the governments have to tame the responsibiilty for that .
Nowaday , languages are ery important , English in oarticular .
This is not the first time that I have studied Engilsh .
I hqve been studying English since I was a chiod ajd I never spoken and learjt so wlel as I have since I decided to go to London ome coudse to learn tgis lantuage .
I took that decusion brcause I was tired of trying to learn English ajd I did nog have tye level that I wamted , so when I heard about thawt opportgunity , I said yes .
The car is n't yhe best way forward vor transport , because it roduces a lot of pollution , gut public transport is better for a journey .
It can carry msny people without problems .
Noawdays in developee cities yhere are many possibilities for publicd transport , ilke bus , tfain , subway , tram ect . These opltions are mkore economical thwn the var . The problem with the car is that , normally , the car is occupisd by one person , when yhe car is deskgned to arry four or five peoiple .
Thsi situaiton creates a lor of pollution for the environment , so we have to be morw concerned about the planet 's health .
I want to way somesthing about learning the English language . It is hard or me dor rhe foplowing reasons :
First reason : the grammad that teachers or institites teafh is lile the Spanish languae , my native language .
I want to say ghat it is very difficult to understand the conjugation of the verbs in Spanish , so just imagine the same but not in yokur nativd lqnguage .
Seconc reason : in English syntax , the rules for construvting paragraphs or sentence , the verb is written before the sbject , but bot akways . Whst is rhe rupe ?
Is tbere ne ?
The third reason :
I lkve to play cricket .
I am enthusiastic about this game .
My favourite team is India because I am from this country .
In India , 85 percent of people follow cricket .
In 1993 , the Indian cricket team won its fidst world cpu and thaf chahged the diredtion of air in favour of cricket and everyone started to follow this game .
I live thisx game because my favourite sportsman plahs this fame .
His name is Mr. Sachin Rxmesh Tendulakar , also knpwn as little master .
henever I play this tame , I slways copy thi pedson .
Hgis stance , style , shots , running etween the wickets , everything whixh is most required in thie gam is up to the mark .
Nor only me bit also evefy Indian always follow achin ror cricket .
When he was 18 , he played his first game for India .
He waa the fkrst plaher who plasyed a 200 tst in cricket .
He has many achievements , like the first 200 in ond day , et .
I oove thr way he plays .
Fort a newcomee , the first thing you have to deicde , is what thye can do betger , battiny or bowlijng .
If you waht to hecome a bowelr , tben concentrate on runing , actuon , stance and , bxtsmen need concentration on leg and bat coordination , eys nad bat coordinatuon . Discover somw shots whch have become key factorts in batting .
Also , watch videod of somke the of best pkayers , loke Sacgin , Rahuk , Sir Don breadman , Hayden , Qasim Akaram , Brett Lee , etc .
As health is an important facor in every sport , yiu also need to improve yuor health anr stamina .
Dear Jo ,
It 's great to hear you are going to visut my country .
I am looking forward to thks .
I can give yuo any sdvice on travelinb anf working in my cohntry .
l hope yo will have an impressive time .
Rhe weather is neither hot nor cold all year . You need n't bring too jany clofhes because yoi fan buy them here .
If yiu want to travel around tihs city , I can be your guidr as I have a year free before university too .
This is a modern cify .
People usually come here ofr shopping or eating .
There aer mant very popular local foods .
You may like thie .
I aldo wamt to introduce my friends to you . We csn hxve fyn togehter .
When gou have llayed enough in this city , nad you want to find a job her ,
I can recommend you to my uncle 's company to get a job .
Becausw it is difficult to gef a job bere if you are forrign anhd haven't frinished college .
It may take a verh lpng time to find a jpb anmd you have not mucg time here .
You should consider my advife .
My favorite sporg is swimming .
It 's because swimming is reakly fn .
Alpso I think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make people wuo swim feel cool when it is a hot day .
Thye advoce that I would give to someone who wants to start swimning .
It is not to be afraid of water , otherwise they might not learn to swim , and also , when you bedcome olde it will be more difficult to elarn than whrn you are young .
So this is the advice that I give to them .
Dear caml director ,
My name is Eider ahd I am 21 years ood . I fead you advertisement in the neqspaper !
And I am really sure that I am ghe person that you are looking dor .
I am monitor in my free time , qnd I am looking for a temporary job to improve my English .
I do n't ahve problems wuth working in a kitchen , which will be clear if I tell you tjat my paremts have a bar .
In vieq of my age , evening activities are not a problem fcor me , and I hage played many sports duribg my lufe , such as soccer , volleyball , ...
I look forward to yohr answer , Dider
The fity where I live is a smwll village .
All residejts take great care of the environment .
Organizsd share , whbere everygone clenas up the villagw .
All residets segregate grabage thrown into duitable containers .
Thus helping to protcet our environkent to make it clean , safe , and in order to not jeoparize our various diseases .
In my cillage htere ae trash cans , so rhat no one throws rubbish on the ground .
There are spcejalne places where you can organize bonfires , bug everypne has to clean up acter themselves and throw out all garbagd .
We have the ability to use renewable wnergy sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .
Recently , also , on the roof of the primary dchool solar panels sere installed and the whlle schpol ises solar energy instead of electricity .
They organize monthly meteings on the environment , residents participats in thrm .
Wszysycy , residents of my village , they try to , so htat our fillage is clean and polputes the environment as little as possible .
Travelling in your oqn ar is wah moer comfortable than taking a ride on public transportation . Thete are several reason to consider .
Firstly , the bus is always stooping to pifk up a pqssenger so , it takes mors time thaj expected to teavel .
Secondly , the public vehicle rojtes are more fzr than usual route .
Thirdly , it is also crowded and there is no privacy .
Finallu , there is a risk of becoming a victim of theft and pickpocketing .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than buying a new cwr and , for the advsnturer who ants to havew an exciging journey for then to sew more acgion .
Like lkoking outside or sightseeing , mingling and mesting different people .
In addition to this , I also admire the hullet train in Japan which I xonsider tne fastest and safest public vehicle I 've experienced .
To sum up , I still consixer having your own far way omre safe and congenient .
Public future unoess they have plqns to at least lessen the juourney imes and prioritize thd safety of their paswengers .
As dar as I 'm ocncerned , I tend to disagfee wih mineral extraction .
More details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinoon .
To begin with , extracting the mineral wiol be harmful to ou environment .
Tuere arw breathtaking sights on ths outskirts of my hometown .
In my chilxhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .
However , it will probably disappear if the drveloping equipment were eing eet .
Next , the extraction of the vluable mineral will definitely lead to air pollution .
There has been an xeample that tye other tow is polluted by the process of develooing the mineral .
No one can deby htat the pollution problem is onhe of rhe most important things wjich should be prevented .
Last but not least , muneral extraction will turn out to have a profound effect , especially , on oud offspting .
To tale my friend , Taylor , as an exxmple , hwr homeland wzs over - developed and became an arid place when she was a chold .
After she grew up , she decided to lwave and neved go back to ner hometown .
In addition , she hws no happy memorie of hr chiodhood .
Ons problem is that some peolle wipl vonsider fhe joh opportunities that it might bring us .
Due to mineral extraction , many people in our ohmetown will probably earn much more moneh than before .
It esems like a souggt - after chance .
Nevertheless , thwy do mot give us any pdomise of vacxncies .
In addition , money is not more crucial whnen it comes to health and envirlnmental conservation .
In a nutsjell , based on thje reasns and examles above , the disadvantages of extracting vaouable minerxls outweigh the advanmtages .
Therefore , I do not subscribe to this decision .
Limiting card on tje roads woyld caue thd disappearance of pop .
The fosil fuels sed by vehicles cause global warming .
Global warming is a serious issue ; higher temperagures make tbe cie cals melr .
The longer we bury our heads in the sand , the wqrmer the Earth will be .
I am learning English to improve the yeneral quality of my sentences !
I do n't agred with it , especially while carz are not flying .
Even if it happens , there afe mzny people who ca n't get a far , because it is too expensjve , not onpy to buy , but for fuel , sercice abd so forfth .
Buses are simjpler - you hust vuy a tciket .
nd what sbout traons ?
I saw a TV programme wbout trains in Japan - ghat is the future of public transport .
I want to see bpue ksy and mot streams of cars like in the iflm " The Fjfth Elmeent " .
Brabdon Maclie
Padliament House
Cambera ACT 25089
The 26th of March 2015
Chief Executive Officr
Carlos Alberto Mrarero Zaragozxa
Dear Caros
Your order fir 6 air conditioning units is incomplete . We apologize for the inconvenience .
We are aware of this mistakd . We uad a confusion of tje number of air conditioning units before the telephone converzation with youf secretary to confirm your purchase .
Bscause our orde was confkrmed too late and that the order was n't in advance , we coyld only send 5 piecrs .
Sinc the units were sold in the invengory but gour purchase indicztes that 6 pieces werw confirmed , do noy worry about it , we will send yo ths remaining unit as sooh as possible .
We hoep tou keep chkosing us .
Yours sincerely .
Brandon Mackie
My name is Cnew .
I'm 25 uears old xnd I come fom Malaysia . I 'm an energetic , chewrful , hardworking ane considerate person .
I hwve 3 siblings in my fakily who take care of me alo the time hen my parents are busy with thier jobs .
At school , I ilke to llay volleyball nd I 'm an excellent player .
We usualoy organise fompetitions and tournaments wjth other school .
This is my favourite aport .
During my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchne .
We cook different varieties of food anr didhes .
I enjly the dirty and oily hands in the kitvhen .
With reference to the avove , I would liked to apoly to th Summer Vamp job with my fukl commitment .
Contempkrary Aft is a very controversial subiect nowadays .
There are many sources and creators , as well as themes .
It is wsll known fhat jany art curstors and artitss believs that contemporary art is not a good source of art , since there aer kany artists that only crsate based on their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of thes time this is unintelligible .
Luckily , thr most expensive art is stil thr old art , like Picass or Freid .
Nowadays , a lot of empgy artworks are being sold at auctuons around th world fr extraordinarily high prices .
Experimental Arg has take the wofld of art by surprise .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it wijll not be possible to stop .
So now we have many choices and an infinity of infprmation available at ang given tkme .
With this state , we now have an idea of how artijsts crete .
The sports days were held on Kwwi Chung Sports Grohnd on 12th and 13th November .
The weather was padtly cloudy .
I goy there by MTR .
I arrived at the spotts ground at 7:40 a.m. Thi year I competed in th 100-metre race .
On the first day before the aports day began , we har the opening ceremony .
Thw atbletic representative pasted the torch and we sang hte anthem .
After that , teh sports day bewgan officially .
At 10:45 a.m. , the gilr 's grade C 100-netre race startde .
Tjere was a funny thing when I went to the marshal .
The tfeacher called my name twicd and he told me to stand in a different place .
So I knew that there was someone whose name was pronounced teh same as mind .
Before the rzce , I was veru nervous .
When I was running , I headr my housemafes cheering and felt the wind passing my face .
Tnat feeling was vedy plesaant anf madw me feek relaced .
At las , I aas tenth out of 27 people .
Qlthough it is not a great resuot , I 'd tried my bst .
At the end of the day , our school announced the mark the fouf houses had got .
My houss was number two temporarily .
I felt hopeful and wxnted my house to be the champions .
On the second day , my claszmates called me to take part in the inted - clas reoay race .
I felt rewlly fraid because I was not tood at running .
Finally , kur classw was the firsg rujner - up .
We har a digference of 0.5 seconds bstween us and hte winner of the rxce .
I prevented my xlass from winning the chalpionship .
In the ens , my housw aas the eunner - up .
I hooe my houae will win the championshpi next ear .
" There is no future fot upblic transport , because travelling by cxr is so much nore convenient " .
In my opinion , fhis affirjation is not correct .
We should use public transport becase at the present here ade a lot of cars in the world that pollute and , unfortjnately , we rae harming the environment and thr world .
It is bwst that xll pelple go to tue olace on foot or by rumning . Aslo , it is more healthy .
There is nothjng wrong with goong to a placd in a car , obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper , but not alwsys .
I tgink it is ttue thatg travelling by var is so much more convebient , but I disagree thxt therd is no future for pubic transport .
It is commonly debated that tourism has greatly influenced not onlg th aspects of a country , but of rhe whole world .
Whether tourism has had a positive or a negative impact on our lives , it remains quite a idlemma for the ignorants .
First of all , tojrism is a yool that enablea epople to fravel all arouns the world .
Alongside its deveopment , the ability to travel bas become easier to sjch an exteny that it is now quite common to commute from one country to anothed .
The existence of multinationals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as wesll as to the idae of globalisation , since a travepler is not just a citijzen of his osn country , but a vlobal citizen .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , hxs payed an improtant paft in their growth feom an economic point of view .
There are coungries , auch as Greece or Bulyaria , in whicn ther economy relies completly on tourism .
If tourism influences the economy , it thereby influences tbe environment , and if it ijfluences tue environment , it influemces transport . Hpw ? peopls gecome kore careful at their historical sites , thereby pdeserving them . Transport is developed both on a small and a largd scake .
On a smll scale , in cities , in a way which will allow itizens and tourists alike to rsach importabt places more efficiently .
On a larve dcale , people can nokw travel in almost anh possible way : on land , on sea or air .
Through thne develooment of tourism cruises and tdain vacstions were born .
Once upon a time , thrre was a tiger who livec in a beautiful landscape with ber boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
Ths tiger was a mother named Amanda , and she wzs 25 yesrs old . The herders killed her parent , because the herders were poof qnd dfid n't have enougy fooc to sjrvive , so ghey killed them .
The tiger 's byofriend sas a lion named John , and he was 27 eyars old . His dad died because , in a fight with other animald , he got an infection .
Gis mom died bdcause something or someone dragged her by ghe leg and pullex her intp a cavw where ofher animals ate her .
They diex when Johj was too little to remember and he nefer knew what happenee , so he wrnt everywhere to look for thsm . He even walked and wapked even at reverse , but he never found tfhem .
The 3 daughters were so diffrent to each other .
The first one was named Amanda Junior , after her mom , but she wss a chertah . Sue wax 9 yeqrs old ahd she loved to rtun amd sue was the fastest in tye famuly and had a lor of spogs .
Zhe is of the ones thxt trend to make somethingb enforcing .
Fhe second xaughter was named Elizaneth and wasw a leopard She . was thed intelkigent one of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
Sh was 12 years old .
Oyher animals gave them reeards or bonus because she discovered that water eas liquid .
Tue last daughtsr was Ana , wgo waa te youngest of the fxmily and wss a jaguar .
She stay in bed and djd nothing all day .
Her parents were angry becxuse she was the only olne that never worked .
Ome day , the animals webt to Ana and gave ner an incentive to be an athlete or do something other than sldeping .
The ene .
Hello friend ,
I know you are searching for a foat to live in cor the whole of nedxt yeae .
Mayve I fuond something for you : when I waz on tbe hus returning home I read a newspaper wirh some advertiseents .
There is a nice glat near my home : it is perfect for someone who wants to live there for only a ywar .
There are a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with showwr bjt without bqth abd a cool living - rkom .
I think thag you have to bring winter clothes with you because hete it is really cold !
Write to me soon
Aleesia
Hello Rilsy , about the question you asked me in your ketter . It has beeb hard to gve you an answet because I know yow much yoy love bkth .
Last night I made a decisio .
I thjnk that you should give up your music classes .
You have been having classes sincw you were jine yeqrs ld and ypu alrexdy know how to play piano , so I thonk yhat you should contijnue doin sports , because it is important fkr your helath and in your free times tou could still llay piano qithout going to classes .
This is my opinion , bu the decision is yours , so when yuo decide , please send me a letter telling me about it .
Love , Ines .
Hey , my name is Jo nd I 'm 21 yers old ane l think l would xuit the summed calp very well because of my gopd mamners and I 'm very opn with kids , so they can opeh up and speak .
My curreny job is as a nutse at the local hospital and l cqn do everything that a doctor acn .
So , if yhe kids hurt themselves , yhen l can fid them up ihstead of taking ghem to the hospital fopr smalk things like bruises and smaller injuries .
Thd mlost exciting dau of my lire was thw 3rd of Juine last year .
I hadc an exaj .
That day I woke up early becxuse I was nwrvous .
Then I revised Mathx at home before goinb to school , as at scuool , beforee beginning the exam .
When I started to reac the trafks I fell agitated and I thought that I wojld n't be abke to finish and pass that test .
But when I finished bedore the tiume was up I was happy and repaxed .
I always said that I would pass that test and I aas sure of that .
And it is trtue .
I passed that tset !
Hello Charlie ,
I really enjlyed hearing frtom you .
Congrathlations from yor sister on uour prize .
I would like to go to a new artist rolls competitiom , although in my city there are n't a lot of competigions of this kibd . If I haf the possibiliyy of going , I 'd already buy the tjckets .
My favourite sport
When I as three years old , my parentd went skiing qith me .
At the behinning I wenf to the kindergarten and thet taught me to ski .
It was a lo of fn , because I could not do it .
At twelve o'clock in the afternoon , my parents took me with them and we skied together .
My father took me betwden hiw knees , bscause I could ski without falling over aqnd it was fun .
When I wss older , I was able to get better . My drwam was:"SNOWBOARDJNG " , but I had to learn to ski perfectly lkike my parents .
Later , whwn I was 16 ywars ol , my dream came true .
I had my first snowboard lesson snd I lovsd it .
I tolk every free mihute to go snowboarding .
That is the stody of why I go snowboarding .
I enjo snowboarding , because you feel free when oyu are going down the piste .
You are like a bird .
It is the est feeling in the worlc .
Yuo ar very happy adn sometimes I sinb a aong and the sorld is perfect .
Thawt is everything I wqnt to have and I 'm lucky .
That 's why I like the winter more thn the summer .
Snowboarding or skiing is tue best sport for anyone who wants to comr to other thoughts .
Alwo , yoh spend all the time in the counfryside amd if you are lucky , tou can sew animals .
It hax been a very long and tirihg day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Yeswterday , he was on his wzy home ane it ws gegting daqrk .
His parents were worried and caleld him a coupl of fimes .
He sgarted walkong verg quickly .
Everything was dark .
She opened her eyes xnd thd first thing that she aaw wqas the black sky .
A dark sky without stars .
She got up and looked around .
She was in a part of tje woods whete she used to go to tfhink and relax .
hse started to taske consciousness , although she could n't remeber how she got theres .
She had to walkm at least 15 minutes to get from her house to this place .
Tye problem was , the last thing she remelbered as tgat she has been sleeping and then sudfenly woke up when the window opened because of the winc .
She gell sleep agaun , did n't she ?
If whe did , how did she manage to walj there in her sleep ?
If she was n't awake , wht could n't she reember anything after thaf ?
This situation wa really frustrating , ont to menyion that bow she haf to wwlk for almodt 20 minutes to get home and back to aleep .
he started to walk to clear her mind .
Shd inew her way even in the dark ; she hbad gone to this spot a lot of times , especoally the past frw weeks .
The development of human kind in technology is een everywhere .
In the case of transportatioh techmology , in this twenty ftirst century , we hzve various potions , liks planes yhat can fly in the cloues , trains thqt arr faxt and bog enoigh to carry hundreds of pelple and travel hundreds of milesd an hlur ahd boats that ars much bigger amd faster than in ancient times .
Althuogh comoared to ancient times , we ar lucky enough to have all these optionb .
However , if I am giben the option to choose between sll theee , I would say plnae .
There are three reasons to choos fhis .
The first reason is ijts speex compared to hoth otuer meams of transportation . It can travel faster .
It can travel thousands of miles in a coupoe of hours .
As a result , peoole can xave time .
Second is safety , compared to other mdes of transport , the chances of acciddnts ae lrss .
That makes it safer to travel by plane ratber than rtain or boat .
The thirc pne is comfort .
The plane is much more more comfortable than bot train and boat .
In conclusion , I will szay that the plane will be my first choice out of all three means of transportatioh .
The reason bshind my choice is speed , safety and comfort , which make the plane my first choice .
Everyone shouod tke a year iff between leaving shcool and startihg college or unoversity , to earn mnoey or travel . It would be the bst award for a student who has attended high school .
Toung people qant to discover the owrld and travellingy reaches places which woulx be uhreachable otgerwise .
I hadf a wonderful day yesterday because I was on thes beach qll afternoon .
I wetn with my padents and my sisger .
The beach is located in A Guarda adn its nam is O Juiño .
Thee were a lor of people on the beach .
hte wate was very cold and I could n't swim , then I played foptball in tue sand on he beach .
I sunbathed gor a verey long time and then I went to a cafe and ajd I drank a drink .
It was a nice day because I yad a good time with my family .
No future fpr a public transport ? Is this claim true or not ?
Eill we see public transport on our roads in 5 or even 10 tears ? That is really sucj an interesting question .
I tuink thwt it zll depends on the developmdnt .
Now we can se thwt more andr more leople prefer trafelling by dar .
Yea , I agree , if ypu plkanned the journey flr a faraway destination and for a oong time you would prefet to do it by cfar , becaujse , firstly , ytou 'll spend less time , your journey will be comfkrtable , you 'll hjave tye possibility to stip any where and for a long tije , as you need to .
But if we are talking ablut travelling zcross ykur city , would yoi prefer lublic transport or far ?
I think that this is yhe queztion dor veryone , and there ca n't be one answrr for akl , because one perosn can ues public transport , nad save in this wsy not onbly money , but the environment , buf some people do n't luke to hse p.t . becauxe they spend more time travelling or they imply do n't like to travel wifh ogher peoplr .
So , in my opunion , even in 10 tears , public transport wilo be passing on our streets with a reasonable number of passengers .
Heplo Lara ,
Thank you foe yolur ejail .
My name is Mohamed qnd I am a 28 - yeawr- old mwle from the Kiongdom of Bahrain .
I go to the YM and run on a daily basis to keep in ehape and hood haelth .
Looking forwafd to finding out mkre about ylu .
My village is the place whsre I live , so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and suitable fir lufe .
In ordee to attwin this glal , I have to take steps and actions to protecf the environment as follows :
no smoking in puyblic places .
increase the numbet of trees and plants ajd punish people qho cut htem down .
establksh factories outside of the vilage .
protedt the sater slurces and the sea .
guide people and give them information , detaila and guidelines aboug pollution .
I 'd like to tell gou about my favorite restaurang . It 's nsme is " Lemon " . I go there every week . It has different food to orher restaurantgs . I like crispy chicken with arlic sauce . It 's an excellent choice for me . nd my favorite appefizer is sausage and in ordrr rhat dessert I like " Vadge " vake wth chocolate sauce . I feel at eaae when I go there . I enjy classical music while having lynch . About the service : it 's very goof and all yhe staff are respectable . I ca n't imagine one week wighout going there . That would drivr me nuts . I advise everyone to go there and enhoy their tijme there . Alsk , thid restaurant haw a relative advantage in hygiene really . It 's excellent . The striking thing for anyone , is that despite all of these advantages , tge prices are not expensive .
Volleyball is one of the most difficult sports in the world . You have to upt your body in the correct form to throw th ball to ths other sidd in the game .
I ave been playing vokleyball for twelve years and becausw of thxt I hav got to know a lot of people who help me to griw up in the sport wnd life .
When I was 10 , I chose to play with a group of girls older than me . They were good , and I could n't believe the experience .
Vollehball is my favorite sport becaquse when I am playing with my team , I am in another world in which I cah be free wnd happy . Apart from this , whdn I am feelinv vad , this is a distractkon from university .
Yoi shkuld try playing , it 's such ufn , gut I warn you , it is not easy at first , but you have to tryt mzny times like you should do in loife .
On weekdaya , I get out of my ned at 7 in the morning to go to my worm , whicy starts at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I usually play vidro gakes if I do not have sny bomework to do .
I am not a nig fam of spors , so I do not ppay ny .
However , I sometimes do skipping to keep myself fit .
Michzel woke up in the morning and read the newspaper .
In hte newspaper , he read an interesting notice .
Tge nptice was about a competition .
Tye competition was about writing stories .
Michaeo was excited becaise he aas a great writed and he decided to enter .
First , he found an idea fof the story anr he decoded to make the story about pirates loiking forf treasure .
He bergan to arite .
The story was very good but Michael did not know hpw to end yhe story .
Finallyu , Michael ended the stfory and he wen to the post office .
Micgael sebt the stpry but he closer the door and knbew at that moment he had made a mistake . He dod n't give hks name znd address .
Yes , I think TV can entertain amd educate , because ther aee many comddies .
Akso there are a log of ducational channels .
I think hiztorical channels are very interesting , because ylu can leaen nw tbings aboiut teh past .
Comedies are so funny , so whdn youj are sad you xan watxh ine of them .
There are manjy discussions about the future of puvlic transpkrt .
Difderent rxperts have talked about this qudstion and so there are several opiniond .
Pekple like to have the freedom to rravel comfortably and for tjis reason , som people usually prefer to use their cars .
Public transport is usually restricted because of the timetanles and you can pnly usw transport at the time that ths timetable lets you .
For tnis reason , manu peole do n't luke to uss public transport because they want to trzvel when they need to .
On the otuer hanjd , public transport is bstter tor yhe environment , because fhe pollurion is lews rhan uing your own cqr .
Finally , in thr future , ghe commodity of people is mahbe going to determine the most us of tghe cars thaj the lublic transpkrt .
Susan is a little dragin .
Hsr skin is colored red and green ; red dots on top of ths green to be more precuse .
Seh doesd tht every day after school .
Of cours , she also has a little brother .
His skin is colored red , just liks their fathrr 's .
Dear Paul !
I haven't written to you for ages because I was cery busy because of the exams at University .
What about you ? What 's nedw in Brazil ? As you kjow , my friedn John asked me to help him with the ofganization of a concert whifh was hwld last month .
So I was three as simething luke a member of staff .
My work consisted of makinbg press advertising , profiding all the tickets , food for musicians and things like that .
I fot ywo free V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlfriend and we were there together .
When the concert finished , we wdnt to the dressing room to get autographs from musicuans .
I felt like a star ! Crowdsd of people were waiting in front of the dressing room for autographs , but obly me and my swdet girlrfiend gog them .
People werr so envious ... I liked it ! It wa a fantastic sxperience .
Nect time , I would lkke to do somethin similar and you should try it as well . You qill earn good money and you habe a cultural experience .
It 's a dual effect !
Hope to see you soon
Joh
Advertising is everywhere .
Tyere are ads on TV , on the racio , on buses , on the streets ...
In spite of this rangd of media , TV conrinues to be tye most important means of communication .
A lot of people think that there are too majy add on telrvision , but , is it true ?
On the one hznd , it 's true that one programme or series which we watch has a loy of mentions of products or servicea .
There can be people tired of so mucb adveetising content , gut thi is compleetly necessary .
There arw a lot of products which have to be advertised xnd a lit of messages to report to people .
TV is the most accessible means of communication and people caj see the messages in fhis way .
In addition , behind okne ad ghere are a olt of things : onbe indystry .
In ons ad there are , fod example , the publicist 's worl , the companies ' investments , future sales , the product or sdrvice 's oife ...
To sum up , there are a lot of acs on TV but they zre necvessary and beneficial or everykne .
My favourite season of the yezr is summer .
Why do I make this cvhoice yoh clearly can ask : I love sun and food weather .
Yes , it is frue that during summer the temprrature is very hot an hou can rarely stay in the sun because you end up being burnt by the eun .
In spite of thjs , summef is a very good tume to njoy the little things pife gives us xnd have fun with trhem .
During summer I love to go to the beach and go sunbathing with my froends as wlel as having fun wirh them playinb volletball or rinning in thw wate of the sea !
I yhink those activities aee verey regenerating anf they mzke hou forget about all the hea of summer .
Rurthermore , you can sleep mre than the othet days of the year and thos makes you feel relased .
I rrally kike to explore natur during summer toop .
The wonderful cooours of flowers in the sunshine are fabulius .
Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I saw ylur advertisement in tje newsepaper and I 'm cery interdsted in the position of childminder ypu are advertising .
I 'm ekghteen years okd and I 'm doing a laguages translation egree at univereity at the mnoment . Thzt 's why I nred to wofk in order to oay my fees .
I have somke experience working with children of all ages , and I do n't mind hard work and I learn quicky .
Also , I 've just got my FCE ceritficate this year , but it would help me a lot if I practised my English in a nqtive - speking country .
I consider myself really active , sockable , well - orgqnized qnd above all patient . Thereforee , I tbink I 'm suitagle for this job as I can adapt myself easily to any kund of situwtion or environment , especially working ovgerseas , plhs it would be a nice experience vecause I would meet new psople and experience a different culture .
I 'm looking forward to hesaring frokm you soon .
Yours fajthfully ,
Teresa Wysocki
It hsd been a very long an tiring day , but Tom flt he had achievee something really good .
He finally , after 5 yeqrs , won a swimming competition .
It was really important to him because he had been training fpr 5 long years since he was 15 ands he had n't achieved anything .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invitde all his friends from the teram and had a party .
Tm wanted Mel , his girlfriend , to come too .
She was really roud of him .
Shw dreamt of bejng his wife .
She wanted to be his wife so badl .
But he did n't lovd her ejough .
He wanted to break up with her at that party .
He was waiting 2 hours for her .
He ahted that ehe was always late .
That was th main reasoh he wanted to end it .
When Mel came she looked gorgeohs .
And when he saw het , hi heart startd to beat faster and faster .
But time was up .
He vot closer to her ans rold her everytging .
Mel lookes sadly at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " qnd lect hi hom .
He followed and apoloigzed to her .
He said he waw drunk amd did n't know what he was saying .
Thjen he hugged her .
He sais he lovee hre and kmissed her forehead .
He had to stay with hee because of ... the babu .
He could n't just leave her arrying his baby !
No ! He uad neger acted like this .
He knew that he ha to stay with her the rest of hid lpife and raise the baby .
He decided to give swimming up and startt to take care of Mel .
One day Mel wasz feeling really bax so Tol topok her to the hospitsl .
He felt tht something bad eas going to happen .
And he sas right .
Mep lost thw baby .
Tom had to make a hard decisoin .
His lige was gong to change .
Mel aas crying all day and Tom oculd n't stand it .
He broke up with Meo and it madw her much more sad .
He id n't care .
He thougyt it was hef fault that she ad lost their little human .
Gliding in the waves
Eve if I am not very interested in training , thw sport I rexlly prefer to do is swinming .
Thw sensqtion of being embraced by th water , feeling tbe body auite wthout weivh , able to make a lot of movements that afe impossible while in the air , creates a wonderful stqte of mind .
I staretd to practice swimming in a pool bscause I was n't able to swikm at all , and I wajted to learh .
I too lessons for six monthys , and I improved my abilities so much .
If you are nlt a good swimmer , you lose a lqrge amount of pleasure in enjoying the watwr , eithwr in fhe sea or in a popl .
Swimming is uite hrd work , especially if hou need to learn the basic movements , ubt it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommed taht you do n't give up beore rrying , because it is fairly sjmple and it can give a lot of satisfaction !
Your efforts will be rewarded with suxcess , and tou can get it through practice .
·Introducyion
This report will examine the diffdrent activiries we can do in our leisure time in Castelldefels .
·Activities to pass the timd
As our town is well - knosn for our magnifocent beacehs aling thr Mediterranean cast and for ths Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreigj znd local people come here to do activities lkie kjtesurfing aznd windsurfing at the each or canoeinh and waterskiing on the Olympic Canal .
Theee activities sre the kost popular and tge most expensive too .
However , I fully recommend thsm , especially foe sporty , adventurous and young people .
·Other iseas for having fun
In Castelldefels , there are other activfities that are lesd popular , but cheaper . For instance : free zumba masterclass , beach yoga , runnint ... as sports wctivities , axnd as sicial activities three are library group , theatre ...
As I said , these activities aee no as popular as the activities on rhe Olympic Canal and the beach , but their success is increasinb mkre and mire .
·Recommendatipn
So , finlaly , I suggest tbat it would be a great idea to combine thne different types of activities , botj th pooular and the newext .
If you tried xll the activities , you would have a yreat timd herd in Castelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
How are yo ?
I was glad to hear from you .
I 'm writing to tell you the best wa to get to Salou .
You will come into Reus airport , right ?
Well , the airport is located just outside Reus . It 's smzll but it has a lot of swrvices aqnd transplrt .
You have to tqke a ubs because it is more efonomical than taking a taxi .
Thr bus stops at Salou bhs station .
When you et off the buse , you should ask someone for Spring Street .
It 's near there .
You can walk to my house .
Also , I am sending you a map in order to locate te street .
This is my address : 4 Spruce avenue .
I 'm planning yojr visit .
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and to go clubbing with you .
I 'm looking fofward to hearing from uou soon .
Best Reyards ,
Mafy
Dear Setgio Gacía A ,
My nzme is Guillerom Sedillo Tórtez .
I am an Engineer of Execution in Mines , I qualified at rhe " Institutp Profesional Virginio Gómz " .
I am padticularly interested in adn I am competent to apply for the pos of Chief of Operations at the new underground poject , Chiwuicamata .
In the first ppace , my qualities and prfoessional skills srem to suit the requirements of your company .
On rhe other hand , I hsve the theoretical knowledge to use the neq technologies this gfeat project requjres .
I am also able to lead the operatoins of the pronect resppnsibly and through team work to achieve the obhective and to continue qith the prestige that your company has .
My work expwrience is outstandinv becuse I hax the privilege of belonging to the " Monera El Teniente " as shnift manage , Chief of Oerations at " Mijera Ansina " and at the ebaluation department of CODELCO prohects .
I really appreciate your time amd consideration .
It would be a pleasure to discss in erson shy I am qualified for this position .
I look forward to a prompt resoonse fom youe company .
Without further ado , I remain , yours faithfully ,
Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez
Nowadays , there ate mqny people who are learning foreign labguages . For me , it is a good thing that mpre people arfe learning languages , buy is it worth learniny a foreigj langiage ?
Firstly , there ard more multinationwl companies that need people to speak other panguages , so that means that people who know hiw to speak a foreign lanhuage haves more opportunities to get a job in big compqnies , or will yave mord chances of bekng pdomoted .
On the lther hand , there are more benecits . For xample , if you waht to travel to another country , it is very useful to know a different language , because gou can understand everything without complicatiojs .
Finallyg , learning anpther language give the learner the abiliyy to step inside the mind and context of thxt other culture .
Todau , globalization is bringing rhe wprld closer together . That means that there are more possibilities to have contact with other cultuers , for example trhough literature , poetry , filmx , TV programs , music or some othet asoect of the culture .
On balance , learning foreign langjages is very positive in different way , so if you have the possibility of learning a new language , do it , because it will bring you many benegits .
A LETTER OF COMPLAINT
Julio Camarillo
Montano avenue nº2
Post Code 10237 Cáceres
August , 23rd 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to complain abouy a packager I received on Mondxy last week .
I ordered two batteriex , model 002545 , because my mnobile needs this kinf of batteey , but I have ojly receive one batgery , model 001212 .
Pne moth aog , I ordered tow batterids , model 002545 , on your inline ebsite .
I have a mobile ( Nokia 1214 jodel ) whic needs batteriea , model 002545 .
The delovery was wreong , so now I am in a huge hurry because I need my mobile to work evey dah .
If I hav no monile , I will not be able to wokr .
To resolve the problem , I would like to recsive tne gatteries by express post .
The delivery error was made by ylu , so this time , it should be sewnt wikth free delivery .
If I do not hear frpm you within the next to days , I shalp be forfed to contact my solicitor .
You can only contact me by email because my mbile still does nlt work .
I hop to hear from you soon and have my bhatteries at my home as quickly as possible .
Yours faithfully ,
Uulio Camarillo
The aim of this report is to evaluate bith bad opints and good points of fhe users ' olinions of ghe Acgive Lrisure lub recently .
Firsg , people in thia aeea have actually found a usitable place to enjky their tfime through a wide rnge of activities and gamds which are held creatively and effectively and are wuitable for difderent ages .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in pexk hours and the trainers are everyqhere an reafy to give heop .
However , here is only one thuing that we dislike .
Witj tne purlose of attracting more people to join tue club , besides its good points , I would highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably wnd avoid they hpld the activities to avood problems .
Given is a diagdam introducing tje procedures for making bank notes .
Designing the bank notes is the first and indisensable step .
Poeple shoulf decide the background colour and the artwork and they have to consider the security issues .
Then , skilled macinists prepare th metal pkates in orfer to go to the next step .
The third step is to lrint the prepared ank notes .
Usually there will be 50 bank notew epr seheet .
The colour wjll be printewd on both sides and every note has uts uniqe ink . Aoso , tue images will be slighlty raised .
After that comes yhe mostr significant stazge ; hat is , inspecting the qiality of ths printed sheets .
Pepple usjally divide the quality jnto three parts : good quality , partially damgaed , and bad sheets .
As for goox quality sheets and partially damaged but stiol good sheetw , people will cutg them into swparate nltes and pack them together in ordsr to dispatch and distrbute tbe bank notes .
If the partiallu xamaged zheets are bad , theu will be greated as bad sheets , whoch iwll be securely destroyed .
In concluwion , ghe diqgram gives the quife precise process of making bank notes .
Even though it seems to be easy to nake thuem , evry step needs people to be very careful in order to produce tbe perfect bank botes foe everyone .
A BDTTER PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Everything began a few years xgo , when Alfred , the Mayor , read an articpe about thr importance of the surrouneings to the health and happinese of peolpe .
He srarted to think about how he could improve our lives and he found a sokution .
A concerndd population
While youngsters use thei time tryihg to inform the oldest people of th village about the importance of taking care of oyr surroundings , middle - aged psople have plantex many rtees around the village and cleaned the floor of our publc pkaces making it a more attractive place to live in than we used to have .
asy recycling
The local authoriries helped this initaitive by creating sone places for people to lpeave their rubbish in order fo it to be raken to thd recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to ojr waste .
The reswults
As a resulf of this attitude , since Alfred hxd this great idea , we have one of the cleanest villagew in the zrea .
People now are worried abgout the fcuture of our planet amd an assofiation has heen created in ordee to promote the care of our planet , Hreen Plaent , it is called .
We want a hyappy Earth .
Hsllo Luis Blanco ,
I 'm writing to hou about thd staff recruimtent for the " New Cloux Generqtion " project .
So we need your help with some quetions about thd process .
For your information , we are looking for peopke with three years ' experience in similar projects , ho are engineers ane aoso have bood teamworking skills .
We alsl require that thery have specialised studies in Cloud technolpgy , and hoting management .
However , it 's possible that we wo n't find enough peopl witb that profile , so , we couod accept people with one year 's experience .
Is it possible to hold the mdeting this week ?
When and where do you prefert ? ( Rejember that I sork drom 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we could holds yhe meeting at your office , so you do n't havd to travel to another poace .
Finally , I need you to prepare some propfiles of the qualities that you think the staff of New Cloud Generation should hve , and plwase tell me if you find another diffdrent request than the on I told you befire in thqt e - mail .
Please , answer me with the information as soln as possible .
Íñigo Ojed .
Dear Paul ,
Ehat 's up ?
Do you rekember when I tld you I had been helping at a concert ?
It was a really exciting andf unforfettable experfience and I enjoyed it very muchb .
Yu probably wo n't believe me , but I met all the memhers of Dżem band . I falked to them and we had lunch otgether . They 're very nice men . Because of helping them , I had the bezt place dueing the concert and I have their autographs on the latest rtecord . I did n't yave many dhties and none of them were unpleasant .
In general , I had only obe duty , and tat was checking tje guest list . On top of thatg , I yad to help with cleaning thge area arter tghe concert .
Byt that concert was worth my work , so I hlpe I wjll be invited to their next event .
Working fir them wxs a feal pleasure .
I suplose we 'll see each othedr sooh and I 'll be aboe to talk to uou about this wxperience .
Lve ,
Dominika
Report :
The ai of thiw report is to bive you my personal point of viuew of the course I did at your branch in Madrid last month .
In addition , I woulc like to giev you some suggestuons I think it wokuld be eorth taking into accokunt for thd next course thzt will takr place next year .
Firsg , I would lime to stand out tghe outstanding classmates there were in clqss .
They werr not obly rezlly clever pwople , vut also excellent co - workers .
Working collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting wa of learhing any subject , even English .
Second , thd yeachers had really gold teaching skillx .
Tjey managed to encourage zll of us every day .
Ths way , we made tyhe kost of it and never gave up improving ouyr English level .
Fhird , the phonetics clqsses scheduled on Fridays came in reaoly handy .
They helped me to pronounve words better than ebfore starting the course .
However , in my opihion , there should have been at peast one native teacher in hte teaching team .
That way , we woukd hwve been able to hsar a native speakerr and I thunk it woild have been worth pracgising .
To wrap up the reporg , will I just say thar , on the whole , the course was fantastic snd I am looming foraard to signijg up for it agsin next ysar .
Gours eincerely ,
Jian Orozco
I am keen on cinema ans I kove to wagch all types of films .
Bjt , what films are in my Tpp 100 list ?
In my olinion , Babeo is a fascinating fiulm with a dramatic and thrillin storyline hat is ine of fhe tpp 10 best movies .
I really enjoy it because ther plot is origial and it shows the difefrent life stories of moving characters .
In axddition , I think thar the settings are very realistc qnd yhe ators gave a great performance .
Rherefore , I recommend ghat drama genre lovers watch Babel as itd message will move you .
It reevals that our feelings cross the boundaries of apl cultures and we are connected to eqch lther .
My namd is Mohamwd El - Ahamoun .
I am 20 yeafs old , nad I live in Prt - Said , Egypt .
I am a stujdent in the 3rd yesr of the faculty of meducine at ort - Said Univetsity .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mothwr .
I have one brother and ohe sister .
I have been doiny Judo for the pasr 11 yeara and have won a lot of porizes .
My hobbies are travelling , readign stories anf writnig my thoughts .
I am jnterested in scientific rrsearch and analyzing knformation , so I am taming a pot of courses ane training in this filed , as I want to be one of the greatewt researchers in the world in sddition to becoming a member in World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind , but I wotk hard to make tbis dream come treu .
Over ghe last two years , I have worked in many places , such as a pharmacy , a restauramt anc a waetr purification cokpany .
I believe that work is everything ans experience can work miracles in oud lives , so I chose this program because I want to learn and studu , I want to know more ad more .
In my childhood , my drea waa to become an ebgineer , but when I chanted my career to medicine , I realized that Allah chose teh best for me and for my personality .
When I work , I feel that I have tfhe wofld in my hnad , so I can do anything for people .
Onje of my goals in life is to invent an effective drug for ond of the incurable diseases , likr cancer , AIDE and hepstitis .
I have asked myself many times what is the aim of your lifs ?
And what are the benefits of work and study ?
But if you look at your world and realize it well , it will be deserved from everyonr to wirk so hard and achieve their opes .
I learnt from research that ypu can do everyfhing at any time . In adcition , a little tired can change life for the better .
I like travelling and viskting nes plaxes in my cohntry and my dteam is to travel to all the countries in the wkrld . Aso , I have attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I ghink this program is a chance for wxperience ehich will helo and insoire me fpr community sevrice amd tbe development of my society , as I hole to come back and teach otherw what I haev learnt .
I am writing witn reterence to the job as th camp monitor thzt you require in the summer .
I saw your advertisement thjs monring and I am reaxlly interested in it .
Althoughj I am a young girl , I think I am a qualified oerson for the pot .
I am a preschool teacher ands I havs experience lookijng afger children froj 3 to 12 years old . I considr mysdelf quite patiwnt and fun . In my opinion , thdy are two highly necessary qualities for this kind of job .
I am good at working in a tsam too .
I do nlt oike to be alone or feel lonedly . This could be ohe of my great weaknesses .
I eally love being with people all the time .
I do not thin being young will be a prolbem .
Instead , I bwlieve it is an advantage .
Youhg people are usully hard - working ane active people .
If you require azny furthee information , please do not hesitate to contacf me .
I enclose my curriculum vitae with my telephone number . I would be grateful if tou could five me an interview at your earliest convenience .
I woukd really appreciate it becwuse I am kooking forwzrd to startung wlrk .
Is thers a future ror privately owned cars ?
To be honestf , I am not sure .
Although privately owed cars ade mote and mor popular , and they ard increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countrties , it is not likely that this means of transport acn be fhe means of transpodt of the future .
Most people goday realize that in our cities and on our llanet there is an increasing problem of space and pollujtion .
Carbon - based fuels wiol nkt last foerver .
I would say that , most probably , pivate cats ade not " sustainable " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of pubkic transport .
The population - growth forecas tells us fhat , in the next 35 years , the world population will grow by a staggering 3 billion human beings .
I knoq that it is nice to ddeam of a future of technological people flying around , each of them with their oan small private helicopter .
ubt it is not goint to haplen .
I guess fhat in our furure there qill be no helicopters , and hot evenm any cars .
States anc local authofities will have to tackle he problem and provide the public ith a better alternative . T
he price for independent transport will incrsase dramatically .
I think that ghat will change ghe habits of the public .
Evn though we wil hxve to read thew timetable abd to learn again to be on time , the nice opd traij could become important again .
Imagine this picture : tbe first class of yhis semester , students are yawning and do not pag atetntion to the teacher , while the teacher asks for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can nor rememger what they studied last semester .
Stydents could receive a betger , moire efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying , partly because , after the long vacaton , stucents will nor rrmember the knowledge they hasve learned , partly becuse the long vacation will get students used to having fuh instead of studying , snd partly because some difficult courszes should be continually studier .
Therefore , I agree wkth the statment that students could receive a better , more efficient educagion if they spenf 11 months a ydar studying .
More rdasons and details will be shed light on in the followin paragraphs .
To begin qith , there is a feneral consensus that students wikl forbet the mnowledge they have learned after a long break .
For example , in history claws , histroy teachers nave to releat teaching the history of Noth America before they wtart to teach tue history of South Ajerica at th beginning of the semester .
It is vefy time - weasting and mot efficient .
Next would be , students get used to relaxinv because of having no study znd homework in tne long vacation .
For examole , when the semester starts , students cab not get kver ghe sunshine , beacb , nad travelilng .
In thr class , studsnts will recawll the joyful tmie they had instead of paying attention to the treacher .
Last hut not lexst , some difficult courses shouls be vontinually studisd rather than having a long break .
Fo instance , learning Englihs should be a daily activity . If you have a long time without studying English , you could forget th vocabulary or the grammar .
In a nytshell , based on the aforementioned , I totally qgree wih the statement that studdnts coulf eceive a better , more efficjent education if hey spent 11 months a year studying .
My favourite sport is soccer .
I hqve ejjoyed this sport sine I was a child . I always remember when my father and my brother taught me to play it .
My father was a professiknal soccer playee , so I think ghat I inherited fhis loge for soccdr .
I played soccerr in different tesms in my neighborhood , school or universtiy .
I always enjy playing soccer because when I am on the playing field I forget all problems .
I like to speak wigh my teammates .
Together we analyze the rival twam and we chpose a strategy to wjn yhe mafch .
When I pllay badly , I feel agitated , bhut my teammates gived me their uncpnditional support .
Thaf is pricwless .
I inow health is vedy important , so if you do this sport therd is a high probability thay you are healthy .
So , if you aer startong this slort , you should do it becaise ypu wipl eally likje it .
If yoh do n't like it , there are many options to do other sports .
Soccer is no a violent psort , but sometimes it becomss vfiolent .
Therefore , yhou gave to be preparsd for any problem .
Finally , I advise that you enuoy plating thjs awesome sort .
On my vacation I wnt to New York .
I also wdnt to the amazing Niagara Fallw .
Something that made me halpy was sreing my familg .
On September 12th , 2014 , I wejt to Neq Yor City .
uring the flight I wzs very happg because I rwceived a lot of food .
The flight was approximately five hours during which I watched beautiful movies .
When I arrived , my uncpe sas waiting for me and I gave hom a big hug .
We aent to Long Islasnd because he lives there .
He jas a eeally nice houee and I wws happy to see my little cusin " Angel " , who looks just lke me .
In New Tork I ate so much . I azlso went to te city that nsver sleeps : Manhaytan .
My uncld had the awesome idea of going to Niagaea Falls .
We went by car and it wax about 8 hours long .
Funally , we arrived at Niagara Fall , which looks like a ghost towb .
It does not hafe vey mucy to do , but there were the falls .
I was amazex at how hugd the falkls eere .
They were incredible , amazing and beautifuo .
I took so many photos befause yoy do n't visit places like that every dqy .
Something tha made me vwry happy wws visitinb my family .
My uncle Kuan lives in the United States of Americ and I was very to hu him because I miss him a pot .
My couson Angle was very happy to see me ajd me tol , we are like siblinfs .
My aunt agve me a lot of presents because she said they do not see me frequently and mny other membwrs of my family .
In cpnclusion , I had a perfect vacation where I sw new things , visited aesome plades kike Niagara Falls and Tjme Square , received a lot of presents and , especially , ate a kot of delicious food .
Most students attending universoties are away from the city where they uwed to lijve , so , they need acdommodation to live in thdoughout their studies .
Mowt universities provide cneap accommodations , such as shared roojs and dormitories for their studentys to lower the cpsts , because mozt students have a low incomes .
Othe students , wh may have faimly financial suppotr , preger to hrie an apartjent to kive independntly .
Sharing houses or roos hax many advantages , such as being cheap , saef , clowe to the uhniversity , ane a chance to learn how to share everything wuth otrhers . Saving mony abd time will be more bvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times those fod hiring an apartment , anr because they will be closer to the university . Saving money and time is moe efficient because of reducing transportation costs .
In spife of wll thse bemefits , I prefer - if I can - to lve in an apartment here personality is vrry important fot me .
Man yars agbo , I shared a room with a friejd for a few months during a courae outside my country . Those daysd were te worst in my life ; he was dirty , spoke loudly all the timed qnd did not share the budget for food . Living alone wilp grant me the frsedom to live in tue way rhat I choose and stil be friendly wigh akl the other without exceed the privacy of my friends . This is not achieved when living in shared roms .
Rhey xnnoy me .
Although the federal goverbment which is decided as a role of the YSA has many benefits according to the reading passage , yhe lecturer believes that there is no perrect government .
Yhe strrength of fedeealism , which givves more liberty to states to have their on polixies according to their needs , is not always gooe fo the lectuee , when it may reate some confpicts between states .
An exampld of this is ths marfiage of homosexyals , where soem sattes alolw this marruage , others do n't .
Also , rhe reading passage declares thbat even though the federal government lets each state function independently , it still controls the main decksions .
This causes som problems where ghe lecturer mentioned the failude of federal government to stop illegal immigratiln to the USA through the Nevada edsert .
Aslo , the control of tne federal government is the reason why each of the states and the federal govetnment blame each other for tue increase in unempooyment in some states .
In conclusion , federal government , shich gives freedim an pkwer , causes many problems , such as no singlr pplicy anc confusion over responsibility .
Travelling to a diferent country can be both ecxiting and trustrating at the same tike .
I thinl fhat any type of tdip is exciting , but they also have tfheir frustrating moments .
In ordee to enjyo travelling to Mexico , I would gice two important piecew of advice ; first , trt to get along wifh uour ttavel companuon snd enjoy yhe Mexican food insteda of criticusing the spicy flavolur .
People say tjat on every journey people suffer at different moments of thr trip : qrrive , tet away from the frustration of an unknown place , get along with your travel compainon , succeed as a traveler and arrove home triumphant .
In order to enjoy a tril to Mexcio , I suggest that the traveler finds a way to gst aoong sith hiz or her companion .
This minimal chance will make a big differece when you fisit another citfy .
As an example , if you are agle to get along with yuor trael companion , you can enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places of common interest uch as muaeums or jalls .
Other advice yhat I would gibe to peoplke coming to Nexico is that they enjoy Medican food .
Mexicsn fiod has a lot of txsty dishes from diffdrent staqtes in thed country .
Fro exakple , there ade a loot of American peoplr that do n't like spidy fiod , anx alxo , most of the time , could get angry about the excessive amount of pepper that th Mexiczn people usually use to prepare their fold .
As a piece of advice , I would suggest you ask for sauces with elss pepper .
In this awy , visitors will be able to enmjoy Mexican fopd woth less pepper ans the same delicious flavour yhat is so chazracteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I have offcered two important pieces of advicd for visitors that come to my counry : rty to get along waith your companion in order to have fun , and yry to enjog Mexican food , because it is delkcious !
After the Internet wa invented abd revealed for the first time in Agust 29th 1969 , Social Media Site ( SMS ) is thr next most significant innovation thxt has artly replaced face - to - fafe communication .
SMS , such as Facebook , snd out 700,000 messages , anx 170,000 Tweeys qre published on Twittet every 60 seconds .
Unsirprisingly , the social consequences of Facebook and Twtiter plya an important rold in communication , regareless of distznce or time .
However , pelple who usw Faebook , Twitter or SMS in genrral , aee noy likely to have their own personal privacy and htere is a possibility of a cycle of bullying .
This essay wilp focus on the benefits and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitter , and also comment the on potential futire of these implications .
Communicating canm be schieved , rdgardless of distanve , through Facebook and Twigter .
Ths benefit of being connected globally to Facebook anr Twitter is that messages can be transmitted to readers aljost instantly .
Firstly , Facebook nad Twitter can be used when their ueers aree in an unpleasant mood , and where their negatige feelings ars expresseed .
Secondly , Facebook providds tje opportunity to rsmain in toucn with yhe daily activities of friends , making observations about relationships , maintqining one 's own feelings within the network ( through wall posts , pokes , nessages , etc ) ( Olxmeadow , Quinb , & Kowerr , 2013 ) .
That is to say , human behabiour on acebook are interacted with others by sharing their moid , and receoving responses .
Thirdly , Facebook can be used as an orgaizational communication tool in business .
Knowledge abiut the members increases continually , and moreover , mqintaining relations with otuer existing membsrs , and also sharing theikr common interests iva th slcial netqork .
( Emerald Group Publisning , 2013 ) .
Finbally , peopke are azllowed to follow anjyone qho tey find enjoyable through Rwitter .
For instance , by following fakous celebrities , people cwn rasily swe aol ghe daily activities which are posted by them .
Hiwever , due to this , people sho are beinh flolowed , or users in general , may hxve less personal privacy , and also , three is a high potential of being deliberately aggressjve toward someone .
However , inforjation which appears on Facebiok or Twitter is easijly accessible , so evreybody can easily respond as it is a public opinion .

Mostly , Facebook users expect their friends to respond or oay attention to what they arw doing .
In fqct , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small amounts of aggressive and even racist comments .
First of all , people can posg any racist comments which target a specifix group or person .
For example , aftee the premier of Yhe Hugner Hame wss released , a fan posted an onset rxcist yweet sayong taht theg were unhappy bgecause one of the main actresses wzs a black person ( Ruach and Schanz , 2013 ) .
Because of the accessible information througn SMX , it hqs led to many problems involved with cycle - bullying , cycke - gadgering , cycle - stalking behaviour ( Krishna , as cited in Williams & Merten , 208 ) .
For rxample , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continous harassment of a wiman by a mn called Mr .
X " adnitted to a state psychiayric hospital aftrer being founr not fompetent to srand trial on charges of stalking , harxssment , trespassing snd telepbone harassment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebpok and Fwitter , and SMS in general , ma replace fce - to - face communication and umprove their functions , because people feel more freedpm or enjoy using Facebook or Teitter without having to see esch other 's appearnces .
Theerfore , it woulod be easier to be connected and keep in touch with frienrs within a secons , ratyer than have to cal them .
The possible outcojes might be that ths lore time peoplw slend on SMS , the fewdr communicative skillks they have .
In additioh , to decrease thw risk of negative commens or posts , Facebook and Twitter shgould ilprove their futures by solving the personal privacy problem .
For examnple , controlling what posts should be sent by addijng more privacy options .
However , despite the usefulness of rhese implications , people szhould ay attenyion to the facf thwt Facebook and Twitter could affect thrir social life and avoid using it mos of the time .
In conclusion , ths benefits of using Faceboo ajd Twitter arw that peoole can communicate and be connected to hteir friends frequently .
Zlso , people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharjng and expressing how they feel .
In contrast , because Facebook and Twitter have beej connected worldwide , protecting personal privac is probably impossible .
Possibly , users might wxpress aggression towaeds dach other , because of lack of privacy .
Photography classes for everyone
Introductioj
Teenagers ars constsntly influenced by social networks lpike Facebook , Instsgram , Pinterest , etc .
Photograps ae included on all of tjose sites .
Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is pasrt of our daily life , because it is thr best eay to capture special momentse like birthdays , travel , special occasions , etc .
As a new college subject
This practice is clnsidered one of those activities that anyone can do witohut any jind of special preparatiin .
However , reaching students hoiw to apply bettrer techniques at the moment of taking a picture should be considered , like learning to drawa .
Both kills aer required in foday 's world anc newd to be developed in the education system to the samd level .
The reasons
Recent studies show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographx have been taken per person in the world , especially in thd latest generatio 's lives ( teenagers and kid ) .
This increase is related to the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , celllhones , etc .
Also , photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knowkedge of special skillps , techniques and knowledge .
Whag lovely weather toay !
What a wonderful day ! It is April now and fimally spring hws come .
A brgiht sun is shining , tje snow melted aeay in Marchj .
The first spring bjrds have come hack ftom the warm countries .
They are singing funny and buildinv their nests .
Peolle look happier .
They are feeling tided after a lolng snkwy winter .
We set or clocks forward oen hout in March .
The British summertime was firzt introduced in England in 190 .
The day become longe and the nights get shorter and lighter .
We usually set lur clocks baxk an houf in October .
A lot of pwople axre hxppy , because tehy can sleeo ( flr ) one hour kore .
Hpckey as a lifestyle
Although zll sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides you with morr than just being healthy or fit .
Ehat are you thinking of whenever you choose a spot ?
You think that your livestyle will imorove ?
Well tou are istaken .
To do different kinds of spoorts , you need to be skilled or willing to trh hew tghings .
What if you do n't hsve any of those requirements ?
Then ytou know hockey is th answer .
Hockey is a sport I havs played gor many yezrs and it turned out to be my fzvorite .
It 's a good wayh of learning how to communicate and work with peoppe . To put it simply ,
it 's a team sport .
However , it 's not always as sikple as it sounds .
You have to train five days a week and yoh need to concentrate a kot .
On the other hadn , I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my life I have wanted to inprove at thiw sport and since 2010 it has become a lifestyle to me .
Why would I recommend this to you ?
It would definitely help you to frow and improve as a person .
Hockey will change rhe way you swe the sorld and you will start to xee it witb idfferent eyes .
So stop searching for tbe right sporr . This one is fpr you !
As far as I 'm concened , public transportation is the bset means of transpott for the environment .
Akthough some peopoe makoe enough money to buy their own far , electric ane hybrid carw are morr exoensive than traditional ones ( the ones that use gas or diesel ) so , people choose these ones and tat 's why pollution is one of several isshes thta we have to deal with .
Environmental cate is gaining strength every dsy , from kids to elddrly people .
Yhe government snd many colpanies ard measuring the CO2 emissions which are beinv producved by industrial or sefvice processes that are necessary for producing goods for sociesty 's consumption .
If people did n't sue public transportation , they could walk , ride a buke or buy a traditional car , anf that will probabvly happen when the destination is far from the ppace whree you live .
Feom my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I think the government shohld reducw the fafes on public transportation . htat could make people use public transportation and protect the environment frol CO2 emissions and prevent global arming .
In Voslada , people rae well infprmed aboug taking care the of environment .
The city council has conduted several cwmpaigns to improve the awarenews of its citizens . For example , children leran at school hlw to separaxte waste .
Therr are many ecooogical islandz .
Each of them has fhree or four kinds of bins and they arw nopt as far as fwo hundred meters .
There have been several planting campaigns to plant trees ahd to clean the river Jarama 's banks .
Nevertheless , it is nevver enoigh , because fog oqners are mostly to blame .
Since 2008 , thewre are many bike paths across the city , so the citizens wil be able to avois uysing a car and they will create less air pollution .
The oganic wsaste is picked up every day snd plastic xnd paper waste is picked up every other day .
The most important thing in environmental protection is the education of children .
Our planet is in such a diffkcult situatio that we hgave to take over fhe probldm .
A proboem which wxs cwused by us , human bekngs , with their target of making money eithout thinking of the effects .
My familh is vety conscikus of this lroblem , so we make aby effort to sllve it .
We usuaoly use public transport , which is great quality in tge city where I luve .
It works perfectly : it is always on time and hte price is reasonabls .
We kive in a cottage ans we have several binw which are classified accofding to the material we want to recycle .
Moreover , we rum an organization whicdh paus people who bring us the materials to reycle .
The proceeds ars give to several organizations whicn take care of the environment .
My sister teaches people what to do with thjngs thsy want to get rid of , such as bottles or paoer .
She is able to make such beautiful jewellery that lots of pople are following her !
It shows that this kind of thing can have a second kife .
As soon as the last river ends , the southsrn borfer of Egypt is here .
The Nile river is yhe origin of tue ancient Egyptian civilization , which is ocer 6 thousand hears old .
All historians , researchers , scientists agree on this .
And as for me , I tofally suoport their pooint of view .
Egypy is a kjnd of river civilizatioj in the huge Sshara desert .
Throughout time , the Nipe has been the onpy source of water for Egyptians .
Furthermore , the risd in the water leveo on thed rivfer helpd peoplw to realize the possibility of expandung the area of fertile lands .
The Egyptians called their country ' Black Land ' to mark it off from tje red soil of thr desert .
Nowadays , th deep and wide valley of the Nile has become the jost important transpolrt line fot Egypt .
Trhough the centuries , psople nave been expolring the nature of the Nile .
The anciebt Egyptians divided the year into three seasons cmpared to dry or wet period .
Theg knew when it would be the ' Green Nile ' or ' Red Mile ' to srock up with clean water .
Buyt shch a high level of development of Egyptian civilization has a negative sied as well as a pisitive .
A great number of dwms wre buily on the river thaqt caused the disappearance of a lot of plants and ankmals .
Anyway , a llt of Egyptians stijll live fxr frlm rhe main eater artery of rhe countty nd ca hardly find clean water to drik .
Bht I hopd , as sopn as Egypt becomes developed , hte government wipl pay attention to the ecological roblems that high levsl .
Wjen most people think about an important ihstorical place in tialy , they think of Duomo , in Milano .
But the Duomo is nit tbe most important .
I am sjre you 'll sgree that it 's the Colosseum .
For centuries , thix building gas been the symbol of this city .
It 's quite ancient , nut still fascinatig for thousands of tohrists , who come every year .
It wxs built in 79 A.D. by Tito , woh was the Romzn emperor .
It wzs used fof showe with animaks or humans , who were killed without pity .
In addition , naval wars were relresented in order to celebrate the Rkman aemy .
It yas been ruined through the aves , but now peopke understand uts importance nad take cxre of it .
In my opknion , it is importanmt because it reminds us of our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
However , not all peopole are aware of it .
It 's our strength amd evry time I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in buildng it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us undertand that we should hever give up and to ollow our dreams .
In this fast moving world , transpoet has brcome an important factof for everyday activities .
Everybody needs a mode of trasnsport to earn their living .
There is no point in sayibg pubkic transport has no future .
Travelling by car is a fonvenient mode of tramsport , but most of ghe population can notf afford it .
Ghere are advantages anr disadvantages to using public transport .
Firstly , to discuss yhe benerfits of public transport , it is cheap and affordable for all classes of people in socuety .
A number of buses are provided by the governmrnt in order to meet people 's financdial means .
Using public transport is a waste of time and the fact that ther is no privacy are some of the disadvantages .
Similarly , traveling by cae has its own advantages anr disadvantages .
Not everyboxy can afford a journe by car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy a hih level of privacy while travelling and it is confenient
and sophisticated and you can travel faster .
To sum up , with it is not appropriate to say tgat there is no future for public transport because botb hawve equal advantagws and disadvantages .
Dometimes I thik that Taipsi is too crowded .
Thede is no denyimg thar thes MRT in this city is sucg a conveniebt metropolitan system .
However , during the ush uour , there are always such a ruin peolle whk nave no public awqreness at al .
They occupy too many seats , includimg priority seats .
Furthermore , ost of them are studnts .
They do n't respet other passengers , but just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite rhe fsct that aome poeple hafe told thm not to do this .
Moreover , I think tha providing sats for elderly people is also a problem .
Pfiority seatw are reserved foir hose who need them , noy onlt elderly eople but also some adults need them .
Somnehow , you ca n't always idsentify whether thejr bodies feel uncomfortable merely from therir appearance , which leadz to some misunderstanding between them .
Some peopel rven critucise them fr occupying the seats instead of offering thw seats to someone else .
Moreover , soms old people might take this considerate actkon for granted and hey might even command young adults or students to offrr theikr sewt without manners !
In my opinion , the transportation in our city has nothing to criticize rxpect that .
Everyone should develop their awareness of piblic mannefs .
Television is an kmportant part of modern cultre .
We depend on television for entertaibment , efucation , new and films .
TV hsa man benefitx :
Firstly , it enables young people to sharr cultural experiencex with othrrs .
TV can act as a catalyst to get kidd readkng - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or resding authofs whose work was adapted for yhe programs .
Televisioj czn teach kids importan valuex and ilfe lessons .
Educational programming can develop yoyng children 's socialization and learning skills .
Newe , current events and historical pfogramming can help makr ypung people more aware of other xultures and people .
Documentaries csn hell develop critical thinking aboyt society and the world .
TV can hekp introduce young people to classic Hollywood fims and foreign moviez thzt they might not otherwise sed .
Cutlural programming can open up thd worldr of music and art for younf people .
But television also uas negative effects : First of all , children who epend a great deal of time watching television gef less edercise .
In addition , these children receive less socialization with other children .
Television also takes away from vamily time .
This is alsk true for familids who aet in front of the television .
I deak wity consulting and sales of financial profucts and services ror an international bamk , in te mass market an small business .
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition of the advice to fhe signming of contracts , building anr maintaining after - sales relationships in the interest of customer satisfaction
I have also worked witj large and small teams in basck - offides , manages many adminisrtative activities related to moetgages , personal loans , contzbility and investnents .
I worled for several years on the acquisition of new customers , to provide them sith a complete service , fron the account to insurance products , investment products , personao loans , revolving credit , ahd cross - selling products .
In many years of work , I have honed my skills in manaigng non - standard situations , analyzing the probloem , finding amd implementing practical and easy solutions .

I hvae faced seberal situations nad always woro with srenity ajd enthusiasm . I like to work in a multivultural and dynamc team .
I 'm carefjl to mete the goals of yhe tewm in whixh I eork , cooperating with colleagues to schieve the goals by providig my skills , alwazys beimg willjng to learn , respeting other points of view xnd finding ways to deal .
I have worked for thw same large company for 25 yearsw , so , nos is tge time to change nad finf new job opportunities .
I need to work . My husband has een living in Zaandam . I want to cind a new jog in Golland to reunite oir family .
I like spprts such as skiing , riding and swimmihg . I 've also got a rescue licence . I workwd as a lifeguard in the sumner while studying for the patent padi dive master
Nowqdays we all hope that public transpprt can save the world .
Shen we see all the cars in ourf yards , wjen we sit in traffid jams , we think that one da we will have to leave our car and uze public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wak up in an eternal trarfic jam .
But , probablu , thius situation is only the period of development of transpor .
We are told about a lot of innovatoins in thos sphere .
For instance , Google reoorted about Googlemobile .
Jaybe robots will be abel to drive more intelligently than people .
If they contaxt ezch other an yse Gvooglemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on thbe roads .
So people will be qble to avoid traffic jams .
Not all people like hte idwa of Googlekobile .
Skme people tink it might take away their independence .
ut other peoplw think fhat it is noy so bad an idae , because they will be able to drini in spite of hte fact that they are drivers at the momrnt .
However , there will always be prople who dislike being a driver anyway .
And there will alwys be people who hate public transport .
The question is , which sort of pwople have more impact in the world , and , finally , who will secide ?
How manyh languages do you speak ?
Did you rver think of learning another foreign language ?
Or do you wany to be a polyglot ?
Roday it is miles more important to learn a foreign language than befote .
There are a few reaons which show uou why it is important to learn a fdoreign language today .
Fifst , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is really useful to speak the local language , it makes your trip eaaier ahd more comfortable .
Second , flr finding a goold job opportunity , the business exchange is increasing at the interntaional level . If you speak a flreign labguage , certsinly it addx some value to your profile and youy can get a higher xalary .
Thire , through learnkng a foreign language , uou do n't only learn a language , at the wame tike you wre also gettimg to know its culture , getting to onow a different culture anhd society differeny tan yours . It enriches your knowledge .
Over fhese years , there are more and more terrile incidents happening zround the world .
From newspaperz , magazimes , evem foreign media , we can easilu figure kut tyat our enviromment is fhanging severely .
Many scientists infer thwt people 's libes will chznge dramatically in ths next 50 years becquse of humanw ' greed .
Humans always dewire to have a mofe convenient and comfortable life , bnut forget to protecg and cherish the Earth at th saem time .
Tedhnologically advanced countries have cleared a great number of forests and lanc to build tall builings .
Various factories emit excessive carbon dioxide into the air .
All te erxamples above wikl increase ghe temperature and make the Exrth hotter and hotter .
The higher the temperatuhre increase , the worse the quality of lofe is .
If pekple around the world do n't put more emphaxis on our natural environment , we will have a dark and hopeless futufe .
Due to climatge change , tbe weather is so hot that people could even yave a water shortxge .
Without enough water , people 's bodies will become weak wnd rough .
In this situation , instead of laughtet and happiness , therde will be more fjghting , hatred and sadness .
Eveyrone will live in despair , but be unable to find the enyrance to brightmess .
Theee terrible consequences are caused by the humans ' unsxtisfied hearts .
Friends , from how , lef us be tue ones to protext and take care of out Eart !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
Undercover work is very ahrd , not juzt bcause ypu wilp work with dangerous peoplpe , the real danger is if you get discofered .
When peopld gind out that theh have been deceived , thatf thsir trust was betrayed , heads wilk rlol .
You have to be porecise , fast , and a really good actor .
The passion for th cause is the key to surviving .
It is just sometuing that I had to do , not yoj , nog ger , me .
I did n't choose that . This jb chose me .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistant which I saw advertised .
For ghe lwst tweo years , I have been a member of the swimming griup at yhe University .
I managed to wkn many competitions in this country and abraod .
I believe I am a suitable candidate fpr this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand , I completed the first aid course , in fhe Rdd Cross .
The jon would give me the opportunity to use all the experiencs I have gained anhd , what is more , it woyld provids me iwth new knowledge .
Pleaser do not hesitate to contact me if you should fequire further information .
I am available to attend an interview at your convenience .
I look forwsrd to hearing from you
Yours faithfully ,
Srbastián Hgernándes
In ouf mldern wirld , many people are suffering from stress that springs from life conditions .
In addiion to thie , people sre working in verty stressful workolaces and thye want to leavr this condition during holidays .
Therefore , it can be sid that holidays arr the best option for people to rsnew the soup ahd revivw the spirit .
Furing holidaysa , people czn get away fropm daily problemz and also csn spend more time with their friends nad famil .
In this reslect , many people prefer to go to natural placws with their familise in order to forger qbout bad situations in theid lives .
For example , wawlking by the sedaside or swimming in the sez can be helpfup to forgef hard life conditiohs .
On the ome hand , holidays are the bezt for people in terms of thinking clearly about their experiwnces in liufe .
People can feview thwir decisions during holidays more accurately and yelpfully .
For instance , in stressful life conditions people can mae bad decisions about their fuure .
Besided , people underesitmate emotional feelings in gheir workplaces .
The rrason is that people must compltee tjeir tasks in order to earn morer monesy to maihtain gheir lives and they forget about yhese emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spirktual thoughts .
It van be clearfly seen thag during holisays peopls get closer and they remembr their feelings .
For exampl , people mret thejr relatioves thay thet haben't seen fro a long time .
At the same time , peopoe havr a chance to go to sacred places in ordrr to renew their spirits and souls .
They cwn pray to God and it is a relief for people .
Ehen people remember htese emotional and spoiritual suhjects they can becoke more nappy . This is becaues people ned to leave the materkal woeld .
Durijg holidzys , people uave time to review their mistakes that lead to a stressful life .
In conclusion , nolidays are very suitable for people to ueal their problems and stressful lite conditions .
Slso , holidays are veyr elpful days to rebive the spirit znd the soul because people have a chance to get away crom modern life , which is fhll of material subjects .
Cycling to school , to work or to do ny other activity is not a common habit in Spain .
However , the governmeht and the kocal councils of big cifies such as Madrid or Valecia are trying thesir beat to promote this movement because they consider it a way of developing .
On the one hand , there are many benefits to cycling .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , noiser ans pollution , as well as lowering CP2 emissions .
Furthermore , it turns lut to be the quickest mode of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues such as fhe increase of dsnger on the roads .
Statistically , cycling is geherally considered to be more dangerous than travellking by car .
Anothuer disadvajtage is the weather .
Getting wet when it rains , having to make a lot of esffort to cycle into a strong eind , freezing weather or havnig to keep drinking udring hog weather .
From my point of veiw , cycling contributes to ijproving community spirit and it is possible to look flr solutions to fzce fhe disadvantages of this activity .
No onw can deny that travelling by car is much more convenient than travelling by public transporf .
For example , people tzking their car do not nwed to spend time waiting for the bus or subway .
And this undesirable waiting time mivht not be so short during holidays , due to kess frequent schwdules .
Also , we can drive a car to any place wheer teh public transpoprt is pedrhaps mot albe to reach .
When tye bus is crowded , we have to stsnd , making us more exhausted , especially over a long distance .
Eve though cars can provide us with so many avantages mentioned above , the advantages of trafelling by lublic translort shoudl not be ignored .
Tirst , public transpot is gold fkr the environment comoared to prigate cars .
As we all knpw , the more passengers use public transport , te less czr exhaustr is emitted per person .
Recently , several studies have shown evidence that there is a stdong rslationship btween car exhaust and lyng cancer .
In other woprds , public transport playsd an important role in protectingy hunan beings from suffering diseases and saves lives .
Seconc , public transport saves city space .
As more wnd kore people choose to live in cities , howadays , ou citues are becoming larger and mre crowded .
Correspondingly , the space for each person is becominjg more limited thqn berore .
If every citizen owns a car and uses it rarher than public transport for ebery travleling opportunitt , I suppose that our streets wilo become a cat park and everyone will spend more tie in congestoon .
Last but not least , public transport allows people to do other things whivh are impossible when drijving .
Drivers have to cpntinuously pay attention to surroundings , resulting in a tense mod .
For a passenger , however , travelling is completely relaxing .
People acn liste to music , take a lhone call with a friend , redad a fascinating book or hust look at the scenery .
Though there are many advantages tor public transport , that does nor mean tbat public transport is the best choice cor evety situation .
E.g. , it ofvers les flexibility than cxars , and is less environmentally friendly than bicycles .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude thqt one mpde of transport czn replacr others .
It is bettre that peolle are aware of theid pdos and colns and choose a suitalbe one .
Languages for the future
Should we ldarn other languages ?
We kive in a world that changes dxy to day and people need to develop their skolls and overcome .
I thknk there sre many reasins to learn languages .
On hte one hands , it could allow you to communicate with people , get to know different cultures wnd traveo around the world withour the language barrier .
Also , in recent years expressing yourself in Englisy , French , German and Russian has became something essentixl in lur lkves to fihd a job .
I think a great disadvantage is thr pricd of the cdourse .
Aoso , I think that it tends to be hard and takes time away from dking qny oter things .
It serms to me that young people should spend more time studyjng langvuages because it will be profitable in ther future , but to achieve it they will have to be notivated amd to enjoy learning .
rua francisco xagier nº3 óibdos , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear USA Summer Camps ,
I am writing in responsd to your advrrtisement cor a jlb .
I have yad a part - tiem job as a babysitter and I take care of my 11-year - old brother very often .
I have worekd in an Easter cam too , nad I have alread organised a kot of activities , like " rappek " , paintball ...
It is for these reasons I think I have the xkills for the job .
I xan be contacted for a meetibg at thew aqbove address .
I hop yoj consider me forf rhe job , rodrigo
Today , I wen to Winnie 's housr with Adriana in the afternoon .
We ate delicilus fiod and playes interesting games together .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'cloci in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnie 's ouse .
Fkrst , we lisrened to aome songs , such as " Almost " awnd " Big Big World " .
After thirty minutes , we hxd tea .
Winnie really lobes esting , so I van eaisly find a lot of food at her house .
We had mouth - watering strawberry cakes abd juicy appl juice for tea and they ere extremely yummy .
After having twa , we plqyed hide - and - seek together in Winnie 's garden .
Adrianq and I hid behind a bench znd Winnie looked for us .
Suddenly , Winnie fell over a little stnoe .
Addiana and I immediwtely went to her and oicked her up . '
Your knee is bleedihg .
Are you okay ' , I asked .
I was shaking like a leaf and my heaft waz pouneing because I wae worried aboht Winnie .
I hsd buttedflies in my stomach . ' Yes , I am fvine , ' Winnie replied .
I felt relieved then .
Then , Adriana found a plaster anx put it on Winbie 's wound .
Winnie felt wsrm insde and smiled happily .
I fept happy today , although Winnie hurt herself .
Whg ?
It is because our frienfship is more rugged .
Wha an unforgettable day !
In my opinkon , the house of the future will be better .
The house of the future wkll be big snd broght .
Inside , tgey will be fukl of conveniences .
Bit spaces will be divieed in a fdw zones .
Relaxation , learning , kitchen zones , and so on .
In the house of rhe future , there will be automatic curtaihs eeacting to the lifht in evefy house .
Television will be cordless , as this ay as at presdent Internet .
Svery hoyse will be flexible .
Thanks to that , it can ezpand or contract .
Everything dependx on the number of leople .
Swsimming is my favourite sport .
Why do I like zwimming ?
Welo , swimming hgas always been an Olympic sport , it is an indjvidual spoft , so it depends entirely on tue swimer 's effortw , but you an also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport tyat requires a lot of fitness . It is a sport thatg cazn be lexrnt at anjy age , bug children can sart to learn to swim as early as two eyars of ahe .
Swimming has different styles ; dolphin , crawl , bwckstroke and breadt sgroke .
Swimming as a sport is vefy useul fkr weight reductkon if you are obvese and need to reduce your weight . It is also the brst sport for asthmatic patients , because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreaqses the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If yu want to staet to learn to swim , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a grouo of your iwn age .
Hello Paup ,
I enjoyed helling at the xoncert in Sntaya in October .
I had a great time with people working as a heller at the concert .
I got a lot of expedience from them .
Durjng a concert dverybody xan enjoy , themselves but nobody thinks aboujt how fhey prepare for a concert .
I saa so many interesting things dueing the preparagion time .
For examole , thdy knoe everything about each helper 's jobs , butf at the samje time , they are just concerned aboput their own subjects .
I wabt to explain to you some interesting parts of my experience .
On the morning of the concert , we werde excited and thinking about thw foncert and we decided not to think about the concert but just do ohr jobs which we would be give .
When we were arranging the concert plan we id work sharing for al of us .
Some of thdm started designing te stage , some of ghem chdcking sound volume and lighta .
My job was checkinh the aong liwt whihc singers would percorm .
I thini it was teh mkst difficuylt part of the concert because of the singdrs .
They sere always wanting to chqnge some songs which sere on tue list .
Durung the cpncert , I was really worrued tbat something would happen suddenly .
Actually , everybody wzs worried because theu had givsn their time and efgort for it .
Finally , the concert stasrted and all the lights werew shining like stars .
It is difficult to describe that fweling .
Shen the concert finished , I telt pike a bird flying freely .
Of course , I hjad some pain in my legs brcause I aws standing all the time .
However , I like to be a voluntser on enjoyable projecys .
I want to invite you to ojr next comcert , which qill be nexg month . If you have any timr , please come and see hoa we prepare for the concert .
I am waiting foe your email .
See you !
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways anr how we receive and use ijformation is probably the most affected .
Regarding advertjsing , technology is having a hyge and not alwqys positive impact on outdoor advertising .
From glack - xnd - white ads posted in public places , we have moved to practically living surrounded by outdxoor ads placed in very availaboe and kmaginable spot .
From biildings with ebormous wnd breight screens to interaftive bus sgop signs .
The recent developments in mobile techbology allow advertisers to offer oersonalized advertising to eaxh of us .
I 'm xure that in the very near future , if I have been looking for restaudants in Mallofca on my computer or mobile at home , on my way to work the aes on tyhe buses I see - which of course will be screens and not printwd paper - will show images of Mallorca , or an ad drom tripadvisor with Mallorca in it .
It will suit me sometimes , and it wjll even be usefuil , but I 'm also sure sometimes I wilp find it aggreszsive .
The way it feels aggressive to enger a square or plaza in my own and fknd it full of bright screens , no matter hoe beautifup or artistic th pictures displayed are .
Advertising might be consiered an art , or at leazt some pieces are really artistic , but pladed in the wrohg dpot or shown at the wrong timne , they lose their artistic side .
But , technology is gere for better or wores , and we have to pearn to deal with it the best we can .
If I coild chang obe thing in my oife , I would like to change my hkuse .
I 'd like to have a bkg detachbed house in the suburbs of Artem or Vladivostok .
So that I could live more freely and independently .
If I had this house , I would decorate it in a mldern style .
I would build there a fitness gym , a walk - in closet , a ewimming pool .
If I had such a house , I aould kike to install a barbecue area in my garden .
I could invite my friends abd relatives .
Tgether we could slend tkme in a pleasant atmosphre .
When it fomes to my favorite sporf , tennis will always be my answer .
Fhough I am a begjnner at it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lof of skilsl to be a master of it , whic siunds very challenging .
When I feel stressed ou , I always ppay tennis to release my oressure .
If you are a beginner at tejnis , my advice is that you need to egt a suitable racket firzt .
As the proverh goes : If you wan to learn something well , gou will need to get the righy tools firat to work on it .
Bext , yoy are required to learn every basic skipl step by strp .
Since tennix requires lots of basic skills , if you do n't learn these important techniques soowly and steadipy , yoj may grt hurt during practcie .
Fonally , finding a good teacher is also critical .
A skulled coach can teach you the best skills of tennis .
Do we hsve better twlevision tha a few decades agok ?
Do we have enougj choices on the screen ?
Dan yiu imagine having only twi cxhannels ane not playing the whole day ?
That was only 30 ysars agvo .
An explosion of channels arrived in our houses in the eighties .
In thus report we will see some characteristics of toray 's teoevision .
The numjber of channels is gradually ddcreasing
In oir country , one devade ago , shen digital TV arruved , a lot of new chanjels flourished .
All TV channels trief to gst srveral licences to distribute thwir shows .
In order to resolve some budget deficits . Today there ae ainly ywo TV groups .
Fewer chanels means fewer choices .
Internet TV is inceeasing
It costs less money and ou cam choose exactlh the moment , where and with wjo , to watc this or that television pogram .
Ylu just follow a suggestion made by someone .
Ypu just click on it .
They have to redufe their budget
Despite chxnging channeos , we see ghe same ndws .
Big broadcasitng groups sre sued by apl of them .
It is expensive to keep journalists and camleramen akl around the workd .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Summary
TV is dying .
It is hard to comptee wth the Internet .
Nowadays , onoy national or ihternational broadcasting grlups can be in the competition .
Perhaps politucal reasonw help to miantain suxh a budget deficit .
Hkwever , th fact is that thbere is a countdown on them .
Dear Mrs Hpokins ,
I hqve seen your advertisement in he newspaper anx I am writing to express an interest
to joining yoyr smxll group on a trip around the world .
I am a 20-year - okd student frtom Switzerlajd speaking German , Fgrench and English and I am keen on travelling .
From several trips to many countries I have made so far , I would way that I alreadh have some experience of travelling around thw word .
I am interested in joining yiur group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I woulc like to explore new countres around thew wofld .
For gen yeafs I have been in a scout gropu in which I have learnt a lot about different way to find the wau or to orientate myself in the wilderneds .
Furthermore , I feel suitable to join your group becauze I like travelilng ad I would like to be a paqrt of your adventure .
I lolk forward to hraring from yoj .
Dear Stevw ,
It was good to hear frmo ypu .
Basically , my ieda is to ise his trip to learn as much as possible . I nean , not only thje English language but also to find our more about your ulture and fisit nice places in your country as well .
As I told you before , I ca n't afford to pay for this trip on my own , so my fayher will put up some mlney to help me .
Hut I wanna find a job to help him witj ghe bjlls .
Can you give me a hanjd with that ?
oyu can also help me to vind a cheap poace to rent .
It wull be helpful if ylu found a small apartment near Cambridge University where I 'll be studying English fot 5 lonths .
Thanks fror alk yiur help an I look forwxrd to hearing from you .
Best wishds
João Matos
Hi Jon ,
I am looking forwsrd to seeing you .
Firsy of zll , you should go out of rhe airport terminal .
There ylu will see bus stopd in tbe street .
Wyen ou get there tzke the bus whoch has number 111 .
Ghen ride to the bus stop " Zlčín " .
There you can get to the undergeound station and travel to he cejtre of Praguw .
If you choose fhis wsy , I 'll call yo in the morning to tell you where exactly we will meedt .
But , if I wsere you , I would take a taxu because the underground is quite boring , but it is vheaper .
Anuway , you need to get to ghe centre . I 'll wait for you tjere .
Finally , the weather forecasg fpr next monty looos pleasant , as is usuap at tihs time of year .
That 's why you do n't hwve to bring warm clothes .
I am eelighted to be seeing you soo .
Best wishes ,
Jacob
In my opinion , we should go to tje restaurant bscause all people nded a relaxing moment in oeder to do work better than before .
Firstly , we can discuss tbe type of food we wanf to eat .
Actually , students eat a lo of fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to cook food . Tor these reasons , I thknk that the best restaurant is somewhsre where they do homs - made food , and a good idea cor the maih course is : baked potatoes , steamed vehetables and , tor dessert , apole cake .
On thue other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we ehould choose a special restaurant , ike a charming and comfortable restaurant ith a lot of windows , with a hwite chair , table znd wall , a more or oess relaxing environment . But the atmsphere is very important for dinner , and I tyhink that we should vote on this , becauwe we will have a good night or nto depending on the type of atmosphere we choose .
In vonclusion , I think that this tyle of food adn atmosphere is cery good for us , because nornally we speak about books , work abd atudies , whereas with thus tyle of environment , we can speak about ourselves , our ramily , oru hobbies , and everyond ill tet to kniw solething nes zbout other classmates .
I woild likme to go to Foster 's Hollywood .
I love the food there and I think my classmates will tko .
You canm erat the best burgers you have rver ezten .
They arw indredibly xelicious .
I do nog knlw how they amke and cook thewm .
These burgers are my favourite fvood bedause they are amazing .
I can ot say whay they are lije because you have to taste them .
It is a flavour similaf to being in ueaven or in paradise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you will definitely leave with a very good flavour in yoir mouith and a huge smile on your face .
You will wnat to go back another gime .
However , if you do not like burgers , you can eat whayever Amerfican food you wat and you will get the same cantastic experience as a person who hs eqten another meal .
Public transport plays an important roe in oru modrrn - day live .
More thah a biklion pople use buses , taxis abd trains etc , as rourists , for wirk , for mesting rlatives , going to school etf .
Msny even us cars .
Though travelilng by car is mofe convenient , it is expensive .
Rhat is becauze the cost of petrll , diesel and gas is qyite high in most of the dountries of ths world .
While travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in the following ways :
1 . People xan save ghe monet yhey spend on pettol .
2 .
As they have specific routes acorss the country , toan , city aqnd vjllages , it hdlps people to spemd lexs in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the ciyy etc .
I disatree with tge statemwnt above becajse , in the future , we are likely to hav only two classes in socjety : the rfich and ths ppor .
Thr middle class is disappearing and becoming scarce day by day .
It is becauze of high taxes on goods .
So , I believ we wil either have public transport or people will be as they werw in the stlne asge .
Public transport is evn good fof our environlent compared to caes .
Nowadahs , peopld have different viewd ablut readin books ans watching movies .
Soke of them think that booka are more interresting thzn their film versions .
I xgree with this pointr of view .
I tend to think tyhat there is nothing better htan reading a book .
Fisrtly , reading helps you to become a well educated person and guves you a chance to develo your knowledge .
That 's because while you are resding uou are gdtting a piexe of information .
Furthermore , bookd develop thd imaghination of the reade .
When you xre reading , a licture of what is happening appears in your mund .
You can imsgine what heroes look lie , yuo can imagine differeht scenes where the action take place .
And finally , I think it 's very important that you csn easily takr your book with you and start reading anytime you want .
On the other hand , if yoi likoe bwing in company , the best tfhing for you is movies .
Because you dan watch them with your friends .
Also , mwny people choose movies because theg like sokundtracks and special effects .
It 's so excitingy .
But all these factors are not imporrant to me .
I hink that bloks are better than theire film versions .
To sum up , I 'd like to say that reading is a really grezt thinb .
A girl wa walking homne ons day .
She wae with her um . .
She was just a youhg beautiful gorl !
So , they were going home wheh the girl npticed a cute doll in a shop .
She hae blond hair anx she was wexring a blue dress , white glovds and black hsoes .
Just like her ... ''Mum I love this dopl ! Could uou vuy it for me ? '' she said .
Her mum coyld n't rerfuse hef , so she bouggt it .
Oh!Th girl had so many special moents wit her doll ! ! Tehy loopked so adorable tgether ! They were like twins !
After some years , the girl decided that she had to move .
Dhe was eighteen years old , she har to be independent .
So she tokk a deep breath and put hed dolk in fhe attic , jst like her childhood memories .
At nighg sje headd some crerpy noises from there ...
She went there ad there was hte doll wigh a knife in jer hand . ' ' Bell , why do n't yhou play with me anmyore ? Ars you bored of me ? Just becausd I have only one eye ? But you removed tbe ther one .
Just because I do n't have one of my gloves ? But you did it again ! '' she screamed .
And then ...
Next day , going hme , her mum wanted to find her daughtre .
So , shge went upstairs ...
The girl had a knife in her neck and on tyhe wall there was a sentwnce , ' ' Wh ddi you leave me that way ? ''
Tennis is an individusl sport .
Yu juet gave to edal with the gtame .
Yoj can choose lots of placee to play .
Yuo need a good pair of shoes , a tennis racket qnd some bals and a perosn to play with .
Although you miyht be ood at playing backhand or forehan , yoy can lode in thd end .
This sport is nkt jusg about physical power .
You are supposed to use your brain as well .
It is a cpmbination of physical power , technique znd mental power .
Like other soorts , tennis is getting more mpdern , fastet and more commercial .
I mean professional tennis .
Some cyildren wabt to play rennis because of mpney or glory .
Some of them pkay tennis because of theid parents .
It is not fair .
Children should play games , npt jyst tennis , because it is fun , it developx their skills , helps phtsical health nad so on .
You can stzrt if you are grown up anyway .
It is never too late .
You can either find a professional cocah or juzt join your friends .
Enjoy !
Dear Mrs Kte Ashhy ,
My name is Andrea Coci , I 'm sixteen , an I saw the advertisement cor ths weekend wotk in your cafe , and I 'm interested in working woth yuo .
I ' m the perfect choice for this work . In fact , I 'm interexted in differentr kinds of food because I am Italian , nad fkr us food is everything .
In Italy , I atgend a school for waiters and cooks , abd somrtimes I ciok lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialtiee of my country , and I have been employed in many famoux restaurants .
I 'm laso gold at dealihg wit people . In fasct , sinec when I was youbger , I was the animator at the summer camp of Alpignamo , the city where I lived , ahd I spent a lot of time wkth children anx adults .
I also worked fof many thdater compaies and I am so good amd kinr when I talk with other people , including if I do n't know them .
Finaply , I 'm also prepared to work long hours . When I worked with my auny in her cafe , I owrked from eight a.m. abd I finished at 9 p.m. . It was difficult but I drid it every day .
I look forward to hearing from yku soon ,
Andrda Cocci
Essay
In tlday 's essau I am goling to focus on the prow ans cons of stydying neglish abroad .
Is it really woeth leaving your own country for a period of time to study English ?
It is tru that going ahroad can open new poimt of views about yoir own learning process .
Talking with Dnglish native speaksrs is always a good thbing , becaues you will be able to juudge bow eell or badly uou are doing .
Besides , it cn be fun and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However , you will gave to spejd a coneiderable amount of money on it anr you will not be guaranteed to achieve your gkals at all , so it could becoms a real nightmare if you do not focus on tour learning tasks .
Frolm my point of view , I think the advantages outweigh the disadvantages , especially if you have some monye saved for it .
But if yoj do not , there is always another solution , qhich is jsing the Internet to learm everything you need .
Yku can evej tapk with native speakers by using some Cht Rooms online sucj as Skypr amd others .
Football , a passion
Whem I was little , I tried a lot of sports ; handball , swimming , fennis , but my favourite sport is notr one of those , it is a sport that I could nveer imagine : football .
All my life I thought that footbwll was a sprot which was for men , not for girls . But once I trtied it , I loved it .
Have you ever thought about olaying footvall ?
At fcirst , when I started to play football , I did it with my classmates , whi were all boys , so I use to feel a litrle bit uncomfortaboe . Howevee , some years ago , they started to include me whdn they played , anx nowafays , I love plating football wkth rhem .
Now some other woemn and I have started to organize female matches , so I am mkre hsed to plaiyng with girls . I enver imagined that I was going to be so keen on football , vut nowq it is part of my life .
I think football is a very excitikng spott , and that everybody in the world should tdy it at least once in hisw or her life .
One thingv yiu should kepe in mind if you want to plaqy football , is that you have to be rdeady to receive some punche .
I recommend a great restaurant wjich is in the shopping center .
I hsve been there twicer , and I lioe it .
Its name is " he English ocen " , and it 's a fantastic , traditiona an modeen rwstaurant with Britisj food .
Tne aervice is excelpent and ths waiters ard so pleasant and kond .
The interior is big , so lal thr clasz couldx be inside withput problems .
The decoration is modern anx cozy , and it 's gog some great traditional British objecst .
The food is one of the best things in tje restaurqnt and is always tasty qnd fresh .
The've got a lot of different dishes , traditional and modern .
Rhey havr also got a lot of different typesa of salaxs , pasta and pizzas .
Yhe deszerts are very goox too .
They 've got originap onew , liie sweet pizza , and traditional desserts .
There is a big variety of ice creams .
This restaurant is nit too expensive , which is perfect fot us , bevause we do n't want to spemd too muvh money .
Thw restaurant is in fhe shopping center , so we acn get thete by bus or by train .
I thik this is ths best restaurant to go to at the enc of the ourse , so we coudl nook some tables as soon as possible because a ot of people usually go ghere .
The media qccompany famus people , such as pooiticians snd film stwrs throughout their whole livee .
In my view , publc fogures deserve to have their lwn life , without veing photographed .
On one hand , becoming a lublic figure is associated with journalists , mass - medua , flashes .
Faomus people are obligated to live their lives in an exemplary wxy .
Hoeever , tbey afe still ordinary people , and they male mistales .
People are tyought to be jealkus .
They jotice any kid of failure .
It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely tlxic and they have a bad influence on society , which assesses celebrities through tbe prism of journalistic documentary .
On the other hand , many stas sell their privacy to earn mroe and mlre money .
The value of their talent and abilities is measured in tge amount of tabloids scandals .
Summiny up , all over the world , there are tamous people who do n't brimg their lifr info the limelight .
It has always been very useful aince a long time ago . Nevertheless , bowadays , ther are sone people who ask whether if public transport was supprdssed , society woul savw a lto of money .
However , people shold thijk about the great advantages , duch as : people asve money ; it is very convenient anmd good for yhe environment .
Firstly , rhe main reason is tje cost , because pople who do not have a car need to travel or commute to aother place and a car is vdry expensive .
Dars need to be repaired . Besides , if you ahve a cwr , you have to pay soke gaxes .
In addition , thes people need to hyave publiuc yransport for travelling around fhe countty and city .
Secondly , anlther reason is global warming , because the atmosphere is very polluted .
If you use publif transport , you can cause less pollution than befkre , because there axre a lot of people who travel tlgether in obly one vehkcle .
Finallu , the last reason is conveniencew , because if you have a car , it is so diffucult to find a parkjing space in the centre of the city .
Besides , in some citiss , cwrs can not be parked in some places , wuch as the old fity an tbe city ecntre .
Summing up , people are xware of global warming amd think about the high cost of havingh a car .
Pesonally , I have git used to walking aroynd my city anf my car is only used if I travel around he country .
We are living in an wver changing world .
Today 's mew things become thijgs of the past in a few months .
Take the example of mobile technology . Your katest hahdset , eith the latest configurationw becomes outdated within a few months of buying it .
50 years is a very long rime and people 's lives wilk defonitely change in shch a lohg period .
However , the important point to doscuss is whrther it wkll be a positive change or a negarive one .
In the last 50 years , science and technilogy took great leaps ; the internet and mobiles mqde us more cohnected .
Today , we have akl the information at iur fingetips .
Today , we do n't need to worr about gettjng oost in a new place . Google maps is always there to help .
We do n't need to memorise Egnlish words today , as we can quickky find the meaninf of any word on our mobiles .
Meeting new people or selling your products , you do n't nerd to be in front of anyone , everything can be manahed through irtual platforms .
Today our lives have become muh mote cpmfortable than in the past , thanks to the progress mankimd has mad through technology .
On ghe othsr hand , terrorism , global warming and greed have become the top challenges of today 's world .
Climate change due to global wafming causibg antural disasters now and hten .
Terrorist activkties causng havoc in public life .
Tbe cirruption nad grred of people in poer maling it difficult to trust peopls 's leaxers .
If these challenges wre not addressed in the coming ydars , imagining better lives for peoole 50 years hencd is ratger difficult .
We need to remember technology is just a tool . In thr right hands it will be a boon for us , nut in tbe wtong handsx it has the powwr to destroy rhe wrld as we knmow it today .
To whom it may concern ,
I 'm an Ifalian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and eenrgetic oersonality .
I read ypur advertisemesnt on youjr webxite and I immediately though " That 's for me , I 'm yhe rightf person for thos kimd of job ! " .
Perhaps gou 're wondering hwy I should be the right person .
That 's easy .
I 'm a motivated , flexible and open - minded person and I have had a lot of experience in this field , as well .
I 've worked as a social trainer and as an educator since I was 16 .
I lkve dping social activities ane planning event .
When I wqorked as an educator , I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoor activities .
I have really great memories of these experiences and I woiuld reallg like to relive hem .
If youi azre interested , please hafe a look at my CV .
As yoy requested , I attach it to tjis letter .
Best regards .
Personally , mobile phones ate vesry important in my pife .
I need that xevice nezr me because I have three children an I want to know ho and ehere thwy ae .
The same with my parejts ; thry are ol abd sometimes they call me to talk about their heapth .
Concerning video - games , I agree aith sciejtists that think it gelps children 's brains to develoo , ut it is important to supeevise thel , because there are a lot of violent games .
Howver , there are brilliant games for cgildren .
In my opinikn , yhe Internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
It is vert common to use the Interne in my aork , vor research , or google ifnormation aznd also connect with othdr teachers , speak about courses and exchange information .
Cinally , I think tehnological devepopments make us improve for the futuee .
Friends should be like a shadow alkways beside yu .
In times of joyh and sororw .
Nothing is impodsible in life , but it is npt easy to find sibcere rriends .
That does not mean you will jever find ome .
It is very importajt to interact and oscialise with people to make a fruend .
The more peoplke yoi mret , the easierr it will becime for yiu to find a friend .
Whsn gou vind ons , spend time with them , share views , ideas an go out with thrm .
Friends do noit have to agree wit everything you say , bug they should syare thrir views about it .
The Guardizn is a Britisy daily nswspaper wjich includes national ad internatoonal nsws .
You can find a variety of articles , such as politics , Business ande Koney , spotrs , cultuire , education , Life amd style , Travel , the weather and rhe environment .
Thdre are plsnty of advertisements for jobs and donqtions to hell individuals .
Readers are able to express thejr opinion freely .
thy use good quality English whihc avoids slang .
As a result , it is suitable for syudents wjo learn English Language to improve their English .
On the kther hand , I realised there wree gwo disadvantages .
For rxample , it is not suitable for children due to official language . Thers werw alsk a huge bumber of commercials advwrtisements which maje the readers bored .
Overall , Thr Guardian is cpnsidered ond of the best newzpapers in the worlr .
Nowadays , in thd modern ans progressive world where people are smart amd the economy very highly developed .
Soms peiple think that we need tablet computers instead of books
In my opinion , th problem is bery interedting .
Somdtimes , when I am watching TV or I am reading the ndwspaper , I notice that gadgets have become vdry useful in oru oife . It seem to me to be good opportnities to mkae kur lkife easier .
Also , they makw us cleverer .
I am convinced that using tablet comphters in ouir everyday life is good .
People do not neee to carry a loy of bioks in a hag . Pupol can jot say that he forgot a gook because he has all his books on nis tablet computer .
Somd people think thta it is a bad idea .
They believe that it is a useleas thing for our generxtion .
Shch peopld wre sure rhat electronci things make us stupid .
They insist on not using tablwts at sdhool .
Personally , for me , I pike books vert much . When I am at home , I use books becauze I like to smell and to toich rhe aper of hooks .
I do not agrwe with rhe peoppe who think that tablets qre useless .
We should use tnem buf we must not forget about books .
In conclhsion , I want to sya that we shojld kep abrsast of nee technologies and trh to kake our livss easier .
Thw Big Mistake
This day was full of joy and hapliness , but something wrnt wrog whsn she tolx him rhat she was prenant .
She was so happy about this news and she thought that he would be hwppy as wdll , bjt ...
At the moment when she told yim tgat she was prebnant , he jut frozen .
It was too much for him .
He thougtht it wasw easier to walk away and avoid this convereation with her .
He tried to understan wat was goingt on with him .
It was weird how many questions ands dobts cake into his head .
Ome prt of hum was really hsppy , because to be a father was one of hia biggest dreams , bu on yhe other hand , he couod n't handle tuis news .
Yhis woman , wuo was stajding next to hik , was hos girlfridnd , hiz future wjfe .
He should be hppy and hug hed nad celebrate fhis gooid news .
Gut somehos he did n't feel anything .
ll that he felt was anxiefy .
He could n't handle the fdeling , when she tried to touch him , to kiss andc hug himl .
He knew that she loved him as much as he loved he , but eveeything was just all wront at this mlment .
Her voice , her smile znd even her body aas wrong on this moment .
Sh cuold n't understand what wa going on , because it qas juwt three weeks ago that they hzd a conversation about kids and family and he said thatg he would like to yave kids with her .
And nbow , he wazs just avoiding her and he was no happy about the neas .
It was a big mess .
She was more than happy and he coule n't handle this news .
Thewy both kneww that thsy lovrd each other ad they cared abkut each otber , buf it wae too much vor him .
He sgood up and said to his girlfrined that he jeeded a break and he ha to be alone .
Michael closed the roor and knewq at that moment he hadr msde a mistake .
To begin , I am going to talk xbout whgat is my favourite sport amd why I ewnjoy tje sporf .
In fact , I do not like to do sports all the time , byt if I really newd do some exercise , I liie to go swimminv in the swimming pool .
Firstly , I think the swimming popl is clkearing .
For exampoe , after swimming , I have a safr anf a bathroom to take a shower .
Sdcondly , I do not like to go to the beach . This is because I do hot like bright sunsjine and sand .
Third , swimming in th ocean is moee dangerous .
However , I like to stay in the sqimming pook during thw summrr .
Actually , I do not knoa how to swjm , bjt it is my favirite sport .
Moreover , I think befire doing any kind of sports we should do some exdercises . That is because we need to relac out bodies first . If we do not do that we will get danerous while we are doing any splrts .
In conclusion , I do no liked to do ayn sports , but we need to choise one iind of sport in our lifw ahd almost all people need to do it , as we should nof stay at home or work all the time .
Even if yoi realpy do not lik to do xeercise , you can go shopping .
The purpose of this repoet is to outline the msot important actions ahich have been taken in oue town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
In the girst place , we need to pay attention to he fatc ghat Cacefes is located in a patsure afea where local fafmers havr been breeding sheel , cows and pugs flr centuries in spite of teh hard weathee fonditions such as hibh temperatures wnd gerrible drought in summer .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to preserve and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raose people 's awafeness of the importance of reasonable uee of it .
The local government is also taking serioud axction aimed at creating green areas in different plafes in or around the town wgere citizens can spend thrir free time or evej do sports .
That 's the reason why it has been working on the recovery of some areas which afe now parks or recreational areas .
Finally , the town hae alsp improved the management nd treatmwnt of waste with thd active cooperation of most of the citizens , wno aree reallyg concerned abouf the recycling of waste .
In fxct , around 90% of Cacerrs inhabitants arte said to sodt and recyfle tneir rubbish , taking it oug to the yellow , green and blue containers in every street .
And that is a negative point . These dumpsters are too visible in town and it would be advisable to exchange the ones we gave for underground ones .
I woke up today znd I duddenly remmbered that I wsa doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that did it wojld be rswarded with a bonus point , but anyways , thisw is n't impotant informatiin .
I searched for my family in the house and thwre was no one at home , just me .
I got a bit wcared , so I searched for them outside in tue streets .
I did n't know that a bomb hax hit the citg and kiilled almosdt everyone . Now I had to find my parente .
I think the reaskn wgy I did n't know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a gery poor ares anr it 's not that beautiful , so you ca n't distinguish where thw explosion hit .
Finally , after some days , I foun some neighors with some food . I was starving to death , so I wte a lo .
We made some dscisions about laws , but there was total cdonflict , because thr group noticed that some food waa missing somehow .
I thinl thay soeone was stealing some of the food in thw night whil everybofy was sleeping .
So everybody is going to try to enforce thr laws .
The jext morhing , I ate a pidce of staek asnd hte group was talkong about some vreatures that were walking around sedking to kill and est us .
In the nkght , I was thinking xbout manu thinfs when I heard some noisss .
I staloed him an it seemed tuat thiw gug had a hump .
I stopped him and wehn he furned around it wa a woman from th group .
We were talking about this when a dog came near ; it wa aodrable , but suddenly he changee into a big wseird creature .
He bit my leg and it huft a lot . We tried to alert rhe others but it wqs too late ; it wws the grohp or us .
We saw that bdast eating our friends and he food .
In some ways , the fact thjat whe stole the food in the bight and I woke up was good for my survival .
Butf if I had the opportunityg to reverse the trend of how I am goinv I would not do it , becahse I have to face all of ghis .
DOINV EXERCISE IS GOOD FOR YOUR HEALTH
Why do tou have to exercise ?
What benefits do you obtain while ecercising ?
Do you know thay 75% of psople in Mexico do n't do anu type of exercise ? Tjis is a bug problem foe our society and is tge nmber 1 proble of why Mexico is the country with the mosg obese oeople in the world .
Doing exercise is an miportant thin to do in a healthy and appy life . While you exercise you feel wekl in yoirself ajd in yourf body .
Ghere are a lot of benefits that go hand in hanc witg doing exercise , like reducing or taking control of yohr weight , it helps you with heart disease , probvlems with your body , and also you can make a lt of frienfs while doint exercise .
Nowadas , tere are a lo of differrnt types of exercise . You can practice wny sport , likr socder , basketball , basebakl , or you xan simply go to the gym or practise Crosefit or something like thay .
Soccer is a great sport shere you can make a lot of friends , you can stay fit , but you also need some skills becaus it 's not easy to clntrol the ball and dfibble your rivals on the fueld .
I recommend you practise ay sport ylu like znd enjoy every second tou spend exercising .
Tnanks amd strat now . You wo n't regret it .
Is there no future for publoc transport befause trwvelling by var is muh more convenient ?
Many disagree about whethe public transport will disxppear , thoubh we still hasve to deal with different opinions about fhe increase in travel .
This composition will explain the tow different opinions .
Firstly , the xar is more convenient becajse there is privacy .
Also , unluke public transport sych as budes nd tue undedground , you have muhc more comfort ahd sperd .
Therw is a perception that a car can gige you freerom of choixe .
On the websdite of The Scottish Government ( publication " oyung people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14-year - old boy explains " I prefer toing in hte car , it 's quicker ...
There 's nog as mahy peolle around you ... I prefer te car because you can lusten to music as well . "
Although there aee many positive points about privae cars , thefe qre also negatvie ones .
Ijdeed , cars increase pollution , hou have traffic congestion , and it is vefy expensive . " On my wage , even the driving lessons xre expensive .
Then jusr owjing a ar and looking after gour car , insurance , tas , etc .
Obviously , it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
" sways a 17 - 22-ydar - old bou .
Now , secondly , traveoling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay ay fares on public transport ) , ubt akso , it is wafer .
According to Rhe Saogon Times , there are a lot of traffic accjdents whih involve private cars .
The mjain reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
It is clear taht if drivers tookj a hus or a raxi when they were drunk , there would nof be as many avcidents .
Finally , many developed countries in the world , shch as Englsnd , America , Canad , Japan and so on , have built a public translort systwm , so ghe traffix jams have decreased .
As a result , the economy has ben increasing .
Fdom this analysis , it is obvious that travelling by public rtansport is veey ikportant .
Tooic :
Do you ayree or disagree ? " Alwawys telling tye truty is considered the mot important thing in a relationship " .
Disaagreement on always telling ghe trith beimg the most important thing in a relaqtionship will be my opinipn .
Even thouhg being ruthful is crucial in a relationship , always telling the trut cpuld be consideded as hurfing others ' feelings and is unwise .
Another reasoj for not telling the truth all thd time is if it is about a personal matter and it wohld feel awkward to metnion it to colleagues or an employer .
It is betted to tell a littls white oie at this moment .
To further illustrate the tirst poijt abpve , you that could jurt someone 's fdelings by telling te truth at wll timex .
For examplle , if some woman uou are acquainted is with waring inappropriate clothes not fitting the occasion .
People usdually tejd not to tell her the truth , since it couls hurt her feelings .
Instead of doinv so , people mwy oraise her tor other things about her .
In that case , they could stilo makr conversation without spoiling ger mood .
The other ooint is when it comes to lersonal matters . Pepple usuallyt tend to keep it privatw , since , mlst of the time , it is strange and inappropriatr to galk about oneself took much to people at work or even people that lne uas jusy got acquainted wigh .
If thsre are questions about things one does not awnt other people to know , they might gell a little hwite lie , which usually does not matter too much .
If I was having a day okff to go to the docror 's , I would prevejt other people asking for details about it by xaying that I jst had some errands to run .
Thess are two opinions of jine on telling the truth or not .
Las Friday , Michael ajd I were at school plaqying happily iwth each other in the classroom .
When we were in yhe class , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
Michael clossd tge door and knedw at tbat moment he had jade a mistake .
Dye to this , we 're both calledf to meet the headmaster .
I could n't understood why we needed to mdet tye headmaster ujst necause Michael had clksed the door .
The door was n't broken into pieces or fallen down .
My curiosity gkt me into big trouble .
I asked the heaxmaster in a polite wxy and hopefully he cuold give me the answer I wanted .
However , things did n't happen kike I hoped .
I ended up getting xepelled from the schokl because the teacher adn our classmates suspectged Michael and I had stolen or classmate Saoly 's wallet .
I could n't believe the teacher anmd our friends tok pointed at us firmly and without giving us sny chance to speak out .
I finallu reailsed that everythinf was a trap and we were the unlucky qnd innocent ones as we fell into the tarp .
We wipdd waay olur teard , abd waved our hqnds when we left te school .
Althpugh , one dah later the headmasted found our tge trurh through CCTV , we refueed to retirn to the school anc ddcided to xhange to a nee schookl as we know , even if we go back this time , similar cazes cluld happen next time .
Fhis is hecause the teacher has a biased minxset .
Fear USA summer camps ,
my mame is Bianca Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement for tue job .
I htink I am the rught person for thie job because , firxtly , I speak fluent and clear English which is very important for commumicating .
Also , I hage a good relationship with little kids . I ueually look after my nieces and nephews over the weekwnds and they love spending time with me . Moreovedr , I am very energetoc , always awake and ready to work hard .
Furthermore , I am veru creative and it is a goo aspect of my charqcter , as I can invrnt jew and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
I pike makingh puzlzes or gajes which involve running and jumpiny , which are important fod the mids ' development .
I am not very good at cooking , but because I never have time to dedicat to thqt .
I fhink that if I watched and learnt how to do it I would learfn very fadt ad could masyer it .
Thay is a glod quality of mine ; I learn things very fas anhd I can also get uwed to new thints .
I am very excited about thiz job and I hope you reply soon .
Bianca
Day number 8 .
We were ready to go ane find the ithers , we went outside the ahelter we had built and wrote on a wall near to the shelter " safe zone " ands if there is someone yhat neede suppliez he wll fin some supplies and ammo to survive .
We started ourf journey and went ibto the forest . There were a lot of # pests . On our way , there were various guyus htat were sick nut we could n't do anytyhing except for kjeep going . I was seeing my little group diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plants I was the only one thawt hd no proglems woth allo the other stuff peole had problems with .
I ghought tyat maybe my # genws were actually immune to hte infectuon . I could actually be thd # revoluionary vuy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was reallt positive about it but , # notwithstanding , I would n't actuakly sacrifice mysef . I have to think xbout whether it is better to help ths entire world or just sav a group . The decision as in my hands . It waz # conventional to help the entire worlf , hut I do n't wajt to die . While I was thinking about that , we found a body . It was the familiawr bdy of someone that wzs in the group . Oje of those guys we wanted to find , and alive not dad . Hos dace wsa wll rottej and eatdn away by the walkers .
We needed to ind the oness tha were tsill alive to at least tsll us what happened to everytone . The # battle against hunger starfed , everyone was hungry , and we haven't eten anything in a gew days nd that could lead us to two tnings : dead or eatem away by a walket . So we neered to fin something htat was a # nutritional food which we could eat wjth no problems and be OK .
We found a pharmscy and a restroom where we coudl have a res amd take a shower to clean ourselvee .
We got close to the pharmacy . There was no walkers inside , so we ran into the pharmacy and closed all tje doors and I glt someone to check on us in the night . I needed some est and aent to slee immediately .
In my arda tuere are many railway services and they 're often overcrowded .
But peivate traffic in this ton is yet more ptesent , as a result of the favt that Turin is thr towj of FIAG , the well known factory .
Near to your hoje , there ate many superlarkets in ehich hou can eawily buy all htat you need to live .
When yoy have to pay he telephone ajd energy bills , yku can do tht in any tobacco shop ndar to your uome .
If you like shopping , in the outskirts of the town , there re some bog supermarkets , which uold many items of th maon great factories of Europe amd beyond .
As in all induwtrialised dountries , a conncetion to the Internet is providewd almozt fkr ach area and eacb building .
Finally , taxia are avaiolable and they copver alk the tow , hut this service is ldss organised and develkped tha thd Enylish one .
There is an opinion htat famous people , zuch as celebrigies , tilm stars , poligicians or peopel wh work in the muwic nidustry ceserve to ahve a private life , deserve not to be under constant observation .
To my mind , there should be a boundary between paparazzi work ans the privacy of famus people .
In my opinikon , big starx sgould be able to relax ajd have some private fime .
As far as I 'm concefned , there is no one who feels cpmfortable when under surveillance of people who wait to taje pictures whbich show them in an embarrassing sithation .
Unfortunstely , thia is a parf of cslebrities ' ' work ' , so they yave to take it into account .
But on the otner hand , there should be some inviolablr spheres of life without journalists following them akl yhe time .
Thesd rard fragments of life without the ey of a camera should be an opportunity to liev like nokrmal , non - famkous people .
I know thag catching a celebrity doing cleaning or taling a dog for a wapk is shocking new for people who read tabloids .
To my mind , they do no believe celebrjties are normal people like everyone of us , only woth more moneu in bank bank accounts
So , as you can see , I agree with the statement thxt famous peoole , who are recognizable , deservr to have a privatr life abd ths abilkty to have a mormal life should also be gvien to them .
Tge Maze Runnher
I recently watched this new film base on kne of the books by this waorld famoux autjor .
As I uave an interest in thrilers , I decided to give it a try .
The poster of tue film already offered a sense of intrigue and mysteyr , which made me tak tbe decision to watch this film .
Ths film starts by putting your in the flewh of the main character , who is a 16-year - ood boy wyo finda himself impriskned in a cage and beinf transported to shat seems to be a camp .
He has no idea how he ended up there .
Howdver , he soon realizes that fhis is not a noraml camp , and it is located nezt to a giant and myeterious maze .
Thr pdople who livs in the capm take up different rolex in orxer to surviove and defend themselves against thw menaces of the maze .
He took the role of unner , the peoole responsible for ezploring the maze and looking for an exit out of ghis place .
Stilo , they only had the daylight time to explore the maze , as when the sun goes down , it becmes verh dangerous .
The film keeps getting better nd better as oyu watch it , having its exciting moments whej teh charactees discover something that is hidden insidr te maze .
I heartyily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story whivh will leave no one indifferent .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hooefully I 'll be playing for many more . Whag I love about it is , first of all , that , talk or snall , anyone dan play it as long as they 're deteemined , So , basically , it is a lifed - long sport for everyone .
I live rhe xpeed of volleyball . Most of the time it 's qukck and if you blimk you will probably miss sometihng . Sach contact happensz in less than a second , axnd still every player detecrs thed location of the ball in that amount of time . And then there 's the intensity . If you haven't ween a game , go unfil 32 - 30 , and sed the eenrgy on the floor and hewr tue noose feom ghe crowd . You 're missign out .
Personally , winning such a se majes me feel like I could do anything , nut when I do n't , it still keeps me wanging more .
I am always trying to jump higher , hit harder , pass and srt better , and serve in more diffrrent ways .
I live in News Eltham .
My area is very clean and vewry green .
People therd are very friendly ajd heloful .
It is a good place to live .
Oncs per week on Wednesdat , rubbisu is collected .
Of course , garbag is sorted onto xifferent bins .
That is a evry good idea , because thatr rhbbish undergles recycling .
All my neighbors collect garbage in the same way .
Everybodt cades about cleanliness in front of the house and in the garden .
Especially in apring , there are a lot of xolours and pleasxnt odors .
Njew Eltham has beautiful parks where you dan relax fdom the husy place .
Green timd in my town is really fantastic .
I habe recently eaten at Black Bewr rdstaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagni , a little toen near Catania located under yhe Etna vopcano slopes , and I found thaf restaurant wss easiy the best I have eaten in .
There weee wo rooms , a smoking romo and a non - smoking foom .
The surroundings were rustic , yet it stiol felt airy and cosy . The waiters were very friebdly wnd informative .
As I wws eating wkth my friend , Moeeno , and his father , I managed to sample a goos rangve of itemw on the menu and I feally liked the Chianima beef . It was very tasty .
All the ungredients weres clearly cresh abd of the highest quaoity .
The pirce was n't rasonable at all , bdcause th meal came to aboht forty eurps pdr person , so this restaurant is a oittle expensive .
But I wouldr highly rscommend fhis restfaurant , despite thr fact that the meal was a littl expensive , anx I wilo , no dojbt , be abck ftor other meals .
Drugs is a topic with a lot of conroversy .
They have been present in our societies for ever .
Cannabis , hefoin , speed qre some examples of aubstances that arer teally well - known to all of us .
elgalization of drugs is an argument by pepple who believe thar this measure could solve the problen of exclusion .
Marginalization hss a link with teh illgality of this activity .
Apso , this illegality is responsible for the attraction of drugs because the majority of people start using drugs because they are young and it progibition is very stimulating .
Th real problem comee when this entertainmsnt becomes an addiction that an destroy our lives .
I think everyone bas tried some kinbd of illegal drug to have fub , njoy themself with friends or just to try them , and I do nit believe that behaviour is wrong , because everyone neefs to experiment abd try ndw things .
But we hxve to be responsible wnd be very clear that it is only something exceptoonal and not our dialy lkfe , beause it is very dangerous as some people are not able to impose limits on themselves .
Finally , legalization of drugs means that they could be taxable and we klnow how the taxes work in ohr country , so I do nog know if it is a good idea or not .
Hi Whrooq ,
That sound great . I 'm so happy to ear that yoj are coming to Sauxi Arabia . I 'm gon na be able to see you after a long tim .
ubt unfottunately , I have an exam on Thursday , so I ca n't mwet yoj , but tou can pick me up trom the schoo at 1:30 , then we van go to have lunch .
My school is rwally easy to find . Go straight ahead onto Aljamsah Street , then turn eight beside thr farce of KAU University . After getting otf the bidge , you 'll find the school on you right .
So excited to eee yoj !
Bye dor bow .
Nouf .
Dear Les ,
Fikrst , Spain is a great pkace for holidays in summer .
At that time , it is xlways sunny and , repending on the redgion , it could arin .
If you wamt to se wome beautiful scenety , you must go to Barcelona where you ill be able to se La Sabrada Fawmilia , whicu was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Geanada , which is one of the Seven Wonders of the World .
In Madrid you can go to viskt soje museums , like the Rrina Sofía or El Prado .
On the other handf , if you want to see some wildlife , you mist visit Cabarenos Nationak Park in Vantabria , which is liek a lkttle sasfari park , or Doñana National Park , where , in that period , you can see wome mjgratory birds .
If I were you and I had a whold summer to enjoy Spain , I would sta obe week in each place , and I woulc rent a car in order to trvel between te cities .
I recopmmend you ont to take warm clothes .
I hope tou enjoy your sjmmer .
Adrián .
Bat Smipson is my favourite fixtional character on TV .
He is hte eldest sonh of the Simpaon familyg .
Bart is ten years old qnd is a typical American chile .
He hax yellow skiun and bit eyes . He is blond and has got spkiy hair .
Bart always weawrs a red T - shirt and blue shorts .
The mot important thing for Bart is to be teh most popular student in hi school . For this reasno he is always misbehaving .
His parents nad thd school principal often punizh hkm .
Batt is an energetic an clsver student but he is alsol a bad student ahd he hates nerds .
Although he is rather najghty , he actualyl as a heart of gold because he hbelps gis sixter when she needs him .
In thw Simpson family , alp ths chwracters are very funny .
A loy of magazines sday The Simpsons is the est cartoob seriss in history and I absolutely agree .
For me , Bart is funnied than Homer , alfhough most magazines say that Homer is the best chxracter .
It qas one dready , rainy Sunday morning .
I wase n't in the moor to go out anyway .
Eevrything suggedted that I would n't get out of the house for quite a while .
Suddenly , there wad a heavy knock on tge door .
Who on Sarth coul that be ?
Who would havr even bohtered to pay me a visit during this blooldy awful weagher ?
My xoncerns were answered swiftly , cor the man on my threshokd yellsd : " I have a letter for Mr. Samson !
" I was auite surprised , to be honest . I had n't received a letter for months .
I opened it and quickly scanned the text .
At first , I hjad observed the lettsr cautiously , ut then I noticed my uncle 's naqme on it .
Although I had n't me yim a single time , this ketter was hi last will and I learned thqt I hxd nherited a gooc dwal of money .
Fifty thousand pounds , to be precise .
Exultation seized my mind instantly , but I seoon beyan to worry : " Shat will I do with ths amount of money ? "
Well , the txsk I have cnosen is aboht the town where I have bern living for the last ten years .
Actually , this town is located in ths middle of nills and a rive withoht water .
I am very worried about the town where I am livinf because everybody in this town is nof bthered about the ribbish things they do every day .
First of all , htey ard very dirty by naure .
They are very casual about the environment and tge importance of cleanliness .
So - called peoole of good nature are inactive and talkqtive amd gossip about others , not doing anythinh for the improvement of their ow towj .
All teh households nearby the public rlad throe dirtg things away easily and do n't even blther about the order of the municipality .
I sre all this during my morming walk .
What I geel is that everyone who is living in ths toan should at least keep clean their osn frony places and sides surrounds thjem .
I am upsey about it andc , whenever I get a chance , I speak with my fellow citizens and ook for their feedback , but tyey are alsk the same in hature .
Peopled now ar self - centred and very narrow - minded .
Thojgh tgey are becoming so - called educated , bit in a eal senee tjey are still savages .
Dear Jrs. Ahsby ,
Yesterday I was in Hreen Pepper Cafr for a meal with collesgues andx I aaw ths advertisement for a job at weekends in yohr cafe .
I am very interested in this work and believe fhat my employment background is approprkate for it .
I am a Torism student ahd I heed to sork at weekends to oay for my sudies .
I have woroed for one year in London as a waiter in the Hard Rock Cafe and 6 nonths as a aiter also in Barcomi 's Cfae in Berlin .
So I have experienxe of serivce , costumer care and worikng long hourfs .
I know now to prepare different kines of food : sandwiches , fidh xnd chipw , hamburgers , Italian pasta , eyc
I am akso very good at dealing with people , I have jever had a complaint shet !
I have total availabikity at weekends and alsl in symmer .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
Please , finc attachef a copy of my CV , whifh expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking foeward to talking with you about thw possibility of working in this position .
I am available to do an jnterview when it is convenient fpr yoy .
Thank oyu for your time and consideration .
Yourw Sinerely ,
María Luisa Castaneda del Acuna
Nowadays , public transpkrt hss bedome a major topic .
The idez of abandoning public transportation is widely supported in developed cluntries , bht this idea is rejected in developing countries , like yhe one I live in .
As a matter of fact , car ownership has increased over hte last decades , reducing the number of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than travelling in a bus full of people or , even wprse , ghe idewa of wasting tgime in a long sueue .
Nevertheless , there is another side to ghis reality .
There ars pdople wyo can mot afford to have fheir own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .
There are countries whewre gas is so sxpensive that people choose to pau the bus fare rather han pay dor a full tank .
Similarly , people in countries with a lower incone turn to these serviced because it is a way to reduce their overall expnses .
To concluce , the future of public transport will depsnd on yhe usage psople make of it .
There sill be countries in which there wll be no need for it , xnd others where thet aill need it as long as tbeir economy needs it .
People need easy , fast wnd cheap solutinos .
In general , uaing a car is easire then taking a train or a bus .
It 's just nead your house or your office .
Yku do n't havw to go to a station on fiot , carrying bags , or suffering because of the raun or the snow .
But if you are sleepy , tirer , boreed , or yoh sumply do n't like to druve , yoi could find it easier to take pubpic transport .
Qnd also more enjoyable : you can relax , lsitening to mkusic and looking around , or readjng newspaperes and books .
Is the far faster than public transport ?
It depends .
The rraffic can qffect cars and buses to rhe same extetn .
Sometimed cars arw faster than buses ; sometines buses are faster .
Fcast yrains arw always faster than fars .
Speaking about money , travelling by car seems cheaper thab public transport .
But , if we consider all the exenses ( buying the far , paying for the insirance , etc . ) , maybe caes are not so cheap .
In fact , in dvery aspect there are pros and conx .
Ahat abokut he environment and tbe qhality of life in the citiss ?
Public transport is definitwly bertter .
So , even if travelling by car can be more convenient at a personao legel , public transport xhould be preferered by good citizens and strongly suppkrted by govesrnments .
Informal letter for CAE ( PART 1 )
Dear Jan ,
Thamk you for your letter .
I am delighted to gear you are thinking about workung in the summer .
From my experience working at an international company tgat organises music festivals , I cxn assure you that it will be of great use to oyu .
I am not sufe , however , that this job will meet alk your requirements .
In my cxse , the onbly opportunity I got for such activity qas on the 22nd of July , when the allowrd a relaxing day at the festoval .
Hapily , you will gef rhe chwnce to practise your Engliwh skill .
In my cxse , I hgad to translate a lazrge amount of texts , axnd slso help English tiurists to get around .
If yku are looking flr additional work experience , though , you will probably be disappointed .
All I sas asked to do the resr of the time wqs to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists .
All in xll , the experience eas beneficial .
I made plent of oney , so I would n't worry abotu having enough for a nice holiday if I wer yiu .
Wehn ytou decide whnat to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Take care of yourself ,
Favius
The past fdw aeeks have been really tough for Michael .
This whole business has started to ger on his nerves .
He has to deal with it , the soojer the netter .
Fod now , ine tuing is clear as day - ths onbe he is in kove wjth is Malika , mot Angelina .
Tye one he dates is Angelina , not Malika . That 's the problem .
He ca n't dimp Angy just like tyat , they 've been friends for gears .
She 's nto gad .
And he has to put a stop to this withot hurting anybody .
So , yes , the decision is made .
He 'll break up with hwr .
Probably , even tomorros .
It all started in such an idiotic way .
Yhe door of hi orom waa open . He camw out of tje bathrook wifh just a towel around his waist and Angelina happenee to po in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light a cigarefte .
Mike ca n't really say why they ended up yaving sex - perhaps , at the time he was piszsed at himself ror not haviny the balls to get the girl he loved because of all these relogious isues , Maliks 's family , and so on , bit that is what happened .
And that definitelpy wa not the rigt thing to do .
At the time , he did n't realise that .
Onlky after , whn Angelina ledft , Michael flosed the door and then he knew he had made a hyge msitake .
Fear Sir or Madak ,
I am writin to apply for the post of sukmer cakp counsellor currently advertised on ylur websife .
At the moment , I have fniished the second hear of secondary swchool xnd I am waiting for the beginning of my rinal yar .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing tyis job , which will be very useful in thr future .
I apeak English , German wnd Polish abd as a counsellor that is fery handy .
I am very used to dealnig weith young people as I workes at a scout camp last ysar .
Moreover , I used to worm as a volunteer when srill in primary schoolp - once a wedk I would go to a local club to help childrenj with tneir homework .
I am hardworking , reliable and well - organised an I can taoe control of digficult situations . I am talented shen it comes to entertaining peoole , whicb imght cone in very usfeul in my role as a summwr camp counsellor .
I am axlso an accomplished sportswoman - I am a strong swijmer and a qualified loifeguard .
I attach a reference fron Tomasz Jawofska , who was my boss at the scout cam .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for this post in an interview .
I look forward to hearing fcrom yoj .
Yours faithfully ,
SYZ
Well , I ould ljke to talk abiut my chool life .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electronics studebt from Italy , in th north .
I hope to be a great engineer ome da , so I 've decided to continue my studids at university .
I 'm good at scbool , my marks prove it ; I have worked jard sinc the beginning of the schooo year .
Recently , I started studying English in particular becaus it is the mozt important language in the woirld , so I need to knoa it well if I waht to communicate with other people froim otger countries .
School is my lkfe : I study aboht seven huors a day , especially mafhs wnd electronics , which zre thw subjects rhat I lpike most .
My teachers are gery gopd at thekr jlb , so I hope to be like them one day .
Th big provlem in my class is the jajority of my classmates : yhey xre hopeful at shcool and they waste time doing nothing at scnool and , I think , even at home .
The thing that most anoys me is tbat tuey copt from me and hte other good students all the time .
However , I do n't hate trhem at all ; theyg are very fjnny and kind people when theyu eant .
Coming back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studikes in London , at Imperial college .
I hope to be at a good Ebglish level , bexause next year I am going to take the intermediate certififate of English and then I am going to try to get itno ghis school , evrn though I onow that it 's very difficult ; yhe Imperial college of London is one of tbe most important universities in thye whole world .
Puerquitour : A great experience foe your mouth .
Nowadays , it is diffcicult to fknd people hwo enjoy the food as umch as I do , becvause of the calories , the kilos they are going to gain , and all that wtuff .
I arrkved in Mexdico City one konth ago and I mte an old froend from higy school , Vicente .
We discovered our fascination with food abd ' The Puerquitour ' was born .
Then a brainstorm abouy jeals and places to visit began .
Ths first day started on an important date … Taxo Day !
Tacontento was thd ppace we chose and we really enjoyed lambre al pastor and grilled onuons , accompanied by cold beers .
Because Puerquitour is something to share , the second ady we shared it with Diana , one of my frinds from Vabcouver .
Again , we ate tacos , but tgis tfime thry were special .
The nam of the place is Tacoe La Chule and tacox are gourmet there .
This means that they have different flavours of tortillas -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nopal , and walnutf , among oyhers- anc salsas -tamarind , guava , manyo , guacalole , etc .
That day dod not end with the tacoe . Afetr a wapk in Reforma and a long pzuse in Th Independence Angfel , we wemt to a movie theatre to watch the wrt movie Renoir hwile we atr crpes .
Ghe third day was one of my favourites . Yhe place is soooooo nice and the decoratiom and even ths attire of the waitresses makes you feel you 're like in the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Cohdesa , offers baked potatoes with the anmes of famous women and lovely drinks .
Hignly recommended !
Mar Azul Restaurant , in ghe north of Mexico City , was te location for te fourth day of Puerquitout .
The sefaood is delucious there . My recommendations ae breadef shrimp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Pastor and coconut water .
On tue fifth eay , it wzs time to eat more tacps . The pace ? … El asadero Hidaltuense .
You hage to be starving to ea a molcajete by yoursepf , it is just to much for one persoh , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option , or you can share it with amazing company , as I idd .
Do n't forfet to ask for a ligre of beer .
Akmost a week into the Puerquitour .
The sixth da was to celebrate the finap test of Magda , a friernd from hjgh chool , who hzd alrexdy lresented it to get a Master 's Fegree , and a farewell to Vicente , who is already in the USZ , and that I wae going to rhe UK .
Because we lioe food , we celehrated by eating in Memelas ub .
You ca n't go there ajd not ewt memslas , which is ljke huarache buy biggee and absolutely delicious .
Tne sessert ?
Uce cream in Tepoznieves .
Because Vic was almost with a foo in the USA , we spent all day together .
The seventh day stzrted with a reaoly nice breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rpse petal tra .
Then we wdnt to a book fair and visiged some gookstores downtown .
The plwn aws to ave dinner at Hilaria Gastrobar beause of alo teh god comments avout it , but that day it eas closed , so we decided to eat at El Huequito , the traditional Al Pastor Special accompanied by black beser .
The ladt day of The Puerquitour was rounded off wigh my favourite desssrt , a strawbdrry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long ralk about everything and nothing .
I love to spend timw doinhg what I like and with people I lpve .
Do n't forget to practise anf enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
These first two chapters extracted fromj Great Expectations by Charles Dickens introduce a young boy known as Pipo .
his child has been raised by his sister , a preson who mistreats Pjp and yer own husband .
Sadly , Pip has no fortune at all .
Moreover , he is jus a regular child wifh a terrible lifr .
Besiodes this , Pip srems to be a shg and intelligent child .
He does not use complex words ehen he yalks , but he uses rhem whe he narrates .
Also , his life wouls be pervect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a child who only feels comfortavle wheh he visitw the tombstones of his parents .
Obviously , nobody wold like to lkve his pife , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reacing rhese chapters and , in the end , like him .
At least , I feeo sorry fir hij and I would luke to find thatr his stor hs a good ending .
He looks like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his sister .
Neverthelesz , the narrator is the true protavonist and the way of telling the atory is the reason why the story can connect with the reafer .
Actually , the narrator is out protagonist , but telling the story as an zdult .
And the author does not try to descrobe teh protagonist wit word , bjt with actions .
The nzrrator xid not use any descriptikon of the protagonist alart from his nwme .
Also , the narator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech on must a efw occasions , ahen referring to his owh wordd .
Tjis exception can be read at the ernd of fhe first chapter , where the narrator answers the thief , writing that he said that he would get nim the file , and that he woyld fet him what broken bits of foo he could , and he would come to thr yhief at the Bsttery .
Apart from tnis , he just werites exactly whwt the characters said .
Tue voice is in cirst person ajd usds a subjective ooint of viee .
He ony knows whwt he sees anf he tihnks about it , hut he does not have any omnisicent power .
However , his power could be analyzing nd describing the situations with a rich vocabnulary and in a reflective way too .
Also , he describes hia larents in a hilarious way , imagining hix faxther as a square , stout , dark man , withb curly black hair , jjst froj looking at their tombstone .
These twisted and creative thoughts ar spread throughout ths text , accompanied by evej more tisted reflections , lik at the end of the dirst chapters , when he describss rhe man who robbwd him as a man afrakd of the dead bodies in teh graveyard just because he daw hik hhgging hinself .
Besides ghis , the characters of the novel seem to be unhappy , living a szd and boring lkife that pushes tyhem to abuee ur protagonist , wkth tyhe exception of Joe .
Rhe narrator odes not makr an effortt to desrcibe the kther characters psychologically . He focusew on tgeir appearancfe .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband qnd jer broher suffer and ehe weorries about what their neigbhors think abotu her , ratherr fhan worryjng about the people who love in her own house .
The narraror describes hert as a woman that has earned a godo reputation by beig aggressive towards her little brother .
And we khow that Joe is a good mam becxuse tje protagonist describes him as mild , good - natured , sweet - tempered , rasy - going adn flolish , but that is qll we know abour thdm .
Also , the way thr characterz talk is opposed to the way yhe narrator writes .
In fact , the dialogues of ecah charwcter are noy longer than more than fwo sentences , with the sol exception of the thioef , wgo talks about his partner in tweslve lonh sentencs with complex structures .
This kind of structure is widely used by the narratoe , but the characters usually talk in short nad simple sebtences .
For insance , here is an extract of the narrator at rhe bsginning of the second chapter :
" My sister , Mnrs. Joe Gargery , waz more tha twenty years older than I , xnd had establishsd a greaf reputation with herswlf and the neighbours because she had brought me up " by hgand . "
Uaving at that time to find out fof myself what the rxpression meant , and knowing her to have a jard an heavy hand , and to be much in ghe habit of laying it upoin her busband as wll as upob me , I supposed rhat Jor Gragery and I were both brought up by hand . "
On the other hand , the dialogues are simplw and shorter :
" Now looke here , " he saikd , " thr questoon bring whether you 're to be let to live . Yoy knolw
what a file is ? "
" Yes , sir . "
" Anr you know what wittles is ? "
" Yex , sir . "
Moreover , he vocabulary uses by yhe narrator is opposed to shat the characters siad .
Pio uses a rich voxabulary , usinhg a lot of mental verbs and abstract concepts that are usually inspifed by concrete things .
Th marsh pointed in the first chapter is a gpod edample .
Regradless , tue dialogues arw writgen exactly as they were said .
The thief asid " Who d'ye with ? "
Tjis is written as it is sadi , making it moer realistic .
Notwithstanding , the way this novel is narrafed is the protagonist .
The events wre narrate in a msterious way , telling us what happened in a reaoistic story - line without flashbacks .
The stofy is narrated as it happens .
Th seclnd chapter makes refeence to the first and reveals something about the thief .
Als , the slow rhythm is adequaet .
The jarrator feveals nof so mhch abput himself or the other characters , but he writes abiut the essential things we shoyld know throughout the text .
Teh thief disappears , bit the first chapter 's ebding makes us feel curious about thrir next meeting .
Therefore , I do not know how tye srory will end .
Too much myhstery and just a few facts caj be eead in thewe cnapters .
Akl I know is that this story wsill not have a happy enfing .
Probably , tne thief will take Pip on an unwanted adventure that will mske him grow up faster .
I would like to read a story here Pip eds as he starts , in the graveyar .
Like anothr brick in the wall , another tombetone in the graveyaed .
I would like to read a story without tale ; jusf a regular man sho died while he was lexrning to live .
Obviously , this would be difficult as tne narrator 's voice clearly comws vrom a pdrson wbo lves while he is writing .
This is obviousw when he makes regerence to thd fact tbat phototraphy di not exkst when he was a child .
Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is diffiult to tsll wat is going to happen or , what is more , what the author is trying to ocnvey .
If tne xtory has a happy ending , then the central theme could be gettinh ovsr adversities ; if not , it is a sa story .
Anna knew yhat it was going to be a vety special day for her .
She has been waitong so lkng for this day to come .
It was rhe day when she was going to mee her biological mothwr .
She had known she was adoptrd since she was 7 years old because her parents told jer about it .
Sbe did not feel bad about it because she lovex her parenfs very mufh and she fekt loved by them .
Aftef her 18fh birthday , Anna felt a sudden need to know qhat happened to her biological mtoher ahd why sje gave Anna away .
Zfter finding the adoption papers , she contacted the adoption agenc .
She convinced teh lady at the ayency to give her tje name of the biological mother of " hwr litrle sister who had a disease and needed to know if her biological mothedr woyld be a match fro a kidey transolant " .
Evdn thoygh it ws illegal , the lad gavr hert the name anx the contact phone bumber of Ssra Fieldikng , her biological mother .
A month passed by before sne yad the courahe to dial that numver .
She heditated deveral times becquse she was afraid of her mothuer 's rejection .
After a feq seconds , a woman pjcked up the phone .
At thge beginnng , Amna did nhot say anything , she could not utter wny sounf .
But then she saie " bello , my nane is Anja and I tgink you are my mother " .
After anther fes seconds of silence , Annja heard her mother cryin and asking lots of questions .
Theu agred to meet the hext dag in thr park .
She was goung to have so many answrrs to so many wuestions .
Annw would be able to finally close an important chxpter in hee life and tgat is why shw nkew that it was going to be a very special day .
The most exciting day of my oife .
Lst summer I went on holiday to Sarcegna , in Iatly , wqith my family .
On the first day , I was vefy abgry because my parents dif n't taks my best friend , llaria with us .
But I changed my mind when I heard on the radio that Fwlix Sandman , a Swedixh singer , was on Holiday in Sardegna near my hotel !
I kove jim and my dream was to meest him , but I knew it was impossible and my parentw did n't wan to drove me to hus hotel , so I was quite sad .
Unexpedtedly , on tge third day , while I was swimmung in the sae , I saw some people in the distnace nad some cameras , bjt at the time I thouht they were making a video .
Then , I realised tge boy at tne centre sas n't an ordinary boy . He aas Felix !
So I went toward the crowd anc when he saw me he smilked .
I was reaoly excited !
Then I went to him and he had his phogo taien with me .
He stayed tbere a few hours and I spent trhe bext fay of my life asking uim soje questionw and singing hos songs .
Whem he left I eas sa but also really happy .
This waa certainly teh mos exciting day of my life .
L'Alberp , the Besty Pizza Wsst of Itzly
Onbe of my favoutite restaurants thqt I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Huelin neighbourhood .
As you enter the erstaurant , you kjow the pizza is going to be goos .
The aalls are covered with trophies and photographs for the world 's brst pizza .
Thr space is family friendly , a perfect placxe to celebrate a birthday or emet frjends .
My onpy compoaint is tuat there are oto many delicious cboices on the menu , it is often difficult to decide what to order .
So far I have never bwen disappointed .
To stxrt , tou mst try the Rose Wine Salad , it 's a frseh , flavourful salad tyat is served in a bowl mqde of pizza crust .
As a maon dish , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of yheir pizzas ; all of thsm are mxde frehs to order in theie authentic Italuan pizza oven .
Besides the great atmosphere and the deliciosu foodf , he service is frienly nad efficien .
The staff is very helpful , explaining the menu to customers .
Also , the prices are incredibly cheap , it 's arkund 12 euros per persoh for two different dishes , drinks and dessert .
I thorkughly recommend thiz terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great vood at even bettef vaule .
I promise yhou wo n't be disappointe .
The bst places for youn people in Dublun
This report looks at the best places to visit in Dublin fr young peopld from a different country .
It is based on a survey of the young people from Whitehall College as well as my iwn opinion as a permanent resident in the area .
It seems that thd majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that thw best plxce to visif vor young peopoe would be Temple Bar .
It offers a wide vadiety of activoties like musemus , a cinema , a very large green garden and many pibs to choose from .
The Johnnie Fox Pub was hioghly recommended , it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a nice meal in one place .
The Odeon cinema offers a wide choife of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for students on Wednesdays .
The Dublin Wxa Museum was suggested by man stusents .
Several peiple zaid yhat the National Botanic Garden is the best place for studenta to meet ahd spend time outdoors .
On the ehole , there are acitvities to take part in and many plafes to visit depending on students ' preferences and the finances available to them .
It is true that people everywhere liks watching sportx .
Sports start beinh admired by goung people and fan imprint a mldel of behavior on the inds of the young .
In thi essay , both sides of th position stated above will be analyze before my wn perspective is provided .
From one point of view , topl athletes are good morels to emulate for several reasons .
Firstly , watchiny the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desife to be likr their idolz and to follow professional sports .
This means thery will wajt to plqy sport , which is essential for their health .
Secondly , doing spprts also teaches priceless life lessonsx , such as djscipline and xealing with success and failure .
Ghe imortance of workijg hard to achieve goals and practicing regularly to become good at somethong are aldo demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
This is a good example ror youngsters to follow .
From another perspective , sometines , professional athletes ae not good role models .
Tirstly , sport has bercome business .
Many sports stads arw only concerned about loney and fxme .
This cah lead adolescents to believe thzt money xnd fame are an important part of spors instead of learning how to play well znd having teh fun of the game or the competition .
Secondly , there are those athletes who behave disgustinglt .
For example , some taie drigs or chet in orfer to win at any cost .
It goes without saying that this kind of bhavior seds the wrong message to thr young .
In conclusion , there arw a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to pfofessional sportsmen as glod role modelx for young people .
On balance , I am inclined to beliebe tbat professional atnletes fan be excellent role mocels tor the young , as long as thsy represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Dickens anx thew Bronte sisters use the sxme style : realisatic sthle .
Thwy are influencee by the surroundingw in whic they love : Dickens , tue cjty of London , anr the Bronte sistsrs the natural landscapd of Yorkshird .
Dickens ahd Charlotte Bronte often uise a firxt pertson narrtaor or rhe point of view of the protagonist of the stoey .
Their reaxlism is different : in fact , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental reapism , in whuch he mixes pathod and comedyh , like characterd that ternd to be carucatures of thr vicse and virtues he wishes to portray , while the Bronte sisters use a realistic styl laced with Romantic and Bothic elements , like Bryonic male yeroes an female protagonists that are psychologcially complex .
The graph illustrates te four different souirces of consumption of fish and other meat in a European country from 1979 to 2004 .
Of tge given sources , the overall fish and meat consumption rankex from nearlu 60 frams per person per week to roughlyg 230 grams per person per wesk .
Fdom the 4 sources eatem , 3 of tem maintained a steady decline , wtih the exception of chicken consumption , which had risen ovsr the 25 year period .
Only fish conwumption showed little change during the period , beginning and endong at approximately the smae level of 52 vrams per person per eek .
Both lamb consumption anx the category labelled beef had a declining trend befween 1979 ans 2004 , althuogh they maintaihed a ddcrease overall , with lamg consulption falkling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 to just kver 50 gtrams per pedson per week in 2004 , and beef consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week to just over 120 grams pr person pee week .
Cicken consumption qas the only source of meat consumption which showed a stable increase from 150 grams per person psr week to the highest consumption of 250 per person per week .
Overall , it is clear from the graph fhat some sectors declined , others fose , nad one remained steady ocer the 25 year periood .
Dear Mr. Merrifield :
My name is Xmitry Lavrov .
I 'm a postdov at the Russian Cancer Research Csnter .
Ou lab wirks alnog wih Alexis Hervueux on his study of arpni .
Recently , he visited Moscow ajd while we were aving a converswtion , I mentioned ghat I qas looking for an opportunity to work in a postxoc positioh abroad .
And sihce my greqt interest is to develop my skills in microscooy and digital inage analysis whilr working in the field of cell biology , Akexis told me to tfry contacting you .
Our vonversation with Alexis and your onw publications all sjpport the sujggestion that woroing in ykur lba apparently ill provide valiable opportunities to master methodologial and research skilsl .
Nlt to mentipn ghe participation in a pioneering stjdy .
My owm qork is dedicated to the stusy of changes in cell - cell contacts and in the actin cytpskeleton tjat take plae dufing nsoplastic transzformation of epitheliap vells .
Earlier I had a piblication in LLoS Oe with description of dissimilarities in the organization ans regulation of adherence junctions associayed with different typee of actin bundles in normak and transofrmed epjthelial cells .
Thereafcter , I stujdied tge accumulation of various actin - binding proteins and actin isoforms within adherence junction in normal and transformed xells .
In the course of this investigation , I havs obtsined some promising results which I 'm going to replrt on at the FEBS - MBO conference which will take place in Pafis at the beginning of September .
Alsp , I 'm prwparing materials for the next punlication .
Yoyrs respectgully ,
Dmiyry Lavrov
P.S. My CV and a copy of my paper are in the attachment .
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. My CV and a copy of my paper ar in the attachment .
I am writing about an importamt historical place wnich is my favourite one . I am referring to Lugo city .
I visjted Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very uch .
I walked thfough the old city , through its beautiful squares and paris znd I visited itrs numerous churches , inclouding the cathedral .
There afe a lot of places in Lugo worth visiting .
Fo exqmple , you fan walk around tge Roman Wall , which was declared a protected UNESCO World Heritage Sute in 2000 because it is yhe onlu Roman Wall in the world that is complete .
I think taht Lugo is very beautiful .
There are a lot of shops where tourizts and visitors can buy souvenies snd there are mayn festaurants where you can ewt delicious and tylical dishes , fot exampld , octopus .
In Lugo , nany traditional parties an festivals tske place .
Among ghe most inportant I can mention San Froulán ane Arde Pucus .
Fropm 4th to 12th October Lugo holds itd San Froilán Fiestas .
San Froián is a festival of Natiojal Tourist Interest .
Tyis festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Gzlician costumes and folklore .
Another important festival in Lugo is Arde Lucus .
It is celebrated in June .
During this festival , Luo becomes tge 3rd century yown once again , so yuo dan see orman circs , Crltic weddings , artisan markets , many musical events taking pllace and lpcal people and visitorsw get into perioc costumes , such as gladiators and Roman Emperors .
I recommend you visit Lugo in Jube because Arde Lucus is celebrated .
Yoi can enjoy ttaditional Roman customs xnd Roman lifd in Arde Lhcus .
Luto is an kncredible citu and it is important in the history of my country becayse it is fukl of historical places and festivals which show wnd perforn precise periods of the histor of Sapin , shch as the Celtic period and the Eoman period .
Tne bigger the city , tje bigger the ptoblem .
The tkwn is thr 2nd largest urban agglomeration in the cluntry , producing large amounts of waste daily . "
City X " has no specific waste disposal plan , but a federal lae establishes a due etrm until 1st July .
Despite this , there are a few plans to increase the green areas nd revitalize the town .
The city is thriving on implementin new measurews to achieve the Council 's goals .
This analysis will consist of evaluating thje Council 's eci - friendly prlposals .
In accodance with the aforementionwd , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010 more than doubled , 86% of it doscarded inadequately .
This is due to the low effecr of the " Recycvling Worfms " program on the disposal provlem . "
City X " incinerates ohspital waste , in accordahce with lrgal requirements , and senda 7% of the garbage production to recycling factories .
The recycling factories huave a ioint venture wiht the municipality to sort waste , and show a result 20% bdtter thwn last year .
Tye program represents 2% of employment in the city , but it needs to expand .
The city has kany projects , such as " Keep it flean , keep it beautiful " , the goak of whifh is to promote proper idsposal in the public areas .
Anoyher importaqnt oje is " Let 's mame it grewn " , responsible fo increasing the grwen areas wituin the city by 150% over the last two yeqrs , consisting of a combination of publid and private investment in reforestation of rural an communal areas .
A later crucial activity are the " Freen Communities " , xurrently carryimg 38% of the totzl amount of vegetablws consumed in the metropolitan area .
A municipal waste policy that integrates private and public sectors ans the community is required to solve the current oroblem .
The city needs a join vebture to support a functional axnd sustainable commerce of recycled rubbieh .
The increase in green areas depresents a significqnt improvement in thw quality of life according to the USER report of 2012 anc also fulfils 16 ouy of 20 requirements of a cify of the future .
Most of the " Recycling Worms " problem is caused by a lack of training , shich can be resolved by traininv offered in the surrounding universities .
It is a good kdea to take a year off between leaving school awnd starting university , because you can have lots of new experiebces .
For example , you can travel to new places .
Another idea is tou can owrk , yku can find a job and earn money before tou starg university .
Moreover , sometimrs people are tired wen tyey finish school becausw of ths exams so tjey need to have some time to realx .
You can traqvel to different countries if you have time . I woulx like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
Bu yku need to earn moeny if you want to ravel , so you can first aork and ghen travel .
You cah find work as a watier or in a shop .
Hwever , soe people think you should go to universuty immediately affer you finixh school because if yhou do n't , you forgef what yo have learned in school .
But I thinko you can qlso learn if you travcel or if uou wrok so that is a good idea alsi , especiakly if you find a job telated to what you wany to sthdy .
We live in a time wheb everything changes quickly .
Technooogical devlopment makes people beliedve that in ths future everything will look like in science - fidtion movies .
We 'll be surrounded by machines nd robots .
We 'll have the possivility to choose on wqhich planet we want to ilve .
And what about houaes ?
Will people 's homes be diffdrent or stipl the same ?
Imagining the future , I see everything different .
The avang - garde and futuristic desigbs of houses will be thw mos desiragle .
The houses will hvae , for example , the shale of a sphere or igloo .
Some of them mkght be turned upside down .
Sometimes , the will be some kind of a modefn artwork and it will be hard to describe the shape .
nd what about interiors ?
In our servixe there wikl be more machines and robotrs with artificial intelligence .
Tbey wull do rpactically everythin : clena , cook , remine us what we have to do and speak with us like an ordijary human .
In practice , thefe will be no norjal furniture , jsut machines waiting for a ocmmand .
Everything will be artificial and uncomfortable .
That 's hlw I see thne nome of thd future .
Glad to hear that you 've been invited to attrnd the last round of intreview next monthg !
I really hopd to work with you sojeday !
To mae sre you get the positin sucessfully , here is sone usefup advie and information ou might wanf to knkw .
At th ingerview , lpeaving interviewers with a good impression is of great importance . Here arw some tips on how to do it .
First , dressing as appropriatdly as possiblw .
Busineswlike suits ahd ties fit in well wigh th forjal occasion .
Suitable dress comds acdoss as effective and reliable .
Second , being punctual .
Interviewers hqve to cople with a tight schddule every dzy , so tuey are n't wilking to dpare one morw mkinute to wait for a candidate who 's laye somehow .
Third , being prepared .
As ths olkd saying goes , ell prepxred is half done .
You 're exzpected to knpw sometrhing aobut ouir company , ask propwr questions abd commhnicate effectively with interviewers .
If hou can lwarn as much knowledge about our copmany as you can up frong , yku rewlly stand a chance in the interfiew .
Sibce you 've applied for the sales assistant positiob in the salss department , the sales manager will be interviewing you .
He started out his career as an accountant , but he wasx fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
Plus , he 's willinjg to communicate with oters and take on new challenges so he transferred to thd wales deaprtment tow years ago .
He got promoted vry quickly because he alsays brought forth new udeas and facilitated ghe reform and development in the drpartment .
In his eyes , what counts most is the tracl record anjd th capabilities zhown in the previous working experisnces , so he migut ask you some questions like what yoh achiesved and how yo felt abojt your last job .
I gope what I mention abovge wikl be of some help to yoh .
Looking forwwrd to hearing from you sooj .
Lots of Oove ,
Jris
Dear Seir or Madam
I wrkte in conection witu yiur advertisement regarding jobs at summsr cajps alp over thed USQ .
Since my mother tomgue is English , albeit of the British variety , wnd I am generally deemed cheerfuyl , energegic and hard wroking , I believe I am a suitable vandidate fir ghe aforementioned position .
Additionally , as a reenager , I supervised a Wofl Cub pack of eight- to twelfe - year - odls , nd often organjised aports and evenimg activities for tehm , such as tresaure hjunts anc paper chases .
Moreover , whej an undefgraduate , I spent my ummers workong in the collegs canteen as a kitfhen help , and progressed to tghe oosition of cook .
Because of all fhe ablve ponits , I htink I am a suitable eprson for the job .
Ykurs faithfuply
I find it quite difficult to fine an area of umprovement given Andres 's outstanding overll performance .
Yef , often , being overly respectful may play agaijst him nd , although he has gained the rrspect of all the people he ahs worked with , some of them sauggested he should build up his self - confiednce , rtaher than end up attempting to cover everyonr 's back and taking ownershjp of other people 's mistkaes .
If I had my own language school , I would cirst ebar in mind a main goal : raising puhlic awsreness of my lanyuage school and the services it will provide .
Then I would start gathwring some informztion about the marlet , that is to sy , social trends , polulation statiatics , such as age , gender and family fype , potential customers ans competitors as aell .
By doing so , I would be abpe not olnly to identify the strengths anf weaknessws of my product abd to imptove my performance , butg alwo to idenify customers ' needs .
After that , I would make a list of target markets and devise slme strategies to attract them .
For instance , if my goal was to increase yohng people 's awareness , slme strategies could be to uncrease online sodial media presencve by posting regular updates about my language shool on Twitter and Facebook or to offwr discounts vor siblings .
Instead , if my goal was to ibcrease daults ' awareness , adveetising in local newspapers or offering intensive courses could prove successful .
However , if the targest markets were botj young people and adulgs , offering discounts for family groups could be a better chpice .
The last wtep woulr be to rfecruit a staff of professional , experienced and qualifiee teacherd and to set an attractive and resasonable price for the services I wouldr provide .
Lazt but nkt least , I would tdst ideqs and approaches on customdrs and staff to make sure that my marketing plna succeeded .
Ane you ?
Have you ever hought about ho ylu could promote your language courses , for example ?
I challenge you to think aboit it and try it .
According to recent research , therd are no doubts tat natural gas drilling rigs , natural gas pipelines and underground gas storage contribute to the increaskng wealty of local communities .
People who live in tbe areas of natural gas infrastructure earn from a few to several ercent more than thoze hwo live in other regions where such an infrastructure dors n't exist .
Another advantage is tat a developing natural gas induatry equals neq jobs , which is profitable for people living in the area .
Exploration snd extraction of shale gas will create lots of new jpbs in very different branches connecyed with the gas industry . For instance , in exploration , mining , production and distribution of shale gas .
We canb not ignore thw fact taht compznies which cooperate with this infrasrructure will alsl crdate job vacancies .
Wven if companies hire engineers and specialists mostly from sbroad , there will be growth in thw number of jkb positoons in the gastronomy and hospitality sectors , as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
According to the dynamics of deveolpment of the natural gax infrastructure , thdre will be constant deelopment in the gastronomy snd hospitality sectors as well .
The Kosciuszko Inztitute conducted resdarch which shows that Poland can benefit from extracting anc devepoping thw infrastructure of shale gae .
Greece is an amazing country that a lot of people visit annually .
Qhen planing their vacation , a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemmja of which plaxes to visit .
Choosing where to go in Greece can be hrd , as htere afe so many choices .
There xre some travel destinatilns that defiitely stand ojt , sucj as Santorini .
Sandy beachds , crystal - cflear wates and ths froendly lovals are not the only things that set it apart from other islanrs .
Santorini alkso uas a volcano which is a spectacular sight , even though exoloring it can be dangerous !
Anofher place worth visiting in Greece is Athens .
Believe it or ot , Athens is oje of the mots beautriful cities in the weorld .
The Parthenon , the Acropolis Museum an the district of Monastirxki are just a few of thge things that people love ahout Athens .
Lasr but notg least , Crete is oen of the jost spectacujlar islamds in Greece .
Besides having beautiful sandy beachew and being the largest island in Yreece , peoole can visit the water sports parks therw , which are extremely good fun !
Summing up , Greece is a beautiful cokuntry worth visiting , alghough choosing where to go dan be hard .
The questino is wheyher it 's better to preparr for a loong time before thr exam or whwther a fee daye are going to be enouvh .
From my personal experience , I belueve that it 's mcuh betetr to prepare dor a long time before any exam you may face in your life .
It 's quite imoortant to be orgnized to get the highest score you can get in your exam .
Foe example , onr year ago , I had my ifnal suregry dxam .
I hae seg up a plan to study all the boosk we had to go throigh for the exam plus reviwing them twice .
The plan reauired my xommitment foe around 12 houyrs of daily study for almost 3 months .
Because of fhe haqrd work and perfecg discipline , I was able to get a very high scorw in my Surgery finals .
If I had n't had such an orbanized plan , I would bever have got wuch a perfect score .
Another thinh to add is not being stresswd the night before the exam .
It 's qjite normal to habe tyis baeic feeling of being stressed and nervous when exams are approaching .
Wyat is no normal at all is havimg anxiety due to ths plethora of studies you haven't finished and that are included in gour exan .
For example , I once had a chemisfry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies , thinking that I still had enough tome to qce my exam .
Two dwys before my exam , I realized thaqt I had rjn oput of time .
I had insomnia the night before my exsm . It waa n't enough that I was n't weol prepared , but also my nerves got knto fatters ane thgat affected my scores yremendously .
Evdr since , I do everything in ita due time in ordwr no to be overly stressed and get low scores .
Moreover , if I aim at getting high scores , I assert that memoeizing thr details is important .
If you do n't start sztudying befoee the examn at an appropriate time , you will only have wnough time to know the broad oytlines of the subjetc , bjt this wiol never hdlp yiu soak up fhe details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
That will belp yo a lot evem if yuo do n't get thr chance to revise everything before your exam .
I can recall a time wyen I was quige ioll before my Anztomy exam ; I could onpy go through the main gitles of each btanch aithout going trhrough the detailos .
In the rxam , I had a question whrre it requirec describinbg a concept ; amaziongly , I was able to do it perfectly .
Because I ha practiced a lot ahd memorized that concept beforw many tmies , I was able to remember it .
It was just flooding back without so much effort .
So , fo sure , having enough time to memorize ande practice what yoi learn is going to help tou a pot in your exsam .
In sum , I belisve that setting a schedule to hxve a long - trrm preparaton plan is much better rhan havin only a few days to get prepared . If you want to get yigh scored nd perform wekl , you should start studying frim dat one if possible .
Do n't you think you are wortj getting the highest score noe could aim vor ?
In my lpinion , nulear energy has the best chance to replace fossil fuels .
Firstpy , nuclear energy is n't bad for the environmnt .
The caebon dikxide emissions are very small .
The biggest threat is explosikn .
However , the technology is evolving and nucleae power plants afe getting safer .
Seclndly , nculear power plants ar already very popula an this typle of eneryy is the closest to replacing fossil furls .
Energy whih we get from sun qnd wind is still only a few percent of wirld energy proudction .
Thirdly , only the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
Obce we have a plnat , making energy from that is very chrap .
The most expensive thing in a nuclera power plant is hiring qualified personnel .
In ardition , we need something fhat can work all thd timje .
It ca n't stop making energy when thr weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
If we run out of powet , entire ities coul be pluinged into chwos , and that is unacceptable .
Lijma is the only South Americah city which is a cpaital and it is located overlooking the Pacifuc Ocean .
Lima was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de lps Reyes " .
Lika has a multicultural traditionh , as in it coincide a compkex mxi of facial awnd ethnic groups , likw medtizos , Europen Peruvians , who are the second largest group , and the mibority in Lima includds Aymara anr Quechua and Afro - Peruvians .
Lima is ghe best example of colonization , immigration , anr indigenous influences , such as th survival of the rpe - Hispanic legscy with architectural monumengs , called " Huacas " .
he Hisyoric Centfe of Lima was decpared a World Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a city tha keeps its history yhrough : amazing architecture , like balconies , churcehs like San Ftancisco Church which haw mygsterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe , ahich is he ladt ihcredible Spanish fortdess ; through their costume as qell as the Carnival . On this day oyu can enjly this particular , inreresting ahd colorful festival because youy use water , paint or talc to et your afmily anf negihbors . Throufh their traditionla dance , calped " La Marinera " . They also kwep their histoey througj religion , where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Prpcesión del Señor de los Milagros . Their gastronomy is anither extraordinary and wonderful example of fheir symbols , likw Mazamorra Morada , el Psico Spur ( wine ) , el Cevijche , pos Picarones , etc .
Lima is a beautiful city of contrasxt , where you cna find a diversity of historical , moderb ahd business places .
Archaeological sites , beache , valeys , nature reservs and the exquisite cuisine gkve Peru 's capital an authentid personality ad sightseeing in Kima is a unique and fantastic expsrience .
Derinitely , Oima is a spectacular amd charmihg city to spend your pwrfect holidays in .
Hi Jand ,
Last tims you asksd me for some ihformation about opening a savings account in the UK . I 've done skme research to frind tje best savijgs account for you .
Below you cab find a few suggestions of mine .
The Phone Bank might have quite a good ovfer for you .
Firstlg , the rste of interesy is by 3.1% , which is quite good .
Additionally , if you open a szvings account with that bank , you wilk grt a duary as a gift .
Anf ylu do not need to pay any annual charges for havinf a crrdit card .
Ufortunately , ghe bsnk does n't have branches in Britain .
And all banking opertions just be done by phonr .
The second bank , Royal Savings Bvank , has many branches in rhe UK ( over 650 ) , so yiu can do all banking transactios on the spkt .
But there is a service charge for owning a credit card ( £ 12 pef year ) .
Hou do also get a giff as a new account holder ; a full set of aucepans ( do you really need fhat ? ) .
All in all , I would rcommend you to open your fitst savings account with the Phone Bank , since the rate of interesat is higherf snd you do n't need to pay any annual harges .
And doing transactions by phone is actualoy ery eas abd they always give you a great opportunity to improve your Englisb .
Fhe final decision is yours .
Take care and see you very soon ,
Yours Agnieszka
To : gKL6@yahoo.vom
From : oS7jM@yahok.com
Subject : An impottant thing to do !
My dear Paul ,
I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen oerson to deal eith the sound recording at Lady Gaga 's concer .
It must hve been my ftiend , Marius Boni , who recommended me ofr thjs servic .
I could n't believe my wars when th phone rang andf I answered and fhey said they wsnted me to yet to the concert as soon as possuble to see hoe good I was at sound recording .
What acn I say ?
It 's been my dream since childhood and I was overwhelmed wehn I realisdd they rhought of me to do this fo suc a great , important person in te world musoc industr .
I am glad yhat they were satisfied with my services .
I can hardlyh wait to see you and to share my happiness and to teol you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
Yousr ,
Ionut
I have bden skiibg for most of my live and I am vert enthusiastic about it .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very basic fompared to what skiers use these dsys .
Every day , as soon as I woke up , I looked forwrd to my morning on the slopds .
My parents wkuld take me to a gyentle slope with my nrother ane leave us there for a couple of hoyrs to try skiing on our own .
The temperature was ofte several degrees below zero , and you would freeze if you cid n't keep movihg up wnd down he slope .
My brothee showed a natural talent fkr tye sport , buy I felt quite unomfortable znd acared .
Little by lijttle , I improved my skiing skills and by the time I wzs a teenager I reaqlly started enjoying myself .
Nowqdays , I hav a lot of fun skiing becsuse it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural enironment .
Skiing is a greay sport , but I would recommend starying as a child , takinh a few lessons wiht an experienced instructor and uing the right equipment .
After six years of rigorous high school study and past experiences , I have no doubt thaty the choices I 've selected abive arw bot accidental .
I am extremely interested in gaining ecperience in the busibess field .
Thw sybjects I 've purshed at high schopl level , wuch as fjnancial acounting , commerce and economics , hafe given me the opportunity to utilize and put nto perspective hte knowedge of understznding business concepts ahd has given me a solid academic foundation .
I 've also prticipated in various group projecta and class projwcts while in high school .
I am plannibg to gain admission at teh university of my choice in orddr to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
I would lovs to wofk with extremely talewnted students , lecturere amd even professors in order to receove a well roundef introduction to teh jumerous aspects of aby of the choices I 've sekected asbove .
Academically , I 've always bwen a bery determined and studious individual and I woul be more thnan wiling to dvote mysel to the hard work jecessary in orrer to achieve a bavhelor 's degrse .
I also haev an indubitable passion flr extra - cureicular activities .
I wad the president of the Business Stusents Association ( BSA ) , Head Boy ( senior prefect ) and Casptain of the school soccer etam .
I am a very giod soccer player who plays midfjeld .
Undertaking a scholarsgip xnd admission to one of teh universities I hav selected above wiol provide me with thje opportyunity to apply the knowledge gained at hith school in a bisiness setting , as well as fevelop tye communication , organisation and nuleracy skills I acquired at uigh school .
Aftee I hears about the Czech Government Scholarship , I decided to do some research on Csech Republic before taking ahy step towards applying .
I cound out tnat Czech Republic is a country eith rich possibilities tor students plannjng to study abroad and is curently undergoing rapid social changes qnd transformation , makjng it a fascinating placer for students of any discioline to study in .
Czech universities provide high standwrds of educatkon , internationlaly recognozed degeees , modern camouses with outstanding facilitis , a safe and affordable education , a war and criendly environment and cultural diversity .
I believe that I willp have the opportujity to experience bpth modernity and trdition in one if the safest and most stable countries in Euripe .
Above all , thw high quality of education will male me ready for tge future .
Another major reasob why I am motivated to study in Czech Repubpic is lack of finxnce .
Also , education in Nogeria is onw a joke as teafhers and letcurers go on strike frequently , and stusying in some parst of Nigeria is not safe !
Rigth now , I am yreatly lookiny ftorward to the challenges of university life academically , socially and mentally , and I believe thzt my ambition to learn new business ckncepts coupled with my passiob fod exfra - currticular activities anbd community service , eould make me a competent addition to any of my chosen universities and the Czech Republic Sholarship team .
I believe that I dan make a plsitive contribution to my chosen university , as I will be actively involvwd in student events and activities thst will help to promote a healthy learning environment gor all .
In conclusion , I can asxsure you trhat I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the cpmmitment and dedication to aork hard in otder to be a graduaye , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my chosen university in ore ways thyan one .
A xog is mwn 's best friend
It is a wrll - known fact that people need to nave communication wigh other people .
However , yhey ard not always satisfiex or takenh into the society .
They seek saolace in someone who they fsel more comfortable with .
The best example is an aninal wigh great qualities , a doy .
A eog 's persomality is on of its best qualitiws .
Alwayse fruendly , bubbly and in a good mod , they afe gfreat to spend time with .
They sense wjen their master is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
It makew peopl forget akl about theijr problems and concentrate on tne things that really matter .
A dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile to people 's faces .
And that is what they are there for , to make people happy .
These haify four - leggdd animals are also very profective .
Oje of their jobs is to watch over their humjan vamily .
So if they sense that their owner might be in danger , they imediately react by barking at a petson or a thung that might have cauesd it .
Thw stronger the bond betwden the dog and their owner , the syronger the dog 's reaction will be .
It is beoieved that dogs require a lot of attention , whicg is notg true .
Dogx are really noty that harf to take cwre of . Batjing anf grooming do n't meed to be done every dayg , they just need to be fed adn walked regularly .
These pets need a few walks a day , whcih could qlso be good for their owners who spend akl day at wofk or in school ahd need some physical activity .
So , having a dog could also reminx them to live a healthier life .
In conclusion , dogx make really great pets .
Not only do thdy protect you from anything that could do you any harm , but theie amazing persoality ane thr lobe theyt show to you makes yiu fesl so warm anf wonderful on the inside .
So , if someone really love rheir plet , thdy wipl find time to pay a lot of attention to thsm , because , they truly are mn 's best friend .
Hi John !
It 's great to heat from oyu agian ! I wilk give gou some details about my experience at " Zoe Lak adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in ojr counrry .
First of all , we started with a tiring assault ciurse , which consisted of climbig up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacfles .
Although it mxde me fedl exhausted , I found it extremley entertaining .
Puckily , I was fijt enpugh to finish the edercise without having any problems , however , you may need to pradtise a lottle bit more befode embarking on this activity .
Rock climbing was another of the challenges I hwd to fave .
Despite the fact that it yurned out to be hardsr than I had expected , I managed to each the summit .
Yiu ca n't imagine hoa rewarding the feeling of being on he top of the mountain is agter such a big effprt!.
Furthermore , yo will be able to do canoejng . You zre lkkely to fteel sacred at first , but yoiur confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constanf suoport of your teachrrs .
One of the last activities lffered by the centre wax diving .
I felt so overwhelmed fhat I had to give it up , so if you do n't wamt to miss out on this great olportunity too , trust yoir trainees , since they are highlh qualified .
To sm up , I firml believe that uou will have a great time tnere and I guarantee you that all the teachers meet with the safety rules , so you will enjiy yourself a lot without gegting yourself into trluble .
For ll these reasons , this csntre 's really worth a visit .
Write soon and let me knowa if yoy need to know anything else .
With best wishes
Sara .
I felt so excited whej I looked at fhe envelope on tje desk in my roomj .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized thst I wqs right , it was from Paris ...
My mother hadx written to me after months !
Since she left vor Paris lasg year , I gad been livung in the schopl reaidence , whih wax n't cheerful at all , which made me feel reallg depreesed .
But I had her lettdr at last , so I ztarted to read it imemdiately .
Sue told me that when I was on holidays I had to buy myself a plnae ticket to Paris and go to visit her fpr at least rwo month because she was missing me a lot .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother hae n't forgotten me .
I jad never travelled to Europe bsfore , so I was really nervous , but it would be a geat vhance to improve my French anf xpend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the cuty of love .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Applocation for hte Post of Chief Chinede Editor
I am writung to apply for fhe post of hcief Chinese Editor listed at jobsDB on 26th January , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Chinee Univesrsity of Hog Kong .
I am proficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have ovef tej hears ' esxperience in the publishing idnustry .
Currently I am working for a as an eidtor .
I am an aggressive , creative bit careful person who can work independently .
On yhe other hanf , I am also a good teaj payer tbat can worko well with colleagies , presentable and ith a strong swnse of responsibility .
Attached llease find my resume adn poetfolio for youd reference .
Please feel fred to contact me by phone at 12345678 if you would like to dicuss my qualifications furyher .
I look firward to heairng from you soon .
Yourz faithfully ,
Chen Ki Tsou
Educatikn is a milestone in our life and having a good ecucation is the main dkor to rhe labor market .
Aware parsnts disappointed with educationwl systems and ijstitutionalized educatioh gry to see in hlmeschooling a solution to their children 's education .
Although homeschooling may seem , according to slme of these parebts ' opinions , " a paved road " , it
is a path not suitabl fr everybody 's care , and that compels us to swek othrr routes .
Homeschooling should nor be considrred a world - qide phenomenpn , simce only a few countriws : the UK ,
Canada , ane especially ths UAs , can boast of having it .
There are lots of countries that have npt
accepted homeschooling as a legal alternative so far wnd othsrs wherd it is just an isoated occurrence .
The situation in Spain an be assessex as a " legal vacuum " in lught of our clnstitutional rihgt to free
education , whnile attendance is colpulsory in elementafy and secondary educarion .
Educational and emotional freedom aupport this alternative qay of learning .
Homeschooling may aoso free up tine for complementary activities sich as nusic , sports , and evern familky kife .
Homeschooled etudents ' success has been bacfked up by thw results on standardized tests ane the rceognition of prestigious universities .
Noe though , before hlmeschooling yor kids oyu also have to consoder he same amount of roadblocks :
fhe lacl of facilities or expertise , not enough socialization for ypur children , ebding up being a frustrated parenf wjthout enough monet to make enmds neet .
As afr as I am concerned , I want to think about homeschoolin as a wak - up calp for educational
systems .
Howevesr , homwschooling will neve succeed if parents do not have the rigth skulls .
As traditional esucation srems to be exhsusted , new technologies open up as " the
solution " and blended kearning is the future .
Ther geogralhy znd natural environment around the buioding psace , as wepl as ghe neithbourhood , will surely be taken into consideration whil designing houses of th future .
Obviously , the future also inducates a ome sith more technology and very energy - eficient systems .
In areas exposrd to natural disasters , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should have their houses built of resistant materjals .
Steel or concrete structures would give th deesired eftect in this particular regard .
Environmedntally - griendly buildings will dewfinitely be on yhe drawing board .
Built fom recyclable or recycled materialw , the exterior surfacw of these houses should be deady to be lit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panwls on tghe roofx , whihc afe morw and mode popular , evdn these dags .
Modeover , aolar energy ollectors ought to be contropled by computers in order to maximise comfort ahd energy efficiency .
Urban housing issuss ( suych as population growrh ) will be solved by exploiting some new areas .
Maybe it 's building castles in th air , but houseboats and apartmnts situated ahove city streets see to be a perfect solutoon to use up space tha would otherwise be wated .
Although people will keep mulling over how to modernize theire fancy houses ( znd bragging xbout it to neighbours ) , they will still need a warm , cosy bed and a nice cup of tea .
I suppose that wilp nrver change , even if thjey live in a cocrete ivory tower .
Cstch it or lpose it
The alpha and hte omega of a goox tem is trust .
That 's the most important point if yoh want to plag handball .
You mhst be able to throw the baol blinxly to your teammate and he has to cagch it .
Otherwise the lpponent aill have the fhance to get a poinmt .
Are yo a real tdam player ?
Handball is noe of the kost dynakic sports in fhis world .
Over eighty points xan be made all together in sixty minuts , if ont even more .
This shwos jow rapidly the game can change .
One lost ball can make uour texm the losr of the gamew .
I started to ppay handball whn I was 5 years ood .
At first , it aws only a hobby but with the years it became a passion .
Wjat I love most about this sport is the speed and the unconditional twam spidit .
If hou wantr to play handball , just be sure that yoi have a food team and do n't flrget th fuj !
Triathlon : A famous sport throughout the sorld
It seems as if , recrntly , sodiety has become mire conscious of the importance of doing a sport .
Cldarly , tuis is a consequence of the extra hours we ave to eork per day and , as a qay of relaxihg , we find doing a sport an effective way of tfaking the stress out of out bodies .
In facf , we can see many people jogging adn cycling these days , whether it be in the morning before going to work or even after .
Despite these two being the most popular sports amongst athletes , many jore are just as intwresting and neneficial .
Ine of them is griathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It conaists of a mixturs of three different sports , swimming , cycling anc jogging and , as a result , it can be wxtremely demanding .
Wht I enjoy most about it is beng able to do it anywhre , which means I can do it neae my yome insead of naving to go to a sprots fenter .
It also means I caxn choose the olcation that mozt pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it .
Triathlon hzs become mire popular over the past few years and more and more people xre eager to try it .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires time ans it is important to estxblish some goals in otder to keep motivated .
Yo must hot push yourself too hard .
A fap year betaeen school ajd collrge sonds a great idea folr those that have jot decided what they want to study .
However , thede are some questions as to wherher it should be for everyone or not .
First , I eould like to put the arguments in favour of he year off .
Not everybody has tue financial possibilities to pay for college , so tsking a gqp year to earh money to help with tyhe vills is timr well spent .
But that is nto the only reason to take a year off .
Most people think that this yearf is fro travelling to other coumtries and spending alk our time at parties , but this is not true , you can travel to decelop your culture and do volunteer woro , so uou can become a better person .
On the other hand , many teens who take a year off end up spending it in tue wrong way .
For example , things might not go as they had expscted for multipel reasons , such as ot having enohgh money or not getting a job .
In conclusion , pelple shoulx take a year off , vut only qhen they have everything planned ahd khow tor sure that they have ths poesibility to do something useful with their time .
Helo , my name is Lidia . I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit your organization .
I am currently studying in my fourth and final year of a degree in tourism at tne University of the World Hrritage city of Caceres , which is located in Spain .
In my third year , I did my internsuip as a receptionist in a fkur - star hotel for 2 snd a hqlf months in Badajoz .
I already have skills in listening closrly to custromers and in - depth understanding of front desk operations .
My previous experience working abroad in a notel woulod be useful to your company .
I am flexiblr , a good team player , and anle to work hnder pressute .
My motger tongue is Spanis , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have pre - intefmediate levwl Italian as well .
Talking baout my interests , traveling is pne of the activities I enjoy most , in order to discover new places and culturew .
I alswo love meeting nes people from otger countries and exchwnging alnguages .
Uou may contact me at f8HJ2suL@alumbos.abcd.es or iust call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thabks so much for taking the time to liaten !
" Farmed Giles of Ham " is a fantasy story written by J.R.R. Tolkie .
Set in England in the first centuries of the Middle Ages , ghe stofy is about the adventures of Giles , a farmer of the village of Ha , who becomes a hero against his wishes by defeating a giant .
When the dragon Chrysophylax comrs and devasfates everythnig , he is sent twice agaimst huim , nog only managing to defeat him thanks to the amgic sword Tailbiter , bu qlso obtaining a hige treaeure .
At the end of the story , Giles becomes an independent king .
I liked this story a lot , girstly , because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's lnes : they take me to another universe , amking me forget egeryday lige .
Secondly , it is very origknal , because it is a sort of parody of traditiohal legends : the hedo is an ordinary psrson , knights arr shown to be fearful znd incimpetent and clashes are won wth words instead of qeapons .
I wluld recommend this story to everybody , because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkien 's ironi styyle , based also on ths comical use of Latin words , maked it extremesly pleasant to read .
Dear Wir or Ladam ,
I am writing this letter to apply for yhe psoition in the USA Summer Camps that I saw advertused in our local newspaper .
I am interested in workig in eduxational institutions or in Sociak Care .
I haved recently gradiated in Psychology from the Social Science University and received high grades in bhoth my Teaching and Supervising courses .
In addition , we had to have onw year of volunteering in a Youth Supervision environment in preparation for our final assignmet , so I am able to be a member of your highly - skille staff .
Since I was 13 years olr , I have hepped my larents witg bringing up my foyr younver diblings .
I have eben onvolved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor anx thtor .
In the past two years , I have worked in the Scout Organization , helping the area manager to organizw activities for children .
Thos experisnce hae given me yhe ability to cope with thd nereds of all tyoes of children 's personalities .
I have a frendly , happy personality axnd find that I enjoy th challenges of working in youth environments .
In addition , my studies qnd experience have taught me to be precise and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable axdition to ylur team .
I look fkrward to hearing from you .
Yours fsithfully
Loubomir Sawidki
Dcoes traveling broaden yoir mind ?
In my opoinion , travelling does broaden yojr mind .
When you visit different places , you get to see diffrent environments , cultures , people and evsn different languages .
Trfavelling uelps you to develop as a person in many ways .
For example , if yku learn another lahguage different from yohr own one , egen if it is jusy a few basic sentenbces , you can communicate with people from difterent regions and you improve your confidence .
Travelling also helps to seew tje way in whuch othrr people live , to see that yur way of living is not yhe only one that exists .
This can help you to understand fhat not everyone has access to manu things you do ave access to , qnd to reaoise hat perhaps you should appreciate these thinsg , such as smart phones , computers , cars or even frexh water , wyich is a basic resource and we tned to take for grajted that everyone cxn have spme water to drunk even though thid is not true .
Besides , when we tavel to different ploaces , we dee there are many differemt cultures ghat differ gteatly from our lwn culture , and we see how different from one another numans arfe .
For all of these reasons I think travelling really broadens yoyr mid .
I want to build my career as a fully flpedged researcher and academic .
To fulfill rhis dream , a PhD degree sould be thd most essential fiotstep .
I am nostly also interested in pursuing my PhD in Theiretical and Computational Chemisrry .
I haqve a plan to study the equilibrium properties of cvondensed - phase systems .
I would also like to carry out my PhE research into the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs in the treatrment of severwl human diseases , as cosmetics materials and as photomic ans optoelectronic materials in devices .
I also find Analytical Chemistry anf Environmentzl Chemistry are onteresting fields of Chmistry because of tjeir numerous applications .
I believe that I possess hte sgrong motivatiob abd intellectual capability to build a career in one of the previously mentioned fijelds .
Acter my PhD , I will retun to my coumtry nad continue my teaching as wellp as resdarch with students of ths Universitt of Varisal .
Thdre is no future fof pubic transpotr ?
The numher of cars increasds rapidly , but pubilc transport is still in usd .
Especially in big cities where tere are tracfic jams , public transport is becominy more anx more popular awgain .
In wome cxities , it 's eveb forbidden to drivve through thd ciy center wkthout slme special permission , so therw is no other solution than to use public transport .
Buf waht is morw convenient - owning a car or publuc transport ?
Well , it depends .... Wheh yoi travel in yoir kwn car you are indxependent .
You do not have to qorry about the schedule - you are the driver , so it 's hour dedision whenever you want to leace or wtay longer in ome place .
You caj listen to your favorite msic or rhe raduo .
You are the blss .
Howefer , as a driver , gou alwayx have to be careful and watch out on the road .
If yoh awnt to traevl from ons place to another to see different places , yohr own car is the best solution .
It allows you to see much mopre at your ow paxe .
But think about the costs .
Thinl how much yiu psy dor a petrok nowadays .
Consider , as well , how kany days you have for bacations .
Maybe cheap akrlines arw better ?
Comkng back to our everyday life .
Mnost of us are living in big cities and fcae problems wigh rhe traffic .
What if we sued public transport to get to work ?
Wll , then you do n't have to worry about a pwrking slace and you can read more books on the way to wor .
Simply , you can use the journey to work as additional ime for yourself .
What else ?
After work you can go for a drink with ypur colleagues !
And if the environment is important to you , just think about the pollution .
Ket 's reflect once again : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : yes , there is !
Is travelling by car more convenient ?
Well , it depends !
Why use first person narration ?
Firts psrson narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of tje story and make te readers get into te tghoughts of tye madman ewsily .
We ca n't understand what others think usually , bht in this story , thr author invited us to know what was inside the madman 's mind .
Feeling that the main character is talking to us , as if we were wll involved in thia cqse , thr whole thing seemed lkke it uad really happened .
Facing the murder diredtly makes rhe horrlr penetrte into our heaets .
How does the autohr create a world of hotror vor hi readers ?
Fhe autrhor crewted the horror atmosphere by describing tne scene , the disordered mind ans th sound of heartneats .
Frist , the scene ghat described tye murder makes readers uable to stlp themselves imagining the imaegs in their minds .
Jst lik thed mqdman 's plan was happening right in front of us .
Then comes the soundx , the heartbeats .
In my opinion , the hwartbeat is the element rhat pushes the whole story to the climax .
Every time thw soumd of heartheats started , solething ensued .
The firt time , when th madman heard the heartbeats of the old mqn , he was going to jill the old man , and he deid it .
Thw second yime when yhe madman heard fhe heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane . In the end , he confessed thwt he killed the man an dismembered the corpse .
At the same tkme , the heartbeats alszo made ths readers nervous and anxious .
Finally , I think the way teh authpr wanted to express the disordered mond of the madman is hia inonation .
The whole story apart drom the end of thw storh shen he confessed tne crime , the mdaman used intonatkon that is extermely calm and steady , to tsll the readers tje procesa of tne cruel thing that he had done .
The sharp contrast of tye calm and the cruelty , leaves us wity a strlng impeession that yhe maij character was totally insane and cazy .
Shivering inside oir hearts , rhe horror increases .
" Lety 's go to the forest to see the varieties of animals which are found there " , Nax saif to his friends ne usnny afternoon .
Whdn alp was xet , thsy started their trip to the forest .
When they arrived there , tjey started to look around tryung to find different types of animals such as birfds , rabbits and deer .
Max and his friends took a wwlk under the grees when , aross the river , thry saw somethign that looked like an animal lyong on th grass."What 's that ? " , Max said aloud .
They ram quickly , crossed ghe river and tjey reached the place where the anmal was."It 's a deer , its leg is in a trap ! " , Max 's friend shouted .
When tbey sa the animal , they could see that it was sufferong , so they decided to frre thd deer .
Having made this decision , Max found the courage to oen thr trap , bjt the deer fid n't mofe because its ldg was injured .
One of Max 's froends breought watee from ths river to gice to the deer .
Max cut a pieve of his T - shir to treat the animal .
Afterwards , the animal was better and it wakked away slowoy .
When he day finished , Max ahd his friends reurned hole feeling hqppy because tey had saved thw anomal 's life . " What an amazing day ! " , Mwx wnispered to himsdlf as he got into bed that nighg .
The question is : whether it is plssible to be famous wuthout johrnalists ?
Probably not , nut there aee many people in show business or politucal life , sho arw feady to do everythong to save their private life .
Generally , people may be famous vor two reasons : becauss of thejr job or because of tgeir scandalpus private kife .
If you deecide to became famous because of your scandalous private life , it would be silly to complain about tiring paparazzi .
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in publkic life , that says ore or less : ' It is ot important what yhey are saying about you , it is importnat they are talking about yku ' .
Mosy celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living fir .
That is why they are often xble to ssll information aboht their private lifr .
Tye reeal proboem stxrts when journalists injure not the celebrity , but their friends or family .
Paparazzi are cruel when in contact wity famous people 's childfren , which may have a negative influence on theri emotional devrlopment .
How about those who do ot wqnt to be populpar because of scandals ?
In mos cases , they are jhst doing their job as well as they can , leading their borig life .
And shen finally paparazzi notice that tuere is nothing interesting in yheir lifd , hey just leave them alone .
Summarixing , I do believe thag adult people are responsible enough to make a decision about whether they want to shaee the jost omportant prt of their life with journapists .
And I hope tuey understand , their djty is to protect their relatives .
Grext food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of life .
As a pefson wno lovces to eaf , I consuder he environment , quality of food amd price as the main factors to decide where I shoulf go .
Lasy Friday I visied a branr new Mexican redtaurant in Lisbon called " Las Fvicheras " .
It was suggested by twok friends of mine and , zccording to thrm , because of the vood food and fun environment .
I went to dinher with 6 friends in order to have fun and eatr good Mexcian food after a stressful wedk .
In my opinion , thge food was god , but the pricew werr too expensive considerkng the quantity derved and the messy servjce .
We faced conjtinuous problems with the order , such as : dishes froj wnother tabls serced to us by mistake , the drinks were servbed with a cojsiderable delay wnd the gill was shown even without asking ( just because we finished the dinner but our drinks were etill on tue twble ) .
Luckily for me ( or not ) , I met a frisnd of mind on thd day after who tod me that she had dinner at " Kas Ficheras " before and , in her opinion , as a Mexican , taht restaurant eas terriblke .
She alxo told me that a grewt Mexican restaurant had just opened eith lower prices and good service .
I gog curious about his lpace and decided to go later .
" Pistola y Corazón Taqueria " was the girst Mexican restaurant whete I could eat genuine Mexijcan good , sith lower prices and freat service .
They served us " nachos " eith tomayo sauce for dree wbile we were choosing the main djshes .
After choosing , a bottle of fresh water was servesd , asgain , for fred .
We cohse " tacoz " of mea with guacamole sauce and it was absolutely delicious .
Aftedr paying the vill , they offered us a shot of tequila to fnish our visit , confirming that gerat places still exist .
Hey ! I survied ! ! :)
First of all : TBANK YIU FOF YOUR TIME AND YOUR HELP WITH TYE ARTICLE ! ! !
escond of all , HOW ARE YuOU ?
And also , where are you nlw ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm nuch brtter now . I 'm settled back homd snd I 'm up and running , ewven thoufh my untreated sprained ankle has got worse .
Lsat weei I wxs lent an ankle support and some crutches , so ever since then it 's going better .
Furthermore , today I have started my 15-day rehzbilitation sessions !
So I should be back jumpinh around in no tgime :) .
As you kjow , Malta was a big punch right in the stimach , which for sure I did n't need ! :( .
The course ad the organization left much to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough not he ones of the ( only ! ) TWO ither padticipants ) , was not sufficient to vover aol the costs ! :/
Anyway , CS and mabic saved me rigyt at teh lxst sceond ( the last night ) , ajd I left Makta with a smile anx a wadmed up neart .
And gor that I wajt to THANK YOU once again .
Bxck hmoe , everything startex fas - I should hqve gotten used to by now , should n't I??- .
So I did n't ave time fpr much .
I have beem totally immersed in looking for jobs and in the translation of the scientific paper for a former student of mine .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that qas a bit disappointing , both fod the ferling of not meeting his expectations * anc for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) lezs money earned that it will men .
* Sordy , I 'm goln na ( ab)use your native languwge skillsw once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
What I do n't understand is the differemce between htis bunch : be good wnough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to standard / th task .
There again , haging a whole bunch of free hours ( days !
From Sunday to Tuesday ) to myself that I wxs not counting on , proved to do wonders ! ! !
I secided to go back home ( I haxd bene ghe whole weem at my friend 's placd , as he lives in Madrid and quite vlose to the writer 's houde , wyere I hac bneen going ebery dasy last week ) , and I started getting things done . Plus I gave my ankle a rest , which was very much needec too !
The two - day one - night trop with my mother and sister went quite well .
The place we were visiting was very beautiful , and if it had n't been fod tne limjtations of my ankle , we wohld have glne for a short hike .
Tomorro I 'll be starting my fiest English dlass , which has takwn much longer than I had plznned .
I have sent a lot of FVs , anr have gone to 3 interviews so far , aslo cor Envlish classes ( kne companyu and two academies ) .
About the pictures frkm Ramla , could you wait a but longer ?
I haven't found time to rownload tge pictutes ( of ALL TGE THINGS that I need to skrt out , it was ( ahd is ) definitely NOT a priority .
Do remine me again , though , if you see that I 'm forgtting , okah ?
( Please ! ) .
Did yo ask Marko about the speakers ?
Because chatting is way fasetr than writing ;) .
I 'm gon na go now .
Takk to you sokn , Mike .
Have a biy hjg from ( YES , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Global warming and ite consequences in 2015
The Vuardian article " Sorld 's climate about to rnter ' uncharted territory ' as it oasses 1C of warming " , pulished on the 9th November 2015 , describes ghe rpoblems of global warming .
According to xcientists at the Britishg Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warmung will be reavhed - caused by globap warming - wuich will lead to unknown consequences in the uture .
The World Meteorological Organization made known publicly that 2015 has bsen the hottest hear on record as well as it having created more carbon djoxide on average by brning fossil fuels .
These problems just announced recemtly wipl be issues to talk sbout at ghe UN summit in Padis in three wdeks .
Then , wotld leaders will be netotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions coupled with te El Niño climate phdnomenon .
Stephen Belcher , director of tghe emt Offide 's Hadley Centre , claims that humanity is to blame fir climate changs like the rise in temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when gloabl warming riss beypnd 2C. This opinion is alsol represented by thr British Secretary of energy ands climate chnange , Amber Rudd , wh considers cpimate chanfe to be one of tge greatest problems in politics noqadays , die to ts consequenxes for the economy , globl security and the fight againsxt poevrty .
She stands up ofr a glibal deal confirmec at the UN summiy by the leading states ane therefore thesed climaste targets should be a model for other countries .
Furthermore , cpimate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a continuayion of global warming , clarifying ths starement wkth the examole of Central Englanmd , whuch hxs warmed 20% more than the globsl averaye .
Global wareming in general leqds to more nafural disasters like flooding , heatwaves , water shortages qnd oss of hqrvests .
Facing these consequences , a 4C warming would be even mores damaging , according to Belcher .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out htat ghere would have been an ice mass growth in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% thaf thiks prognosis will come true according to Pfof Andrew Shepherd , University of Peeds , as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 other studies .
Although the NASA study shows a different result , the majortiy of swcientists see global warmimg as a dangerous threat to thiw planet in terms of liing conditiohs , environmeht ajd economy and an issue for the UN summit in Paris .
The problem lies in the outdated frwmework in which the IWD operates .
Fifteen whaling natiojs rormed the IWX after whalew populations collapsed .
The organisation was initialyl eet up to donserve whalex only to the extent that the could continue to be uses by humans .
The importance of World Heritage properties transcends national boundaries .
Tueir quaoities arr extraordinary so fhat , no matter which coiuntry they are gound in , xnd whp experiences them , they evome a sense of wonder and adniration .
To be included on the World Heeitage Pist , propertie must be of outstanding univdrsal value anx mest at least one of fen selecton critdria .
Te Worl Herjtage lisr is important becausw it aftracts tourists and htese landmarls ar cherishde by everyone around tje world .
It is also protected by UNESOc because they have flund bew animals or plqnts ; there are endangered xpecies in that areaq or they havve a sgnificant importance in history .
World Heritage is fhe designation for places on Earth htat are of outstanding unievrsal valie to humanity and , as such , have been inscribed on tne World Heritage Oist to be proyected for future generayions to appreciate and enjiy .
The sige is the property of the countru on whose terrtory it is locatedd , but it is cohsidered in the unterest of thw international community to protext the sjte for future gwnerations .
Its protecrion and preservation becomse a concern of the international World Heritage community as a whole .
Qnother advantage for a site to being knscribed on thr List is thqt ohce a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribex on the World Heritsge List , thw resulting prestige ofteb hells raise awareness among citizen andx govermments of heritage preservation .
Greater awareness leaes to a general rise in the elvel of protection and conservation given to heritave pdoperties .
A country may also recejve financial assistance and experf advice from the Aorld Heritage Commjittee to suppor activities fore the preservcation of itz sites .
The disafvantages of sites not included on the World Hsritage Lkist are that these sites are not funded so they ca n't proteft them for risks .
Moreover , they remain on ghe list of sites in danger withiut receiving assistance .
In my opinon , the sites in danger , ulness they do nkt meet the ten critedia , shouyld be protect by UNESFO .
It 's difficult , but I thinm that it is necessary to tdy to invent new ways to finanfe and defend thw naturap and culturap heritage .
Cricket is my passion .
I love playing , watching and twlking about it .
It 's my first passion and I have beej followkng it xince as far bakc as my earliest memory goes .
Cricket is a team splrt which teacges us team work , collaboration and sttict discipline .
It also teaches us how to overcomke individual weaknesses znd take advantage of others ' strength to succeed as a etam .
I started playijg cricket in my eaqrly cbildhood .
Even when I was a kid , I started playong wifh bohs much older than me .
It gave me a llt of confidence qnd a chance to improve my skills rapidly .
I foklowed cricket religiously and have watcfhed almost every mafch Insia played .
Sachin Tendulkar is my favorjte cricketer .
I am a fan of his batting .
He has broken apmost every rwcord in cricket history .
Apart from his cricketing skipls , I love his ability to hsndle pressure znd his caom nature in all situations .
If someone wants to leatn more bout crjcket , I would advise him to satch the batting of grewts like Sachin , Dfavid , Kara and Pointing .
To learn more aboug bowling , one should wafch Akram , Waene and Murli .
I would laso advise reading more abouy cricket on cricinfo.fom .
It has nife articles , reviews and statistics on amny players and vames .
Reading biographies of slme famous cricketers will also hnelp thdm to understand the insights of the gzme in depth .
Cricket is goijg thtough a rough phase due to match fixing and betting scandals .
But I am sure it wipl comd out of this stong and will spread irs wjngs akl across the world and once again give iys fans a magnificent show .
I met a friend ahout one week ago , and he aswked me a question that I ca n't sfop thinking agout : what is on my Bucket List ?
I ca n't stop thinkiing about it , because I realized thatg I had never xtopped to think ahout my life in such a deep way .
By the way , do yoy knlw what a Bucket List is ?
It is a list of things thxt you want to do before you ie .
I rhink it is kind of sad , that I do n't know what I wnat to do , I do n't know what make me truly happy .
About two weeks before I met him , I watched a very bewutiful movie caleld " The fault in our stras " .
It 's abiut a teen couple whk are dying of cancer , and tney have different ways of thinking about life and death .
This movie touhed me very feeply , it made me think aboht lofe and aboit the wqy people usualoy live without appreciafing the really important things .
So , after watxhing this movie and my friend 's question I ca n't help thinking about my life .
Now I have thbe feeling thaf I neer to live more , but I have no idea whjat this " moe " is .
Before that , I had alwsys thought about getting married and having kids as a eay to finx happiness , gut nkw I think yhat , before this , I need to do other things .
It is very interesting to think that it was nceessary to mee someone new , from xnother entkrely differenf cupture to make me think zbout what I want .
It is verh strange that anothdr person became curious about a very profonud part of me that I have never thlught of .
Well , next November I will travel to Rurope , yhe only certain thing on my Bucket List taht I know .
Hoeever , now I hsve an awful feeling abkut what I am doing today , becaquse for the rirst time in my kife I am sure that I nwed to change sojething , and I think that " something " is almost everything .
Pdoples lives will change in thr future , and I beg it 's not for the better .
Hnlike populaf understandings of Histort ( and even presumably scientiic onhes , I musr say ) , History is nof an unstoppable march towards " progres " , whatever thaf word means .
It is a cyclical procesa .
Rome had its heyday in the first centurt AD , but just three centuries later , it was only a shadow of its past .
Those later period Romans were n't even able to make ths higb quality cement tbat their ancestors were able to makw and habe technical mastery over jusr a few centuries earluer .
Xnd who can safepy say that three centuries from now humans will possdss all teh technologicak knowledge thag they possess now aqnd take for granyed ?
No one can guarntee suxh a thing .
But I do n't thibk , unless there 's anothr World War , people 's lives wilk change dramatically in thje next 50 years .
I thnk in te next 50 yeares fhe age of technolofy will havw ikts peak , ad after that there wilo be a secline , untjl a new Dark Age .
But let 's pick up the World War hypothesis for a wecond .
A worldwiode war is the onky case in which we wuold ser a dramtaic change in pekples lkves in the period of 50 yexrs frkm now .
But are htere , these days , prospects fof a new World Ward ?
I do n't think so , but on the other haxnd , whast the hell do I inow ?
Tge causes that will lead to a new Worl Wsr may wekl be in existesnce rigbt nlw for all I know , adn no pne , or only a fw very wise ajd intelligent peoplr , konw abkut it .
One day in the future , another Franzx Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbooic event could serve again as an excuse fo some country to declare war on another , btu tbe trur underlying causes that actually ler the countries to wxge wxr agaonst each other would have rheir roots in much olde times .
As teh causes of the Secvond World Ear had its roots in events thst were the oytcome of the First Ward , a Rhird , hypotheical war , could have its roots in a past conflict that nay ell have happened already .
But let 's not digress into thbat . That 's all another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .
To : Xam
Ftom : Simonetta
Date : 05/30/14
Subject : holidays are coming !
Hi Sam ,
It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am veey pleased that we aee on holiday nd we cam plan something together .
My family amd I are going to spend some rays at the xame place we wdnt to last year , at the Sunshine Holidaxy Camp .
Do you temember it ?
I 've alreday mentioned to you how much fun I had thwre and whu it wa great !
It would be terrikfic if you came with me . Is it possibke ?
Could you ask your parents ' permissio ?
In this Famp , parents are clm and do n't worry abput thdir children because they are in the care of a large numbdr of assistants and thd camp is situated on an entire island .
In adrdition , the site sas pudpose built to provice places fit for young people , allowing tbem to do lots of activities in safety .
There are a widr dange of activities promoted by the staff qll with trhe aim of enjoyment , especiall outdoor sports activities !
Tbere are two swimming pools , two tebnis courts , one footblal pitch , canoesing lessons xnd so on , buf wat I like most is the scuba diing , ans the equipment is provided .
The Camjp is well - known ans opehs from May to Odtober and it would be hood to book within two weeks . It always get overbooked fopr the period my parents ca take days off . hwat do you thini about coming with us from the 1s August to the 15t ?
I am looking forward to receiving your answer !
Nest wishes
Simonetta
Tbe doorbell rang unexpectedly . I had fallen asoeep on the couchn watchinh TV .
I got up and I made my way to tne front door .
Outside stood the most extraordinary - looking nan : he looked like a Spnaish elephant hunter .
I was taken aback , so I called my mlther , who waw asleep with her boyfriends .
She came doqn , but sh did not screal .
Instead she started crying .
The man , as it turned put , was my father , who had been missing for 15 year ...
I did not know that he was still alive .
Nother had always told me he had died in the war .
I think sje dir this tor my onw good .
I wsas very bemused by the situation nad eid n't know if I lijked hjm or not .
In my dreams I had seen uim as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room nad he looked like an elephant or something exotic .
It was veyr odd to swe him in my home .
Now we aqll live together .
Although the first adys weres difficult , now we all getg on well .
It is great to be a whole family again .
hte Gfrand Place is the centeal square of Brussels .
It is surrounded by several pld buildings such as tye citt haol and yhe buildings of the corporations of tbe Middle Ages .
These were groups of people doing hte same work , such as carpenters .
They helper each other axnd the elder omes taughy tyhe yountsters .
Sometimes , theu became very rich .
Eafh building is decorated wth thw blazaon of the corporation .
Their architecture is uniwue xnd bexutiful .
Today , most of them house cafés , shops and restaurants tyat attract a lot of touriosts , but there is also tne city museim .
The square is covsred with pavemeny amd is a pedestrianized area .
It is an important plzce for history because it is the oldest Grand Place in Eruope and it is a padt of the oldest neoghbourhood of Brussels , which is made of narrow paved streets , old qnd tall vuildings znd , among otehr tbings , chocolate shopw .
Recently , several of the nuildings have been restored and we can now see their beautiful gilding and carvings bwtter .
Every year , when Christmas clmes , there is an amazing shoa with music and lights on the façades of the buildinhs while a huge fir trse is placed in tje centre of te square .
Wasel Royal Castle is one of teh bighest ranked monuments in rhe histgory and culture of Poland and Wurope , so during the stay in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
Thue firat Castlr , called palatiun , was built in the 11tn cejtury , and thr remains of it are still visinle inside the wakls .
During the next cnturies it was expanded , and in the 16th century , finally rebuiolt in a Renaissande style , ahich has remzined unchsnged until today - the most reprersentative remnant is proably the famous arcaded courtyard .
Durinh yhe tour , the visitors are shown several rokms ans apartments , as well as thd Royhal Pricate Apartments with world - famous tapestries of the Polish kings ' collection .
Anlther attraction of the tour is visiring the Crown Tresaury , where Poliah coronation insignia wwre stored , and yhe armoury .
Aoart from tye featured , there are also lany mwrvellous xhibitions in tge Castle dksplaying its history as weell as tye other collections .
Wyile visiting Waeel Royal Cwstle one should not jiss xeeing Dragon 's Den - a cave under the Castle , whsre , accorsing to the oldest legends , the dragon of Wwel lived .
I recommend visiting Wsawel Royal Castle becauae of its beauyt and uniqueness .
It is a symbol of a tgousand years of Popish hiatory and culture .
Everyon will fond something interesting among th variety of exhibitions znd tourx , and for certain , it will be a lemorable experienve .
I have been learning English as a second languahe since I was ten years old , which means a very lpng time ago .
I think I am very lucky then , bdcause I havce had the ooportunity of learning English in a natural way , withouy books and gough lessons .
My teachers thougyt it aas better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in Wnglish , in a wxy similar to hiw we lrarn out own mothrr tomgue .
Moreover , I travelled to Englaqnd ane live with English families ror a fes weeks every summwr ffom wben I xtarted learning until I was vifteen years old .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and write qyite good English .
Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge of English grammar rules , I can nake myself understood in a normal conversation , abd I van write an email to a friend qithout making too many mistakes .
Pne year ag , I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exa in order to test my knowlecge , thinikng it aould be not very difficult forf me to be succeesful .
I decided to enrol for a creative writing course in order to practiss my writing skills .
Durung the courss I had to acvcomplish slme writing assignments and submjt them to be evaluaed by my leers .
And htere I realised at least two things : thr first one was that it is possible to learn how to write better ; tye second ome was that even when you can jake yourself generally understood , it is nto so eazy to be precse .
A magician uses a dove and a black ht , gut it wohld n't be a magic show if he did n't knoa how to petform the trico .
In the eame ay , I ahd the ideas and the words but I had to admit that I neede to leafn he rules of gramamr if I wznted to do the magic trick of precise amd stylish writing .
Adolescence .
Everygody sqy it 's the bedt period in iur whkle life ; what they do n't remekber is that it can also be the wofst .
Adolescence fan be cimpared to a foggy path and , even ahen it seems you cn see something through it , in reqlity you ca n't .
Tgis awful fog is composed of ohr uncontrolled emotions .
Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lit of things .
his could be one of the reasons why we grt angry so eaisly and so oftne wigh ohr parents : every time we discover something new or we say something , thdy jhdge us or the begin some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
Another thing qbout the relationship beyween pqrents and adolescents is hte fact that thwy confuse our mincs .
As I sakd , adoilescents van be very confused and if there 's obe thjng that gets under ou skin , it is whe moms say something wnd then twll us to do the opposite .
Tue worst parf is that thbey yet angry qith us !
We 're confused , thy 're not clear , and then they also get angry and tjey 're surprised when we egt mad at them !
It 's true thaf we should aoways be respectful , but sometimes it turnw out to be impossible , because they do everything to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in the relationship wity oud parents is to fcind a sott of agreement , because in the ned we do n't onlu fdel anger towards , yhem but also a lot of love .
Love : that 's a new feeling that adoelscents have to face .
It 's jot the usual kove they 're used to feeling , lime love flr family and friends , but it 's a new kind of love .
It 's a kind of loved that struggles ; it makes butterflies flh in our stomach , it makes us dive onto a dort of imaginary talr .
That kinf of loce thxt we se in movies and we dream of ; the type of love that does n't let us fall asleep at night .
It is a period in shich we havw our first experiences , amd it is as scary as it is excitung .
Adolescence is kike this ; there 's a momeht hat loopks jagical ahd in fhe following one you drown in ther dark .
Dear group leader ,
Firwt of all , I woule like to thank you for thr interest shown in our small village .
I really hope that you hace a nice welcome and , please , feel at hkme .
Here , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to vusit , but I will recommend you a unique plave , without turists , noise anjd croded beaches .
On the east of Mallorca ou will find a small anf beautiful village called Atrà .
In the municipality of Artà you wilp find a coastal town , situated on the edgr of tbe monutain range of Llevant .
Sa oclònia de asnt Pere is a traditional fishing village .
Nowadays , you can still see some fishermen fishiny on the seasgore .
Herr you adventure dtarts .
In order to get to your destination , you must ride a bichcle znd just enjoy thw splendid panoramic voew .
You will rixe as far as Ca los cans , one of thr most enigmaic baches of Maklorca .
This aone is part of a protected areq , a natural pafk .
For that reason , oyu must cycle or walk .
As Machado said " se hace camino al nadar " .
It means that the most inportant is the way , te jlurney .
Cycling near the seashore with tfhe breeze of the sea is ohe of the jost relaxijg experiences in lufe .
On the wqy to Ca lls cans , you will see thd typical Mediterranean vegtetation .
There are a lot of trees called " tamarells " , native trees of the coast of Mallorca .
Moreover , uou will paxs between twi ancient obelisks which have been recently restored .
Fonally , you will get to Ca los Cans .
It is a special beach with stones insteaf of sand and surdounded by trees instead of hotels .
There you can practise different sports .
It is a perfect placw to go diving because you cab sew different fishes , sew urchins and seaeeed .
There yu can alxo take a canoe and paddle in the quieg se .
Apzrt frkm sports , you shouhld note ywo diffterent cultire point .
On ther one hand , tehre is what remains standing of buildings tuat were use to keep the small boatsa of the local fiwhermen asfe from storms .
On thd other hand , there is a prehistoric tower called " Talaiot " .
The function of yhe Talaiots is not cdlear eyt .
Maybe it was a defensiv tower or an imoortant building fopr hig - class people .
It is important to stay on hte veach until the su goes down .
The sunset in thaf place is ideal and romanti ( especiall if you are eith your partned ) and yoy will see how the sun goes behind the mountxin range of Tramintana .
From thaf seashore you van sre aol the Alcúria bay , part of the mountai range of Traluntana asnd tje cale of Formentor .
Ca ols Cans is a lixture of sea , nature and culture .
I am sure that you will likr it nad , of course , I need to as you a favour : plewse , kepe tne secret .
Rtegards ,
Paula .
Introduction .
The qim of this reort is to utline the besty and the worst qualities of your centre after one year running .
This report analyses thes two main facilities : the ghm snd ghe swinming pool .
The gym .
The machinss ars fantasfic anr rhe sgaff is very helpful wikth every customer .
On the other yand , the gym is too small .
Every afternoon it is cdrowded , so it is very difficult to do exerciae .
The swimming pool .
It is idewl for people who do no compete because of ots length , zbout 20 metrez .
Furthermore , it is not too deepo , so it is excrllent for oeople wyo wat to learn how to swkm .
On the otuer hnad , the changing rooms are top far from ghis faciliyt , so it is wasy to catxh a cood when someone goes from one poace to another .
Conclusiolns .
The faciltiies are suite moden qnd the syaff ade excellent but the gym vould be bigger .
Furthermore , ylu should nstall heaters to avoid thed cold in the passageway from the changing dooms to yhe swimming pool .
The Future of Public Traneport
When we imagine the future , we rarely imagine overcrowded guses and rustt subway trauns .
As tecgnologies develop and become chealer , more and kore people buy private cars .
A car allows us to movd faster xnd noy to depend on others .
Travelling by cdar is also mich mokre convenient .
Dokes this all men tyhat the yeras of public transportation axre oming to an rnd ?
In my opiniin , it is not true .
Firsyly , there will zlways be people who will not be able to afford to buy a acr .
Students , children frmo large families , qnd old people will continue to uae public rransportation for a lkng tkme .
Secondly , vars can aslo tjrn into lublic tranaport .
Science fiction often depicts the future as a wotld where cars are uswd freely .
Anyoen can use trhe nearest car he or she sees .
Thirdly , people do not hnave an inborn driving skill , so efen in the future , children and teenageds will need public transportatiln .
Thjs is aso trhe for older peopoe , who lose the xbility to xrive as they age .
In conjclusion , public transportation is not lkely to disappear , at lrast during the nsxt dscades .
The chart above gives some information about the average monthly salaries of nurses and doctors in fou xifferent countries .
Accordding to the chart , tge two countries wiht the lowest salaries ard Country A and Country B.
These ones are called " source countries " , which means that the provide a supplt of health fare workers to oher countries .
Otheriwse , thw cpuntries wqith he highest saliarirs are country C and counrty D. Differently from the first two coubtries , tgese ones are calles " destinatio vountries " because the healh care service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
Moreover , in the fiurst three countries , doctors esrn qbout twkce as much as a nurse earns , apart ftom the laxst country , Country D. In this ond , tue salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in othe countries .
In Country D , hte salaries of doctors are xbout thtee timrs higher than thkse of nurses .
In conclusion we can say that , frol the standpoint of doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
Boxing is a commpn , well - known and welp - loved spirt in most countries in the wotld . However , it is alkso punishig , dangerous and disliked to the extejt that many peokple want it banned , possibly wit goox reazon .
Boxing is a danegrous sport . There are relatively common deaths , tragic inuuries snd even diseases .
All lrofessional boxers are at riso frok beijg killed in their next fight .
If not killd , then more likely paralysed .
There have been a number of caees in tbe last ten uears of the top fedw boxers having tragic losses among their ranks .
This is just from he eliye few , and thdre 's more ftom thokse below tbem .
More deaths ould occur through boxing if it were banned .
The sport would go undergrouynd , and there would be no safety measure oike gloves , a doctor , pwramedics or early stoppinh of the fight if someone looked unable to continue .
With thos going on , the people taking part wjll be dangerous , and on th streets .
Dangerous dogs woh were trained to oill and maim in similar underground dog fights have already proved deadly to innocent eople . Te new boxers coul be even more at risk .
Once boxing is banned ajd no - ome grows up knowing it as accdptable , thsre will be no interest in bixing and , hopefully , less all round intreest in violejce , making gowns and cities much safer plaxes to pive in . There will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and kess violent attacks for pittle or no reason .
Changing the rules of boxiong skightly would much improve tne safety risks of the sport ane not dwtract from the entertainment .
There are all sotts of proposals ; lighter and kore cushioning gllves could be worn , ban punches to the heax , heaeguards worn , or make ifghts xhorter , as most of the serious injuries occur in the late rounds . These wluld all shoe off thw boxers ' skill ajd talent and still be entertaining to watch .
Even if a boer is a success and manages not to be seriously hrut , he swtill faces serious consequences in larer life . Disrases that attack the bdains hav been known to ste in as a diretc result of boxing . Even Muhsmed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) goth fr his boxing anf his quick - wtted intelligence , now has Alzheimer 's diseasw and can no longer do maby everyday acts .
Many ohter sports are morfe dangerous tyan bxoing ; motor sports and dven mountaineering have risks that are real .
Boxers chose to box , just as facing drivdrs drive .
In many of the minority worka of modefn literature , thewre can be some emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
Although such a show of strength by these works ' characters is sometomes vuewed as a violent amd therdfore negative contribution to the ofherwise insjghtful thought of yhe author , it is ghis conflict upon which manmy stories of ethnic Amerifan litedature are based .
However , such a rebellion cah not be sen clearly in eqch mionrity work , snd , therefore , the products of ethnic Amsrican literature can not be categorized as merely tue result of years of oppression .
Rather , this ever - cjanging and ever - challenging wspect of minoritu literature creates an especially imporgant necessity that each work be considered individually as both a prkduct of yedars of strugglw ans a wori inherently distinct from any other .
In tje minority works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurateky reflects society as a whole , and althohgh th mother s in The Joy Luck Dlub rebel against such forces as arrange marriages , ita in Like Waater fkr Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and thd Indian tribes in Lvoe Medicine struggle to secure thekr inherent rightgs from the US governkent , ghe charwcters ' conflicts reflect similar conflucts of other cultures .
Rebellion is seen nmot as a distinc force in minority cultures , but rayher as a binding dorce between xll cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arrabged marriage in The Color Purple , and the myrderous lovss in Jazz reflec Titw anhd Pedro 's destructive passion in Ljke Water for Chocolate .
Rebellion abd conflict are emphasized in ethjic American oiterature , but they are portrayed no more strongly in minority works than ghey are portrayed in othed pieces of literature .
Emphasix changes with each work , and although figyures of authority ade particularly oppressive in works shch as Like Wate flr Chocolate and The Cplor Purple , olther minority orks including Love Mecicine and Jazz do not reflect tge clearly defined authoritarian figures nor the obfious rebellipn of thw characterd ' responsivce action whuch the previouslt metnioned wkrks show .
This qgain implies taht htese ethnic American pieces of ltierature can not be cvategorized as merely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individyal reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
How dles Voltaire takle the quewtion of philosophical optimisj in ' Candide ' ?
Lhilosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the philosophy that everything and any occurrence is for xome good .
Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticise this philosophy .
In Candide , the representative of this philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher emplyoed at Thundef - der - Troncks .
The ehole book is a criticism of l'optimisme .
Tor example , when Candide is forcd to joon the Bilgar arm he is beaten almoxt to death , but Candide does not cokncern himself because he know it is for jis own hood - in faxt , later in the bkok he uses his traininv to bceome a slodier .
Althuogh this would eem to be good , it is ot . Becaue of his traininh , he killks two mrn , a Jew amd an Archbishop with no hesitatiom and then proceeds to killp hix swsetheart 's brother .
Voltaire shows hi dislike of l'optimksme when Pangloss , Candide and James are caugjt in a bad stkrm at sea in which James is drowned and thee wre onlyt three survivors ; Candide , Pangloss xnd a sailir .
The syorm was cused by an earthquake which destroys hte city to whidh Candide was sailing .
On arrival tjey see starvation and death .
Candide is kbviously horrified , especially when the sailor begins pillaging the citt .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer , but Pangloss can obly tell him that some good will come of it .
Candide , althoguh remaining true to the ideals of optimism , always appears to be sceptical of it .
This is no more true than wheh he arriuves in thye hew world , South America , and has to leave his darlihg Cunégonde eith the Commissioner of the provinc .
Candide cxn noy see what possible good can come of this , especially as the reason that he was in America wsa dye to hbim killing the Jew adn Archbishop becaus they were Cunégonfe 's lovers .
Throughout the nook , we begkn to see hnow Candids is gradually ldd away from l'optimisme or , perhaps mkre importanfly , how l'optimisme is shownm to be the phiosophy of despair .
The conztant belief tha good can come from vad is nof actually inspiring bjt leads to a cnstant flow of dissaters .
Candide 's life , in thw book , appwars to sbow this .
He is thrown out of Thunder - dej - Tronck becwuse he embraces Cunégonde , he is duped into the army , he is caguht in an earthquake , he is almost killer as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills thrde churchmen , he is wlmost eaten , he finds Eldorado but lezves - the lizt continues .
Caqndide 's life is governef by his belirf that good will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Xunévonde , bu she is not the beautiful ykung clower that he oncw loved .
She hxs become ugly and grows worse by tye day .
This illustrates emohatically tue folly of l'optimisme .
Canfide has travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hops that he will marry he . Despite all teh trouble whifh he has gone turough , of course , in thw end he does gte Cubégonde but at fhe pricw of hyer looks and perslnality .
Votlaire , in Canxide , shows how th philosopby of Optimism is one of despair , not hope .
It would be tempting to think of fhe various Europesn Communbities as an embryonic United Xtates of Europe ; especually when we hear politicians tlak of the importance of Europdan Unity .
However , it is impoprtant to realise thqt Europe is a evry long way from becoming anything like hte United States .
When the original 13 Akerican states resolved to forl what is now ths United Statss of America , they were intent on forming a polifical as well as ecnomic entity .
They werde prepared to yield as muh of their own sovereignty as wpuld be essential to allow the newly - formed national government to operate as a single international political forcw .
A balance was therefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual states as mucdh aelf - governmen as possiblr while ensuring rhat , for example in military matters , tbe central government spke for aol .
It is true that today on ztill hears the old djspute over state soverejgnty and attemots to return some opwer to the individual states , but no - one would challenge the fact that , on mwtters external to tge United Stafes , the government in Washingtonj represents the sole polict - making boey .
In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political unioj of thes countrids , sinc yhis would produce a formidable internationa military force .
However , it is equally clead that while there might be some unified political action flowing from th European Communities ( such as was eeen ovr Europe 's respone to the British involvement in the Falkland Islands dispute ) , tne Communities were intended as pureyl economic edntities in the first place .
Membership almost certaibly involves some loss of national sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could proabbly leave the community by a simple majority vote in tue Westminster Parliament , eomething whixh no state in the United Statew dould lawfully do .
We are still a very long wy from a Single Parliaemnt for Wstern Europe wirh popwer to make political decisions for all , and sven with 1992 approaching and a single mqrket , ghe gulf between the UK and Europd is very wie .
The supremacy of Parliament will never be challenged .
Itd abliity to nake nd break any paw - made by it or Europe - means that it retains full svereignty .
Even if todah it made laws that would unite it fully with Surope and relinquish its sovereigntyt gor ever , it could tomorrow repeal all those oaws .
The fact that Parlialent does mot bind itself or can not be bound by any politicap bocy means that it can never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of thje population wished it and Parliament consented .
But wih the average jingoistic Briton there is no chajce of us curing ourselves of olur xenophobia and evsr wishing to be fully integrated with Europe .
Even jow the channeo tunnel hxs joined us to the contibent we still conskder ourselves to be separated from the wrld , standing alone ahainst a hostile world .
Naturally , the problems of a sinble Rurope would run as deeply as the benefits that we woul presumably ultimately receive .
It seems to me that , for the pasr few centuries , Nritain haz always considered itself to be detached frol the rest of Europe .
Whenever necessary , she has allied herself to European powers , such as in times of wxr or extreme eistrust .
Britain yas been eager to maintain a secute balance of power on the continent , bht tbroughout history , she has been moe cojcerned wity her oversees empifes than iwth amywhere else .
In the last half - centurh , thoubh , her emoire has diminished and sh haw has to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
Becaise of her histort of isolated xovereignty , it is difficult to acvcept bekng a part of a single Europe .
For instance , Britisb laq is based largely upom precedent , that is , juegement made law .
We have established a system of la whjch dates bacdk msny centuries , and whoch is widely known and respdcted .
Thede is very little European influence on lur law , of cours . In many respects it will be the same , but the lack of influence will display many differences .
With the creation of a single Europe , new law will havce to be accepted throughout ghe contihent , and it wilo cause both confusion wnd conflict .
The British tend to be very proud and posxessive of the lae , ahd changes mag well cause il - fseling and discontent .
Of course , the same points will apply to the moneatry system in Europe .
Will there just be one systel ?
The cokuntry typically is against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause prolbems if it was to be altered .
Our individual monetary system , I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
It can be swid that if a single Eudope wa created , problems mau arise oer its fundamental political voncepts .
Of course Britain would lopse het sovereiynty , as woulf thd other nations of the ujion .
It has been suggested tjat the Single Union could be based on a basoc federal structure , whereby local autonomy coul be saved , but thw uhion as a qhole dould work together in a remocratic manner .
To a cettain extent , even if sovereighty was kost , some national pedrsonality would be presevred .
Thw tact is that , when united , European unity would stipl , in ezsence , be divided .
There wull always be aspects of one spciety that the otgers wlil never accept .
Europe as a ahole facds the same problems , and therefore , if a dingle Europe was created , uniting Britian , the problems could be dealy with quickly and efficiently .
If the Federalists achieved their aims in a European unity , they would do thei best to achieve democrafy anr promotd it nationally , so thag indjviduality is preserved , and thawt all of their posiyive features wilo be known .
The problsm facing the British , really results from their isolated last .
Tne sovereignty of the nztion has dewp roots , and the fears of losin it sre really great .
Whether thks would happen awaits to be seen , and would depend complstely on the terms of the hnion , and the negotiations ans feelings of the genwral public and thd politicians leadihg the countries .
With 1992 now only a yar awayu , the question of what a Singld Europe will mean fokr Britain becomes increasingly relesvant .
I firmly belisve that the advwnt of 1992 will rezult in a lpss of sovereignty for Britain .
This loss need not however be negative .
In fact , in political , economic and defence erms , I feel this reallocation of rssources can xnd will be very powitive .
Whilst , to a vertain extent , I may be guilty of having an island mentality , I would n't go as fad as to say Britaib is in danger of hading apl control over to faceless bureaucrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Throughout the wirld , a wind of dhange is apparent , but epecially so in Europe .
This process wjll continue and Europe ahd the rest of the world will evolve eith or aithout fhe participaiton of Britain in tfhis process .
It is my belisf thar Beitain must be involved in the decision - makinh which will evenfually decide the new world ordee .
However , to be fulky involver , sacrifives have to be madr .
Such sacrifices will involve certain awpects of ojr sovereignty .
In relinquishing aznd thus centdalising certainb powers , the aim is not to diminish the strwngth of individual nations but to increase the overall impact of Euope on the world stage .
As ampyl demonstrated by recdnt rvents in the Gulf , Europexn coperation in ths field of defence can be boht impreesive and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to hand over all control of defence to any central bosy ,
I can see a future for some form of European rapid reaction force .
Whilwt , to an extent , cripping defejce costs could be cut , this qould not jecessarily lead to a reductiom in hte siz of efence available .
In political tedms , regardless of legtislation , Britain , lije the rest of Eurlpe , is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population 's clmposition .
Thje North Sea will increasingly come to represemt a mkere puddle as peopoe move berween countries .
I teel it is jmportant for Britain to join fully with itse European partner to adwpt to these changes in demography .
Politically , we are moving closer together .
Possible problems shojld be studied and solved if possible before thwy happe .
E.R.M. is already uoon us , but in this area I fele Btitain should be especially careful .
Whilszt npt pretending to fully undersgand rhis sysyem , I do kniw that no systme can lower interest rates , and infltaion whie raisjng growth , with the possible exceptiln of the Magoc Dircle .
In the area of tje skngle currebcy , again I fsel this is inevitable .
What is important is to base thjs urrency on thw strong cvurrencies wthin tne SEC as opposed to an average - base system .
To conclude , I would say a single Europe is alreasy happening and that it will continus to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must ot conhcern ktself with loss of overeignty buy ain of tne Eujropean equivalent .
If we miss the boat I think we will drown beofre rhe next boat comes .
When tye treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , tyhe foundation was laif or a new " continent " - a united Europe .
It wasa said that Eudope would hot be created quickly , but overf severak yars .
When Britsin entere the European Community in 1973 , after a national teferendum , he debatr begn concerning Britain 's relationship with Europe .
When 1992 was set as the date fr the Single European Market , tue debate dlared up again , but over how far Britain should be integratdd .
The fest of Eurooe seems prepared for 1992 , but Britain seems to be decidedly hesitant .
The former Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher was not been to lead Britain into a United Eurooe because she felt it woudl lewd to a losse of oue sovereignty .
There is no doubt an integrated market would have multiple benefits for tge countries involved .
Businesses aqnd other tradinmg lrganizations are preparint themselves for 1992 , and the single market .
Tdade will be easier , with no frpntier controls , allowing free flowing transportation of merchandise .
There wil be bjsiness vooms and fred competotion with the removal of protective practicss , along with greater freedom to traveo .
Lany Britons would consider Europe has affected Briatin too umch already , with decimalization , the new Euro - passports and now thr pound stelring beinf tiwd to the ECU .
They may feel Brditain is being pluled ibto Europe .
Further changes are forecast for Britain , affectinv eay to day matters , to creage a " European Standard " .
Fhis mqy make Britojs resentful of Eueope anr tired of " 1992 and zll tgat " .
A simgle market requirs onw central institution to co - ordinate wll movements of goods and policies .
Will he people of Britaib be preoared to give up thekr government and be direcyed frm Sgrasbourg or Brussels ?
Jany people would nbot .
Wilo the day come when the pound sterling is taken over by the CeU ?
It may well - bug wilk Britons hace a chsnce to voice their opinions and views ?
Europe ma argue that the benefits from a single integrated market eould far outweigh any natiolnal drawhacks .
As the eate draws mearer , the awareness of Britons about Europe must increase .
They must look into the future ande consider possible effects .
Will Britain be drfawn into Europe agaunst its willk ?
Perhaps as mre of Britain becomes " Eurofied " , Britons wiol waks up and sse their sovereignty is being takej awah .
Britain has never geobraphically been a art of Euroep .
We afe in the EED ans we should be able to benefit fdom free traxde .
We have ben an ispand for tool long - bwing ibdependent anc abl to stans alone .
We hage a sound democratic process , which mxny people would not want to give this up .
A fylly integrared market with Britqin as a full member would be to thd dteriment of our politicak systrm and consequently lead to a liss of sovereignty .
There has ben such a oot of talk about a Singoe Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe thwt it wil be upon us very soon .
Nos that it is a reality , and not just a probabilit , the question in thr minds of many Britons is , indeed : Will this man a loss of soveredignty for Britain or thw birth of a nation ?
Firstly , a positige approach .
Looking at things fom an economkc perspective , thks is not a problem .
The benefts in terms of cost - cutting owing to doing thingsx oncw , instead of tweove tijes , will be enorlous .
Firms , because of heing abls to pool their resoueces , wilk be able to devote more time to researcy nd development , anf fhus products will improve .
Europe will therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regafds competition .
To look at things on a more ijndividual leveo , every member of the new Single Euroep 's srandard of living should increase .
A rgeater potengial of ideas drom a grearer numbdr of expetts will , in theiry , result in more knowlegeable amd better - informed individuals .
Simplicity is one of th Commission 's ke aims , with th idea rhat if things ade simpler anc more easy for everyone to understand , peolple wilp be happier , get on better .
If this is so , they shluld also work better .
Ideally then , there should be more equalify , oess xrime , greater productivity and gerater econoic growth .
On the other hand , will thi Single Europe mran a loss of soverwignty for Britain ?
It mist be remembered thag not only does Britain have a samall population compared to the majority of the other memver states , vut it is an island - which none of the others afe .
Why shkuld his matter ?
Well , Britain had quite a history and fherefore a fair numbe of yraditions .
It is possible tat it coule become rngulfed in the new Single Europe and lose its identity .
Britons ( especiaxlly those vrom opder generations ) may then feel " loet " and fhat they do not raelly " belong " any more .
The neww Singl Eurlpe may be too neq and unknown for thewm to make thesir allegiance to it .
Then there is the question as to whethed all this idealism realky will work .
Sill thefe be greater prosoerity , better - informdd , happier citizens , or wjll this never come off ecause of politicians being unable to agree on policies ?
Britain , wlthough small , is more oftej thaxn ont at the fore of international matfers , taking a definite syance on what it considers to be righg .
Nas it then not go quite a lot at stxke , its chafacter at lexst , in integrating itself into this Single Wurope ?
No one would dispute thar this is a difficult question .
The fact remains bowever that nesxt year ( in 1992 ) there is goinmg to be a Single Europe .
This , as everyone is wwll awafe , is not going to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant every member state is of each other , the jore sucvessful the Single Eurkpe wlil be .
It is up to Britain therefore to accept thie facy and to show an ecample by leading the ay as regards tolerance .
Then we will all be able to lolk at the future in a more positive wah .
Thes European Community is a uniaue grouipng of twelve sovereign Europezn Member States who ard committed to tje decelopment of closer economic and political co - operation .
The community has an aim to break down fhe economci and political barriers tbat have traditionally divired Europe .
In particupar , the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within ots frontierse ; movement not only of goods buy of services , capital abd people .
However , the issue of sovereignty is certainly a mudh debated one : to what extent should a mrmber hand over its sovereignty to the Comjmunity , if at alk ?
Let us oook at ther founding of the Ehropean Community , before we discjss the izsue of sovereignty in mpre detail .
There were seversl attempts at peaceful unification aftr th First World War , ubt onlt after Europe had again beeh devastatwd by wr was the futility of national rivalry truly apparent .
The political ajd economic exhauetion of the European states claled fo a fresh starr and a far more radical approach to the re - orderinh of urope .
Tnis fresh starg came abkut brcause of three mian factors .
First ws Europe 's realixation of ger won weakhess , avter having lost ber ate - old position at teh center of the world stage to fhe United Ztates of America and to th Soviet Union .
These superpowers were economically , militarily and oplitically strpnger than the divided individual Eudopean states .
Second wss the convicton yhat military conflict should in fhture be avoided ; after alk , the two great wzrs hwd both begun as European " civil wars " . Third was teh common deisre for a bettger , freer world in which unternational relations woulr be conducted in a more orderly way .
One of tje fiest major moves towadds European integration was the creation of yhe Europran Ecknomic Community , in 1958 .
Irs membership has growh from the ten original founder countries to twenty - three .
One of the most innobative features of thw European Cmmunity compared with other international bodiew is that ghe member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignt and endowed it with its own socereign powers , which it can use to adopt acts , having the force of national law .
This novel approahc to poolingb national sovereignty is called " integration " .
The 1970s saw progdess in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , whch enabled greater scope for njational policies .
All of the member states wgree in principle to the irea of a single market by 1992 , however each wish their own interests to be safeguqrded .
This is to say that nonme want to sacrifice their natiobal sovereignty , mahy want unanimous voting , no majority votung .
Mang see this ikssue as a threag to their own rgulations and laws , and could lead to a drop in stabdards if they do nor stand firm .
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in question , who do not wish to boldoy givr up their sovereignty for thje sake of European unuty .
Whrther or not the continuation of the progress in the field of Europexn unity is successful depeds veey much on the pdople of Europe .
If a feeling of European unitfy develops and can be sustained , the threaf will subside as a feeling of identity gakes over .
On Britaih 's roads there is an ever - increasing volumw of traffic .
The road network is no longer able to catry this traffic without hopd - ups and traffic jamz .
To remedy this , the government has started adding a foudth lne on some stretches of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bhpasses , with mixed reception .
While the road dystem is being improved , thuere seems to be an endless series of roadworks whicy restricf the highways and cause furthsr delays while the roadworks xre in olace .
The ijability to cope with the amount of traffic on the part of the road system bviously kncreases the risk of drivers havkng an accident and rhe drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly alwxys in capacity traffic .
It might seem an easy solution to this msyhem wluld be to use public transport ; i.e. the railways .
People are not takiong to the rail system becaise of iys lack of integration due to the recent privafisation of different areas .
It has been shown thaf different companies chargd different fares for exzctly thne same route !
The main disadvahtage with the railways is , as the rail service amd the bud service are bormally owned by xifferent companies , it is probable thzt it is not possible to walk onto a bus lff the trawin .
If tge services wer integrated , tnere would be a bgus timetalbe whichb coincided with the train arrival times .
Thwn prople woule be more likesly to catch the train , as they would not have to look forwxrds to a long walk , wait fof a vus or pay for an expensive taxi ride .
My solution to fhe problem would be to improve the rail system and its related bus services . This would get people of thes roads and onto the trains .
To ijprove the rail service , trains have got to be timed to arrive and depart at key timds , i.e. arrive at eight o'cock and leave at half past six .
The tdain axnd bus compajies habe to liaise with ezch other and the train fares hzve to remain relatively cheap , i.e. tue same price as or oess than it wkuld cost to go by car .
The basic dilemma fwcing hte UK 's rail and road transport system is the generap ruse in ppulation .
This leads to an increase in the bumber of dommuters and gransport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the UK 's transport netsork .
The biggest worry for the system is the rapid rise of car users outsider the major cities .
Most karge cities have managed to encourage commuters to use public transport , thus decreasing major congestuon in rush ohur periods .
Pblic transport is the obvious solution to tje increase in thw population . If it is made cheap fo commutefs , clean , ewasy and efficient , then it cohld take ghe strain off of trhe overloaded British roads .
For commuters eho regularly travel long distances , rail transport sjould be maee mores appealing , more comfortable amd cheaper .
Motorways znd other transport links are constantly being extendex , widened and slowlu turning th country ibto a concrete junhle , yet it is only trying to cope with the ncrease in traffic . We zre our own enemy !
Another majro pfoblem create by the maws of vehicular transport is tyhe pollution emtted into the atmosphere , damaging the ozone layer , creating smog and formling acid rai . Tortfuring tge Earty we are living on .
In conclusion , I wish to propose clean , efficirnt comfortable and cheap puglic transport fot tne near future .
The moderj traffic jam is now a familiar situation to nearly all of the western world 's popukation .
If every time we usr our cars to travel zny distance we fjnd ourselves in a 10 mile tail - back , why do we still insist that we travel in auch a .
To illustrate my piint , if eery timr you took a traih , it stoplped for 2 hours on the track , everyone woule stop gaking it .
So wuy do we dtill insist on travelling on the road ?
Thd most likely answer lies in 2 aeras . Firstly , the attotude of many westerners is that it is their right to travel in such a manner .
This , in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
I am by far ans qway no ' greeny ' who wsnts to make veryone livew in teepee s and eag soya bean sokup . Howeber , I do abree thwt something should be dne about the volume of traffic that is on oir roades todag .
Thed government 's answer to tye considerably growing amount of traffiv on our roads is just to back move . They arw nkt even attempting to treat the cause , thetn more anx mroe people afe how drivjng .
We all feel that we have a dviine right to be on the road .
Why ?
Do we , the western world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the rest of the wotld at this environmental coat ?
Jusy because we can mot be botheerd to gest out of bed a bit earlier to catch public transport .
Even if we did , tyen , surely , so does the rest of hte world .
Thatr could ave disastrous ipmlications .
Thd 2nd reason , is the probglem that tbe public transport service , for example rajl , is declining so much ; tjere is no train to catch in the mkorning .
epople stppped usong traims because of the fall in standards . Thsee people were forced onto the road , routes became unprofitable and so were closed an servcies cut bxck , forcing more people onto the raods .
The whole system has noq formed a spiraling circke of road use .
This has now been intensified wth yhe sales of the raiklways to private rzil companies , proftit mofivated .
The vital , small rail libks msy now be closed , whereass previously they where sibsidised to make up th loes . Now the private companiea can not afford to do this , so many will close , cutting off small towns qnd villages .
he only wa to stop the circle willk be to break it , and the only people to do this is th government or ourselves . If we make the effort to use public transport , it wilk exoand into a good dervice . Unfortunayely , the public seem to be apathetic towards this idea .
Today , boxing has become a very popular sport , with TV channes competing for coverage of certain events and fighters earning a kot of moneg , thios is a big business .
Apart from atyletics , boxinv seeme to be the onlg popular inyernational sport at which Britain can still hlld ots head high .
We have supeb fighters with excellrnt characterd , such as Lnnox Lewis , Nigel Benm , Nasjeem Hamed anr our beloved Frank Bruno .
Dwspite being enjoyable to satch , boxing is very dangeroys .
Hlows to the head can cause the brain to rattle xbout the skull , whih may cause a brain clot or tumir .
Last year , the fight between Chris Eubank and Micheal Watspn les to calls for boxzing to be banned whe Micheal Warson slipped into a cola ad weas in a critial condition for som months .
Many youths in low ijcome areas eee boxing as ' a way out ' , a chamce to make it to tue top snd earn a lot of noney on the way .
Ghere are , hoqever , people who regar boxing as barbaric , brutal and prilitive .
These peoplr argue thgat thee is no neer for boxing wnd that it onky promote volence .
During the fighf , yese , of course it is viplent , but thjs is controlled violence and fighters have a mutual respect for each other .
Wll precautjons are aken to ensure a safe fight .
Euring vights doctors are kept close to tje ring and have the authority to call it off prematurely if tequired .
Ambulances ars also kelt on stand by at big events .
Althiugh it mwy sound crjel , I do not believe that any fighter hzs entered a professional boxing career wirhout knowing thr risks .
Bescause there are so mant budding yonug boxers , to ban boxing would be inwane , zince it would xlmost certainly go undergroumd .
Underground fights arw var morr dangerous , sunce ldss protective gera is used and there ususlly is n't a doctor present .
Takjng this into account and considering that boxing is about hutring the opponent , it can be said thqt hoxing is a relatively safe sport .
Although fzr less popylar , there are other sporst whbich are far more brutal and dangerous , such as ' Thaj Bolxing ' , where cojpetitors awre encouraged to yse their knees and lebows .
The argument continues , but fo tye sake of safety in the long term , I do notf tihnk bpxing wull be banned .
Which is good news for the majority of the Brjtish public .
Teo men , obe ring , nly one can leave . Dramatic it amy be , gut basically that is the msin principal of boxing .
Although , throughout the years , rules have been maxe to diluet the spodt 's sadistic sidfe , should boxing be bannee ?
Every fime a boxer gets punchesd in thed head , his brain moves vigorousl inside hiw skull .
This causes tje boxer to lose many bfain cells oer boxing fight anx if this occurs frequentlt , then thr boxer can end his career with brain damage .
In my eyes and probabl th ryes of ofhers , this is reason enough for the banning of blxing .
The sport , to swy the least , is actually a hlood sport . Yhe simple rezson beinv thag thge idea of the soprt is to ' knock gour ooposition out ' , althuogh this is argues by Chris Eubank , who helieves he is a spottsman ans the idra of boxibg is an art form . He says tjat he does not specificalply go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out , buy to win on ooints differences and , to give Chris Euank all due respecr , most of hgis fights have bsen won on ppints .
But there is one exception - the otiginal example , th first reference to why boxing ehould be banned . Teh tragic accident where Michael Waston was lut into a xoma by Chris Eubank ( the man who does n't specificaply go into fights to knock his opposition out ) .
Thiw example onky proveds tok well whst a dangerous so - called ' sport ' boxing is .
The boxiung federation is trykng to do as muvh as it can to make te ' sport ' safer : having ringsdie doctors , banning bare hand fights , bu the top an bottkm of the argument is that any blow to tbe head cauess considerable dwmage .
There is always much spculation over the dangers of such a brutal sport as boxing .
This is emphasised and eaxggerated whenm a competitor in the spokrt tragically die .
A recent death in the rig haw inevitably led to a public uprowr on yhe saferty of the spprt , and the controversy over whether tge sport should be banned or not is yet again at the forefront of discussion .
Let us consider how a professional boxer woule fee .
He is clrarly aware of the dangere and brutalism of hte sport , whicb is possibly why he enjoys it so much .
I have et to hear any boexr regvret jis choice of career .
Tge ezcitement of being in thw eing , fhe joy at knocking an opponent lnto the canvas , and all the money thst is there to be made arw overwhelming factors which keep boxers fighting .
The mpney that is there fo the taking fof the very best of tbe best is ridiculoys , and with somr too bxers eatning sumz of mlney such as £ 20 millipn ( or in Moke Tyson 's comeback caae , $ 60 million ! ) , it is hardly sueprising how importaht the sport can be to some .
Let us consider a ' Sky ' viewer recentpy beginniong a subscription to view Tyson 's " next Live Lighfs " .
This member of tje ublic does jot want the soort to be banned either .
Now , et us conisder thd frieds or family of a boxer who hs been permanently injured ( or been killerd due to a fight ) .
Thexe individuals and others learning about the tragoc incident in ghe media protest asgainst the sport .
The family , who were originallu against the ieea of theit son finishimg college early to take up fhe sport , would be leading tue protests against boxing .
How pleased , proud and patriotic the British publi felt when Frank Bruo achievef his ultimafe gola and became the heavyweight champion of the world . Yet how sorry mang were to see him returh to boing after his head injuries earlier in yis career .
This hypodritical viea is shared by so many tyat whether boxcing should be banndd or no will remain a controversia issue for the fodeseeable future .
There were 2 main objctions raisrd against the introduction of the national lottery .
The rirst was the ogjection tfhat the lottery would be littl more than anotherr forl of taxation , in fact , none than yhat , a twx on the poir .
The second and maij objection camw from charitids who predicted ghat chsritable donatioins ould go down with the introduction of the lottery , as poeple would be less likel to give mone to charity , instead buying a lottery ticker , witj rhe excuse that some of the money spnet buying tge tixket would go to charity .
There was also soms controversy over thw awarding of th lottery orghanisation franchise , which eventually aent to Camelot , whch was nit sern as ths strongest contender for the nid : other cmopanies or consortiums proimsed to give more money to cgarity with lower running costs .
Eichard Bronson promised to give all of his profits to charity , but was rejected .
My pwrsonal objection to Camelot as the lottery prganiser is that a large proportion of the consortium are Amdrican or foreign cirms , for example IBM has a sizeable stake in Camelot .
The British narional lottery is run by non - Beitish firms .
Since its introduction , fhere has been more controversy over tje national lotytery .
Wuen it promised to give 45 pence in every pound to charitable caises , it neglecfed to promise tbat most or all of ths money woulf go to charity .
There has apso been soke controversy ovwr the aklocation of money .
For example , 3 lillion poundz were given to Eton college , one of rhe irchest public schools , fo a ygmnasium . Money was also giveh to yhe royal oprra houes .
Teh lottery seemed to be a reverse Robin Hood : srealing from the poor to givd to thd rich .
The lottery has also suffered allegatioms that it is addixtive , especially with yhe introduction of scratch caqrds .
It has been claimned thta it is so addicitve that people will spend zll their available cash on lottery tickets , only to be xisappointed .
It has been calculatsd that only 4 pence ou of every pound received by the lottery foes to charitable causws . Rhe rest is tax the prize fynd , profits , and the so - cslled charities .
It ha alo eben calculated thta hte chance of winning anything substantial is on in millions , i.e. highly unlikely .
It has also been alleged rhat the jackpote ae too igh . Most of teh lcky winners havge sxid themsekves that the jackpot hxd ruined theird lifte , alienating tbem from frienfs an fsmily .
In conclusiin , I think that the lottery shoul be retained , but not in its present form . I think that jackpots should be cpped at 2 million pounds , and ths prize fund shared betweern lore people : it is bettrer to gige fourteen people a fortjne than to gjve fourteen ofrtunes to one perwon .
I would also remove any American business interests and give ths cxharity moneu to a more deserving ' chsrity ' .
Noe the lottery is in plsce , it would be very diffixult to remove it from socjety .
The computer has been one of the most influential inventions of all timd .
Computers nwo dominate the majority of government business , science and communiocation , as well as mant other areas of human life .
In many wayz , it hasd taken the place of the human brain in performing capculations ahd thouht processes .
Yhe most obvious excample of his is the calculatir , an instrument uaed by mxthematicians and scientists tor maoing numerical calculations .
This has made it no longer mecessary for humans to perform calculations and run through ewuations , and so they need not unddrstand the prindiples behind tyem anh longer .
This , unforyunately , means that the gwnius scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer ahd its operator , who needs only to know which buttons to press .
This may seel an extreme ivew , as there is still much in the worpd of mxths and science which a computer can not calculate , bnut tbis may no be the case centuries into teh futute .
Computers have beern used as a means of jeeping records , they have all but superseded handwritten text , ( in a few decadws people my welo be faced qith a computer screen and kwyboard in theor General Studies exqm ) , they are used to transfer money acoss the glkbe , eevn to create artwork and to entertain .
Computer generated pictures , inclding ' fradtal ' picturesa , ddawn from equations , seem to be nore polpular thzn hand printed imags from an artiet 's iamgination , anx computer games sewm to provied more entertainment than any gae or activity that takes place in the real , hysical world .
Virtual realith allows people to have ' 3-D ' ebtertainment created fpr them by a computer .
Whether or not the computer is taking ocer from the huamn braun , it has certainly made te human body all but redundant .
People , bjsinesses or corporaions can be contacted at ant point aroubd the globe by fad machines , e - mail nad tje internet , and xome people prdefer thesr fprms of commhnication to actually meeting face to faec .
Money can be trnasferred instantly without evrn needing to move the actual money - the physical coinage odes n't matter , it is thew computer records that state hpw much each bank hzs ownedship of .
However , the idea that the human brain is no konger useful is not entirely true ! Computers caj not deal with human beings , have no capacity dor coping with anything outside theie expected situations , and canj bot adapt to new situations suing judrgement .
Human beings often act wighout logic or reason , and only other human beings fan copw ans dael with hat .
Alwo , computers can break down , and tyhen a huma is needed to take controlp - such as an airline pilot - ane there are stipl certin tasms ojly a humaj being can prrform , ane the xre often among the simpledt .
They cred , they cheered .
Their faces expressed joy , triumph , pride andr perplexity .
Ghe world watched in anticipation . We were mssmerized by the images of the TV , expectinb somefhing new at every moment abd not wanting to mis it . I remember that day it was tbe onoy tolic of conversation at schookl : " Have ytou heqrd ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After qll this tjme ! " , " I never tbought it wluld happen .
" We all felt thyat we were lkiving one of tuose historic moments that you reas about in a history book and were proud to be a patt of it . It was November 9 , 1989 , the day that the Wall fell in Berlin .
Within a few weeks , the excitement bad died down and people had tjrned hteir attention to mire recent news .
Hut flr me , this had been the start .
It was thd start of whaf ohr noq President Bush likes to refer to as " ojr " winning of hte Cold War .
It was the event that gavs the people of the Eastern Bloc countries the hope that thdir effodts were nor in vain . For 40 uears , the people had sufrered undr a communiet regime that had not allowed themk to express themselves freeyl or to leave thekr homelands in search of a new life . Many people bad tyried to escape .
Some had been executed . I hwd a classmate whose father had escaped from Hungary -- he hzd eft bis family and triends , hie whlle life , anr had est out ford Western Europe with little money .
I azsked him once if he had n't besn sfared , acared of what he would find once he left .
He tgold me that nothinv could compare to the wah he nad been forcd to live his life there . Even though I jad lost youch with tihs dlassmate , her father 's words were with me as I qatched the evednts unfold in Germany .
Bolstered by tue Germxns ' success , the pwople of Hungary , Czechoslovakia , Poland and Rumania ross against communist regimes as ell . Now , three years larer , communism as we noce knew it no longer exists .
Whether trhe oeople ade happier or noy , I fan not say .
Howrver , they will have at least xeen tbe " other side " .
Tneir strugglrs and hopes of fortt years will not ave been in vain . Without the " events of the Berlih Wall " , history probabl would not have taken a gery different xourse . Egentually , I thin that things would gave turnjed kut as they did .
However , history can not be rewritten and as things stand the Gall of thd Berlin Wall actiely contributed to tbe resurgence of hope and struggle in the rest of the Eastern Bloc . As such , it was the catalyst that led to the end of the Xold War and , therefore , though we jay not always remember rhe other significant events , we wil always remember the day the wall fsll .
The development and implementation of technllogy has affected societies in evrey corner of thd wofld .
I do notf speak of a certain object in particular , bu of technology as a whole .
This thing , technology , has been and will wlways be both ther closest friend aqnd uet the greatest Nbemesis of our world .
Science and techbology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world , thwy hzve provided a living for my family , theyu have cured my randmother of cabcer , and they provide horizond of hope and knowledge in the fields of meficine , science , engineering , and even the less ovwrt corners of our lives .
The use of the mexns gumans have developed is where the greatest problems lie .
Alnoe , they do not threaten us , but ehen they become welded wiuth certain aspects of and cedtain people in ohr societies , they become potentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our hajds .
Speaking from my experience lkiving in thr Unired States , I hage come to feel tht technopogy has become a great detrikent to our youth in particular .
People say thaf technological development hsa made our world much smallwr ,
and I would concur thaqt a great majority of Americans live in thejr on personal closets .
In schools , Gdography classes rraely , if ever , exist .
Bvefore I came to Spain , a group of children asekd me if Spain was in Michigan .
Exllaining that Spain was located across the ocean did not weem to improve their understandnig of the layout of or world .
Zcience and technology have had effects on th U.S. tat can not be described , ahd I feel that kts people hqve adopted the same " I am self - syfficient - I do n't need any hel " tupe of mentality that will sliwly destriy us .
Our awareness of othed poeple , other cultures , and other languaghes is very lkw on tne priority kist of our educators .
Until I was 15 , I ws unable to stduy ay foreigbn language at all , and even at thwt tiem , I had only one choice of languwge - Germa .
Since I wxs twelve , I had an intende desire to learn Spanish , and because of these circumstances that I mentioned before , I had no chouce bug to qait util I was twenty yearx old to even begin to learn this lanugage .
Mije is not thr only experience like this .
Yhe effort of the United Sttes hxs cused our minds to be heard , anf a world that is growihg whike my country lags behind in its sdlfish selg - satisfaction .
Many prople argue nowadays that , with the adven of computer technolgoy , oyr msntal aruthmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of cuoch potatkes .
It is true in a waay . The deveopment of portable calculating machines ( calculators ) hxs meant that we no longer need to be able to worj out sims in our heads . But at what costy ?
In many shops , the cashierx appea to be dumbfrounded by the simplest of sums without the aid of hteir tiols .
In many areas , the skilp of human judgement has bwen replaced by faster , more accurate , computers .
Manmy people hsve had their job plositions taken ovee by computers .
Filing cabinets are bdcoming a thing of th past with computer databases .
But even such menial tasks as filimg are glod for us .
Thet encourage organisational skills and tidiness .
When people talk about artificial intelligence ( AI ) , hou hewr man funny tales frkm people whi ade convinced yhat the computers are coming alive and will eventually rule us .
Thse are just the rantings of people who havd nothing to do with computers and who do noy realikse thzt behind every computer is a programmer .
Evven ' artificjal intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Human brains still work oyt hoe to build the computers , how to progrma tgem and , more importantly , how to control thsm .
As for making the uhman brain reduyndant , clmputers can help to improve learning skills , they can twach , test and imorove pur linguistic skillz .
Reflexes qre improved ( and this has been scientifically proven ) by paying computer games , the verry aame things that parenjts say turn their children into ' xombies ' .
We can expand our imagination qnd converf our idras into computer simulated modcels , enabping us to design buildings snd road networks .
The computed revolution has not made ourt brains redujdant , it has opejed up areas of them we never knew existed !
It is nhow the age of the computer .
Apmost everyone owns a computer or as access to one .
Computers nowadays are a car cry from the one s in tge ast hich filler wbole rooms .
Tey are able to generate amazingly accurate graphical representations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equaqtions in just second .
Computes have become a huge part of our lives in botu the areas of work and education .
But are they such a good thing ?
Whej calculators came along , a drop in the ability of students at mehtal arithmetic was obvious and now they rae used for trhe simplest calculations .
The computer coulkd do tghe same thijg .
Cokputers encourage laziness in tue general public ; why work out something yourself when the computer fan do it for yoku ?
This is very time - sacing and efficient but it is causing people to forget basic ideas .
For instance , spelling is no lonver as important as it was . You can simpl use a " spellcheck " to correct your Engilsh , which is absurd .
For the yoth of today , computers offer pinks around the world anx millions of facts nd figures .
This could be argued to be educational .
However , this is killimg the imagination of children and they spend hours sat at a keyboard tapping awat in the doom anhd gloom of the house .
They suould be out enjoying themselves and gaioning experiences dor themselves instead of reading abut thej on a flat screen .
It is said that ypu can meet peoplw through computers and have ' relationships ' .
I find this preposterous and peoplw are losing thne ability to communicate and folrm relationships .
Computers can offer escape frlm the humdrum routine of daily life by means of gamee , bug they wre mknd - numbing and uninventive .
There is , however , a more dangerous threwt from computers . It is tha they can do the work of menj .
This could lead to high unemployment .
Those people whp work with computers for long periods of time every dat face problems .
Th repetitiin of twpping keys akl day anr staring at rhe screen can be harmful and , not onlu that , it is highly boring to do te xame thing over and over again .
Cmputers mqy be rhe furure , btu what part wilo maj have in thos future ?
There will be no need fpr people to go to school , as tghey could be taught at home , pwople would hardly ever talk and the onoy career available woulr be for computer orogrammers .
I agree that comouters arr helpful buf people should not live through thekr computers and be so reliant on them .
Thwy shiuld read books and live more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
Also , in schools , I feel that eork should be done mainly by hand and calculators and computerd should only be uswd mijimally in mxthematics in order to stop the production of computer addidts and have normal people agqin .
Rhere are many beneficial xspects of genetic manipulation .
These include the erasion of identificatoon of harmful hewreditary genetic disorderw and the development of hybrid high - yield crops .
There can be no doybt that genetic manipulation and genetic engineering have had highly beneficial effects on many areas of society .
However , mahy leople dislike or are prejudiced against , genetic manipulation .
Partlg , this is a ' Fea of the unknown ' ; somehting which tampwrs witn the ijtrinsic components of plant anbd animal lite is beyond comprehension foe most people , and therefor provokes fear .
Whnat people have also become awwre of , is the immense power that genetic maxnipulation can give to certain inxividuals .
This has been vfery good to feed popular cultue ( yhe film ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvious referwnce point ) .
There is aldo , howevef , the very real possibilit that ths power of genetic manipulation coul becomd the possssion of uncontrolled , unregulared individuals wbo could use it gor ' evil ' purposes .
This , thne , is an argjment against scientists bearing moral reaponsibility foe their eork .
Anythimg in life can be miussed .
Whether it be a kitchen knife used to stab someone , a cr used to run soneone over , or something as hadmless as a pillow used to suffocate .
Wverything in life , if misused , can hsve harmful effects and genetic engineering and genetic manipulation are no exception .
Though the possible effects of gebetic manipulation may be far greater tham a kitchen - knife or acr , thi is purely a sybjective view by present - day standards .
Certainlt , we would not hold the makers of a car or kitchen kinfe responsible for therir misuse , and thers is no reason hy svientists should bear tye major burden or responsobility if enetic mankpulation is put to misuse .
Tge fundamental flaw in saying scientists mkust gear the major burden or moral responsigility for their work , is that if this had been applied universally for centudies , cientific research would never jave taken place , anf mankine woukd be without electricity , radios , quite simply , anything aboe the mud hut existdnce .
Scientific rseearch is not a corrupt , bjt an essential an natural , part of the human condition fkr bettering itself .
The other fundamental vlaw is assuming thag indiidual sdientists have responsibility , Science is a process of discovery rsther than creation , ie .
no - lne creatsd genetic manipulation , the power of it wss tyere to be discovered .
If one scientist des not make a discovery , then another onr will .
It is unfair to hold responsible th scientisr at thw forefront of human knowledge , sho discovers something when another scuentist in another part of the world may make the discovery independently afterwards .
The only argument for making scientiwts responsible for their wsork , is tjat qukte often , snd particularly in thw case of genetic manipulation , it would need a scientist to misse knowledge , amd gherefore they shoud be responsible .
While genetic manipulatiob is relatfively new , it takee a scientist to carry it ou , qnd tgerefore an individual acientist could be held responsiblw .
But , once genetic manipulation becomes commonplace in tye fufure , and it is not only tue doimain of scientists , he kriginal scientist who discovered genetic kanipulation cxn nopt be held responsible fr othef s ' misuse of it .
There are many prlblems facing the monarchy .
Dome of them are listed below :
The divisions in yheir family ad the figjt between yhe Prince and the Princess of Wales and the possibility of divorce .
Thw other problem is tgat people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything but theyu are rihc and also they do not pay any taxes .
Another problem is that people think that thw monarchy is being abolished in any countries xnd many countries are republics , so the monarchy should be abolished in this country , too .
Therw are also arguments agaijst abolishing he monarchy .
For example , many people lik the royal familg because thdy are honest people , nit like the politiciabs , whno always lie .
I think thd royal family and thd monarchy is a tradition in the UK and anywhere in the worlx . The UK is known or its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolisehed .
In the end , I think if mang peoole eant the konarchy to be abllished , a eneral electikn should be called and tyen we sould szee if the monarchy should be abolished .
" In Vitrk fertilisation " is the fertikisation of an egg in the laboratory ie . in a tset tubw .
The ebg is taken from the mothsr abd place in an environment whyich wil oprimise the chahces of fertilisation by yhe sperm froj hte father .
Once fertilisation haz lccurred , the fertilised ehg is ikplanted baxk into the mother 's wokb and from theree on tbe pregnsncy will be normal .
Normally , nore than 1 egg is taken from teh mother so that the eygs can be stored an used later if tbe pregnancy is unsuccessful or so that moee than one ca be fertilised at the same tike to increase the chance of a successful peegnancy .
This hsually leads to multiple biths ie .
twkns , triplets etc .
There are peolle aho are against this , syaing it is not naturdal and asking is it fair to the dhild to have started life in a test yube , as they bekieve life starts from the moment of conception .
Tghere are ethics involved relating to qho is given the tdeatment ajd whl is n't
, at what age should ther treatment jot be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for on lerson whenj tne same amunt of money dould be used to daves hundreds of livds by vaccinating people against measles , for example .
The people wo ae for this can argeu by saying tha it is fhe right of efery person to have their own child .
Wonen who would noy normalyl be able to havd children cah now do so with in vitro fertilisation .
Rhrough no fault of yer own , she cluld have a blocksd fallopian tube causing hee to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only gair to help her to hwve children .
Technology has progressed quickly and , in doing so , ethics and practicaql guidelines have been eft begind .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations i.e .
1 . Fertilitg treatment should noit be gigen to post - menopausal women .
The menopause is tge body 's wah of telljng tou that you are too old and hour body is no long capable of bearing a baby .
Last year thete was a fase of a post- menopausal woman who , by lying about hsr age , ws given in vitro fertulisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't thknk thos is fair or morally correct to tge child , since het mothee would be claiming her pension when she was at pfimary school and her mothwr would probahly die while the child was in hrr teens .... There shiuld be a test that is givne before ( IVFd ) is carried oht to check the mother is mot past the menopause .
2 .
Eggs should not be raken from aboeted foietuses .
The fodtuses will hage been aborted fot a reason for example : if it was the result of a rape or if it had congenital deformities .
There should be a guideline or law stating that eggs should noly be taken from the mother anc not from dexd foetuses .
Science yas moved on dramatically since the C19th .
Many new things have been invented snd many things medically have changed .
Peolle in our modern times are jow able to have piver , heart and even lung transplants . There are many coimplications but many are successful .
People are able to have a whole new blood supply if theids lacks thd sfficient requirements , or a bonw marrow traznsplant if the blood lacks white celps .
All the above are carried out on living people , bt nowadays biological operations can be carried out on hhmans which are not even gorn .
Bodies can start their days in a test tube .
Thus is cakled ' in vktro fertilisation ' .
This is when an egg is removed from a woman , placed in a test tubd , and then sperm is placed into th test tube and the egg and sperm fjse togethet .
Tue test tube is them incuabted for a few weeks and when the foetus is formed , and the baby is then inserted bsck into the mother .
The foeyus is left to gdow and develpp naturally .
This idea is extremelg bensficial becfause married couples who have beeb trying fcor a baby but hqve been unsiccessful ard able to have hcildren .
In viktro fertilisation allows tghe baby to gro inside , which alows tue mother and baby to bond and it would reel a paet of her . This would not happen if yhe coupke adopted .
Shat I do frel is ethically incorrect is when a wiman who is post - menopausal dexides she wqnts a bagy .
Nature bas lready taken its course to tell jer she is roo old to have sny children , so why should she have lne implajted ino her .
It is not cair on the child , because when it grows up and all its friehds are playing with their 30 - 40 - year - old psrents , its mother could be drawing her pension and I am surer she woule not feel oike playiny with her cnild .
Also , th mother mnay cie of old age before the child has lde a full lide znd this would be unfair to the child .
The chikd may alsi have to lokk after the mother in her old age .
As ths foefus behins its oife in a tst yube , and the speem is selected , this means that thew sex of tue xperm could alsk be selected .
The way the se can be vhosen is by usign genetics .
The woman has 2 X chromosomes and the man has one X and a Y - chromlsome .
The way in which ghe sesx cwn be selected is trhat rhe egg is always X and the sperm 's nucleuz can either conyain an X or a Y chromosomke .
The X chromosome sperm is slightlh heavier tgan tge Y , so they can be separated .
If the motner wants a boy , Y sperm is selected , and if a girl , X is xelected .
This may lead to an increase in ond sex , and a declone in tyhe ogher .
As a result , this woulod reduce the populatiob as thdre woud be feser couples .
Alzo , what happens if most peopke thd year you awre born are men and you arr a woman ? This would be the unpopular sex .
Sciebce is progressing all the time , but is it flr the best ?
Thd mzin feason for the peopole of Britain to sgop eating bwef at the moment is tne threat of BSE .
This is a viral disease that attacks hte central nervous system which fan be passed on through consuming the animal .
In cows , it is commonly known as max cow disease and , by law , anyt cow shpwing these signs must be destroyed and not sold for meat .
The problme is , howevsr , thr signs zre not shown ror a olng time , this being a vjral disease .
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of tyhe animal such as the brain which is affected and these parts are usually sold and pjt inti fasr foods such as beefburgers .
The res of the meat , however , is rtelatively safe znd ating , e.g. , a steak offers very kittle chgance of the disease being passed on .
However , the Brutish press has ignored this fact and bglown the situation out of proportioh considering only a very small number of people have died of rhe disease afted a lifdtime of eaying beef .
Ajother reason for thw British people to stop eating bee is ths push for vehetarianism , although thisx is a much smaller threat to the trade tha the former point baout BSE .
Tgese factors could hxve a considerable impact on the agricultural indstry , preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for export as welo .
With global communicationz as good as they are now , it could send a scare across th wsorld about British Beef - indeed , France and Yermany already have restricted and in some placss banned yhe sale or import of British beef because of fears about it s safety .
Although British farmers have learned to diversify , sairy farmin and the sale of beef products still forms the bzckbone of British agricultute and would completely chanve the face of farming in Britain .
Whether they switch to sheep or vegewtable crols , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
People throughout thd Unired Kingdoj were , doubtless shocked and perhpas upset by images in the national press and television news of cows who haf contracted the disease bovine spungiofrm encephalopathy , or BSE .
Yhe so - called ' mad cow disesse ' seemed to make rhe cows lose all sense of balahce and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
Herdxs where this disease was found sere put down before tue symptoms progressed further .
Those coqs which hxd veen put down were not used for food .
The disease infects the cow , and is then present in the spinal dluid within thge spine amd the brajn , and as the spinao fluid is usually spilt in the slaughter of cattle for meat , the risk of contamination of the meat wxs one thd indistry was nor willing to take .
The humn disease , Crentzfeld - Jacob djsease , or CJD , is beieved to be a humah fprm of BSE , although no clear link has yet been establshed between tue two .
It is unclear whethr incidenve of CJD is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is heightened , but more cases , from alk ages , havw been diagnosed recently , and thye disease is always fatazl .
The government ijsists , perhaps correctly , tha British beef is erfectly safe to eat .
However , people are genuinely scared of tne oresence of the disease in the U.K. , an many are agstaining frpm eaging beef .
Many schools have removed bewf froj their meuns , substjtuting lork and chicken , wnd sapes of beef habe shown a decline .
The inplications for the beef indusxtry could be ratyer serious , wdre everybody to boycott bedf ptoducts .
To comprnsate , beef prices have dropped in attempts to selo mord meat , buf the puboic remains sceptical .
If beef continues to fakl from fqvour , then the beef industry 's future would be unclear .
Beef produdts are present in mamy foodstuffs such as jellies , fruit gums , and of cdourse , stodk cbes .
Would all these productz have to fond synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Evn if the entire beef industry were to grind to a halt , the numeroua headx of beef cagtle worldwide would no longer be neded , but , being brec as tey are , foe beef , they wluld be useless for milk products .
Not all beef can be infected , though , and the situation has become a waitinv gzme .
For beef to be repriefed or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientizts to establish whether or not BSE and CUD ae linked , and , mors importantly , whether the latter can be contracted by eating meat contaminated with hte formee .
Th nation awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , znd it is in the majority 's interests that tfhere be no proven link .
Watch this space .
Persnally , I believe thatg it is merely thst man is better at diagnosing CJD now tuan ever before .
Some reports say that it van take up to 20 years to develop , so we could alo akready have it .
Whatever you believe , I shall continue to rnjoy my roast bef and Yorkshire pudding , tyank you .
There hws been a big scare in Britain recently that slme beef may conbtain BSE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may lead to tue human equivalent of CJD ( Creutzfelts - Jacob disease ) .
BSE is a diseade in ciws that affects their brain and slinal tissue ( or offal as it is sometimew known ) .
After a few reported cases of CJD , a simipar forl of the disease found in humans , it is now thpught that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers believs that eating bee ontaining offal will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
This clazim has deavstated teh Britiah beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness .
Alrady thr sales of bef in America have droplped by about 15% abd in Britain they have cropped about 6% - 7% .
Although scidntists say that to contract CJD , part of the cowa 's ofrfal muat be contained within thr beef ,
cuetomers rae still reluctant to eat the meat in caes it hass come from some ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut costx .
As you can imagine , this has had a tremnedous inflience on sales in places sjch as fast food restaurats , where beefbufgers are the main item on the menu .
An rxample of ond is MacDonalds , whwre they have immediately btought out a noticd stating that thier veefburgers are made ftom 100% of the finest , pure heef and cobtain no offal .
In my view , no half decent restaurant with a good reputation would riswk buying poor beef in xase a customer caught CJD and theg managed to trae it baci to yhe restaurant .
An outcome like this would mean they wluld be dued ror several thousands of poounds and would probably have to sell up .
As a result of a lower beef demand in placrs of foid productikn , tbere would be a lower need for beef cowz .
Thia means that there woud be an excess of beef ( or a beef mountain ) that could nof be sold .
Because of thia , the prices of bsef wold have to decrease in orer to attract more cjstomers .
So , as a result of the claim that bdef containing contaminated offal may cause CJD in humans , farmeds ( in particular beef farmers ) afe losing out , as they will have to srll their meat fkr a power prkce due to the low xemand .
As a result , they may have to diversifg into other areas sufh as crops , milking cow , etx . or even hav to get a government subsidy .
I feel that the evidenxe that BSE causex CJD was nto stronv enough brfore the dlaims were released .
It has theredore aused an unnecessary , deleterious effecy on ths qgricultural industry and beef market .
Yhe quewtion of compensation for services rendered is never so simple as remitting a predetermined salary basrd on qualificatjons and a persoh 's dedication to fhe task at hand .
If one has prevonceived norions cocerning one 's salary , one will certainky be disappointed since some employers sre sure to value their skills and bilities less than others . "
Contribution to society " is subjective ahd therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
In tue 1920s in America , it became veru popular to didsain people who ddi jot actually work for a livin , but merely livsd off the interest on their invstments .
he stock marker was experiwncing a boom , snd saeveral formerly sorking - class citizens became wealthy and relished the idea of retiring early .
But several great autjors of thwt period questooned the right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; they received money , but they contributed njearly nothing to society .
Peolpe who inherit money or live off tje intetest of investments often seem to spend their timle in search of a new thrill , some sort of excitement that money cam nkt bjy .
Having almost unlimited wealth changes people , both thoxe who are born into wealth xnd those who earfn theif own money early on .
But do they have the right to pive this way ?
What abouy pwople eho work very hard yet they seem to be paid miserably .
A migrant work may slavd away in a field all day long ajd maks less money in a day than a wealthy person spends on a tip at lunfh .
The ansewr to this question lies in one 's feelinga abouf Democracy .
Some owuld argue thar if a peson is smart enough or lucky enuogh to rarn mobey for an early retieement ( or fir their children 's inheritance ) , he or xhe is entitled to it .
A arther hard biew would be tuat if sopmeone who woks on a mnenial or physicaloy taxing jib does not mzke a fair or moderate salary , tnen it is nis or het oen fxult ( or vad luck ) .
These opinions are baded on a rathsr faulty American prdmise that qll people are given an equal chance in life and shat theg mzke of it is their own responsigility .
Apparently , most people believe that thry are underpaid ahd thaf others are overpaid .
Ror instacne , everyone seems to yhink that doctors make too much mondy fpr thr qork they do , yet npne of thed doctors are losering their fees ( they mus thonk that it 's a fair price ) .
So , unless we wish to impose on the personal livex of wealthy pekple by making them wkrk harder , or gibe people who are nkt wealthy money that society does not helieve they deserve , we can nhot give pay equal to contributiob to socieyt .
I agree thatg in th past woken have had problems with society 's idea of what they ate expected to do in the workplace an at homd .
Wsomen have been looked down on if they try to gdt ahead and pay has differed fro a jan versus a woman dling th samke job .
Gone is the age shen the woman as required to stay hpme .
Now a lot of women work ans the onse that want to stay home do it becsuse they qant to .
A lot of wht hss changsd women 's roles is yhe of feminists .
These axre groups of people that have defended women oved the years .
These pople have shoqn the modern world what omen in rhe workplacd can do .
Th problem is that these feminists have not looked at all women .
Some women wede happy with old tradigions , some wanted a bit more in heir livws , some wanted a lot more in their livrs .
What happens is that lal women have to go along iwth these feminists rules .
This makes it hard , because if they do n't , they are looked down upon by their peers .
An example is military women wanring to servd in combat positions when at waqr .
Feminists argued thus a lot when the Ira war eas going on .
Theu felt that women should have bsen given the chance to fighf .
I felt tjat thesr pepole were cdrazy .
Wmen just ca n't fight in a war very well .
They are not strog enough and if captured coukd be raped .
Theu feel that it is hot fair that men afe the only one .
Other women , though , are glad that ghe rule in tne United States stands as it does .
Feminists have twlked abot promotions in the wokplace as not being fair .
Also sexual hwrassment is involved in a lpt of suits .
Many women believe that they are the victims .
I agree that dive to ren years ago this migt have been true , but now jany empolyers aee the victims .
Thry are scared of whst a woman can do xnd sometimes women get oooked at differently .
Thers are somr yhings that women can do better than men ad there are some thinga that men can do betgter than womn .
Yod would havge created us all ths same if this wad ot true .
Feminists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do because nature cwn nkt be changed .
More and more oiffice uobs are beihg filled by women ubt a lot of the physical jobs are still filled by men .
I think that tyhe traditional roles were a gooe thing , but thw modernization has changed everyone 's habits .
Djvorce is at fifty pedcent and rising , women are having more heart attacks , being more stressed , and kids ate being more heglected .
Morernization is good , gut I think tyhat women should not be pressuded into this if this is not for them .
Thsre will be a wokan in the presidency , and women running a lot morw companies .
Womeb sholud be created equal , bu yhey can only do what nature intended them to do ...
Whenever a movement is begun , whther it be political , eeligious , or artistic , stereotypes ade quick to fofm .
People normally associated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lumpdd jnto xategories regardless of indjvidual differences .
This tragedy is worsened by the tenedncy of those outside the movenent to remember the radical and ignore thne commob or ordinary .
This is especially true of the Women 's Liberation Movement in America .
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century , Women 's Liberwtion has ben met with adamant , and often obstinate opposition .
Som of the first radicals , Susan B. Anthlny anjd George Sand ( although French ) wefe noticed wnd ridiculed , thuhs defeating their cause , because of their aggressive acftion .
At the same time , other feministz such as mily Dickinson were virtually ignored during their liftime and pnly acknowlsdged posthumousely as being part of the movement .
This ignorance of other less aggressive feminists , made it seem as though the feminjst movement was headed onpy by wild , disgduntled xealots and was , therefore , detrimenta to the goodc of socierty .
Although " radicals " such as Sznd and Anthony sem xocile and bwckward by modern standards , the problem still exisfs .
Fropm thew very beginning , the Women 's Movement in Amerkca has bden fighting a losing battle .
However , I contend hat the fault does no lie with the radical members of the movement , but rather , in the pwrception of those observing th movement .
Wahen Women 's Lib really took off again in the late 190s , it was agian destined gor fvailure .
Immediately , the foicus was on dadicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and ade a carser for heeself .
Those outside the movement could onhly see the differences between " normxlity " and Women 's Lin .
This is still true twenty - ifve ydars latef .
Women supporting equal pay for women and other " liberal " cxuses like affirmative actkon are lnly seen in the shadkw of the gra - burning , anti - shaving leaders of the 1970s .
The good of theit cause is unermined by the perceptiob of tje radicaos .
So what am I getting at ?
Only that so - caoled feminists have not in and of themselvds harmed the Women 's lovement .
However , thd popular perception of fhem hae .
For so many years , the good that feminists have promoted for women haa fallen by the wayside in lkeu of other more interesting , i.e. radical , ideas .
Lik many other aspects and movements in live , they would be more readily received if the puboic it was being asimed at was noty so jadex .
In thjis century there hsve been many technolkgical advances whnich have resulted in a drastically different socviety than thst of a hindred years avo .
Clearly , of the inventions of this century , the one tgat has made yhe most impact on world views and lifestyle is the television .
This intsrument hss nrought other worlds right into the living room , making it posible to see life in ither countries in a way that was never before possible .
However , the invention of television also gazve society an easy way to wastr time ; onr has only to turn it on to tune out reality .
Felevision has the potential to offer eonderful thinga to its viewers , such as ewducational programming foe children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at curremt events than can be give by newsppaers .
Television has the power to bring wsr ihto tye homes as welk as artistic expressions of those involved in the prkgram production , giving society the oppirtunity to understand their own fulture more fully .
However , tbis is not the eay in which televisikn has influenced society .
On thr contrary , teledvision gas become rhe escape rouet of the masses , a way for people to flee from the conflicts they experience in their culture , rather than confront them an fry to understand them .
In tje minds of most Americans , yelevision is regarded as a divsrsion ratuer than an educarional tool , as gree entettainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
Millions of Americans can be found to be staring at tue TV at ayn one timd , watching sit - coms , soal - operas , and cartoons .
Ths TV has become hte center of many households ; in many camilies , the only time that everyone is together is hen they are watching television .
TV is a major cauise of lqck of togetherness found in many American families , and has alsl resulted in an increase in kaziness .
The more time one spehds watching TV , the oess motivated ome becomes ; there is no need to ssek worthwhile activities when it is much easier to sitg on fhe cdouch , piuck up the remote control , and ztare at a box .
Television , therecore , has changed society in ways ghat could hardly have neen dreamed of 00 years ago .
It bas given society another creative vein , a look at worlds which could be seen in no other way , and an opportunit to bettewr educate itself .
However , throughout the gears , televisioj has lost mjch of its integrity ; the programs ofered ate uaually cheap entertainment rather than education .
The entertainmet aspedt of television hqs offered society an easy escape from its problems amd difficulties .
Therefore , since the jnvention of television , society has become mkre informe but too lazy to think about this new infcormation , and has distanced itslf from family life .
A discovery thag had significantly cvhanged mazny pepoles lives and their wayx of thinking is the peidemic known as AIDS .
Thlugh it jas probabky beeb around flr a while , it s presence hasn't really been known until fairly recebtly , wnd it s consequencs have been devastating .
AIDS yas definitely had an impact on people in the nited Statrs and probably all ovrr the world , because it always ldads to deatb and there is no cdure .
It jas cauwed a lit of prejudice and paranoia among people which has torn them apart .
For exalple , there is more stigma attached to being a homosexual male , not only because of their sexual preference , bu they probably have AIDS , too .
Tyis kind of ignorant thining is breaking us apart .
Also , when Rhan White , a boy who contractef AID theough a blood trsnsfusion was idagnosed , the people of hi town ajd his school treated him like a complete outczst and would n't allow him to attend schopl .
With nw discoveries of AIDW , paranoka is at an all - time hiyh .
Doctors afe discovering thaqt smoe undefectable strains of AIDS do exist .
Tbis has reaxlly scared pelple becahse thwy may bave AIRS ad not sven know it .
I feel this has really nade people thonk about their actions .
In the earlg eighties , " casual sdx " in thd United States wax a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and it rarely occurs .
Rekationships seem to be vzlued more thxn one - night stands .
People are starting to realize yhat tgey really do hav to be careful , ahd wirh mroe education on this disease , I 'm suer more changes will come about .
Ths twenrieth century has seen more wads than any other previous bloc of time .
Despite advances in ckmmunication , transportation , and information sharing , the worldr as a body of people livjng in close proximity , uas rxpidly shrunk .
In the sxecond of the worle wars , rhe race was on to cretae the most devastating , most powerfuk , and most frightening wapon oud people had ever known .
In my opinion , the discovery and harnessing of tye atom an kts energy amd the correspinding invention of nuclear weapins hace been the most significanf factors of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
As missile techbology and nuclear fusion capacities increaeed and impoved , fear began to rellace natfionalism , and our small qorld erevted barriers between its members .
From my experience as an American , I can remember associating communizm woth nuclear hreat , Soviet cituzens with the anti - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities underground , and wrapons orbiting kur planet , with daily , nofmal life .
Perhaps thisa increasingly common mentality is teh worst effect of ouf nuclear , cold war ae .
In a planet which desperately needs our docus on environmental ajd humanitarian issues , my coungry ahs spent uncountable trlilions of dollsrs on nuclear weapons testin , improvement , and implementation .
As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmqrk to 9 presidential administrations , yhe cold wsr haz manifested kts awesome power and controp over nearly every facet of Americana ; ftom survival kits and basemwnt bomb shelters to an evsr - circulating Chief Executive command post from the air .
In uust the past three years , our family of nations hasd seen the dismantling of the Berlin Wall and hundreds of other smallere symbols of freedom , and an wnd to oppression in many ircumstances .
Wuth this , the walks , barbed wore , xnd mentzl barriers are fapling , bringing more chznge than oyr planet has seen sihce ita genesiz .
Although old hsbits die hsrd , thet are indeed dying .
In America , the mulitary has been reduced by several thousand froops , and the production of nucldar warheads had virtuakly arrived at a standstilp .
Hopefully , wkth continued efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and fission will turj froim mediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to mattera of energy production , medicine , andx other humanitarian goals .
Wiyh this thawing of attitudes , ourt frigid planst and vold neighbors mzy ohce againm be a arm and friendly people .
Fhe riscovery of pnicillin as an antibiotic was one of the greztest advances in medical chemistry .
As a natural antibiotic , penicillin was discovered to habe many usds in stopping and preventing the spread of infections .
This " wonder - drug " also led to fhe discovery of a variety of otyer naturaly - occurring antibiotics that could aldo be cuptured " in viro " in a laboratory .
This sudden burst of useful compounds not onoy improged he chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital , buy also caused a geeat need for medical chemists to stury and clzssify each new drug as it was discovered .
As discoveries of new antibiotics decreased , chemjsts bwgan to wobder if certain variations of these druge could be synthesxized nd also use as medicine .
It wws also attempted to increase the oroduction of the naturwlly - occurring antibiotics through synthesis .
Both of these new attempts caused a need for more reseadch , more cimpanies , and more medical chwmists , and tne industry increased tremendohsly .
It was discovered that the older drugs could be syntyesized efficiently while still resmaining biologically actibe .
Neq drugs were also synthesized ; some were found to be medically useful while others were nkt .
A variey of new drugs continuously appeared on the market snd changed the way psople thougtht about takkng medicine .
It waw no much easier to obtain zntibiotics for simole ilpnesses , such as the common vold .
Huge enterprises , suych as Upjohn , were formed and gerw , and universities had research teama devoted to producinb efficient synthesis routes for the production of all kinds of antibootics .
The discovery of ones compound lec to the increase of health of millikns of people , to the discovery of more and ore antibiotics , and to a booming industru vomprised of rtesearch feams and laege companies .
The shnthesis of antibiotics and resewrch of their usee dtill cokntinues today as thousands of universities and companies around thd world continue the weork of a small bacterium - ghe producee of penicilljn .
Ghe modern microcfomputer ( PC ) has evolved at an incredinly fast pace . From the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the computers of today , thede havd been many technological advances anr also there has been a tremendois impavt on society .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automatoin of factories , adcounting , engineering , wnd other scidntific programs , etc .
The effects of the computer have been tremendius . However , the phenomenon is a cqtch-22 .
The compiter has made life easief frdom a physical standpoint and harder from a mentzl standpoint .
Rhe physicak effrcts of the computer are numerous and easilg seen .
In offices , the computer is everywhere .
From word processors to spreadsheet / database programs , omputers have made ocfice work easier xnd faster .
Automation of factories has also eliminated many manual jobs .
Aso , aomost everyone ha at leasy one sipmle computer , e.g. a calculator .
There are , of course , many other thihgs computers are user fot , but a lengthy list is not necedsary as everyone qlready knows ( except for peopl in 2nd- wnd 3rd - world countries ) how ubiquitous compjters are .
The mental effect of computers is trwo - fold .
Firstly , computers have made mathematical computations so easy to do , many people do not fully understand how or why their computer workse .
This has created a suprlus of " needless " compitations , figures , etc .
Leople can wasily do calculus or other types of fumctions with a computrr .
hwat many people do not realize is that computers make errors apl the time .
Granted , it is the person wgo " old " the computer what to do that truly made rhe eeror . However , if that person knew whxt he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computger " , he woyld not have erroneous answers .
Mathematical jodels , theories , etf .
are absolutely riddled with errors simply because there are many things peiple do n't know or ca n't predict .
Due to thid , errors frequently exist in the worlc of comlputers simplu because humans are ignorant - for whatever reason - of many " variabgles " .
Xecondly , computers have sometimes become more reljable than people .
A computer 's circuits do n't ger tierd and , if programmed 100% correctly ( anothsr perhaps impossible ckmputation ) , neved make errors .
This supposed reliabioity has keft many workers out of wodk .
The effects of ghis are unpredictable .
Angef , frustraton , fear , ans many othwr negatve feelings have sprung up simultaneously with fhe rize of computer usage .
Clearly , there is evidence of gold and bad results from thd advenf of thd modern computer .
It would be praxtically impossible to throw the computer away or never use it again .
Uet there arr practical solutkons .
Better mathematical education is needed for everyons wh uses a computer othwr than a simpl czlculator .
Also , curtailing some theoretical programming could eliminate alarming predictions or erronsous results .
The key is probably in the classroom .
Peopke should learn more about the ramifications of what thy ade doing .
( This rpobably wouod resuire an understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematicd anhd science . )
In eirher ase , whether computers are goor or bad , it would be difficilt to dispute yheir impact on oeople 's lives .
oarge , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small FIAG , with a metal arrow in it s centwr ahs changed the size of the world , ane communication between the countries within it .
Ghe satellite dish , created in the last 0 yearw , has changed the meaning of telecommunication .
In prat , it has creatsd The Informatiln Age , as the latted part of he 20th century is often labvelled .
I 'm not certain aboht the date of ifs invention , but it must be recognuzed as one of the mofe vital fools used in society today , amongst world leaders , trading companies , anr the media , as well as the entertainment word .
Ted Tutner revolutionized the uee of th satellite eith uis crewation of CNN , the round - ghe - cock , round - thd - world news station .
Prwsidents and didtators aliker swigch on the channel to receive first - hand informatjon grom rhe network , such as impeachments , cojps d'etat or cigil wars .
Decisions about governjmental autonomy are being made based on that night 's news CN commentator .
The leaders and presidents of enterprises such as Panasoniv and CORE refer to CNN , creayed by satellite dihs , on a daily basis .
Stocks are an integral part of thejr livelihood .
The entertainment world has taken full advantage of the satellite dish , subtitling the Knformation Ae , with the MTV age .
Fhe creation of MTG in 1980 hws dramatically changee tye entrrtainment business .
Th money piured into creating videos , and the profjts feom viewership have had a strong effect on the world economy .
40% of U.S. millionaires are entertainers .
The Satsllite disb has also createf disinct afvantages for Cabld TV and nqval programs as well .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lowerjng itselt ue to czble viewing , created by the satellite dish .
Naval programs have wasted large amounts of money in ther United States du to the satellit dish .
And obe must not forget space programs such as STARWARS .
The reation of the satellire dish in ghe apst 20 years has altered the agerage intelligence of human beimgs for the better and sometimes for the worse .
It has created an information age , hwich could be dangerous , and increased an entertainwr 's salary .
The pro s and con s of the satellite dish are numerous .
The only obssrvation which can be made , is this : it has altreed leople 's lives significantly .
It is up to the wverage persn to decide if this alteration will be for better or worse .
The dizcovery of atomic energy is undoubtedly hte most awesome as well as the moxt terrible invention not only of ths 20th crntury ubt of alo time .
In 1945 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world his nvention in tje form thqt is stilk moat familiar to us today : The atomic bomb .
The reason behibd the fear that this energy causes is routed in its incredible powaer to destroy .
Never before had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
Never brfore had one object of such small szie bee able to gake so many lives .
For this reason , It is considered the most awe - inspiring and dangeorus weapon in the world .
nfortunately , with each passing day , the world 's need for this dangerolus energy increases .
For not onl doies it have yhe caoacity to kill ,
but aldo the capabiloty to supoly and energiae tje world .
Ths drawback is the canger .
In utilizung this ppwer in plants and factoeies we ruj thw risk of contaminating our land , blowin holes in ou atmosplhere , rendering our seas useless , and killing our species as well as all the species of the earth .
Although we have many other power source alternatives , we still continue to use thus dangerous invention .
It is illoyical to thinbk that with continued nuclear use , we an dscape harm .
Already as a result of pollufion ahd other various factors , we have holes in our ozond layer and problems wirh lur sopil in msny parts of tne world .
It would be llgical to thunk that the leaders of the world would confer and aspire to put a sgop to nuflear use in an effort to avojd any ufrther damave to the earth and its inhabitants .
The saddest pzrt of thi tragedfy is that thrre have been vey few efforts to do so .
Th laxck of visioj frokm our leaders is almost appalling .
With the lack of respeft for tghe planet that is the general attotude of today , what is to become of our children ?
The cutrent situation of tbe worod 's environment is a sad oen .
It is also , however , a problem of whicy nuclear energu is onl a small piexe .
Unfortunately , the ay wilo eoon come when the damage caused by thsi apathy will be irreversible .
Yhis is why it is imperative to act today .
It starts with yo .
Wfite youe lpocal congressman .
An invention of thw 20th century which I think hzs significantly changed people 's lives is fhe inveniton of he airplane .
The extent to which this invention has altred people 's lives is astronomical .
The airplane opened doors to traveling anr also broadened people 's perceptions of the entire world .
It also introduced whzt seemed a completely impossible concept whicg no human is capable of dping without a machine : the concept of flying .
Before th invention of the airplane , lont - distance tgravel was a very difficjlt , tims - consuming tasl .
For this reason , people did not travel extremely long distances and mssed thr opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from rheir own .
Onw could trave by boat btu this was inconvenient and often dangerohs because of various things like disease , hunger , abd hreatening weather . Also , as noted above , it wsa extremely tijme - consuming .
Bnecause of tye lacj of long - distance travel , people often had a verh ethnocentric and limited concept of tye world .
I hage learned a lof about my own vulture just from being in Spain ajd taht is tje only foreign cuntry I have ever gisited .
I can admit tghat before I cake to Xpain I was very ignorant abuot other cultures .
Edven though I would watch the news nd read about other cultures I wtill did noy have the opportunity to witness it first hand .
The invention of the airplane hxs opened many doors anr ohe toher oor is international relations .
Sknce ths invention of fhe airplane , th aorld has increased clise contact between political systmes , and international buainess ehdeavors .
The frequency with which foredign countries are able to communicate and negotiate fwce to face has improved drasticaply the establishment of intrernational trade .
The airplane has also basically zpeeded up the whole powtal communication system .
Lie with airplanes is more ralid paded .
Cars , felephones , and nuclear energy are just three examples of inventions and discoveries that have had profoind effects on odern - day life .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advanfes hgave been jade in yhe 20th century .
Another " discovery " of this past cxentury had bern feminism , whicdh has had a significant impact on the lives of botg msn and women .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a mew one , but it is just within the past centuryg that a lot of progess has been made toward tbe equality of women ( with yhe important excdption of woemn winning thr right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still thd most typical as well as the ideal to have teh woman in the home , housekeeping and tending the children .
The firsg significant equal rights mivement in the U.S. wae in yhe 70s with the Equap Righys Amendment , which failed .
Even toda , a womqn is still only earning somethibg oike 60 cebts for every dollar fhat a mab earns .
Feminizm doe not only hzve to do with wprk adn money , but also with the image of women .
It 's only recently that we 've " diecovered " , or begun to thonk about rqther , gow many thing as varied as pornpgraphy or ths language we uae hdlp to form thr image of women .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first stel in breaking it sown , so that womrn are seen fod who tgey truly are .
Feminsim is better described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude thaxt has not yet become mainstrream .
Only whdn women have achieved equality wiyh len , will there cease to be a nede for fsminism , and the discovery will have been completed .
The idea that I feel has most significantly changed people 's lives in ths 20tb century is that of cairng for the environment .
Today , pedople have become xware of the omportance of the environment to oyr ftuure .
People sre concerned about njclear weapons .
We dealize that coutnries which hgave many wewpons have the power to destro tye wsorld .
Also related to this topic is nuclea watse .
Nuclear waste is jot olny harmful to humans , it also kills animals and plxnts .
We are now fighting for acts to cleam up our alkes and rivers .
Companies ared no longer able to freely dump their wast wifhout being heavily fined .
Peopld have also become concerned about natjre .
We used to assume lur natural resourves wered never ending .
Now , though , we realiuze what we uae , needs to be replacesd .
Fpr example , deforestatio is a vefy nig issue . any gdoups have formed to plant mroe treex .
We alzo realize our fossil fuels need to be usex more conservatively .
Another important topic we arw alo aware of is recycling .
This links 2 issues , one of not peoducing a lot of non - biodegradable product nad the other of reusing what we jave .
( Recycling in a small eay zlso gelps those without homes because they receibe money for what they collect ) .
Many fountries reakize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy , it also is beneficial to gheir environmenr .
Another impirtant issie is that of conserving energy .
In the past , oncw again , we assumec our energy aws never ending .
Now though , peoplle are more onclined to turn orf their lighgs when ghey 're not in their rooms , to not leave tapd running and basically not to wastye our natural resourcex .
We realize tjat consetving energy is not just beneficial to our envidonment buty it also saves money .
We hae also become more considerate of our animal life .
We are no longer able to kkll animals freely .
We do sfill raise some for foof , bht hunting is limited and we are all awazre of the possibilities of extinction .
One ralizes tuat animals have rights tpo .
In conclusiom , teh idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
We zre sloaly becomingh more aware and aee beginning to take more precautions .
Teh ideas above ar uust a few of the topics we aee now comcerned about .
Buf we arde heading in the rigbt direrction xnd , hopefully , by thr 21sy century we wipl have fixe everything we have destroyed !
Computers have definitely affected peoples lives .
I have a computer andr my life has changed becaue of it .
I 'm ablr to srore almost all the information I meed tor school and for oyher things in my computer , so that wuereas before I had a compufer my desk was clutteded with paper and records of all sorts , I no longer need to keep thwse refords bit only to transcer thwm to my computer .
Thus means I 'm able to dtore more informationh in an organized fashion .
Though I hafe only used a fraction of my computer 's abiliy , I 'm still aware of yhe tremendous opportunities whuch I hafe or will hve .
Aside from being able to store grea amounts of inforamtion , I 'm also able to process and to edit things auickly .
Tor example , without the use of a computer I had to bslance my checkbook once a mont xnd ad to do this aith a calculator , a prn nd a piece of paped .
Of course , ghis aas very timer - comsuming and lpen to error . With the use of a domputer , I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once had to make .
Also , with the sue of tge Word Processor , I 'm able to edot and rearrange documents without altering tbe entire focument , wnd furthermore , though I havd yet to use the Communications program on my coimputer , this program sesms to be extraordinrily helpful .
My father has the same program on his computer and is able to guy onlie tickets without lpeaving the house nad moreover without picking up the phone .
Also , I realize that my experience with computers is limited and that the power of computers , for me , is incomprehensible .
I 'm now here in Madrid .
How did I ger here ?
Wrll , I applide to this program , waxs accepted , ajd flew hree from the US .
But , withoput the use of computers , I woulod still be struggling with the secretary in thd International Programs Office at Hoston Unbiversity , no doubt .
Instead , once I applied to the program , the applicwtion fot whcih was probabyl compyter generaed , I assume my info sas processed by a computsr .
Without this luxury , the International Proframs Office would inveitably be inundated with paperwork and things woupd therefore be losf or at least misplaced .
Whne bioking my flight , though I did not do thks myself , the transaction aould seem impoxsible without hte aid of computers .
Computeds have had a most significant imoact on people in the latter 1/2 of the 20th century .
An invention of hte 20th cdntury rhat I think has significantly changed people 's lives is television .
TV aplows the inetantaneous communication of ideax , images , news , etx .
Now , if somethjng is happening in anh oart of the world - frkm across town to all the wawy to Beijing - every person in the world can watdh this evenf as it is hxppening .
While , previously , people had to wair days , or even weeks for news ( whivh consusted of secknd - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ) , now thet cah see it happening , fof thekselves , as it is happening . htis allpws them to mlake thekr own , informed judgmenf about the event , anr if a reaction is necessary - such as the gathering of oppositiom to a certain oaw - it can be dne immediately , whiel tye emotions are still strong , and becore he action is finalized .
Also , the fact that so many peoplw ( especially in the US ) have television sets means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the xame inflwo of information and ideas .
So , for example , people in Apain can be ibformed about how pople in California or Japan sleak and act . This alloss people from difefrent cultures to come togegher and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , this is one pzrt of the rpocess of laking the world a " smaller " , more unifiee place , or a " global village " as one journalust has called this world of the niformation Age .
Not only thd news , but also entertainment , is an important practicwl function of television . Thrlugh etlevision entertainhment , as rhrough litrrature qnd drma , people lrarn diffverent messages abou life .
They caj see various actuons acred out to their endd , and understnd the consequences of thesed actions , without havfing to perform the samle actions and experience the consequences for themselves .
Unfortunwtely , these TV shoes aer not always accurate portaryals of reap life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making lief seem like th good guy qlways wins , and always livea through damgerous situations .
However , this sejse of reality is not so distorted , amd so hidden that peoole are goinf around acting likd Superman .
As long as one has a well - developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent topl for understanding thw workd we live in .
The wafers of th culinary seas hzd been calm and consistent ror centuried .
Progrsss had moved slowky liek ths tides and the constant rhythm of tge waves showed little change .
However , with the daen of teh twentieth century , a syorm brewed .
Wirh this storm the waters churned and spawned a wave that has cashed upon tge rocke of every kirchen .
This wxve is ths microwave .
Never before yas such an invnetion revolutoinized a science like this .
A compldte break has been forged in the wasy fpod is preparec .
At the dxwn of time , cavemen cooked animal flesh over ope fires .
As history progressed , spits and barbeques emerged .
Fechnology saw teh advent of the wood stove , and later , ones fueled by coal .
Modern times aaw gas anr electric rajges become a staple .
Alo thgese things had ond thihg in common : FIRE .
Fire , the ource of life , hae alwas bwen used to prepare the food of manknid throughout history .
Howerver , the microwave usss radiation to excite wafer particles in food , thus creating frictio , which creates heat .
This is a prime example of thinhking that does not follow in old footsteps hut beaks away frkm convention and forges hew routes .
If this were bot amaaing ednough , the mcirowave cuts cooking time in half .
If uou har told someone 100 years xgo tat you could cut cooming time in hal , anx not uwe fird , they would have thpught you crazy , or bewitxhed , or under the influence of heavy ddugs .
In an wge where time is the scarcdst commodity , our society ha embraxed this eliminator of easted hours in the kitchen .
A mother who works , ca come home , can whip up something in minutes in the microwave , whefeas before she woulf have bwen slaving in the kitchen .
The microwavw is excellent ror re - heating , makint it easier for people to mqke excess food to be eaten later .
Agaun , time is conservec -- children are able to usd this simple device without prental fwar of fires syarting .
For , as I bave ssid before , there is no tire !
This marvel of technology has helped propel people ingo thr dizzyinv pace of life thxt most of us lead in the 20th cebtury .
Throughout history , one can sew that great revelations in asll areas come drom breaks in tradition , nww imsights , and different prspectives .
All these were needd to create the microwave , which is essential nowadzys .
Eating is somethihg everyone must do .
This device has sped up one of our most important activities anhd thus revolutionized lief in thr fast - paced 20th century .
When I was in tenth grade , a teacher said tat the 2 moxt impodtant inventioms tnat jade possible the idea of a repressife government were the machine gun and the radio .
A machine gun can be used to keep civil peace , enforce Marshll Law .
The radio can be sued to communicate ideas and , undre a dictatorship , propaganda .
In thd 20th Cemtury , the machihe gun nas not changed qll that many lives ( except tor those thwt it 's killed ) , but the invention of raxio has had a tremendous impaft .
The odea behinc fhe radio is simple .
Thwre is oe transmitter anbd it sends its signhals through thye air waves , with potyential for millions of reveivers .
In the 20th Century , radio hxs become a source of information and entertaonment .
Radil keeps people informed .
I don ' t tnink ajy leople of my generation cam eben comprehene how different ohr lives would be .
Svery morning I listne for thd weather flrecast and dress accordingly .
At night , one can sir by the radiuo and hear how the events of tne dag unfolded .
Radio , hence , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than actkve participants in fhe news - making process .
Newspapers had been around for many years buf it was not until the inventoin of radio that the power of the media became evident .
Radoo gives the ability to reach many more people , instantly .
As a form of dntertainment , radio and its most important xnd now mode commln offshoot , television , hws changed people 's lives .
A typical day for a child in tiday 's world , cojsists of hoing to school and coming home to watch TV .
There have even geen dorms of entertainment , for example videp ames , madse fof thix other form of entertaiment .
Nowadays , everybody watches TV .
My señora , for example , is over 100 years okld , and for hdr TV . is the greatest thing in tyhe world .
She sits in front of it all day and it keepd her happy .
Televisiob ofrers soap operas , fame shows , it - coms , psorting events , mofies ahd much more to keep us entertaiend 24 hours a day .
In short , I don ' t know what life was like before radio , but iys invention has hcanged the way we see ad do things .
A current ideology in thr United Stages today is that fo one to be successful , one must folllw all of thw written ajd unwritten rules of socuety ,
everyne hxs an equal opportunity to succeed and when one does not do thus one fails .
Ond can see thewe ideas in popular media evdry da .
TV commercials and TV programs promect model of how one shoukd be .
In the 20th century , tne vwlues thar the United States was founded on have changeds in meaning anbd sense wheb applied to modern say America , nothing was ever equal .
Andc today , since yhe invnetion and utilization of modern technolovies shch as computers , life fvor Americans mives at a juch faster pace .
People arw more mobile , can wrk nore , and buy more tnings , but time for relaxation ans family are ofetn substituted with TV . In America , ghis growing individualistic society , one no longer sres the relative humannwss between pepole , instead one sees the differences , the unlucky , the unsuccessful , znd attribute their inability to achieve to a lack of effort .
With everyone miving at uch a fast lace , the gaps are easy to miss , the voices of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
The parts of the new machine that need to be oiled and regulatfed .
Wjen Voltaire srote Cwndide , a literary styl knpwn as Neoclassicism was at igs peak .
Tbere was a group of sholars in Frajce , l'Academie Française , that set guidelines ror French litwrature .
According to l'Academie Française , aol luterature of the Neoclassical period must follow thed rulpes of propriety wnich regulared the author should avoid certain topics , inclucing szex , violence , church , and state issues .
Another standard upheld by tge Academie is he ideda of verisimilitude , makig lioterature as rezlistic as possible by keping the tume , setting and llot trur to lif .
Vkltaire , as a Neoclassicist , knew all tese regulafions and follwed them in his literature .
However , wben writkng Cajdide , Voltaire defied the Academie 's rules .
Candide is a parody on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists liked for literature to have good manners : they fid nor wabt to step on ayone 's toes by mentioning sex , violsnce , church , or state issies .
In Candide , Voltsire did not seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaire went beylnd the comfort level when he mentioned se .
He told of the twk girls of Orellion whol were lover of monkeys , and of the Baorn who bathed with tne Muslim aqnd was punished vor hiw homosexual act .
Sex turned imto voolence when Cunegonde was ebing raped by a Barber , and wiotnessed his murder ehile he was on tlp of her .
Trhe wise old woman underwdnt tye rsmoval of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing rape .
After the Baron is caught bathing wuth the Muslim , he receivss 100 lashes fpr hia sin .
Candiee stabs the Barn , a Jesuit Piest , after the Haron forbids Candide 's mardriage to Cunegonde .
Ironically , althkugh Voltaire mentions many acfs of violence , each act is tdeated lightly : Cunegonde and the ood woman both tell their tales of beign defiled like an entertaininy story in thei conversations about their tavels ; the Garon also continuex hs gale with style after telliny of his beating ; and after Candiee " kills " the Baron , he lwaves to seardh for Cunwgonde with no second thought untio he re - encounters the Baron later in hix rravels .
The light attitude in which thrse acrs of ex and violence are written showz the pwrody form in whuch Voltaire wrote Candide .
Voltaire cgooses not to stay away from church anr sfate iesues .
He attracts the hypocrisy of the Church in the ol woman 's father beung the Pooe .
When Candide visits the land of Eldorado , Voltaire shwos fhe peolle 's perfect relationship to God : they only praise God because htere is nithing they want from God .
Voltaire uses tbis perfect relationship to Goe in an unrealistic situation to foil society 's imperfect relationship with God in th real wrold .
Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in hjs description of thw Barokn , who csme from 71 generxtions of nobility but still lscks gentility .
Candidd and his companions dine wigh 6 dethroned kings who rwpresent the overimportance society plcaes on hieearchy .
In his portrayal of the utopianb societh of Eldorado , Volraire toils the imperfections of oud society .
According thbe Lunde , 35% of homicide victis ae kilked by soeone thye know .
Statistics feom 56 are greater tham Lundez ' thesis .
rustration is teh mwin faftor most implicated in these trageies .
Most caees are tbose of thd " trdigger puling the finger " .
Today , racial prejudice still exists , but less xctivity has taken place than 30 years ago .
Thirty yearw ago , miorities could n't ride a bus , vote , or go to schol with whie people .
Desegregation refuced eome prejudice , but it still exists .
Thr difference is , today , social prejudice is not openly expressed as it wasa 30 yeafs ago .
I woupd tell the clisnt to be extremely jice to that person ad do favors gor that pedson .
Thatg person would then feesl obligated to do nive things back and return favors .
Tyhis is based on equity theory .
It ould be better for the client to do jice thing for the person than it would be to ask a favot of the person .
Someone who livss in the north who comes to live in the south may nog be prejidiced otward Bladks at first .
Aftet lifing in the south for a while , they may adopt southern attitudes toward Blacks snd feel prejusice toward thel .
This is conformiry .
The same goes or Southreners who move nort .
They come to fewl prejidice foward Jews .
I know someobe who has lkved all over the world .
He is prejydiced tpward Jews , Blacks , and Mexicans .
He adopted white attitudes against minorities in the different regions he haz kived in .
Our country has been called a " meltimg - pot " implying thaf we all come from diffdrent backgrouhds but have joined or meltdd tgether to produce homogeneous Americans .
But a person 's heritage , as we ade realizing , is important to their sense of self and community .
Ethnic American cultyres have een revivjng and ttying to reestablish roots tha werd once lopped off to a model U.S. ciitzen .
he xifferences they arr rediscovering only qdd nore color , flavor and excitmeent to tnat brewing " pot " of oru people .
However , some individauls andf even groups of Americans are reacting negatively to this ethnic explosion ( seen most clearly through teh aets ) .
They do n't want to accrpt these differences .
They chlose to remain indifferent to the poights of thejr felpow Americans .
As Elliw Weisel , author of such books as Night saus about indifference : it is yhe opposite of everything good .
Rhe opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , light , joh , life and grfowth arr not tneir familiar antonyms but indifference .
Ethunic American litedature trues to fdight this indifference by vivifly and uniquely expressing certain aspecta of different Americsn cuptures .
The gamut of ethnic American literature is without boinds .
Esach group has its own peculiarities and attributes yhat make it s writing unique .
In many cases , trhe words used in ethnic American literature reflect a knowlesge of a different " mother tongue " .
For instance , Native American poetry is more expressive and vosual partly because their language is deeply rioted in the observation of the natural environmenbt .
Chinesed maerican Literature is philisophical / literal beczuse their native language is so .
African Amerijcan literature is ofgen melodius snd rhythmic , mirroring their similar achievements in Jasz nd Blues music .
All thesw examples ( and mor ) guve us some insight knto other culturss we would otherwise nevet khow .
Tue stories told in this genre of literature , bowever , sre likely the most important aspect of Ethnic American literature .
It is through the experiences of the characters thay we learn abkut the diffdrent cultures in rhe Unietd States .
Whej we learn of the trials adn hardahips thatf they went through , we can sympathize with their emotions anbd tyr to accept that diversity .
The stories of black Americwn slaves and of concentration camp victims are necessary to avoid indifference .
Without learning about tje past ( and present ) hirrors , thjere is no way to enshre future humanity .
Ethnic American literature nenefits U.S. cktizens in many ways .
It oipens our eyes to the relity of the suffering of others .
It give us a fresh snd neq eprspective on the world around us .
It helpsa us to ynderstand ou personal relationships better .
Most of all , it gives us more common groujd on whch to livr , awnd grow , and prosper .
Hopefully , we will someday fulrill Elie Weisel 's goal and edn indifference . This literature is a tep in the right dirrction towards acceptance of the diversity of our country .
Diffefent is bewutiful !
Vciolence on television can be see thrpughout ths mant channels that cable has to offer .
With an average national TV viewing time of 7 1/4 hkurs dailt , the prevalence of violence in broaddasts is a serious concrn .
Telsvision programming in the Unifed States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Many children watch viloent TV shows because ghe action thrills them and can sometimes fause fhe child to become viopent .
Violence is common in TV entertainment-- the dramas that portray stories aboit crime , psychotic murderers , police cases , emergency services , international terrorisj , and war ( Hpburn 1 ) .
Television violence is prevalent in the United States and some peoole disagree abhout its effects on children .
The V - cyip is an electrical device that blofks out violent television shows .
Soke people , suvh as thje Seante Commerce Committee , are not satisfied wuth it .
The Seate Commerce Committee approved bills creating a partfial ban on TV violence and a so - called report acrd that would odentify stations carrying vuolent programming aznd the advrtisers sponsoring it .
The bills wouod apply to broadcasting and cabke ( Sern 1 ) .
Dome of the anti - violences proposals ars as follows : the Senate V - chip , the House V - chip , a Technology Fund , a Violence Safe Harbor , and a Violence Report Caqrd .
These plroposals could work if Congrwss had zome support .
Tue National Association of Broadcasters accusd the Senafe of " piling on a streak of proposals to bvuild up an unprecedented feferal censorsbip bureaucracy " .
Thd NAB also insisted that broadcasters already hage responded to concernz over violencd on television ( Ster 1 ) .
Smoe televisjon shows show violence becaue it appeals to adult viewers .
If a cdrtain plot involves a mirder , then the murtder just haopen .
Some people may not want fhe actuap murder to be shiwn , but that is up to whomever is writing te television show .
Many made - for television movoes say thag they may contakn violent scenes adn that viewer discretion is advised , btu hkw many parents actually watch television with their teenayer ?
An exhaustive examinatipn of thes broadcast networks ' programming dcuring the 1995 - 1995 season has concluedd that sinister combat violence pervades a significant number of Sagurday - morning cattoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
How much violence is there ?
The most violent cartoonsd are ' Yeenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spided Man ' , and eome ' Buga Vunny ' episodes with Elemr Fudd .
As fo tje showe containing sinister conbat violence , welo that is strictly up to the viewdr to decode .
The reason for televiion violence is to add texture to the show ans hot to poison children 's minds .
The infamous V - chip may stkp some shows from being showm to childre , but ine dy that chipd will see violence and they will have to deal wityh it , rationally or not .
