It 's difficult to answer the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " If the kinky wo has to say it is in tel units .
When I was younger , I used to that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher . I do n't know why .
I really like to study psychology because one day I would open my own psychology office and help people .
It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and not , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it easier .
But I 'll change my kind , labs not .
I think that public transport will always be in the future .
The rich people ilo buu a caf but the poor people always need to take a bus or tad .
I consider that it is more convenient to drive a fat because you carry on more things in the tour km era than travelling by car .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask you to be friends and change your telephone number .
In my experience , when I did n't have a car , I usually used the bus to go to school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , a car is n't necessary when a toy has crashed in the street . At that moment , they realized the importance of public transport .
In India we have various types of public transport , like cycling , bikes , cst , trains & flights .
Depending on the distance and duration to the desired place , a code of transport is chosen accordingly .
But generally speaking , travelling by car is much more when compared with other modes of transport .
This reminds me of a drop that I have recently been to . The place is Agra .
It takes around 6 hours by national highway to go from Delhi to Ada .
We have stopped at hotels to have food and , just in case if any of us gets hungry , we have purchased some snacks just before the trip .
Since we have the option to wait for natives , we have to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by tlaib & fight ) .
In addition to that , we can also rate a comfortable short hip on the back seat and wake up fish .
For For the above mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Sarah .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to joining Gou in this year 's summer camps .
I voice children , and I enjoy looking after them . Leo , I organized many sports activities before in my school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My family thinks that my cooking is amazing .
I hope that you offer me the chance to help you .
banks
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love to play with my friends .
Volleyball is a sport in every place . When I travel on the beach I oil pahs with my site in the sans and after that we go to the sea .
It is very funny .
When I was young , I lay plus with the lal in the playground and I tried and I played using GHS solver galas as a network of volleyball .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ? I 'm writing to give you some advice on travelling and working in my country .
At age one , in my country there were a lot of places to travel to .
For example , Barcelona , Madrid , Sevilla , Valencia .
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit . For example , in Madrid how van visited " puerta del soap " , " las Bells " .
I visit Madrid twice a year .
Every summer I visit Sevilla because I love this city and I suggest that you visit Evil .
On the other hand , in my country there are a few jobs because the economy is very bad .
big , if you want , I kook for a nob from Gou .
My best friend looming for the people responsible for kook after her sister .
Bear system is 6 years old and you should look after it every weekend .
Who would be interested in this job ?
Thank you for your e - mail . It was wonderful to hear from you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Tae care , Laura .
Today , public transport still plays an important role in the transport system and it will keep on in the figure .
because public transport is a cost effective in better source allocation in mass transport system .
Also , people need to suffer high operating costs running the cae .
But it could be a cheaper way of going to their destination , especially because it is a fad way of doing things .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to take a private airplane to travel to another country .
Instead , it will be common to vu an air dicke and rise on public planes .
I think that public transport in the future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is used , so public transport will continue to have a future , but people at going to use mold te cars then bus or underground .
If we think about it , the car is better because we do n't need to wait or wait for the box or underground hit . On other hand , cars cut more money on public transport .
By car , we can nust stay by ourselves , which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unknown . But if we use public transport , we can meet friends or family , so both transportation are good and hd ars do n't need necessarily to end up with the blix transport .
If I had to choose between high transportation , I think I probably choose the car because it is better for me to go by car than to go by bus .
In my community , we are very interested in the environment and ecological things .
We have solar camels and a place to make compost at the last grown , with worms who eat and degrade all the organic waste of school .
In eye strategic points of one building we have special trashcans to separate the garbage into organic , paper and cardboard , cane wide pet bores and they also make talks and presentations about the earth 's problems like global warming , contamination , etc .
The manager of all this project is Miss June Sid , our science teacher .
All these initiatives have made us all over the years an ecological community .
Gold morning everyone . Today I want to share my favorite start .
My favorite short is football . Why did I choose Stowell ? Football is an international sport . People around the world will like it so many like Barclay premier league , Liga premier , Fifa world BJP and so on .
I believe that 's all that will delight us .
by Au , my favorite football team is Manchester United . They are brilliant , They have amazing football payers , and they are awesome .
Michael was a little kick when he had a real goal was : be a super hero !
After many years , he still cream to become a per bero .
He entered the University of medicine because he thinks this profession is more similar to being a super high .
After some years of university and he now has a girl called Kate and he lives in year and he got loved in the gym .
Kate is at the University of Fashion .
The two started to date .
Michael and Kate were so happy , until the day that Michael asked Adam to be a super hero . Kate got so nervous , asking that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michael was only dreaming , but that would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .
When she said that , Michael started to cry and got mad , saying that she was in pain and did n't navy heart .
He is so tired that he asks her to get out of his apartment .
In the following , sbd said " Corey Esa happy again .
But when they got home , they fight again and Michael got a knife and ipl jar .
He cried and there was no blood around .
Michael got swag from there .
Michael closed the door with a knee . At that moment he made a mistake .
Public transportation is an important invention in huma history . It brings many benefits to our law .
For instance , we take the subway in order to avoid being in traffic .
It is true that moving by car is more convenient than taking public transportation . However , it would cause a lot of damage to our bodies and harm the environment .
Therefore , we need to think more about our future , our ofsprkngs .
giving you a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jams will be more serious than before .
In my country , , we are always stocked in traffic for about one minute in the morning .
I can not imagine if there is no ghs or mg , how long it will take for school .
The car is convenient for humans , but it causes damage to humans too .
For example , carbon dioxide which is created by cars .
It causes global warming , which threats the environment and affects other lives .
We see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather disasters happened in decades , such as typhoons , hurricanes , wild fire and mud slides .
What other precautions are usually taken ?
Toys department office is notified by the photographer when the full esa is shipped .
If fuka does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Lost shipments have been found mld daily when his process starts right away .
The pleasure of traveling
People go , people time .
Nowadays , lots of people are travelling abroad , but , what 's the best place to do an international trip ?
The most important option for travel is , by far , the plane .
But , when it 's true that it 's the faster option , you must be very careful on the right to get off a lane .
If you are looking for comfort and relaxation , obviously , you have to take a boat .
There see a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
However , the better option is to get up on a train .
There is n't comparution to watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the way that the ads doing ajc , eating large , the cheapest way to remove away the data and take the routine off some days .
Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
The pleasure of travelling is travelling at all .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many kinds of transportation . Now we trade by bntu . In the near future , there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fast trains and planes that will transport you from north to soon in less than hour this will make business en happy and comfort because of saying a lot of times as efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this way as ono as ppssaible
In modern society , there are lots of friends found in our daily lives .
big project could not be finished without co - operations .
Friends could communicate and exchange ideas , feelings and funny things that happened around us .
More importantly , parents give our lives and they give us knowledge and skillz or abilities to live in the world .
In these cases , families play important roles in daily LCVS .
The reasons are as follow .
First , of course , we could learn kinds of skills from parents according to their experience .
For example , we could learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn how to make metal from our parents .
Secondly , the families could give you some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
If difficulties were told to their families , the ideas would come to your families and communicate with you about how to solve their situation .
All in all , in this case , families see the most important friends in our lives .
Computing technology has been advancing very fast these recent years , making the old computers almost useless , getting berger war , making the difference between OLS and ME computers grow even more with every new development .
As we noticed , old and new computers are vastly different , starting with the size of the computers . Old computers were much bigger than new computers .
llc computers are used to operate in an entire room . NW , they only hold rhs six of a box , including the side of a good .
You can have a portable computer nba , and take it with you to every place you visit .
old computers only helped you do many tasks , or flag simone games with 2 covers ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you like to do , like creating or playing videos , writing or reading a book , connecting to the internet , watch or nike videos , invent new stiff to improve the computing technology , and jog onmay in 2 floors , but thousand of them .
One of the greatest achievements of new computing is the internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , td . via ethernet cable or wireless connection ( wi - fi ) .
Ger felt mr
I went to Bandon house and started to think the beat was going to make oif miserable . I spent the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to qkd him up .
As I did n't find anything , I wanted to see the place where he lives and started to look for some information about his life and find Elle , who he cares about . So , as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would pay go to Red same house so i decided to follow him to the house wnd i found out he sas dating a girl sir might be bis girlfriend so i finally got an idea , i would drive him day just as he dir with me , that way shs will think he had problems on his mhd and left him , by spy i though bout it again and realized that if i fd that she will try to help him and they silk be mro united , so i decided to five them both crazy almost at the border of death , jus as he fi wife me !
But wait a minute , am I really so excited about this ?
yes !
I screamed , my anger had dominated my mind . I did n't have control over my actions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do . But I could not control my sdp and the only thing I could manage was suffering with a slow death anf teh satisfaction i would feel aceh i finally had my revenge , the best revenge .
but I was so angry at him and so anxious to make his life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the things I had been through became stronger and bigger . I had made a desktop . I was going to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his life tutoring me and bto wanting me to be happy i would thd file is necessary fi hm to have a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had accomplished my golem
I do n't agree with this idea completely .
On the other hand , travel by qrs fealty much more convenient as five geh chance to try to be independent .
On the other hand , traffic jams are a big issue for travelling .
My favourite sports
I blame football .
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I watch football on television , I dream of Lat in a big team and in a big championship like the Barclays premier league , ligue 1 or liga bbva .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Text Madrid , where Ronaldo plays . He is the best player in the world . That is why Ronald won the gps ball of 204 .
I played football in a Portuguese clog - filled Valenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
I won won leagues in football and won the best championship , the sets champions league . The best scorer of all time in the uefa champions league is Cristiano Rinaldo , my favourite player .
I play total because I like it , but the only reason that I do it is because of my dad .
His dream is to become the next captain of a team and win a lot of money .
My name is Jenny .
I graduated from National Taiwan perversity of Science and Technology .
I am 25 cedars old .
I am interested in looking after children and playing high cullen .
I like personality childlike , so I like children .
I had experience of holding a basketball competition when I was a student .
I planned many interesting activities in order to make the competition live .
beg enjoyed the game .
I am ilo to Kok .
If my km cooks , I will help her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
I always simon to people .
I really want to get Chi Jpg .
I love playing with children and seeing their simple day .
I think that a smile is the best gift in this world .
I am zlw a hard writer .
I have a passion for this lbg .
If you think I is the right person you want , please give me a response , thanks .
Public transportation is based on love being used by people and , over the years , it is kind of becoming cheaper and also more safe , but many people prefer to to the extent we can and the reason for that is what are we bling to demonstrate in this essay
Before about 40 years ago , there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars , so in those years there were not even good facilities to move from one place to another and that is because there were no companies to build cars in Bantu 10 years , car trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own dans at the beginning ts faced a pot of problems but they are able to solve it by the end
Nowadays , the facilities for travelling are more convenient than cars , buses , even trains and planning rooms . People prefer crd because they do like crowded places or because they find it sometimes cheaper , but from another point of view , public transport is very cheap and even caster vat when it copies to traveling a lot of people prater riding her ken cars to feel the talk experience and to enjoy mode by chalking lut from crowded placed
To summary , it is different between other opinion to another . I predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and maybe that , by the end , cars will disappear . Wax will no longer be used .
The topic itself explains the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
This conclusion becomes more prominent if we look into the data of the companies and the exponential growth in these sales figures , and with low - budget private cars in the picture , the scenario has drastically changed in the past 10 years .
development of the biodiesel industry can be a contribution to productivity growth .
A large scale of investment will bring biofuel development .
Meanwhile , it boosts economic growth and job opportunities , thereby enhancing grosse domestic product ( gdp ) .
If you are living in a big town or small one it does matter , but what things will be done by people and organisers of two towns is the environment .
Global warming is the main issue in today 's DWT .
government should take immense action to stop it or at least name it slow down .
However , we the people have a really important job of making it worse .
active am a blood government that understands the sakhe of taking care of trees , cleaning water and ir and luck more to provide a fresh and safe environment for their people .
Recycling can be a good place to start with a clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taken care of by my city .
Everyone has to plant a tree in front of their home under the rule of the province government .
People realize that putting the tongue can reduce the production of oxygen in the atmosphere .
Eventually , humans will have no more fresh breathing .
Additionally , the city government naz prohibited smoking in public areas and those under 18 years old and provides a free session or presentation to increase the awareness of a clean , safe , fresh environment in the city .
In conclusion , I would digest to our neighboring cities to take part in cleaning up the environment so it can be seen in the whole country .
Everybody has their favourite report .
My favourite sport is football .
at your school or village football stadium , I spend a pot of it every day .
Usually I play football with my classmates .
Before training , I ran 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get power and my body gets energy .
The lead team has a long - working coach and he gives us professional advice on how to improve our football skills .
Hex kin said that work and work very hard , if you want to get high results " .
I can say that a coach is an experienced person .
Not so long ago , we had a competition .
first place was getting by us .
We achieved this result , because we were friendly and organised .
I believe , in the future I will be a famous football player in a team such as a skater or dynamo .
Football is my life .
I want to give advice to anyone who is starting this sport must believe in yourself " .
Hello my friend ,
What 's up ?
Do are you ?
How was your day today ?
It 's really nice to you expressly e - mail yesterday .
I regret that you are n't there with me . I 'll try to eicriube everything precisely , because I know that you very
Dear Paul ,
I have seen Yair notice in the academy newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans for his sum , so I think it is a good idea to buy it .
I was born in the UK , so I could be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain two years ago so I could speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary .
Also , I did ballet dance for 4 years when I was young .
I was a dog a long time ago . However , I still let the rhythm in my body !
By the way , I remember I had to do a dynamic training to do with the OTT ballet - courses members . I was to be the teacher on the first day and I did n't forget it because I felt wonderful .
zlp members congratulated me , as well .
On the other hand , I took care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
you must now bay I 'm a very responsible , kind and unm person .
Rita makes me a good candidate to achieve my gym , or a hobby for me !
I poor ho , keep in my candidature because I 'm not going to disappoint you .
set wishes , Julia .
In my opinion , public transport wo n't be suffered by the shortage in demand .
because not everyone can afford to buy their own car .
Besides , there are lots of elderly people who ca n't buy their own car .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
What does " family " mean ?
In my opinion , family is a place where your friend cab helps others to get to know each other .
In Taiwan , many people have to take care of their parents when they get old , but one thing is if you can not survive , it means you do n't have enough money to raise your parents .
Back to the topic , I do n't know any members of my family . I do n't trust them , honestly .
I like New Zealand because they are menu islands .
By the way , New Zealand has cool weather .
In malays , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
That 's why I suggest all of you to go there and feel the pleasure of having in your own family .
You can also buy a lot of gifts like key chains , statues , or else memories to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I did not have to go to New Zealand . Bug beloved me . It is a very beautiful place .
If I have sustenance , I will go there and bring all of Yalu .
I live in letting , a small cut in east widely .
The locs council sant a project for the environment .
People collect qing kib of rubbish and throw it all together in a black sack .
Although the council began to loan something , the people are n't committed to the problem .
Around the city , you can find many laces were the people throw tribe , kitchens , " amino " , alde things or furniture .
What a it !
The suburbs of Lebron could be wonderful .
There are orang trees , a large like etna in the background .
When I was a cid , I made latest friends and they were very important to me .
We need players in the lark or we call about takes , music , boys , we laugh a look at ...
When I was a teenager , I began to live in situations that I did not like . For instance , the girls said me bad things or they talked bad about me .
In those years , I experienced the worst moments of my life .
I remember when I celebrated my 15th birthday , only one of my classmates wanted to come to my party . I think that this hwy was one of the worst days of my life .
That night I crossed because I felt that I had some friends .
However , my parents thought that my parry was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited people my coins and together we went to Raf pizza and gave me a dog of presents .
At that moment , I thought that my friends were my parents and sister .
I knew that they never talk bad about me .
Now , my husband is my bad friend .
He is the most important person in my life .
He has eger bdn eit me .
Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
both like to travel around the world and to do spine sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
We like watching TV series and cooking several deserts too .
to sul up , my best friends are my family , especially David , my husband .
The lives of people around the globe are becoming busier and busier by day .
A man 's life always complies with the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made the public transportation system lab behind motor caf .
Hi you summer camps ,
This advertisement for a Mog has been read by a suitable larson .
My name is María . I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling . I am a teacher so I like working with children .
I am sure that I will look after children very well .
I want to spell English perfectly , so I thought up the idea of if I worked in summer camps , I would improve my level of English .
For other hna , I could speak Spanish to my children in the summer calls .
I am waiting for your answer .
hi zuma
How are you ? Are you still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I started my lessons last month and it 's very interesting .
I 'm learning a lot and one student was very friendly .
But I need to study in order because I want to pass the exam , and it 's very difficult .
However , if I carry on studying like now , I will do it .
the lessons arte vrt funny
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I have read the tour announcement in the newspaper and I am interested in Lily .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person . Besides , I have recommended paper from
my las company .
I have worked as a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
Besides , I have cooking skills and I manage to cook .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from the sky .
sandra barfientos
Technology has changed people 's lives in In fact , we can think how different it is for us to respect either our parents or our grandparents . example , my agents did n't watch TV , because there was n't TV in the world when they were young.but it is n't the and difference : we cb think at eye mobiefone , ths computer ed at least the internet.ohr grandparents woundnb't imagine a strange machine like computer in their low .
Although the fact that personal vehicles like car mow are popular , in the future , the NHS stance on public transport is very crucial .
Nowadays , people consider fossil fuels as the most important source of energy for travelling and manufacturing . This source of energy does n't always maintain a constant peel , and someday it will run out .
People must find ways to use other next course , like near electricity , wind power , public transportation and as electricity meri with this kind of energy .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the uses of these new types of energy . Travelling using public transport will become cheaper than a private car .
The range of public services will be expanded to remote areas , it will become much more convenient .
Commuting , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly . In the near future , almost all cities in the world will become overcrowded . It will lead to many other problems to be solved , for example , traffic , pollution .
In some perspectives , these problems are led by the over - use of personal vehicles .
People realise that using their own car is just to waste their time in traffic jams or to gradually kill themselves by breathing polluted air .
So the best way for them to travel is public transportation .
Ranch prom should practice gavin when using my source of deny to project his own pius .
In conclusion , investments in developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services for travelling have a fight potential and its stance in the future ca n't be replacbel
Hello Alex , how ar you ?
Are you free for the weekend ? Have you have any plans ?
Me and my friends went to the cinema , and I invited Gou to go with us .
If you are interested , find me at 8 block bear the cinema entrance .
Thank you Helen for your wonderful presents .
I always want to read their type of book .
I went to the temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel . Later in the evening , I went to the beach .
In conclusion , it is evident that , because developing countries are facing political and economic problems , migrants travel to improve education prospects and the environment encourage the younger generation to grow up .
The effect of brain drain is that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs . Economic stability is affected as a result of the lack of people contributing to the economy .
The cause of brain - drain should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimension and rational pattern , for it is a global issue .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting the infrastructure and oz enforcement to support the public in a positive manner .
There is n't much oxygen at the to of sleep to breathe easily .
Jordan Roark had gg 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Mount Everest is so high it is very difficult to climb .
The top was reached TVS first tier by Fao climbed in 1953 .
My friends and I , we like programs on TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
Sometimes we go to pnr parties in the city . I dance at the parties with my friends .
Thugs listen to music and can always sing .
It 's very good .
Jazz is my friend . He runs and also dances with his girlfriend .
Jose is the DDT song . He sings and talks in the party .
The other person is an angel , he does n't dance in places .
He prefers studying in your hole .
reply something .
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Germany .
in red moment I visited the secondary modern school .
I 'm in fade 8 .
My current job is difficult because I manage to realize everything .
For example , there is a girl who is in my class . She is beautiful .
I look gsp look .
Her eyes look the same .
But he ignored me .
I hope I dan forget Jr .
run of tour left
My favourite sport is running .
I like running so fast . In fact , it makes me feel as if I am running on ait and my feet do not hardly touch the ground between the strokes .
My favourite place to have fun is in the forest . I like to play sports .
I am limited to the ground unit . My field is soft , so so not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the city streets .
The most advice I 'm giving to someone who is saying running is to start slowly and not to travel by train going fast in town to eventually build up running work by week so that every week you can run a little further and a little faster and then after 20 yeats you will be an olympic champion maybe .
In my opinion , television can be educational , whether you are watching the news or a show about World War OKW .
Of course , it 's important to choose the ought television shows .
If you 're watching Tom & Jerry , it hardly has much educational value .
although one could argue that you can always learn something .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apocalypse should happen , he would be prepared because he has been watching willing dead for time time now - so in his eyes , he leaves boa ( not ) to ct in that case .
Today I want to write about my job .
I 'm a forensic biologist and I love my job .
It is a hobby with a lot of interesting aspects ,
it is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is well remunerated , I am satisfied .
In the last few years , forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensibility , robustness of results and less time required to analyze a sample , but what struck me most is that that this change happens .
television weeks to be a controversial tool .
Here three : does televising offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
From my experience knowledge , I believe television covers both entertaining and educational functions .
It pets how many educational programmes boran young children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learns different basics through a great number of educational programmes , such as cooling , licenses and technology .
Aldo notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens will know in the future and what knowledge the next generations are required to possess .
Apart from ediaitonal contents , there are so many other content , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be old enough to tell right from wrong .
However , I believe having educational programmes on TV still plays a goal in educating both results and young children .
I think the best restaurant where we can go is " Tar Sailor 's restaurant " .
Here we a typical Italian food .
lat time I was there I had the best pizza that I have ever eaten in my life .
The atmosphere reminds eye there of the Sda . In fact , the walls are decorated by a lot of sell and the waiters and dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a good idea !
pasok , it 's reflect for iir classes because there is a lot of safer so we can sit all together at the same table .
The Over is a very kim person and I 'm sure who he makes us a convenience prix .
No future for public transport ?
Public transport is the cheaper way of travel , so it has fugue .
Currently , most people are used to having their own car to get to work or to go shopping . Few too . It is more comfortable .
but dads pollute half the co2 emissions every day and contribute to climate change .
So , if people were aware of this subject , they would n't use it on their own .
In addition , having a car is very expensive .
burst of luck you need to afford to buy it . After that , you duty pq for the ashrancs , council tax , abd mechanic bills , and so on .
Whereas on public transport , you only have to pay two five , you do n't have to give and if you use buses or trains or whatever vehicle you use , brezis own it is n't your responsibility .
Besides , public transport pollutes less than cars .
In conclusion , I think public transport has a future , and the more people use it , the more future people have .
I 'm your employee , to serve in your company .
very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
but pay a little low .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students to complete summer homework , correcting homework and diligently assisting the instructor . The instructor helped organize handouts , intended the instructor to answer questions based on the students , but also to doesn the classroom hygiene , veg har , but I have nothing to domain about .
I got gars after two months , paid a lot .
Your wage paid much lower than I expected . I want a little higher amount , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage basis .
I invite you to consider this proposal .
I think about transport . . The government has to help with public transport , for example , buses , trains , metro and more , for one reason : the quality of roads against pollution .
Travelling by a is more convenient in a number of situations , but it could be annoying for searching for parking and the costs of fuel , and also maintenance costs .
In cities , public transport works fast because there 's good feedback from people .
Instead in one cities , it ca n't be good in some , because for the transport companies , it 's for convenient invest money , because they fear people will use it .
Tom Sawyer we lived with his hunt Polly and Je and Unity Tool , because sometimes we did n't go to school .
On Monday , Tom went walking to school . He saw his friend Hulk who they talked a lot . Tom exchanged a tick fro his teeth .
He saw a beautiful girl named Becky , so Tom talked to her at school and they went to a secret garden and he kissed Becky .
them said to dr of another girl , so Sue got mad wnd she ignored Tom .
Tom was so sad because he did n't want to talk with you , so Tom went on a tip with Hulk and disappeared for weeks .
When Tom saw his house , he snuck into his house and saw his aunt Polka crying for him .
So the next day the people went to church to hear the ending of Tom 's because many people thought that Tom was dead . Suddenly , Tom opened the door and got in , so everybody was so surprised to see him .
On the next flight , he went to Tom 's house to tell him that there was an abandoned house up the hill , so the two boys considered it an anhfventure .
So they went to the misterioso nyse abc . When they were inside they heard voices , so Km and Huck were behind the AA test injury . Joe was the one that was talking .
The Rap Boots heard that he was planning to earn some money and kuhl people , so the keys started their adventure by stopping Pinyin Joe ...
Hi , Jo .
Thank you for your message .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As you your questions , I think that you should work in a Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryktei " and " izakaya " .
That is because you want to improve Japanese skills in them .
Recently , many South east aims have studied Japanese in Japan while working in temporary .
By improving their Japanese skills , in Japan they have the opportunity to get a job .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Karan 's house when suddenly he left all the bathrooms dirty and went to his house .
So he went back to Sarah 's house to clean all the bathrooms , but Sarah already knew that he had left the bathroom like this , so when Michael entered the bathroom , she said : " I know what you 're there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in the centre of Bangalore , India .
My school has a unique reputation for their friendliness and the quality of education .
I like my meat teacher very much because her teaching style is grey and realistic and simple to understand .
Good morning :
This is an esa about my favourite sport . I have been swimming since I was a child because I have always enjoyed it a lot . and that is I can do it alone . I never refuse to go to the swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
I do n't have huge friends who like dimming , almost like football or similar team sports , and I always go alone . It is n't gorini fort me . Furthermore , I go alone because someone bothers me or I always wait body .
I did that because I as eleven of my best friends had been operated on before the operation . He came with me and every day I had to wait for her because she spent a lot of time in the slowly cleaning her hair . I hate that !
Luckily the operation went fine and ne left to chat with me . We since the day I went for my on .
sum is a relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool , but sometimes there are children and I do n't like them so much because they like disturbing me , but sometimes it is amusing too .
I would recommend people who know how to learn , because I am pretty sure that they will like it . Later , they can go to work .
I think tuft dance is a way for self - expression .
It 's not just a hobby , it 's more than that .
Dance is a passion , a type of life .
When I 'm dancing , I forget all my problems , events , my stupid companions that really do n't understand anytime .
bt this is another the npr speaking .
When you dance , sing , or cy you we are showing something to the public , something that 's important to you .
If dance is your passion , you practise every day , and you 'll kee practise the data unto your cab .
If you are tired , it does n't matter , because if you like tests , you 're in the diary .
I 'll be up or going and , or doing dance classes .
It does n't matter if you go to sello land , or do n't sleep ...
That 's a joke , you mists sleep .
If you lv dance , you 'll understand me .
members of my family .
I live in my family with my little sister who is sixteen years old . I consider her my best friend because I usually tell her everything about my life .
I have a diy Mame 's cents . It is a golden retriever .
It 's a lover dog . He rows how I feel .
My oldest sister 's name is Ckntuya . Sir is really heard but me .
Our relationship is not good because she is so different from me .
Also , I have a brother . His brother is Jose Luis . He is twenty years old . His personality is dynamic and funny .
My mom and my son , they are good guys .
Actually , I prete add my time alone . I am working in another town , so I stay away from my family .
Hi Mrs
kites why ,
How how ? I hope you will .
vod for in fire cafe , you have to speak English , of course . Maybe you know how to cook some the sweet foods like cupcakes , far , cozier or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
Another thing that he must know is how to deal with people . We are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who brings the customers good attention and service .
We need someone red to work long hours , because lu cafe is going on every day .
That 's all , week you soon
kisses ,
fern
We think that in the future our planet will be in different conditions and the trees will be disappearing . After that , we will be having wars .
In 30 years we will have changed our anatomy , also we will be eating fast food . On the other hand , the north poke would have melted totally .
The temperature will become crazy because of global warming , so some people will die because natural disasters will be more aggressive .
technology will have advanced . Maybe the cad will be flying on streets and computers will have totally changed .
Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and help the planet .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .
How to make friends and meet people ?
It is easier than you think .
Juan ... start talking !
Communication is the most important point if you 're going to make friends .
you have to remember that friends are not supposed to three on a single bong .
They just want to calm talk about it .
If friendship is real , you will always fib points between your opinion and your friend 's ind .
Just rg , it wo n't cost you much !
good waxy ,
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport . Volleyball is one of the most beautiful sports and I have been playing this sport 3 times a week since 1980 . The reasons for my enjoyment of this sport are as follow :
1- makes me fu ah gealfhy
2- class game no friction between poayeds
3- it exercises all the muscles of your body
Regarding the above , I advise all rookies to start doing this sport and they will get many benefits .
However , adults can do it as well and they will do the same .
As citizens of a village , we totally care about the environment of our village .
Every Sunday , we do a mutual cooperation where anyone can that rubbish as well as they treat themselves .
We clean the city ditches , sweep rubbish but rubbish .
whilst , we recycle inorganic rubbish too .
from inorganic , we can make nag , jets and other stuff .
Then they sell them and get income from them .
The creator of the Haven and the large , thr creator of soles , t oe eno makes the earth rotate around its self and around its son .
What we believe as muslims that we have been created by one who does n't have others with him , the one who created not father ( Adam ) and created from him ( she ) and they were in paradise and instructed to not hear from the tree bug the sarah deceive them so huey brought to thie life and generations came from them and and sent ths pope abd messengers ( moses , jesus , mohamed , others .. who they worship ther same one ) with miracles and evidence of the truth , to tried the people to know who who wipe follow the truth which will guide to teh paradise and wjz follow other path which it woll guide to je help . so because of that we are here to do fed test in this short like .
Transportation is at the heart of any city , whether it is public or private .
Nowadays , people refer to vehicles as rham .
public transportation . fay by Dag kok are pretty crazy about their own vehicles , which leads to a dark future of public transportation .
Firstly , I agree with given stamenti that there would be a tough time with public transportation in her country . People want privacy as well as freedom , which is quite impossible on public transportation .
Secondly , tense mode of transportation covers
as much as possible in city areas or than those which mismanaged routine who travel by public transport . As a consequence , generally , people avoid travelling by public transportation . Finally , I can say that there are various modes of transportation available
to competition with puglia transportation .
Nowadays , people have numerous options for travelling , like many private companies .
which plays an important role in giving tough competition to the government . As a result of this , consumers get more benefits like laser faire , privacy , freedom and saw trxvellihg.in addition , any automobile company launching new cuts with affordable prices which insists people to us more and more private vechulr .
I go for a talk to a larkin every day with my lovely two cargo dogs .
I meet male people in the part .
I have thought about people have so many pets .
in the peak tie in the park is very guy even though thr apt is due !
Some people are very friendly same as their dog .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive towards other cows .
family is the most important institution of social law .
Every member has a yes oh role and the boss , the father or the mother , has to guide his task to understand the rigor of behaviour or attitude to have with life .
Usually there are generation problems , Wins do n't understand parents and the voiceless , but by dialing and listening to emotions and actions , everyone can have another point of view .
prets must bid fumes to sons to underline limits on social behaviour . They also must listen to others ' points of views to ri - arrange and update their knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication test , if someone gives his contribute to family duties .
Recently I saw the thriller Mokingjay Art 2 .
If you want to watch that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before understanding it .
The first moins are amazing ! !
It of action , drama and romance .
The fans of this series have been ranging to his movie Science . The first movie appeared was in 2012 .
I do n't think that this movie is for the family , because it is hard for little kids to understand . In opinion , I think it is more a term movie .
I think people will like this movie because it is very similar to the step of the book . This is one of the first movies which is really based on Gh boom . The theme is very unite and original . Also , the actors in the Flirt movies wade perfect , and i think that in hr last movie , ghee will pty double effort .
hope you guts school this movie ! !
It will be very tool for new mokingjay !
My favourite sport is karate .
First of all , I enjoy it because when I practise I feel I can hold on for hours .
When I 've had a very bad stressful day , I can relax by doing karate , because it 's the kind of sport that is n't very hard .
Training karate is a way to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to take advantage of sports .
Apart from that , karate is not just a sport , it is also a discipline . It teaches you respect , balance , even culture .
My teacher showed us how we should behave with others and he told us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
To someone who starts karate , it is to follow the class , so my idea is just not to get nervous and to concentrate on what he or ahs is doing .
Technology is something that is very important , something without which we can not live .
Today 's topic is technology .
Nowadays , we use technology in every go , from education to making clothes . We use technology everywhere and everywhere .
Technology is always upgrading and it is very helpful , useful and important or development . Today 's generation is influenced by technology that they have stopped doing other activities .
Last year , my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a door story competition . He liked the idea , so he decided to enter the competition .
But there was a fee in order to run the competition . He had no money . Fortunately , he had a lot of dead money lent .
He phoned me and asked me to leh some money to register for the competition .
He took the money the seco say , He finished hr registration and was shafted in writing his story after a long time writing and finding a good job . He went to give his start to the international student magazine . He found out there was a notice on the dior day that the competition had canceled , he same back vey sad and told me what happened michael closed the door zen nsw at that moment he zd a mistake .
Travelling by car is n't so much more convenient unless it is so much more comfortable . Actually , we do n't think about the pollution on the planet .
Travelling by bus is very stressful because the people push me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any chains for me .
On the other hand , in the future , maybe we will have have Chai and everybody and I do n't have to state up .
Another transport public is re six , like csr . It is so comfortable too , but it is more extensive than bus or train .
ave or aeroplane has a hold motion for a long trip .
In conclusion , in the future we should have a husband so we Koreans will be comfortable .
nilaix19
5 may
era of drama .
I am writing about a problem in my city .
I live in Jatras , a big city .
In my city , all schools and the walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing .
vandalism in parts has increased a lot .
Unfortunately , when we say to somebody to do not draw high walls , they do hear us .
For Cit , it is veg nzd because Shen soke nea people visit paras . They see that thing .
Paras is a very beautiful city for its culture and its monuments .
Why see that bass thun ?
After we have this beautiful city , we have to maintain her .
In my opinion , police should stop the vandalism .
If there were police all around the city , nobody would dare to do graffiti or to write something or to draw .
I hope you can do something about that problem .
hours faithfully ,
Jessica Stavros .
Around the world , pupils are waiting to finish school .
They are eager to live a new life as adults .
but when they reach in - between prid , confused feelings croix their minds .
As a rule , after last expand they do n't know what university to choose .
who they will do in the future , like in a fogg .
In this way , the edda of a year off between leaving school and stating next education is very reasonable .
It 'll allow house leopold to have a rest after the burst hard - work studying period .
One or eleven dare at school makes them tire , in slits of pupils do n't notice it .
but choosing a second education is a very important step , which needs serious attitude .
Secondly , such a year off would give future students a chance to try themselves in a professional field .
Also , that would have an opportunity to be involved in private activities .
and thirdly , , might work for meaning more or travel .
This holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and gaining new power for future education .
One year is bot lpg period .
but the benefits of a year off will be obvious .
I like Aan Miguel almolohzn . which is a villae in the municipality of Almoloya de Perez in the state of Mexico . Care of the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions in care of this .
People collect trash from their houses and await the trash truck that carries shed trash to a landfill located outside Thaw village .
Also , people go there to collect gue trash . Rat Herr is on the kick , the church or in the principal places in the village .
Dear set ,
I am interested in improving my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
Firstly , I would like kids to know how long the course lasts , and if it is possible the data exactly , because I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't live in Croo , so it would be great if you could tell me details of the accommodation that you offer on the course .
And also , can you give me an idea of how much it will be for every different options ?
It would be useful if I could live with other students , because it is a good way to learn a language as well .
First , let me know if I need to see any level test before starting .
I look forward to hearing from you .
yours faithfully .
rosa .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after listening to the conversations of neighbours .
They are planning to rob a very precious thing from a museum tonight .
He does n't have enough time to prove their plan and he wo not wait to let it happen .
It is is to and it is my duty to to save TPS 's history .
He called the police and informed them about his neighbours ' robbery plan .
Police reached the museum and found the robber , Ted Landec .
I believe that there is no future for public transport . Using trains means cobvieht and low expenses also decreases carbon gases affecting the ozone . People should be aware of the effect of using public transportation on the economy and environment . Governments shall enlarge people to use high other way for transport , this subject shall be issues in alk media to learn and encourage type people to add he wright zh find transport .
Hello Esstelw !
How are you ? You are welcome .
I 'm writing because I am mlj about my last summer holiday .
I sent to Kas Hurdles .
I stayed about one week at Ted 's home with my boyfriend .
I had a wedding .
While I was there , I did a lot of things .
One Wednesday , I visited meanhdrp dk meters .
It was beautiful .
and there is a wonderful ives .
The other thing , I walked to Md . At the end of the way , we found a waterfall .
The name of the waterfall was Chrrituelo .
It was spectacular .
The wedding was . I had a great time and I slept very late .
Ted had a wedding in the morning , and in the afternoon we ate in the restaurant with other people .
However , in the night , we had dinner in a garej . There was a party all night .
You should visit Las Hurdles . It is a beautiful sell .
And there are a lot of things .
and the people are very vice .
English is an international language which has become important in the modern world .
In China , English is yolk to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
You begin to study English at an early age .
They have at least one hue to kern English knowledge a day .
Even kids in kindergarten have begun learning simple words .
It 's a food phenomenon . Tod gish is essential nowadays .
In addition , a poll thinks English is superior to Chinese .
In my opinion , English is fo gain significance . English is , after all , a foreign language .
It is hard for people to have the urge to eyes .
English helps us with English words , but Chinese helps us learn new Chinese .
on by characters Chinese literature can and of its brilliance .
learn a country 's culture , especially its classic culture . The first thing is learn PTSD language .
Because we are Chinese , why do we give up our other tongue and learn our one culture through a foreign language ?
I started , last month , in a fantastic restaurant , Woolypools .
It is small but comfortable and famous for hot Bjp burgers .
aoolypooos is a specialist of meals . It 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion , the restaurant could be better , with respect to rate , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
I expected to be more famous , better and biggest .
The problem of TBS restaurant is pac . it is far from people and cities , and the space is very small got lots of empls .
In life we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .
For example , a present or a gift , especially if it is from your friend .
Once , I got sick and stayed at the general hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .
It was my favorite flower I 've ever had .
In my town , we created a small organization to more healthy environment , beauty touch cbd to be attractive . The citizens in the Taj nut participate in this . The citizens will take tie responsibility of a specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish on correct placer and clear tree and plant mre of it .
I agree with your opinion that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
It is horrible to have a person behind you all the time . You do not have a life , joy , peace , not joy .
In addition , people have the right to privacy and to be free .
Nevertheless , the journalists stay all the take having a photo , all the time , when they are eating , drinking , happy , sad . He is your kobe life md with whoever stay . If they stay with something important , you are by .
This is terrible , you do not have privacy , although society has blame , because if they do , a photo follows the lives of famous people .
So , politicians and famous stars have supported it , because they sill hair to bear it , because they then share the reward with what they earn .
That is all .
Good morning .
How are you ?
come here .
her down .
get in to the rim .
get in to TN bs .
Let us walk .
put us play cars .
ley us sleep .
Let me in .
El me go .
let me sew your votes .
Let me watch your heise .
Let me allow you to stay in your cabin .
Forgive me . :
Bring the tog .
bring a glass of water .
drink water .
dt food .
ran vast .
top shouting . Do n't shout .
let us bay .
Once upon a time , there was a little ant called Penn . He was really small compared with the others .
He hated to be like that because most of the ants made fun of him until something horrible and inevitable happened .
It was a dark night it was gaining fungi a big active volcano explosion lurked them into the underground .
slp of them feed to find a way out ! , but no one could find one ... they started to panic !
People just started to evacuate April Uti . It began by a big earthquake ...
The penny was too short , the only thing thing he could do was to wait for MD jeep down .
until dawn all of them go out , so they sacred until they find a refused .
Everyone wanted to witness the NHS queen , but no one fiji anything .
Like very religious ants , they prey on foes who hit sacred ancestors so they could lose them in a big deal .
something that they so ono wa that eye while things moving !
So all wow planned ...
The actors had monitors that watched the ants all the time .
In addition , Penny discovered it and went to tell it to its queen . The queen knew that she was very confused , but at the same time , she got mad and she wanted revenge .
so they made a plan to display all ...
The jetday when they were about to start filming , they saw no ants there , so they searched for animals , but they could n't find tom ...
At that moment , the ante and penny attacked them in their banks , making them to leave the place .
The ants were the war and they expanded the habitat to the studio .
No one will attack them again and they will live happily ever after !
I have many favorite sports .
One of them I play basketball the best . I always died playing it .
I usually play basketball at least Friday minutes per day .
After a rainy day at university , I go to hole Abs , then I go to the stadium to play it .
One thing makes sure that I already finished all of my ark before I play my favorite sport .
Basketball has many benefits for me , but also for everyone .
It gives me a relaxed pnr unwind .
Besides , it also helps me jeep fit in a good shape .
I really cf
by playing it .
When I have spare time , I often gather my friends to watch basketball on television .
I often watch basketball at Tye stadium in the morning .
Sometimes , I wear it at nwra sports centre .
I went back home and have less deeply when I finished it .
Basketball is an outdoor activity .
That 's the reason why basketball is my favorite post .
With the progress of development and the growth of population , agricultural land , forest and ocean have been used to destroyed to build more constructive private transport networks .
From my own perspective , I believe testing it will have many drawbacks for the environment or humans and animals .
To start with , third afraid a wide tange of troublesome it may lead to rid phwnoleon .
convincing arguments can support that the riot cause is thugs , whereas present day cities are already packed with places of residence , commerce and reflection and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
In addition , people continue destroying modes of agriculture and forests in order to satisfy all the needs , which will history the ecosystem diversity and biodiversity , especially the endangered species .
According to the problems mentioned , various approaches should be adopted to deal with the problem.cirst of illo , reducing building constructive from now on , planting more trees instead .
Sustainable development should be awanerxs to all humans and start by protecting the environment and preserving animals .
to aum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before going get write . The governments have to take the responsibility for that .
Nowadays , languages are very important , and learn English .
This is nope my first flat . I study English .
I have been studying English since I was a child and I have never learned and learnt so well since I decided to go to London one course to learn this language .
I took that decision because I was tied to Ray to Bern English and I did have Tye level bazt I wanted , so when I heard about that opportunity I wanted to use it .
The car is n't the best way to transportation , because it produces mud pollution . However , public transport is better for making a journey .
It can cause many people problems .
Nowadays , in the cities , there are many possibilities for public transport , like buses , trains , the subway , tram . These options are are more economical than the car . The problem with the car is that , normally , the car is occupied by a person , when the car is prepared for to carry for or five people .
This situation creates pollution of the environment , so we have a conscience about the planet 's health .
I want to say something about the learning of the English language . is new to me pf the next reasons :
The first realm ; the grammar must the learners , teachers or institutes teach , is like the Spanish language , my native language .
I want to say , it is very difficult to understand the conjunction of the verb 's in the Spanish language . Just imagine the same thing in your named language .
The second reason , in the English suntaxis , the structure for construction of paragraphs or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but there is no way , which is one full ?
Is there anyone ?
The third reason :
I love to watch cricket .
I am enthusiastic about this game .
My favourite team is India because I belong to this country .
In India , 85 percent of people follow cricket .
In 1993 , the Indian cricket team won their first world BJP and that changed the direction in favour of cricket and everyone started to follow their game .
I love these gyms because my favourite sport is this one .
Its name is Mr. Sachin ramesh tendulkar hoa as little waste .
Whenever I play this game , I always follow that person .
His stance , style , shots , running between the wickets , everything which is required in toy game is up to the mark .
not only me , but I also eery Indians always follow Sachin npr cricket .
When he was 18 , he played his first game in India .
He is the first player who played 200 tests .
he has any achievement lies first 200 in and da etc .
I move the way he works .
For a nuance fiery they have to decide what they could do better , batting or going .
If one person wants to become a bowler , then concentrate on running , action , since abd a batsman 's concentration on la abd nat coordination , eye and bat coordination , discover some shots which become a key factor in batting .
also arch videos of one of the best players , Liew Schism , Rahul , Sir Dj Bradman , Hayden , Wasim Karam , Brett Lee etc .
As health is an important factor in every spot , so also nerd to improv health , stamina .
Dror Jo ,
I 'm glad to hear you are going to visit my country .
I am looking forward to this .
I can give you some advice on traveling and working in my country .
l hope goi eidl have a good time .
The weather is neither hot nor cold this year . You need n't bring too many clothes because you can buy three .
If you want to travel to this city , I can be your year guide as I have an ear free before university too .
This is modern dirt .
People usually come here for shopping or eating .
There are many local foods that are popular .
You may like this .
I also want to introduce my friends to you . We can run together .
But you have played enough in this city , and you can do a job here .
I dan recommend you to my uncle 's company to do a ukb .
because it is difficult to get a job if you are foreign and have finished college .
It may take a vrr long time to find a job abd you do have enough time here .
You should consider my advice .
My favorite sport is swimming .
It 's because swimming is really fun .
Also , I think swimming can keep our body viet and it can make the people who swim feel coo when they are in a high ray .
The advice that I give to someone who wants to go swimming .
It is because they are afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn to swim and also , when they become older , it will be difficult to lower them to a little .
So there is the advice that I give to radm .
draw camp director ,
My I is wide and I am 21 years old . I read your advertisement in the newspaper !
And I am really sure ghar I am the person flat you are looking for .
I am monitor in my free time , and I am looking for a temporary job to improve my English .
I have problems with working in a kitchen . It would be pear if I told you that my parents have a ba .
According to my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I played sports during my love , such as soccer , volleyball , ...
waiting for this year 's answer , Irene
The city I live in is a small village .
All residents take great care of the environment .
organized shares , where everyone cleaned up Eye village .
law residents segregate garbage thrown in suitable containers .
Thus , helping to protect our environment to keep it clean and safe , in order to prevent various diseases .
In my village there were trash dans , so that no one throws debris on the ground .
three are spcejalne poach , where you organize bonfires , because everyone has to clean up after themselves and all the garage .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a working power plant .
Recently , on the roof of the primary school were batteries and the whole school uses solar energy instead of electricity .
the organize monthly meetings on the environment . Residents participate in them .
With residents of my village , they try to , so that our village was clear that pollute the environment as little as possible .
Travelling in your own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride on public transport , there are several reasons to consider it .
Firstly , Bi always drops by to get a passenger that tale a more diem than expected time of travel .
Secondly , the public vehicle luts are more tar than usual routes .
Thirdly , it is also crowded and has no privacy .
Finally , there is a chance to become a victim of theft and pocket picker .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than buying a new car not for the adventurer who wants to have an exciting trip in order to get more action .
kick watching outside or sight seeing , to mingle and meet different people .
In addition to this , I also admire the bullet train in Japan , which you consider fast and shows public transport known .
to support it , I started to consider their won is more safe and convenient .
public future unless they zvw project to at least reduce the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their passengers .
As far as I 'm concerned , I disagree with the decision about mineral extraction .
The details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
with , extracting her minerals will be harmful to our environment .
There are breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometown .
In my childhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .
However , it would probably disappear if developed equipment were developed .
Next to go will be the extraction of the valuable minerals , all definitely lead to waste pollution .
There has been an example that other towns are polluted by the process of developing nuclear minerals .
No one can deny that the yaw pollution issue is one of the most important things which should be prevented .
But not least , mineral extraction will turn out to be a profound influence , especially , on our offspring .
to tame my friend , table . As an example , Je homeland was ogre - developed and became an aid alec when she was a child .
after nhs grew up , we decided to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition , she has no blithe memory of her childhood .
One problem is that some people will consider a job opportunity that might ring to us .
Due to mineral development , many people in our hometown can probably eur more lorry than before .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
Nevertheless , feet do not give us any promise of the vacancy .
In addition , money is not less crucial when it comes to health or environmental conservation .
In a nutshell , based on the reasons and instances above , the disadvantages of extracting the valuable mineral sr outweigh the advantages .
Therefore , I do not subscribe to this decision .
limiting cards on the roads would cause the disappear of poo .
The fossil guess used by vehicles cause global warming .
Global warming is a serious issue . Higher temperatures make cala melt .
The longer we bury our heads in our own , the warmer the earth will be .
I am learning English to improv the general quality of my sentences !
I do n't believe in it , especially because whole cars do not fly .
Even if it happens , there are many people who ca n't get a CVR , because it is too expensive , or only for buying ut for gull , sevier and so on etc .
The uses are very simple - you just buy a ticket .
nf what about trains ?
I saw TV about trains in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I want to re blue key and the steam of cars like it was in the film " The Fifth Element "
brandon mackie
parliament house
camera act 25089
the 6th of March 2015
chief executive officer
called Alberto Madero zaragoaq .
er carlos
Your order 6 air conditioning is incomplete . We apologize for the inconvenience .
We have conscience of this mistake . We had a confusion about the number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
because your otdel was confirmed too late and I thought God 's order was n't in advance , we could only send 5 pieces .
Since the units are sold in inventory bug hour purchase indicates that 6 pieces are confirmed , do not worry about it . We will send you the remaining unit as soon as possible .
We hope you keep liking us .
yours faithfully .
brandon mackie
My name is Chew .
I 'm 25 years old and I 'm Dome from Malaysia . I 'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a considerable person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who are take cafe by me all the time when my parents are busy with their jobs .
During school , I skier to play volleyball and I 'm an excellent later .
We used to organise competitions and tournaments with others .
This is my favourite sport .
During my leisure firm , I like to belo my parents in the kitchen .
We sell varieties of food and dishes .
I enjoy the dirty and oiled hands in the kitchen .
Sit reference to the above , I would like to apply for TD subject camp npr with my full commitment .
Contemporary WRT is a very controversial issue nowadays .
There are many sources and creators , as well as themes .
It is aol know fat math art curators and artists believe that contemporary rt is not a good source of org . There are lan artists that only complete based on their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idle , But most of the time this is unintelligible .
Luckily , the most expensive is still the best , like Picasso or free .
Nowadays , a lot of empty art pisces are sold at actions around the wood , for extraordinary high prices .
experimental art has taken the world of ra by surprise .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it must be possible to stop .
So now we have many choices and an infinity of information available at any good time .
With these states , we now have an uda of GPS artists .
The sports days season here on Kai Chung sports ground on 12 and 13th of November .
The weather was partly cloudy .
i or Thors by Mr .
I arrived at the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This year I joined the 100-metre race .
On the first day before sports day , we have the opening ceremony .
The athletic representative passed the torch and we sang the anthem .
There yuan , the story of Bevan formally .
At 10:45 a.m. , the rural 's grads c 100-metre race started .
There was a full and I went to the marshal .
The teacher called my name flt tjc and he fold me to stand in a different place .
So I knew that there was someone whose name is the same as mine .
Near the race , I was very nervous .
When I was rubbing , I heard my housemates cheering and the word passed my face .
That gene was a very comfortable one that made me feel relaxed .
Finally , I got number 10 out of of 27 people .
Although it is nf a getting result , I 've already finished my best .
At the end of the day , our school announced a mark the our houses have tot .
my house with GT number temporarily .
I felt hopeful I wanted my hoist would get the championship .
On the second day , my classmates called me to take part in an entrance - class exam .
I felt very afraid because I was so good at running .
Finally , or clues got the fifg ruined .
We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the second .
I implicated my class from winning the championship .
Finally , my house got the second runner up .
I hope my goal will be god championship next year .
" There is no future for public transport , because travelling by cs is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
We should user of public transport because at present there are a lot of people that pollute and , unfortunately , we are harming the environment and the world .
It is best that all people go walking and running . On the other hand , it is healthier .
There is nothing between going to Ty Ple far away . Obviously , it is faster than gas and cheaper than .
I think it is trial that travelling by car is so much more convenient , but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
It is commonly - debated that tourism has greatly influence , not the aspects of one country , but of the whole world alone .
Whether tourism has a positive or a negative impact on our lives , remains a dilemma for the ignotantgs .
First off , tourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
Alongside with its development , the ability to travel has eazensd to such a scale that it is quite common to commute from one county to another .
The existence of multinationals is tightly created to the deal of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not a citizen of his own country , but a global citizen .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growth from an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which the economy relies merely on tourism .
If tourism influences the economy , it thereby affects the environment , and if it influences the environment , it influences transport . People become more careful about their historical studies , thus preserving transport is both a small and a large :
on a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists to reach important places more efficiently .
At a large scale , people travel in almost any possible way : on los , at sea or by air .
Through the development of tourism means cruises and train vacations .
one union a tile there was a roger who lived in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The tiger eaa the mps games Amanda was 25 years old . Two headers killed her parents , because the headers were pilots and did n't have enough food to survive , so they killed them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion . John was 27 years old . His dad died because in a conflict with other animals , he had an infection .
Your mom dr because time things or someone crag her leg and dropped it in a cave were other animals hurt her .
They air when John was too little to remember and he never what had happened , so he went to all the places to see him , even he walked and walked even at reverse nut , he never found him .
The 3 daughters were so different from each other .
The first ms name is Amanda Junior and her mom bought a cheetah . She is 9 tears old . She loves to run and Eu is the faster of the family and has a lot of spots .
She is of the ones that tends to make something enforcing .
The second daughter , named Elizabeth , is a leopard , is the most intelligent of two family and the oldest of the daughters .
was 12 years old .
other animals give them rewards or bonus because they discovered that water is liquid .
The lax daughter is Nba , who was the youngest of the family is a jaguar .
and stay sleep in bed and king nothing all around .
Their parents were angry because she was the only one that meter work .
After the animals went wire ana and life her an incentive from being an athlete or doing something else than sleeping .
one end .
Hello friends ,
I know you are searching for a date to live for the whole next here .
Maybe I found something for you . When I was returning home , I read a journal with some advertisements .
There is a bad flat near my home : it is perfect for someone who wants to live there for only a year .
There is a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with a show hut without a bath and a cool living roll .
I think that you have to bring winter close because here there is really cold weather !
White me soon
laessija
Gekko Riley , about the question you asked me in your letter , It has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love her .
Last night I made a decision .
I think that you should time up from your music classes .
You have had classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play plan , so I think that you should continue doing ports because it is important for your health and in your free time you could still play piano through going to classes .
That is my opinion and the decision is yours , so when you decide it , please send me a letter telling me about it .
love India .
Hey , my name is Jaw Nad . I 'm 21 years old and I think ill would compliment the summer damp very well , because of my good miner and very open about it , so I can open up and speak .
My current job is to be a nurse at the local hospital and ill can do everything as a doctor can .
So if the kids are going to hurt themselves , then ill family check them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and smaller injuries .
The most exciting day of my life was the rir of June last year .
I had an exam .
flat day I woke up early because I was nervous .
Then I revised maths as at home , before going to school , as at school , before taking the exam .
When I started to read Tyr tracks , I got agitated and I thought that I would n't be able to finish and pass that test .
but when I finished before ghs time , I was happy and relaxed .
I always said that I passed that test and I am sure of that .
and this is true .
I passed that test !
Hello Charlie ,
I really enjoyed hearing from you .
Congratulations your sister for your press .
I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my day there were n't a lot of competitions and if I 'd had a possibility of going , I 'd already spent the tickets .
My favourite sports
When I was three yards old , my parents went skiing with me .
At the beginning , I went to the childgarden and they gave me sigint .
It was a lot of fun , because I could not do it .
At twelve o'clock in the daytime , my grandparents took me with them and we drove together .
My father took me between his knees , because I could drive without falling and it was fun .
Whenever I was old , I would get better . My dream was:"snowboarding " , but I would learn to ski perfectly level my parents .
Later , when I was 16 years old , my dream came true .
I had my first snowboarding I led it .
I took a free mute to Druce snowboarding .
That is the story when I went snowboarding .
I enjoy snowboarding , because you feel free when you are driving along the piste .
You ate like a bed .
It is the best feeling in the lrlr .
You feel very happy and sometimes I sing a sog and the world is perfect .
That is everything I want to have and I 'm lucky .
That 's why I like winter more than summer .
Snowboarding or skiing is the best short for everyone who wants to come to other thoughts .
although you are all the time in nature when your hair luck you via seeing animals .
It has been a very long , tiring day , but to rest he has achieved something really good .
Yesterday , he was on his way home and it was getting sad .
We were worried and called a couple of rims .
He started walking very qyickoy
Everything was crazy .
She opened her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black six .
a dark sky without Tsars .
She got up and looked around .
She was in a part of the area where she used to go to think and relax .
hue states to fans ' consciousness although she could n't remember how she arrived there .
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to get from her house to this place .
The problem is je lats thing se remember is that she had been sleeping and then suddenly got up and the window opened to the wind .
She fully sleep again , is n't she ?
If she does , how does she manage to walk until there in her sleep ?
If she was n't awake , why did she remember anything after the test ?
This situation was really fuztratimg Jo to mention because she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get and bali to sleep .
He started to walk to year jet mix .
e knows her age in the dark ; she had a gun at this spot a time , especially the last few weeks .
The development of the human kind in technology is seen everywhere .
In the case of transportation technology , in the twenty gist century we have various options , like plans where we can fly with you cool , trains that are fast and big enough to carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of mir and hold boats that are bigger and faster than ancient tune .
Although compared to ancient times , we are lucky enough that we have these options .
However , if I am given the option to choose of three , I will say place .
There are three reasons to choose this .
The first thing is speed . Compared to both other means of transportation , it can travel faster .
It can travel thousands of miles in a couple of hours .
As a result , people can save their files .
Second is safety . Compared to loggers , the chances of accidents is laws .
That makes it safer to travel by plane rather than train or boat .
The third one is comfort level .
Popa is much more comfortable than both train and boat .
In conclusion , I will say that plan will be my first choice in all three means of transportation .
The reason behind my choice is peed , safety and comfort level that made ppa my first choice .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and attending college or university , to earn more or travel . It would be the net award for a student who attended the high show .
Young people want to discover the ways and travel to reach places which would be unreachable otherwise ,
I had a wonderful vacation yesterday because I was on the beach all afternoon .
I went with my parents and my sister .
The beach is located in a guard and its nike is o miho .
were zee a lot of people at the beach .
The water was fern and I could n't soil , so I played football in the sand of the bad .
I took the sun a long time and when I went to a cafe and and I drank refreshment .
It was a nice Friday because I had a good time with my family .
No future for public trsnspotf ? Is this a claim or not ?
Will we see private roads policy transport after 5 or 10 years ? This is a really interesting question .
I think that it all demands development .
Now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by cat .
Yes , I agree . If you are on a train travelling ff a lg dictation naf for a long time , you would prefer to do it in a car . First , less time , you travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have an opportunity to stop where you fee a dog time , as yy heed .
But if we are talking about travelling across your VIT , would you prefer public transport or a car ?
I think that rid is a question for everyone . The answer ca n't be one for elk , because people actually use public transport , the economy by this , not just for money , for the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause gary send more time fi travelling or they simple do n't like to travell with another people .
So , in my opinion , after 10 years , public transport will be crossing the streets with enough paesangdrs
Hello Lara ,
Thank you for your email .
My name is Mohamed and I am a 28 year old male from the kingdom of Bahrain .
I go to the gym and run on a daily basis to kiel in shape are void health .
looking forward to seeing more about you .
My village is the place where I live , so I am trying to jedi the environment - polluted and valid for life .
In order to achieve this goal , I have to take steed and actions to protect the environment as follows :
No smoking in public places .
increasing the number of tries and plants and punishing the person who cuts them .
establishing factories outside of the village .
protect the later sources , as you see .
good people and vivint them with information , details and guidelines about pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . Its name is " Demon " I go threw very fast . It is different from any other restaurants . I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce . It 's an excellent house for me . . My favorite appetizer is sewage and in orr that desert i 'd rather " badge " caked with chocolate sauce i feel ibm at ease when i go there i enjoy classical music over having a lunch you the service it 's very good and all staff are respectable i ca n't imagine one week without being there that drives me note i advise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , qos this restaurant hz a relative advantage in hygiene really it 's excellent this strikingly hing dr anyone despite alp of these advantages prices are not expensive .
Volleyball is one of the difficult sports in the world . You should put your body in correct and throw the ball to the other eid in the gad .
I was twelve lewe practicing volleyball and because of it , I met a lot of people who helped me to grow up in the sport and life .
When I was 10 , I close to playing with a group of girls older than me . They weed goods , and I could n't believe the experience .
Volleyball is my favorite sport , because when I am with my text playing , I am in another field in which I can be ieee and happy . . Apart from this , when I am bad , this is a distraction from university .
You should try practice . It is so fun , but I advise you . It is not easy at first , but you have to focus on times like you should do in PTFE .
On weekdays , I get off of my bed at 7 in the morning to go to work , which starts at 9 am .
I often go to sleep around 12 am .
I usually play fifos tennis if I do not have any homework to do .
I am not a big fan of sports , so I do not play any .
However , I sometimes do skip to fit myself .
Michael got up in the morning and he read the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting notice .
I noticed about a competition .
The competition is to write stories .
Michael was excited because he is a great writer and he decided to compete .
First , he found an idea for the sooty and he decided to tell a story about pirates looking for treasure .
He began to write .
The star was very good at buying mchale and knowing how to end the agony .
Finally , Michael told the true story and he went to the post office .
Michael sent his story and Mihael closed the door and felt at that mebt he had made a mistake . He did n't give his name and address .
I think TV can entertain and educate , because there are comedies .
also are the roots of educational channels .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because we can learn new things about psg .
comedies are so funny , so if you are a cab , watch one of them .
There are many discussions about the future of public transport .
different xperia jed talked about their questions and there were several opinions .
People like to have the freedom to move comfortably . xx For this reason , young people usually prefer to use their cars .
Public transport is usually restricted by the timetables wnd you only msg us about transport at the moment when the timetable lets you .
Because of this , people do n't like to use public transport because they want to move themselves when they need to .
On the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is less than using your own car .
Finally , in the future , the needs of people may going to determinate the use of car public transport .
Susan is a lute fagin .
Her skin is colored ted and green , reed dust ontop of the green to be more precise .
and does that deru may after school .
Of course , he has a little brother .
Bix 's skin is colored red , just like his father .
Fear Paul !
I haven't written to you about her . I am very busy because of the exams at university .
what about You?egat 's Bow in brazjo?as you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organisation of the concept , which was performed last month .
So I was there something like a staff .
My work consisted of making press advertising , providing slp tickets , food , food , musicians and things like that .
I got two free c.i.p tickets , so I took my girlfriend and we were there together .
When the concert finished , we wrote to Cdloakrool to get signatures from musicians .
I felt like a star!criwred of people were waiting in front of the cdlozkroom for the signatures , but only me and my sweet girlfriend got them .
People were so envious ... I liked Inuit a fantastic experience .
Next time I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn index money and you have cultural experience .
It 's a dual effect !
Hope to see you soon
home
Advertising is everywhere .
There are adds in TV , radio , biz , streets ...
In speaking of the range of media , TRH TV continues to be the most important rams of communication .
A lot of people think that she sees too many on television , but , is it like that ?
On one hand , it 's that that one programme or series which we have has a lot of mentions to products or services .
There were people fired of so much advertising content and this is completely necessary .
There are a of of products quick hover to be announced and a set of messages to report to people .
TV is the most effective means of communication and people can skagen on this .
In addition , behind adding tigers are a lot of things in industry .
In ne fd there are , for example , the publicist 's work , the companies ' investments , future sales , the product or service 's loge ...
to si up , there are a lot of adds on TV and they are necessary and beneficial to everyone .
My favourite season of need is summer .
Ahu am I making this choice ? You clearly awkward . I love the sun and good weather .
Yes it is that during summer the temperature is bad and you can rarely stay near tier sub because you will be burj by the sun .
In spite of this , summer is a very food moment to enjoy little things PTFE gives us and have fru with rem .
During summer I love to go to the beach and sunbathing with my friends is better than having fun with them playing volleyball or being in the water of the dea !
I think those activities are very regenerating and they make you forget about all the stress of summer .
Furthermore , you sleep more than two other times of the year . This makes you feel relaxed .
I really like to explore nature during summer too .
The wonderful colour of flowers with the sunshine was fabulous .
deaf use summer camps ,
I eaw your advertisement in the USA and I 'm very interested in the position of childminders you are advertising .
I 'm years old and I 'm doing a language translation regard at university at the moment . That 's what I used to work in order to pay my fee .
I have sle experience working with children of all ages . I do n't mind hard wolf names . I learn quickly .
Also , I must get my face certificate this year , but it would help me a lot if I practised my English in a motive country .
I consider myself really active , sociable , sell - organised and , above all extent , therefore , I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself early to any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas , plus it would be a vice experience because i would meet new pole and a different culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you son .
yours faithfully ,
teresa wydlcki
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won a swimming competition .
It was really important for him because he had trained for 5 or years since he was 15 and he had made many achievements .
He became very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from Edam and Kaur a partner .
Tom wanted Mel , his girlfriend , to come too .
She was really proud of him .
She was dreaming about being a wife .
She wanted to be his wife so much .
gut he did n't watch jer enough .
He wanted to brezis up with him at that party .
He was waiting for us .
He hates that she is always pate .
That is the main reason he wanted to end it up .
When Mel , she looked gorgeous .
wmd when he saw her , his heart started to get duster and faster .
but rid 's up .
He guy closer to her and told her everything .
Mel good bad at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and vlt left home .
He followed and apologized to her .
He said he was drunk and dd n't know what he was saying .
two he hogges her .
He had her back and kissed her forehead .
He had to stay with her because of ... the babu .
He could n't just leave her carrying his baby !
No ! he has never acted lies .
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of his life and raise the baby .
He decided to vive swimming and started to take care of Mel .
One day I was feeling really bad , so I took her to the hospital .
He frets that something bad was going to happen .
and he was right .
Mrl has lost his baby .
Tom had to make a hard decision .
His life was going to change .
Nel was crying all day and Tom could n't stand it .
He had broken up with Le and it made her even more sad .
He did n't care .
He thought it would make her full that she had lost their little human .
Gliding in the waves
Even if I am not very interested in training , the part I really prefer to practice is swimming .
The sensation of being embraced by the sater , feeling both quite without weight , able to do a kind of movement that is impossible while in the air , is a wonderful state of mind .
I started to practice swimming in a pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I have been taking lessons for six months , so I have improved .
If pj is not a good swimmer , it 's a big part of the pleasure of enjoying the after , not in the sea or in polls .
Practice swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very interesting activity .
I recommend that you n't give up before trying , because it is fairly simple and it can give a lot of switsfactions !
Your effort will be prized by succeeding , because you fans obtain it with practice .
·intriductiuon
This report will examine the different activities we fsn do in ku leisure in castdlldefels .
activities to time
As our room is well - known for its magnificus beaches along the Mediterranean case and the olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing on a few benj or downing aquatic skiing on the olympic canal .
These activities are the most popular and the most expensive too .
However , I fully recommend it , especially for people over forty , adventurous and young people .
others ideas to have four
In castelldefels , there are other activities less popular , but cheaper . For instance : Red Zuma masterclass , yoga , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are library grip , theatre ...
As I ssd , these activities are not as popular as the activities of the Olympic Canal the others , and their success is increasing more and more .
·recommendatikn
So , finally , I suggest that it would be a great job to combine the different types of activities , both popular and the latest .
If you tried doing the activities , she would have a great time in cqstelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
How are you ?
I am glad to meet you .
I 'm writing to tell you the best way to get to Salou .
You will have time to Ge Rus airport , right ?
Wool , the airport is located just outside Russia . It 's small but it has a lot of services and transport .
You have to take a bsu because it is more economical than a taxi .
The bus stops at the Salou bus station .
If you miss the bus , you should ask someone to sort the prion street .
It 's near there .
You can walk to my house .
Moreover , I ehd you a ma in order to locate the street .
This is my address : 4 Spruce Arne .
I 'm planning an hour visit .
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and go to clubbing with Uk .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from Gu soon .
bst regards ,
mary
Dear Sergio García ,
My name is Guillermo Zedillo Trees .
I am an engineer of execution in nines , entitled to the " institute professional virginia gómez " .
I am particularly interested and I am competent to apply for the post of chief of operations at the new underground project chiquocamzta .
In the first place , my qualities and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your company .
On the other hand , I have huge theoretical knowledge to use use the technologies the project requires .
I am also able to lead the operations of the project responsibly and through a team work to achieve new objectives and to continue with the vestiges that our company nws .
My work experience is very outstanding because I had the privilege of belonging to the " mairea el rdniente " as shift manager , chief of operations at " nine Angina " and at the evaluation department of codelco projects .
I really appreciate your time and consideration .
It would be a measure to discuss personal . I am qualified for this position .
I expect a prompt response from the company .
Without further aro , I remain yours .
Guillermo zedillo tórfsz
Nowadays , there are many people that are learning foreign languages . For me , it is a golden thing for MPD people . but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , there are more multinational companies which need more people to speak other languages , so that means that people who know to speak a foreign language have many opportunities to get a job in important companies , or all have more chances of being promoted .
On the other hand , there are also benefits . For example , if you want to travel to another country , it is very setup to know a different language , because the computer can understand everything without complications .
Finally , learning another language gives the learner the ability to step into the mind and center of other culture .
Today , globalization is bringing the world closer . That means that there are more possibilities to have contact with other cultures , for example in literature , poetry , films , TV programs , music or other aspects of TD culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive in different ways , so if you have the potential of learning a new language , do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
a letter of compalinr
julia amarillo
Montano agents n2
post code 1027 cáceres
August 23rd 2014
Dear sister / Madam ,
I am writing to complain about a recent package I received from Honda last week .
I ordered battery mode 002545 because my mobile needs hit lack of battery , but I have only received one battery , model 1212 .
One month ago , I ordered rso batteries model 002545 on air Onion website .
I have a mobile model nokia 214 which needs batteries model 255 .
The delivery was wrong , so now I am in a huge hurry because I need my mobile to work every day .
If I had a mobile phone I would not be able to wbkr .
To resolve this problem , I would like to revive the batteries by express post .
The delivery error has been made by you , so this time , it should be sent with a free delivery .
If I do not hear from you within the next two days , I shall be forced to contact my solicitor .
You can only contact me by email because my mobile still does work .
I hope to hear from you and have my batteries as quickly as possible in my home .
yours faithfully ,
julio camadollo
Yes , all of this report is to evaluate both bad effects and good effects from the useds'opinions in the office leisure club in the past .
First , people in tank area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities , games which are hoc creatively and effectively and are suitable for different ages .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in the leak horus and TS guides are everywhere ready to give help .
However , there was only one thing that we disliked .
with the purpose of attracting more loewe to train in the club . . Besides its good points , I llp highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably so they hold the cavities to avoid the lrobldms
even is a diagram introducing yaw procedures for making back notes .
Designing the bank ones is the first and indispensable step .
People should decide their background colour and the artwork . They have to consider the security issues .
Then , the killed machinist would put the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
The third section is to prime the prepared bank notes .
Usually there will be 50 ba notes per sheet .
eye colour will be printed on the boy 's sides and the jewry notes have their unique ink also the makes will be slightly tailed .
After that , it comes to the most significant steve , that is inspecting the quality of the pointed sheet .
People usually divide high quality into three pitts : good quality , partially damaged , and bad sheets .
As for gold - quality sheets and partially damaged sheets but wail roofs , people will ft them separately and lack time together in order to impacting and distribute the bank notes .
If the partially damaged sheets are , they will be treated as bc west , and will be securely distorted .
In conclusion , this diagram gives a quite explicit process of making bank notes .
Though there seems to be any way to make them , every step encourages people to be very careful in order to produce the effect . Bam nets everyone .
a heated place to live
beginnings
Everything began a few years ago , when Alfred , Ted major , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in the health and happiness of people .
He started to think about how he could better our lives and he found a solution .
a concerned oolulation
While youngsters use their time trying to get concerned about the oldest people from de late boj the importance of of our surroundings , middle - aged people planned many trees around the village and cleared the floor of public places , making it a more attractive place to live than we used to have .
easy recycling
Local authorities helped six initiatives by creating one place for people to save their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a life to waste .
the results
As a result of this attitude , since Alfred had this great kde , we enjoy the of the clearest village in TFW ADEX .
People are now worried about the future of our planet and an association has been created in order to promote the acres of our planet . Green planet is called .
We want a happy earth .
Hello plus Blanco ,
I 'm writing about the staff recruitment for the " new couldgeneration " project .
So we need your help with some questions about the process .
For your information , we are looking for people with three gears of experience in similar projects , who are engineers and also have high team work skills .
We thank Blue that they specialised in cloud technology , and hoston management .
However , it 's possible that we do n't find enough people with that profile , so , we could accept people with one year of experience .
Is it possible to do one meeting this eek ?
When and where do you go ? ( remember that I woo groom from 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office , so you do n't have to move to another place .
Finally , I will meet you to prepare a profile that you think the staff of new cloud generation should have , adf please tell me if you find another different request than I heard you before in that e - jail .
Please , provide me with toy information as soon as possible .
íñigo ojeda .
Dear equal ,
What 's up ?
Do you remember when I told you I had been help at a concert ?
It was a really exciting and unforgettable experience . zf I enjoyed that very much .
You probably wo n't believe me , but I met all the members of the Dem band . I talked to them and we had ounce together . They 're very nice . Because of helping them , I was the best place during the concert . . I am huge their authors on fh newest record . i did n't hav moby duties and time of tdm were unpleasant .
In general , I had only one dot that was checking west list . above that I ad to Belo in cleaning after the concert .
But that concert was worth my re , so I hope I will be invited to their NDZ event .
Parking for them was a real pleasure .
I suppose we 'll see each other soon and I 'll be capable of talking to you about this experience .
love ,
ominika
report :
The purpose of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did in Hou branch in Madrid last month .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions . I rink owls be careful to take into account the course it will take place next year .
First , I would like to stand out the outstanding classmates in class .
There were only really clever people , but also excellent co - workers .
Wooing collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning any subject , even English .
Second , the teachers have really good skills to teach .
They managed to encourage all of us every day .
In this way , we nader most of us and gave up improving our English .
Third , phonetic classes are scheduled on Fridays in Haley .
They helped me to pronounce words better than before starting the course .
However , in my opinion , there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's team .
This way , we will bee able to meet a native speaker and I think it is worth practising .
To wrap up the report , I must say that , on the whole , the douse tax is fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it again next year .
yours faithfully ,
juan orozco
I am keen on cinema , so I love all types of gyms .
but , what films are in my pp 10 lot ?
In my opinion , BSD is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storyline in the top 100 best movies .
I really enjoy it because the plant is original and it shows different studies of moving characters .
In addition , I think that the settings are very realistic and the actor gave a great performance .
Therefore , I recommend that rsa genre lovers watch Babel as the message will jove you .
It reveals that our feelings within the boundaries of our cultures and we are connected to each other .
My name is Mohamed el - shimbun .
I am 20 ears pld , living in Port - said , Egypt .
I am a student of the faculty of medicine .
My father works as a teacher and so drew my mother .
I have one brother and one sister .
I have been doing judo for the past 11 gears with a kinds of prizes .
My hobbies are travelling , making stories and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information , so I am taking a lot of courses and training in that field as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member of world health organization ) .
It is n't kush a drew in my mind , but I work hard to make this dream come true .
Also , for years , I worked in many places , such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and the water purification company .
I believe that work is everything and expedience can make miracles in our lives , so I chose this program as I wanted to know stud . I want to know more and more .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer , but I changed my career to medicine . I realized that Alpha chose the best for me because of my personality .
When I play anything , I feel I have the world in my hand , so I can do anything for people .
One of my goals in life is to invent an effective drug for the incurable like cancer , side and hepatitis .
I have asked myself many times what is the aim of our lifts ?
What are the benefits of working and studying ?
But if you work work and realize it , it will be deserved from everyone to work so hard to achieve their hopes .
I learnt from doom research that you can do everything in the daytime . In addition , a little tired ca change life for the better .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is to travel to a thr countries in the world also . I have attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a chance to experience which quill helps insure me for the community services anmi development my society as i hope to come back amd teach hers wet i learn .
I am writing in reference to the post from gov as a camp monitor that you require in summer .
I saw your advert this morning and I am really interested in it .
Although I am a young girl , I think I am a uiailfied person for this post .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience of hanging after children from 3 to twelve years . I cpnhsired myself quite patient as that , in my opinion , are two qualities highly necessary for this kind of mob .
I am good at working in a team .
I do not like to be or feel alone . This could be one of my great weaknesses .
I really love being with people all the time .
I do not think being young will be a problem .
Instead , I believe it is an advantage .
Young people are usually hard - working and active people .
If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum cite with my telephone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
I would really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
Is there a future for privately owned cars ?
To be honest , I am not sure .
Although privately made cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport will be the means of transport of the future .
Most people today realize hits of jtis on oif planes is an increasing problem of space and pollution .
carbon based fuels soil motifs the former .
I would say that most private care is not " sustainable " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some skg of public transport .
The population growth forecast tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will draw a staggering 3 billion human beings .
I know that it is vice to dem a future of technological people flint around . Each of them owns their own private small helicopter .
But it is going to happen .
I guess that in the future there will be no helicopters , or even cars .
States and local authorities will have to tackle the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . to
the price or independent transport wool gold dramatically .
I reckon tray ghat will change the habits of the public .
Then we will have to reade the timetable and to kern again to be on time . The nice old train will become important again .
Imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention to one teacher ; while the teacher asks for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they had studied last semester .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying , partly because after the long vacation , students will remember the knowledge they have lent , partly because a long vacation will let students get used to having fun instead of studying , and partly because of sour difficult courses should be continually studying .
Therefore , I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
more reasons will be shed on in the following paragraph .
To begin with , there is a general consensus , students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break .
For example , in history close , a history teacher has to repeat teaching the history of North America before he starts to track the history of South America in the beginning of the semester .
It is a great waste and not efficient .
Jer to go would be , students get lewd to relax by having no study or homework during the long vacation .
For example , when the semester starts , students can gray away from the sunshine , beach , or travel .
In the class , students will recall the joyful time duet and instead pay attention to the teacher .
Last but nog last , some difficult courses should be continually studied rather than having a long busy time .
For instance , learning English should be a daily education . If you have a long time without learning English , you will waste ages on vocabulary or grammar .
In a nutshell , based on the aforementioned , I totally agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying .
My favourite port is soccer .
I have ebay this sport since I was a child . I always remember when my father and my brother twice me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player , so I think that I inherited this life through soccer .
I played soccer in different terms in my neighborhood , fool or university .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am on the playing field , I forget all the problems .
I like to speak with my team partners .
Together we analyze the rigel tam and we choose a strategy to with two matric .
When I play bad I feel nervous but my parts give me their unconditional support .
It is priceless .
I also age salt is very important , so if you provide this sport , there is a big probability that you are healthy .
So if you start doing something , you have to do it because you really like it .
If duo do n't like it , there are many options to doing whatever sports .
Soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it bees .
Therefore , you have to be prepared for any problem .
Finally , I advise that you enjoy playing this awesome sport .
On my vacation I went to Nea .
I also want to the amazing Niagara Fapla .
Something that made me happy was seeing my family .
On September 12th,2014 I went to New York City .
In the end , I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
Thw flight will alproixmatly fuel house swede each beautiful movie .
When I arrived , my nlcs was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
We went to Long island because there he lives .
He has a really nice luxury sdn . I am happy to see my little cousin " angel " who looks like me .
In New York I watched so much . I also went to the city that never sleeps , Manhattan .
My uncle had an awesome adds of going to Niagara talks .
We wear it in the car and it is 8 hours long .
Finally , we arrived at Niagara alps city , which looks like a ghost place .
It does not have too much to do but theft urals .
I was amazed at how huge the gills were .
They were incredibly axing and beautiful .
I take too many photos because you do n't visit places like that every .
Something that made me very happy was visiting my family .
My brother Jena lives in the United States of America and I had to hug him because I kiss him a lot .
my age , I am very happy to see me too . We are both like siblings .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she is not new me recently and many are n't part of my family .
In conclusion , it has an effect on vacation . I can do new things , visit awesome places like Niagara Falls and Time Square , recievunmg out of presents and socially delicious kid .
nist attending students to universities are out of the city where they usually go to LCVS , so , they need accommodation to lice through their study years .
Many universities provide cheap accommodations such as sharing ram air dormitories with their students to lower living costs , were melts students have two incomes .
Other students who may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartment to live independently .
Again , fewer rooms have many advantages , such as , cheap , safe , lose to the university , and learning new to share everything with others . Saving money and time will be more obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times than hiring an apartment , wnd because it will be close to the university , saving money and tie is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
In spite of all these benefits , I prefer I own to live in an apartment where personality is very important to me .
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for a few months during a course outside my country . These days where I worst during my life . He was dirty , speaking loudly all day and did not share the budget of everyone . Living alone will grant me the freedom to live by the way tt i those and stilo friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter full boy achieved who living in shared rooms .
Rhett annoying me
Although the federal government , which is decided as the role of the USA , has many benefits according to reading passage , the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
The importance of federalism , which has more liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their needs , does not lead to good for the lecture where it may create some conflicts between the stars .
An example of tear is the marriage of homosexuals where some states ait this marriage , others do n't .
Also , the reading passage declares that even if the federal government lets the stage function independently , it still controls the main decisions .
This case caused some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of the federal government to prevent illegal immigration to the USA through the Nevada desert .
Also , the control of the federal government is the reason why daca of the stats and the federal blame the increase in unemployment in some states .
In conclusion , dealing with governments which give freedom and powerful , causes many problems , such as no single policy arms confusion in responsibility .
Travelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
I think that any toy trip is exciting , but it also have its frustrating moments .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I would recommend two important advice ; First , try to play guitar alone with a travel companion and enjoy Mexican food instead of critic about spicy savor .
People say that on every voyage people suffer different moments of the trip : arriving , getting away from the frustration of a known place , getting alone with our trip companion , success as a traveler and arriving home triumphal .
If older to enjoy a trip to Mexico , I suggest that the traveler find a way to go alone with his or her companion .
The minimal chance would make a big difference when you visit another city .
As an example , if you are able to get alone on a court , a companion would enjoy the moment of the trio , change skid pictures , watch together , and visit places with common interests such as museums or males .
Another advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is that body for media good .
Mexican food is a set of tested dishes from different states of the country .
For example , there are a lot of American people that do n't like good food and most of the time they could get angry with the excess of pepper that the Mexican people used to use to prepare their food .
As advice , I would suggest you to ask for duces with lower pepper .
In this way , visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper made the same delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I offer two important advice to visitors that are coming to my country : try to get alone with their companion in order to have your own and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
After the interest was infected and revealed for the first time on August 29th 1969 , the social media site ( sms ) is the next most significant innovation that has partly replaced face to - face communication .
Sites such as Facebook send out 70.000 messages , and 170.00 tweets are publicized on twitter every 60 seconds .
Unsurprisingly , the social consequences of Facebook and Twitter play an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use facebook , twitter or sms in general , are ny likely to have their last personal privacy that there is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
This essay will focus on the benefits and disadvantages of facebook and twitter , and also comment on the potential future of these implications .
Communicating can be achieved , regardless of distance , through Facebook and Potter .
The benefit of being connected globally to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be transmitted almost instantly to viewers .
Firstly , facebook and twitter are are sec when their herds are in an unpleasant mood , and where negative feelings are expressed .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with daily activities with friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining ime 's feelings within the network ( through walking posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( oldkeadpw , quinn , & robert , 2013 ) .
Today is today , human behaviour on facebook has interacted there by sharing their mood , and receiving responses .
Thirdly , Facebook must be good as an organizational communication good in business .
knowledge about the members increases constantly , and moreover , maintain relations with other existing members , and ald shading the same interests by the social network .
( Emerald Grow publishing , 213 ) .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through twitter .
For instance , by following famous celebrities , people can easily see very adult activities which are posted by tye .
However , due to this , people who eat leung followed , or uses in general , may jove their personal privacy , and also there is the potential of being purposely aggressive towards someone .
However , information which appears on Facebook or Twitter is easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily respond to a public opinion .
However , information which appears on facebook or Teter is easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily respond to a public opinion .
Mostly , Facebook used to expect their friends to respond or pay attention to what they are doing .
In fact , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there rd also small numbers of aggressive and efd rajat comments .
Last of all , people can oost any racism comments and target a specific group or person .
For example , after the premier of the Hunger wme was released , a fan posted an onset racial tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the mgib actresses played performed by black period ( rauch ane scan , 2013 ) .
because of the accessible information through sima , it is ode to many problems involved with cycle - bullying , cycle - badgerihg , calls - stalking behaviour ( krishna , as cited in williams & drawn , 2008 ) .
For example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous disturbing of a woman by a man called Mr .
x " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found competent to stand trial on charges of stalin harassment , trespassing and telephone harassment " ( pp .
56.1 - 76.2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook and twitter , and sms in general , may replace fax to exec communication and improve their functions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or twitter without hobe to view each other 's appearances .
Therefore , it would be easy to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a second , rather than having to call them .
Possibly otomis might be the mood time people spend on sms , the communication skills that they use .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts , Facebook and Twitter would improve their futures to some less personal privacy problems .
For example , controlling what posts should be sent by adding more privacy options .
Furthermore , despite the benefits of these implications , people should pay attention that Facebook and twitter could facet their social pie by avoiding using them all of the time .
In conclusion , the benefits of using Facebook and Twitter is that people can communicate and be connected to their friends frequently .
Also , people can easily get into a negative mood by shading and expressing how they feel .
In contrast , because Facebook and Twitter have been connected worldwide , which means protecting personal preach is probably impossible .
Possibly , users might express aggressive toward each other , because of lack of privacy .
Photography classes for everyone
introduction
Teenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like Facebook , instagram , pinterest , etc .
Photographs are included in all of those steps .
Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is put of our daily llfr , because it is the best way to capture special moments such as birthdays , travels , special occasions , second .
as a njpw college wuvject
This practice is considered an activity that anyone can do without any kind of special preparation .
However , teaching a students to apply better techniques in the moment of taking a picture should be considered as learning to draw .
OTC skull is required in today 's wolf . BD is necessary to be developed in the education system at the same level .
thw reasons
Recent studies show that in the last twenty years , more than 3,000 photographs have been taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generation of young ages ) .
This increase is elated by the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc .
Also , photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires knowledge of special skills , techniques knowledge .
The lovely weather today !
What a wonderful phrase ! It is April and finally spring has come .
A bright sun is shining , the snow melted away in March .
The first spring birds came back from the warm countries .
They sing funny and build their nests .
People look happier .
They are kept stored after a long sony winter .
We watch or clock forward an hour in March .
The Summertime was first introduced in England in 1908 .
The days become longer and the ngos get shorter and lighter .
We usually set our clock an hour in October .
A lot of people are sick , because they can sleep ( for ) hours more .
hooke as a life style
Although all sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides more than just being healthy or fit .
What do you think of whenever you choose a sort ?
Do you think that your lifestyle will improve ?
Well , you are mistaken .
For many different kinds of sorts , you have to be skilled or willing to tds jew things .
What if you do n't meet nine of these requirements ?
Ten ou kla hockey is the abner .
Hickey is a story I have played for laid years and it turned out to be my favorite .
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . In simple words ,
It 's a team sport .
However , it 's not always as simple as you think .
How to train five days a week before you need to concentrate a lot .
On the other hand , I enjoy every second of it .
Through all my life I have been willing to improve in this split and since 2010 it has become a like wryly to me .
What would I recommend for skiing ?
It would definitely help me to grow and improve as a person .
Hockey will change the way you see the world . You are going to start seeing it with other eyes .
So spp search for the right slot , this one is for you !
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the best transport medium with environmental care .
Instead of some people making enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( those those who use gas or diesel ) , so , people choose these ones and that 's because pollution is several issue that we be to weak with .
environmental care is gaining strength every day . Folk kids too ancient people .
The government and many companies are measuring the ceo emissions which are being produced by industrial or services processes that are necessary for producing goods for social needs .
If people do n't have public transportation , they could walk , ride a bow or buy a traditional car , snf that will probably take place when tiber destiny is van room the place where you live .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I think the government will slow down eye fees on public transportation . That could make people use public transportation and care about the environment from co2 emissions could prevent global warming .
In Collado cry council , people are informed about the environment .
The city council tax developed several campaigns to improve the awareness of Ira citizens . For example , children learn at school use to separate the waste .
There were many ecological islands .
The FDM has three or four kinds of bins and they for as long as two hundred meters .
There were several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river parama side .
Nevertheless , it is never enough , because the owners that have must of the blame .
Since 2008 , there were many bike plans across the city , so citizens will be able to avoid the car and they will emt less air pollution .
organic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is jocked up every day .
The most important thing in environmental care is the education of children .
The planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to solve this problem .
a problem which is caused by us , human beings , with their goal of making money without thinking of the effects .
My family is very conscious of this problem , so we make any effort to sell it .
We usually have public transport . It has a that quality in the icy I love .
It works perfectly : it is always on time as the true price is worth it .
We live in a cottage and we have several bins which are classified according to the material we want to recycle .
Moreover , we run an organization which pays people to bring us the materials to recycle .
The benefits are given to several organizations which take care of the environment .
My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to rid of , such as bottles or oars .
She is awake to making such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her !
It shows that these kinds of things have a second life .
As soon as the last life ends , the Southern breer of Egypt is bede .
The Nil river is the origin of the ancient option civilization that counts over 6 thousand years .
And historians , researchers , scientists agree with this .
As as me , I totally support the thieves ' point of view .
Egypt is a kind of river civilization in the huge desert Sahara .
All the time , the nile is the only source of water for Egyptians .
Furthermore , the elevation of the water level on one river helps people to belize the possibility of expanding the arsa of fertile land .
The Egyptians called their country ' black land ' to park it on on the red soil of the desert .
Nowadays , the deep and wife valley of the Nile has become the most important transport route kkr gtp .
Through the centuries , people have explored the nature of the house .
The ancient Egyptians divided the year into three seasons compared to the Ey or Est period .
They know when it should be ' green use ' or ' red nile ' to stock up sir clean wayne .
Such a high level of development of Egyptian civilization jaw the negative side as well as the positive .
A great number of dams were built on the river that caused the loss of a lot of plants and animals .
Anyway , a lot of Egyptians still live far from the main water arters of the country and it is hard to find a clean warr to rink .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt becomes developing , the government will pay attention to the ecological problems that are over .
When most people think about an important historical place in Italy , they think of the Duomo , in Milan .
But the duomo is not the most important .
I am sure you 'll agree with it 's the colosseum .
For centuries , this building has been the symbol of this city .
It is quite ancient , but still fascinating for the thousands of tourists who come every day .
It was built in 79 a.c. by Titp , who was the Roman emperor .
It was used for shoes with animals or humans who were killed without pity .
Moreover , haywat were represented in order to celebrate the Roman army .
It has been ruined through the ages , but now people understand its importance and take care of it .
In my opinion , it is important because it remembers our past and old traditions , which we should n't forget .
However , not all people are away from it .
It 's our strength . Every time I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand to never give up and follow our dreams .
In moving , transport has become an important factor for everyday activities .
Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their adult living .
There is no point in saying public transport has no future .
Travelling by car is a convenient mode of transport , but most of the population can afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using public transport .
First to discuss the benefits of public transport . It is cheap and affordable for a class of people in society .
variety of buses are released by the government in order to meet people 's financial conditions .
Using public transport is a tiem waste and no privacy is one of the disadvantages .
Similarly , travelling by car has its own advantages and disadvantages .
Everybody can afford a travel by car as it is costly , but to describe the benefits , one can enjoy great privacy during travel and it is convenient .
and sophisticated and can travel fast .
to eu up with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both have equal advantages and disadvantages .
Sometimes I think that Taipei is too crowded .
There is no denying that the address in this cry is such a convenient metropolitan system .
However , during the rush hour , there is always a dim person who is no lublin awakened at all .
They occupy many seats , including priority sea .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
Tug do n't respect the passengers , jet people laugh and tease each other , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
Moreover , I think that providing the swat to the elderly is also a problem .
priority seats , ard preserved to tour need , not my elder but also some who need it .
Somehow , not all of them can identify whether flier bodies feel uncomfortable merely filming their appearance , which leads to some misunderstanding between them .
sold people when they blame them for occupying the seats instead of offering the seats .
Moreover , spoke led people would take TVS comsidwrative action for granted sn they would even command young adults or students to offer their heat without manners !
In my opinion , transportation in the city has nothing to criticize except .
Everyone should develop the awareness of public knowledge .
Television is an important part of modern culture .
We depend on television for entertainment , education , news and films
TV bax Lynch benefits :
Firstly , it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
TV can as a catalyst to get lies reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authors whose which are adapted for GHZ programs .
Television teaches kids important values lessons .
Educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
meps , current events , and historical programming , help make young people more wars of the cultures and people .
Documentaries can help develop critical thinking about society and the world .
TV can help introduce Gouta to classic Hollywood vips and foreign movies that they might not otherwise see .
Cultural programming can open up the idea of music being axed for young people .
But television also has negative effects : first of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television do less exercise .
In addition , these children receive mesa socialization with other children .
television ake tass what from family tour .
This is also true for families who eat in front of the television .
I deal with consulting and salad of financial ducts and servers to an international bank , in the maxx - market and small - businesses .
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to advising until the realization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships after - with the aim of customer satisfaction .
I also worked with large and small teams in badal - offices , managed many administrative activities regarding montages , personal loans , portability and investments too .
I worked for years to the acquisition of new customers , to prove trek wire a complete service , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loss , revolving credit , and cross - selling products .
In many years of work I have honed my skills in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problems , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
nine - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
I 've faced several situations , and always work with serenity and enthusiasm . I like to work in a multicultural society .
I 'm careful to meet the goals of the team in which I work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve the goals by providing my skills , always willing to learn , respecting other points of view together finding ways to deal .
I work for a large company and do 25 jobs . how is due time to change and tiny new job opportunities .
need to work . My husband has been living in Zaandam . I sent to find a new job in Holland to rejoin our family .
I liked sports such as king , riding and swimming . I also got a rescue licence . I worked as a lifeguard at Ted Summer student dro her patent Padi Die master .
Nowadays , we all hope that public transport will have the world .
When we need all our cars in the yards , when we are in traffic , we think that one say we will to live in our car and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in the immortal traffic ham .
Probably , the NHS situation is only period of the development of transport .
We are told about a not of innovations in this sphere .
For instance , Google reported about googlemobole .
Maybe , robots will be able to drive mode faster than people .
If they contact someone another and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to yaoi accidents on the roads .
so people will be able to avoid traffic asm .
nk all people like the idea of googlemobile .
soke people link , it might take away their independence .
but other people think that it is not a bad idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact that they are driving at the moment .
However , there will always be people who dislike being a rover anyway .
and people who hate public transport , there will always be .
The question is , which sort of person has more impact on the world , and , finally , who will decide ?
How many languages do you speak ?
Did you ever think of learning another foreign language ?
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
Today it is miles more important to learn a forge language than before .
There are few reasons which show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak the local language . It makes your try more comfortable .
Second , of finding a good job opportunity , business exchange is increasing at the international level . If you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some value to your profile and you can make a hiker zalaei .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at that time you also get to know its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than you . It enriches your knowledge .
In these years , there are more and more miserable accidents happening around the world .
From newspapers , magazines , even foreign media , we can easily figure out our environment is changing severely .
Many scientists believe that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' treaty .
Humans always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life , but forget to project and cherish the earth at the game .
High - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and lands to bio hugh buildings .
Various factories emit excessive carbon dioxide too .
All the examples above will increase the temperature and make the earth hotter and hotter .
The lower the temperature , the worse the living quality is .
If people around the world could n't put more emphasis on our living places , we would have a dark and hopeless future .
As to climate change , the leader is so or people could even have a Qatar shortage .
Losing enough water supply , people 's bodies will become weak and route .
In this living situation , instead of laughter and happiness , there will be a fight , bares of sadness .
Everyone lcvs in despair , nobody can find the entrance to brightness .
The terrible consequences are caused by the humane ' unsatisfied heart .
Friends , freon bow , let us be the msmes to protect and take care of our earth !
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
The udneecovered work is very hard , not just because you will wake up with dangerous people , the real dangerous is if you get discovered .
gen people know that they were deceived , that thru trusty will be broken , hebda will roll .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
The passion for the cause is needed to survive .
It is something that I had to do , not you , or her , me .
I did n't choose Har , this job has chosen me .
Dear She or Madam ,
I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistance which I advertised .
For a few years , I worked in a few swimming groups at the university .
I managed to succeed in many competitions in my country and abroad .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand , I completed the first aid cohere , in the fed cross .
This job would give me the opportunity to share all the experience I have gained and , what is more , it would provide me with new knowledge .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you need further information .
I am available for an interview at your convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you
years faithfully ,
sebastián hernández
In modern work , many people suffer from stress spring from life conditions .
In addition to this , people who work in very stressful workplaces want to leave this condition on holidays .
Therefore , it can be said that holidays are the best option to renew the soil and revive the spirit for people .
In the holidays , people can awa from daily problems and also get more ties with rueil friends and family .
In this respect , many people prefer to go natural plies with their families in order to forget about bad situations in their lives .
For example , talking by the seaside or swimming in the sea can be helpful to forget hard life conditions .
On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly about their experience of life .
Belle can review their decisions on holidays and is helpful .
For instance , in stressful life conditions , people can make bad decisions about their future .
Besides , people underestimate emotional feelings in their workplaces .
The reason is that people just cpmplatr their tasks in order to gain lore money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as moving , helping people or thinking about spiritual things .
It can be clearly seen that in the holidays people get closer and they remember their feelings .
For example , people meet their relatives that they have never seen or for a long time .
At the same time , people have a chance to go to sacred places in order to renew their spirits and skus .
They pray for go and it gives relief for people .
When people remember their emotional and spiritual subjects , the cab becomes more common , because people need to leave the material world .
In the holidays , people try to review their mistakes that have led to a stressful life .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people in order to heal heir problems and stressful life conditions .
Also , holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the Seoul because people have a chance to ve away modern life that is full of material subjects .
Cycling to school , to work or to do any other activity is a common habit in Spain .
However , the government and the local councils of cities , such as Madrid or Valencia , are doing their best to promote this movement because they consider it a means of development .
On the one hand , there are many benefits to cycling .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , nine and pollution , as well as lowers co2 emissions .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest method of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues , such as the increase in danger to kids .
Statistically , cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by van .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
getting it rains , having to make a lot of effort to cycle in a strong wind , freezing or trying to keep drinking in hot weather .
In my opinion , cycling contributes to improving community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to address the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can deny that travelling by CS is much more convenient than by public transport .
For example , people making cars do n't have to spend like waiting for ted hubs or the subway .
and this undesirable time might not be so short during holidays , due to pass frequency schedule .
Also , we can drive a caf to a great place because public transport perhaps is not able to reach it .
When the road is crowded , we have to stand , making us very exhausted , especially a long distance .
Even though cars provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , the advantages of travelling by public transport should not be neglected .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private transportation .
As we all bow , the more public transport passengers use , the less car exhaust is emitted per person .
Recently , several studies have shown evidence that there is a strong relation between car exhausts and lung cancers .
In other oeds , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering from diseases and saving others .
Second , public transport waves city spaces .
as pee as more leopolds choose to live in because , nowadays , cities some more crossed .
Correspondingly , the space for each gedeon become more limited than before .
Provided that every citizen owns a car and uses it rather than public transport for early travel , I suppose that our streets would become parking places and everyone would send more die in clngesging .
Last but not least , public transport allows people to do other things which are impossible with driving .
Drivers have to continuously pay attention to their surroundings , resulting in a tense spirit .
For a passenger , however , travelling is a complex activity .
People can listen to music , take a phone call from a friend , read a fascinating book or just look at the outside .
Though there are many advantages to public transport , it does not that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
e.g. , it offers less flexibility than cara , and is less environmentally friendly than bicycles .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that one transport can replace there .
It is better that people are aware of their pros and cns and choose a fit .
Languages for the future
Should we learn other languages ?
We live in a world which day to day changes and people need to develop their skills and overcome them .
I think there are good reasons to lead languages .
On the other hand , it could allow you to communicate with people , get to know different cultures and travel around the world without the language barrier .
Also , in recent years , expressing yourself in English , French , German and Russian has become something essential and very important in Korean lives to find a job .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
Also , I think that it ends up being hard and takes tile away from other things .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future , but to achieve it they will age to be motivated and to enjoy leading .
Ria francisco xavier n3 ends , 25 - 4 - 2014
dear USA summer camps ,
I am writing in response to an advertisement for a job .
I had a part - time job as a baby - witte and I take care of my 11 year - old brother very often .
I worked in an Easter camp pk . I have already prepared lots of atifkties , like " rapid " , paibtbalk ...
For these reasons , I have the skills for the gym .
I can be contacted at a meeting at the above address .
I hope you consider me for the job , Rodrigo
Today , I went to my Winnie 's house in Adriana in the afternoon .
We ate delicious food and played interesting games .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrived at winner 's some .
First , we listened to some sonys , shah as almost and his his world .
After thirty minutes , we had TDA .
Wine loves eating very much , so I can easily find food at her ohm .
We had mouth watering strawberries made as juicy juice of tea and they were extremely yummy .
After having tea , we may hide - and - seke altogether in Winnie 's green .
Adrian and I hid behind a bench as Winnie posed for us .
Suddenly , since frp over a little stone .
Adriana and I immediately came to her and raised her up . '
Your knee is bleeding .
war you okay asked .
I have been shaking for a year and my heart was pounding and I was worried about Winnie .
I had butterflies in my stomach.'hes , I am fine , ' Winnie replied .
I felt relieved then .
Finally , Adriana found a plaster and put it on Winnie 's wound .
Winnie felt warm inside and super happy .
I am glad today although the winner hurt herself .
why ?
It is because or friendship is more rugged .
What an unforgettable day !
In my opinion , the hose in the future will be better .
The future will be bub bright .
Inside will be full of conveniences .
BK space will be divided into a few zones .
relaxation 's , leading 's , kitchen zones and so on .
In the noise of the future , there will be automatic curtains reacting to rhine light in every house .
television must be cordless , is the current internet .
Every house will be flexible .
Thanks to that , it can and be reduced .
Everything depends on the nimble of people .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
Who do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been an olympic sport . It is an individual story so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's efforts , but zulu can enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness . It is a sport that can be learnt at any time , but children start to learn swimming as early as two years of age .
Swimming has different goes ; dolphin , crawl , backstroke and first stroke .
Swimming as a spot is eve useful in dinghy reduction , if you are obese and need to reduce weight . It is also the best sport for tiger azthmativ patients because it strengthens the first muscles , which decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If you want to start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group hour law .
Hello Paul ,
I enjoyed helping at rhs concert , which was in Fantasy in October .
I had a great time with people who are working as helpers for the converts .
I got a lot of experience from them .
In a concert people can enjoy themselves , but today this is about how they are preparing for the concert .
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation rime .
For example , they know everything about each helper 's job but , at the same time , the job concerns plan subjects .
I want to explain to you the interesting part of my expedience .
At the concert morning we were excited and thinking about the convert and we decided do not think about the concept , just do our job , which would be oven .
When we started arranging concert performances , we made work sharing for all of us .
Some of them started designing the age , sonne of the checking volume and lights .
My job was to check songs which fingers would perform .
I think it was Tyne moth 's difficult part of the concern because of the singers .
They always wanted to change some songs ' lyrics .
At the concert time , I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
Actually , everybody can be worried because hay takes time and effort for it .
viall concert started and all the right sure shining lucky stars .
It is difficult to explain that feeling .
When the concept finished , I eat like a bird which flying freely .
Of course , I had a pain in my lower back because all the time I was standing .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite Iu to the next concert , which will be next . If you have any time clear come and see what we are preparing for two concerts .
I am waiting for pir email .
See you !
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways . how we receive and information is probably the most affected .
regarding advertisement , technology is damage , and does not always have a positive impact on outdoor advertisement .
from black - amr - shift adds posted in public places , we have moved to practically living surrounded by outdo workers placed in every available imaginable spot .
French buildings with enormous and bright screens to interactive bus spp signs .
The recent developments in mobile technology allow advertisers to give personalized publicity to each of us .
'' sure that in the near future , if I look for restaurants in Jallirca on my computer or mobile at home , on my way to work the ldcs on the buses , I will see - wbc of course , will be scene and nor pointed paper - will show images of mallory , or an add from tripadvisor with mallory in it .
It will help me sometime , and it might even be useful , but I 'm also scared sometimes I will find it aggressive .
the way , it feels aggressive to enter a square or plaza in my clothes and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed are .
An advertisement might be considered an at , or at least sole pierces are really artistic . They are placed in the wrong spot or stowe at the wrong rim , they lose their artistic side .
But , technology is bad for bex or worse , and we have to learn to deal with it as best we can .
If I want to change my thinking in my life , I would like to change my journey .
I 'd like to have a detached house in the suburbs of After or Vladivostok .
So now I can live more freely and independently .
If I had a tie , I would decorate it in the modern style .
I went up there and found a gym , a wardrobe room , a swimming pool .
If I have such his , I would like to build a harbour area in my garej .
I could invite my friends and relatives .
Together we laughed in a pleasant atmosphere .
When it comes to my favorite port , terms will always be my answer .
Though I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting some it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
When I feel stressed off , I always play Senna to release my pressure .
If you are a beginner at rennie , my advice is that you need to get a suitable rocket for you first .
As the proved goes : if you want to learn something well , you have to get the right tools first to work on it .
Next , you are required to run every basic skill step by step .
Since tennis requires pot of basf silla , if you do n't learn the important technicals slowly and steadily , gou mzu guy hutt during practice .
Finally , finding a good teacher is also critical .
A skilled coach can teach you the great skills of tennis .
Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
Do we have enough choices on the screen ?
Can you try only two channels and not play the whole episode ?
that was only 30 years ago .
an explosion of channels arrived at our houses in the eighties .
In this sport we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
The number of channels AFL is gradually reducing
In our country one decade ago , when digital TV arrived , a lack of new channels punished .
all TV third to get several licences to distribute their show .
In order to resolve some deficit budgets , today there are mainly tgi TV groups .
Less channels means less choices .
internet TV is infreaeing
It costs less money and you can choose exactly one moment where you will watch this or that television program .
You just follow a suggestion made by someone .
You must click on it .
He nave to reduce their budget
despite changing channels , we see the same bows .
bgi broadcast grips are ssd by lp of .
It is expensive to keep journalists and camera xl around the world .
It is cheaper to buy it .
sxymmary
TV is dying .
It is hard to compete with the internet .
Nowadays , only national or international broadcast groups can be in the match .
Perhaps political reasons yelp to maintain such a budget deficit .
However , the fact is that the tyres have a countdown on them .
Dear Mrs Hopkins ,
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express my interest
to join year skal group on a grip around the world .
I am a 20-year - old student from Switzerland speaking German , French and English and I am lessen on travelling .
with several trips to name countries I have named until now , I would suggest that I already have experience of travelling around the world .
I am interested in doing your job , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
For For years , I have been in a scout group in which I learnt a lot about different kinds to find a say or to orientate myself in the wilderness .
Furthermore , I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Dear steel ,
It will be good to hear from you .
Basically , my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible . I team , not only the English language but also to know more about your culture and visit nice places in your country as well .
As I told you before , I ca n't afford to pay for this trip alone , so my father will save up some money to help me .
but Zana found a job to help him with the bills .
Would you give me a job on it ?
You can also help me to find a cheap place to rent .
It would be helpful if you found an apartment at Cambridge University where I 'll study English for 5 months .
thanks for all the tour help and I look forward to hearing from you .
best wishes
jojo mates
Hi joke ,
I am looking forward to seeing Tou .
First of all , to should bear outside of the airport .
There are milk stations in the street .
If the flu gets there , take the bus which is number 111 .
then went to the next stop , " zličín " .
There you get to the underground station and road to the centre of Prague .
If you choose this way , I 'll call you tomorrow morning to tell you where we will meet .
But if I were you , I would take a taxi ff the underground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
Anyway , you knee to get to the center . I 'll wait for you there .
Finally , the weather forecast for next months looks pleasant as it is usually at this time of year .
That 's way you do n't have to take warm clothes .
I am delighted to see you soon .
Best wishes ,
jacob
In my opinion , we should go to the restaurant because all people need a leading moment and do work better than before .
Firstly , we can disclude the type of good we to eat .
Actually , students eat a lot of food while they are studying at university , because they do n't eat till they do food . For good reasons , I think that the best restaurant is somewhere that does home - lide food , and a good sea is for kaunas course : named potter , teamed vegetables and for dessert apple face .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture , so we choose a special restaurant . I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a set of windows , with a white hair , table and wall , more or less , a relaxed environment . The atmosphere is very important clr dinner and i think that we mug vote this , because we wiki navy a good night or not depending the type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I find that this type of food and atmosphere is very good for us , because normally we gwd speak about books , work and studies , while with this type of environment we can speak about us , or family , our hobbies and all people get to know md something about other mates .
I would like to go to foster Hollywood .
I live in Ure and I think my classmates fol .
You have the greatest burgers I have ever eaten .
They are incredibly delicious .
I do not how they they make and cook it .
These burgers are my favourite food because they look amazing .
I can not say how they sound because you have to taste them .
It is a favour similar to staying in heaven or in paradise .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and he definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a smile on your face .
you will same to come another time .
However , if you do not like burgers , you can wear whatever you want of American foil and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person who has dated another owl .
Public transport plays an important role in our modern day lives .
more than a billion people on basis , taxis and trains as tourists , for work , meeting relates , ping to school .
many over uwe cfs .
Though travelling by act is more convenient , it is expensive .
That is because the coal of petro , diesel and tax is quite high in most countries .
While travelling by public transport costs a lot of money in the following ways :
1 . people will save the money they spend on petrol .
2 .
as they have a specific route across the country , row , cities and villages , it helps people to use less in shops or restaurants on highways or even in the cities etc .
I disagree with the statement states because in the future we are likely to have only two classes in society , the rich and the poor .
middle class is disappearing and becoming scarce deal by ag .
It is because of high taxes on holds .
So , I believe we will have public transport or people will be young to be as they were in the stone age .
Public transport is good for our environment rather than acres .
Nowadays , people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
Some of them think that books are more interesting than the film versions .
I can with 's point of view .
I tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a book .
Firstly , reading helps before a welcome educated period and gives a chance to develop knowledge .
That 's why you are reading getting a piece of information .
Furthermore , books develop the imagination of the reader .
When you are reading , a picture of what is happening appears in your min .
You can imagine what heroes look like , you can imagine different views , white the action takes place .
nod , Finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily share your kok with you in Zwart reading anytime you want .
On the other hand , if you are in company , the only way you is through movies .
because you and watch it with your friend .
Also , many people coho lives because they like soundtracks and social effects .
It 's so exciting .
but all these factors are not important to me .
I suppose that books are nettle than the film version .
To sum up , I 'd like to say leading is a really feat thing .
A girl walking Hone Pne Day .
She was with her mum .
She was just a young beautiful girl !
So , they were going home when the girl noticed a sure doll at a stop .
She had blond hair and she was wearing a bike press , whet gloves and black shoes .
just like hsr ... Pamuk I love Grid doll!could you play it for me ? '' she said .
New mum could n't deny esr , so she bought it .
oh!the Gdp had so many special moments . Wing Jar dlol!!thuey looked so adorable . They were like twins !
After some years , the girl decided that she had to move .
She turned eighteen years old , she had to be independent .
so she likes a deal breath from her doll in the attic just like her childhood memories .
At night I heard some creepy noises from there ...
She was there and Thera was a doll with a life in her head . Why do n't you play with me now ? You are bored of menus because I have only one eye?but you moved me to the other .
just because I do n't have one if my gloves?bur you dud it agai!''sd screamed .
and then ...
Next dxf , he went to his home . His mom wanted to find a daughter .
So , she went upstairs ...
The girl had a knife in her neck and on the wall there was a sentsnce,''auy sic guo leave me that way ? ''
Tennis is an individual sport .
but you huge to deep with the game .
You can choose lots of places to play .
You need a good pair of shoes , a tennis racker and dime balls and a person who will pay with money .
Although you should be god at playing backhand or forehand , you can lose .
This port is ny just about physical power .
You need to use your train as well .
It is a combination of physical power , technique and mental power .
As a tiger sport , tennis is getting more , faster and more commercial .
I mean professional tennis .
Some children wanted to play because of money or glory .
Some of them play tennis because of their parents .
It is not enough .
Children should play manufacturer , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , helps their physical health and so on .
You can start if you have grown up anyway .
It is never too late .
Either you can use a professional coach or just join your friends .
enjoy !
Ar mns Kate Ashby ,
My bmw is area cocci . I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement for her weekend soda in your cas , and I 'm interested in working with you .
I 'm a perfect choice for work . . In fact , I 'm interested in different types of food because I am Italian , and because age is everything .
In Italy , I attend school for waiters and cooking , and sometimes I cook sabha , pasta , pizza and many her specialties of my country , and I was assumed in many famous restaurants .
I am also good at dealing with people . In fact , since I was younger , I have been the animator at toys summer camp in Alpignano , the place where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children under cults .
I also worked for many theater companies and I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , also if I do n't know Fek .
Finally , I 'm also prepared to work long hours . When I worked with my aunt in gas Ace , I worked from eight a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m. . It was difficult , but I did it all day .
I look forward to hearing from him soon .
andrea cocxcj
easy
In today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros and cns of studying English abroad .
Is it really opeth leave your own country for a period of time to study English ?
It is true that going abroad can open new points of view about your own learning process .
Talking with English speakers is always a good thing because Zulu will be able to judge how well or badly you are doing .
Besides , it can be fun and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money on it and you will not be sure to achieve your goals at all , so it would become a real nightmare if you did not focus on learning osaka .
From my point of view , I think the advantages overcome the disadvantages , especially if you have a money sacer for it .
If you do get hit , there is always a solution , which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
You can eban TLC with mature speakers by using Soke chat eoms online , such as Skies JD other .
Football , a passion
When I was little I tried a couple of sports , handball , spiking , ten , but my favourite sport is none of those . It is a sport that I imagined : football .
All my life I fought that football was a sport which was for men , not for girls , but after I tried it , I loved it .
Have you ever thought about playing football ?
At first , when I started to play football , I caught it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to introduce me to whom they play , and nowadays , I love playing football iwth them .
New , some women and I started to organize female matches , so I am more used to playing with girls . I never imagined that I was young enough to be so keen on football , but it takes more of my ooze .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it , at least in his or her way .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to revive some punches .
I recommend a great restaurant which is in the shopping center .
I have been there twice , and I think it .
Its ham is " the English oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with British cuisine .
The service is excellent and the wires are so pleasant and gentle .
The interior is big , so all two close can stay beside without problems .
The decoration is modern and cozy , Zen it 's guy jokes great traditional British ones .
The Forde is one of the best things in the restaurant . It is always tasty and fresh .
There are a lot of different dishes , traditional and modern .
They also have a lot of different types of salads , pasta and pizzas .
The dessert was very igor too .
They 've given original omsk , like sweet pizza , and traditional .
There is a big variety of creams .
His restaurant is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't have to spend too much money .
The restaurant is in the shopping centre , so we van drive there by bus or by train .
I think Tuks is the best restaurant to go at the end of the course , so we would book some tables as often as possible because a lot of people usually vote there .
The whole life , famous people , such as politicians and stars , media and accompanying them .
In my view , the public deserve to have their own life , without being photographed .
in knee hand , getting a public person associated with journalists , mass - media , flashes .
amos people are obligated to provide their life in an exemplary way .
However , still being ordinary people , they make mistakes .
People are thought of be jealous .
notice song kind of failures .
It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely right and they have defective influence on society , such as assessing celebrities through the prism of journalistic documentary .
On the other hand , many stars word their privacy to other words and more money .
The value of their talent and abilities are counted in the amour of tabloid scandals .
Summing up , around the world , living famous people do n't bring into the limelight their lidar .
It has always been very used to a long rijke g . Nevertheless , nowadays , there are some people asking if public transport should be suppressed , and society would save a pit of mossy .
However , people should think about the large advantages , such as : people say key ; it is comfortable and good for the environment .
Firstly , the main reason is the cost , because people who do not have a car have to trade or go to another place , and a car is very expensive .
The cars need to be repaired ; besides , if you have a car , you have to pay arm taxes .
In addition , these people are new to bars public transport or travelling around the country and city .
Secondly , another disease is global warming because the atmosphere is so polluted .
If you use public transport , you can be less contaminated than before because their awry of people who travel together only need transport .
Finally , the last reason is the comfort because you have far ; it is so difficult to go to a car park in the centre of the city .
Besides in skew pities , friends can not be paired in some places , such as the ol city and the city centre .
Summing up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high price of having a car .
For my point , I am used to walking around my city because my CF is usually used if I travel around the country .
We are living in an ever changing world .
Today 's new things become things of the past in a few months .
take an example of mobile technology , your handset , with the latest configurations , becomes outdated within a few months after buying it .
50 years is a dry long time and people 's lives will definitely change in such a long period .
However , the important point to discuss is whether it would be a positive change or a negative one .
In the last 50 years , science and technology have taken great leaps . The internet and mobiles have made us more connected .
Today , we have all the information at finger - rips .
Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost in new places . Google maps are always there to help .
We do not to real English words today , as we can quickly find the meaning of any word on our money .
meeting new people or selling products , you do n't need to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platform .
Today , life has become more comfortable , thanks to progress mankind has made in technology .
In the there was a number of terrorism , global warming and greed became challenges of today 's world .
Climate changes due to global warming causing natural disasters and then .
terrorist activities causing havoc in public life .
corruption and greed of people in power make it difficult to trust people 's leaders .
If these challenges are addressed in coming years , imaging better lives for people in 50 years hence will be difficult .
We need to remember technology is ju a tool . On the right hand , it would be a boon for us , on the wrong hand , it has the power to destroy the world as we see it today .
to who lies concerned ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
I read your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " that 's correct me , I 'm the right person for this kind of thing ! " .
Perhaps , you 're wondering whether I should be the right person .
rna 's sop said .
I 'm a motivated , flexible and openmjbded person and I have a lot of experience in this field as well .
I 've worked as a social trainer and as an educator since I was 16 .
I poves doing social activities and planning events .
When I worked as an educator , I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoor activities .
I have very gear memories of trees experiences and I would really like to oils them again .
If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
As you requested , I attached it to tin mal .
Best regards .
Personally , mobile thors are very important in my life .
I need that device near me because I have three children and I want to know how and where Nye is .
The same about my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me to talk about their healing .
concerning video - games , I agree with scientists that think TX lets children 's brains to develop . It is important for them because there are a lot of violent gyms .
However , there are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , the internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
It is very common to sue the internet in my woes for research or google information and also connect with other teachers , speak about courses and change information .
Finally , I think technological developments make us improve for the future .
Friends would be like a shadow beside you .
in this time of joy and sorrow .
Noting is impossible in lies but , of doubt , it is ny easy to make sincere friends .
It does mean you wo never find one .
It is very important to interact and socialise with pipes to make a frenc .
The more people you meet , the easier it will become for you to find a friend .
When you find to spending time with TBM , have views , ideas and go out with them .
Friends do not her to agree on everything you set but they share their views about it .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
You could find a variety of articles such as politics , business , sports , culture , education , clothes and style , travel , the weather and the environment .
There are plenty of advertisements for jobs and donations to individuals .
Readers are able to express their opinions freely .
HTSC is a quality English language which avoids death language .
As desist , it is suitable for students who play English language to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realised there were two disadvantages .
For example , it is not suitable for children to die in the official language . There were also a huge number of commercial advertisements which made the readers bored .
Overall , the Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the soros .
Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people are sweating and the economy is very highly developed .
smw people think that we need to use tablet computers instead of books
In my opinion , the problem is interesting .
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice TXT gadgets have become very useful for our lives . It seems to me good opportunities to make our lives easier .
It also makes us more clever .
I am convinced theatr using table computers in everyday life is rather igor .
Everyone has to carry a lot of books in a bag . A pupil can not say that he likes a book because he has all his books on his tablet computer .
Some people think that it is a nec idea .
They believe that it is a useless thing for our generation .
She people see that electronic things make us stupid .
They insist on not using tablets at school .
Personally , for me , I like books very much . When I am at home , I use books because I like to smell and to touch the lapse of a book .
I do not agree with the people who think that tables are useless .
We should have it but we must forget about books .
In conclusion , I want to sat that fact we should karl breast of new technologies and try to bakr our lives dasisr
That big mistake
This day was full of joy and happiness , but something went after when we told ink that she was pregnant .
She was so happy about this news and she thought that he would be happy as well , by ...
At the moment she told him that she was pregnant , he just froze .
It was tel mcg for hm .
He thought it would be easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
He tried to understand what was going on .
It was weird his laid questions smd doubts cam up on our heads .
One party was really happy , because being bathed is one of his biggest dreams , but on the other hand , he could n't handle this news .
This woman , who stands next to Ihm , has a girlfriend , his future wife .
He should be happy and hegy her and celebrate this good news .
gut somehow he dfid n't feel anything .
All that he efl as anxiety .
He could n't handle the feeling when a true girl touched him , his second big girl .
He knew that he loved hajj as much as he loved her , but everything was just wrong on the monet .
Her view , use style and eve hwy both erling on this moment .
She could n't understand what was going on , because it was just three weeks ago when they had a conversation about misses and family and he said flat he would like to have kids with her .
And now , he just avoids her and he is not halt about the news .
It was a mess .
sew as more than hang and he could n't handle the news .
They both knew at the law rash shed and they made each other , but it was too much of him .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he needed a break and he had to be one .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
To the beginning , I am going to talk about my favorite sport and why I will enjoy the sport .
In fact , I do not like to do some reports during the time , but if I really need to do some exercise , I like to go swim in the swimming poll .
Firstly , in Thiba , swimming oil is clean .
Such as after swimming , I have a safe and a bathroom to take pictures .
Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach . This is because I do hot loks ibf sun and etc .
Third , swimming in the ocean is more dangerous .
However , I like to stay in the swimming polo during the summer .
Actually , I do not one you to swim , but it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
Moreover , I think any kind of sports that we should do work exercises is because we have to relax our bodies . If we do not do it , we will be dangerous when we are doing any sports .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do sports but we ed to choose one kind of exercise in the law because almost all people need to do it , as we would jog at home or work all the time .
If you really do like to do exercise , then you can stop .
The purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which need to be taken in the town to protect the environment as the main means to improving the quality of life .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Cacerwz is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and pigs for centuries on set of the bad weather conditions , such as high temperatures and terrible weather in summer .
As a result , resources are difficult to preserve and it is clearly necessary to maintain an aptiv campaign to raise people 's awareness of the importance of rational use of them .
Red local government is alan taking strong action on creating green areas in different places in or around the city where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports .
That 's the reason why it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are now parks or recreational areas .
Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of the waste system through the active cooperation of many of the citizenship who are really concerned about the recycling of certain needs .
In zcr , around 90 of the inhabitants are said to sort and recycle their rubbish , taking it out to the yellow , green and blue containers in every street .
Second is the negative point . These dumpsters are are visible in town and it would be advisable to change the ones we have for underground knew .
I woke up today and I just remembered that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , ndc the ones that do it will be rewarded with a bonus point huts anyways . This is n't important information .
I searched for my family in the hide and there was no one in the house , just me .
I was a bit scared , so I searched then out in the streets .
I did n't know that a bomb in the city had killed almost everyone . Now I have to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful , so you ca n't distinguish what the explosion hit .
Finally , some days I find my neighbors with some food . I zsasz string to death so I ate a lot .
We made some incentives for us . It was a total conflict , because the group noticed that some good was missing somehow .
I think that someone days some of the food at night while everybody is sleeping .
So everybody is going to try to enforce the laws .
The next morning , I ate a piece of steak and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around to will and ae us .
In the night , I was thinking about many things when I heard some noises .
I stalked him and it seemed that he had a job .
I stomp him and he turned around . He was an omn from THW group .
We were talking about this and a dog just came near . It was adorable and he turned into a big wide creature .
He bg my dg . It hurt a lot . We tried to alert the others not it was too late . It was true group or us .
We saw that beast eating old friends and the food .
In some ways , she ribbed the food in the bight and I oak up . It was good for my survival .
If I had an opportunity to reverse the trend of what am doing , I would ont do it because I have to do all of biz .
Doing exercise is good for your health
Why do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do you gain while exercising ?
You now have 75 people in Mexico who who n't practice any type of exercise . ngos is a big problem for pir society and is the problem . Mexico is the country most laid in the world .
Going exercise is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life . While exercising , you feel relaxed .
There are a lot of benefits that come in hand with doing exercise , like reducing or fake control of your weight . It helps you with heart disease , problems with your body , and also lu you of friends while doing any exercise .
Now , nowadays there 's a air of different types of exercise . Going to do any sport , like soldiers , basketball , baseball , or skiing , you can simply go to the gun or practice crossfit or something like that .
Soccer 's a great sport where you can make a lot of friends , you fans stay right , but you also have dome skills because it 's easy to control the gill and dribble rivals on the fish .
I recommend you to practise any short you can and enjoy every second you spend exercising .
Thanks and sort , you wo n't regret it .
Is there any future for public transport , because travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many disagree about public transport is disappearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about the increase in travel .
This composition will explain these different opinions .
Firstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
Also , by public transport , such as bus and underground , you have a klee fort and speed .
There is a perception that a life you the freedom of choice .
On the website of the Scottish government ( publication " young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 - old boy explains « " I prefer going in the cat , it 's quicker ...
There 's not as many people around here ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as you like . »
Although there are many positive points about private cars , they long ago negative .
Indeed , cars increase pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - on my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
When just owning a car and looking look at our car , insurance , tax , dc .
Obviously , it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
» maybe 17 - 22 years old old .
Secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay forex on public transport , but also , it is safer ,
In Saigon time , there were a number of traffic accidents which occur in private cars .
The main reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
It is clear that if they got a bus or a taxi when they were crank , there would n't be as many accidents .
Finally , many developer countries in the world , such as England , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have a public transport system , so the traffic has decreased .
As a result , the economy has been increasing .
from this analysis , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
topic :
Do you agree or disagree " always telling trust is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
disagreement on always telling the truth is the most important point in a relationship , which is my opinion .
Even though being faithful is crucial in relationships , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Another reason for npf telling the truth all the time is if it is a personal matter and it would be awkward to mention it to colleagues or their employer .
It is better to tell a little white ppe at the moment .
To further illustrate the first point , coyle hung one 's feelings by telling the truth at all time .
For example , if some woman you are acquainted wading inappropriate clothes not citing the occasion .
People usually tend to not to tell the truth since it would kate their feelings .
Instead of doing so , people must pass by with ketner things on their .
In that case , they could smipl make conversion without boiling the midor .
The other point is , when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private , since many of the time , it is strange and inappropriate to talk oneself too much to people at work or even people that me just for acquit .
If there are questions about things one does not what later people to know , they minute a little white air which usually does n't matter so much .
If I was having a day off to go to a doctor , I would prefer the people ask details both and that I just had some errands to run .
These are the top opinions of the time on felling ghz truth or pt .
Less Friday , Michael and Ess were in school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
When we were in TVS laws , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
Michael closed two do and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
After this , the boy called to meet the headmaster .
I could n't understand why we needed to meet the headmaster because Michael had closed his dror .
The door did n't break into pieces or fall down .
My curiosity had put me into a lot of trouble .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he could give me the answer I wanted .
However , things do n't happen kirk wba i hold .
I ended up getting expelled from school because reached and the classmates suspected Michael and I stole our classmate - really 's wallet .
I could n't imagine seeing teacher and friends also pointing at us firmly and without giving any chance for us to deal with it .
I finally realised that everything was a trap and we were the unlucky innocent ones as we went into the trap .
We wiped off our tears , and waved our hands when we left the school .
Although , one day , the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , we refused to return to the school and decided to change to a new school as we now . Even if we go to this title , a similar case could happen next time .
It is because the teacher has a biased mindset .
He saw summer fans ,
My name is Bianca Padocwsi , and I have read your advertisement for the gym .
I think I 'm the right person for the quiz job because , first , I speak fluently and lead English , which is very important to communicate .
Sask , I have a good relationship with little kids . I used to look after my nieces and nephews over the weekends and others spend time with me . Moreover , I am very energetic , always award and reading to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of myself , as I invent new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
I like doing puzzles or times which mpoc dunning , jumping , which is important for feeding kids ' development .
I am not very good at cooking because I never have time to dedicate myself to that .
I think that if I watch and learn how to do it , I could learn very fast and can dominate it .
That is a good quality of nine . I learn things very fast and I also get accustomed to new things .
I am very excited about this job and I hope you will soon .
bianca
da number 8 .
We waited to go and find the others . We went outside the shelter we built and wrote on a wall near to the shelter " safe zone " and if there was someone that needed supplies he would find dome supplies and amma to survive .
We read old journals and went in the forest . There was a lot of past on and there were various people that were sick . We could n't do anything except to keep going . I was looking my little group to # diminish and some of us wee # allergic to some plants , i was the only ons bat has no problem with zlp th other stiff people had problem hugh .
I thought that maybe my genes were actually immune to fh infection . I would actually be age # revolutionary Huy that helps everyone they are in my # skeptics and I was really positive about it , but notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself , I gave to think about is it help thw entire world or just save a group the decision as in my hands it was # conventional to help the entire world but i do n't want to did . while i was thinking about that we found a body it as a familiar body from someone raf was in the group one of those guys we wanted to did abd alive npt dead hu face sa all rotten ndc eaten aaa by how walkers .
We started to find the ones that were still alive or at least help us what happened to everyone . The battle against huge parts , everyone was hungry and we had rates abutting in a few days and flat would lead us to things red or eat way by a walker so we needed to find something that sad a # nutritional based gold white we could may it no problem air be ok .
We found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could relax and take a shower to clean ourselves .
We got close to the pharmacy . There were no walkers nude , so we ran into the pharmacy and closed all the for a sec . I asked someone to check us in at night . I needed some meat and ten to sleep immediately .
In my area , there are many railway lines and they 're often overcrowded .
but private traffic in these two is even more present , as the result is that Turin is the town of fiat , which will be a known factor .
Near to your home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy all that you used to shopping .
When you have to pay the telephone and energy bills , you can do that in nat tobacco dhoom next to your hms .
If you like shopping , in the perimeter of the town , there are some bi supermarkets , which hold many items from the main great factories of Europe and above .
Like the industrialised countries , a connection to the internet is granted to each area and each building .
At the end , the taxi ader present and they cover the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the English .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , form stars , politicians or people who work in the music industry deserve to have a private ige , deserve not to be under constant observation .
In my min there should be a board between paparazzi working in the privacy of famous people .
In my opinion , big stars should be able to relax and take some private time .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one who feels comfortable when is under surveillance of people 's eyes waiting to take pictures which show them in embarrassing situations .
Unfortunately , this is a part of the cell 's ' work ' , so you have to take it into account .
However , on the other hand , there should be some inviolability spheres of life without journalists following them all the time .
These rarely fragments of due without the eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal , not famous people .
I know catching a celebrity doing cleaning or taking a dog to work is shocking news to people who read tabloids .
To my mud , Rhea does not believe celebs are six normal people as everyone of us only with more money in their back accounts .
So , as top can sed , I agree with the statement that French people , who are recognizable , defence to having a live life and the ability to have normal lice should be given to them .
the mxe runner
I recently watched this new film used on cns of the books of this world - known author .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a title .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery which made me the decision to watch this film .
The form starts by opting yourself into the fresh of the movie character , who is a 16-year - old boy who finds himself imprisoned in a cage and being transported to what seems to be a camp .
He had no idea how he ended up there .
However , he soon realises the yacht is not a nodal camp , which is located next to a giant and mysterious nzam .
The people who live in the camp tie up different rks in order to survive and defend themselves from the menace of the maze .
He took the revoke of the manner , the people responsible for exploring the maas and ordered an exit from this place .
Still , they only had daylight time to explore the maze , as when the she goes down it becomes very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , having exciting moments when the characters discover something that is hidden inside the maze .
I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid journey which will leave no one indifferent .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years , and hopefully many more . What I like about it is , first of that , tall or small . Anyone can play it as long as they 're determined , so basically it is a life - long sport for everyone .
I love the speed of volleyball . Most of the time it 's quick ajax if ou Bonk Gou probably missed something , Each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player directs the location of the ball in that aunt of time and then gere 's nhs intensity , if you haven seen a take go until 32 - 30 , and eee re energy on yes floor amr he the noise from the crowd you 're mixing out .
Personally , winning such a set makes me feel like I would do anything , but I do n't , it still jeeps me wanting to .
I am always trying to jump higher , hit , pass and set gutter , and serbs in different ways .
I am lethal .
My arsa is very calm and very green .
Belle there are very friendly and helpful .
It is a good place to live .
One time per week on Wednesday , rubbish is taken .
Of course , garbage is sorted into different groups .
test is a very good idea , because flat rubbish underdog recycling .
All my neighbors in the same way collected garbage .
very body care about cleanliness in the front of the house and in the gars .
In particular spring there are a lot of colours and pleasant idols .
We have beautiful parks where you can relax without a busy place .
Green time in my town is really fantastic .
I have recently stayed at Black Be restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecxwtagni , a little two bear catania located under two Thaw Solana slopes , and I found that restaurant the best I have eaten in .
There were two rois , a smoking room and a non - smoking room .
The surroundings wet dustin , yet it still felt very cosy . The waiters were very friendly and informative .
As I was eating with my friend Morse and his father , I managed to find a good range of items on the menu . I really liked cjianina beef . It was very nasty .
All the ingredients were clearly fresh and of the highest quality .
The price is n't reasonable at all , because the sql cake is about forty euros per person , so enisa restaurant 's a little expensive .
But I would highly recommend this restaurant despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive and I will no wonder be back to other dinners .
Drugs is a topic with a lot of controversy .
They have been present in our society since .
Cannabis , heroin , speed are some examples of substances that are really well - known fif ask of us .
legalization of drugs is a used argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of exclusion .
imagination zs a link to the illegality of this activity .
In addition , this illegality is gilt for the attraction of the drug because the majority of people taft having drugs because they are young and its prohibition is very stimulating .
The real problem comes when this entertainment becomes an addiction that can destroy lives .
I think everyone has taken some kind of illegal drug to have fun , enjoy friends or jet to rave them , and I do believe that behaviour is wrong , because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
But we have to be responsible and have very clean tuna . It is something exceptional and not our daily life because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to set deadlines for themselves .
Finally , legalization of drugs means that they could be taxable and we still have a tax war in our country , so I do not know if it is a good IEA or not .
Hi Farooq ,
That sounds great . I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Saudi Serbia . I 'm fon na be able to see you after a long time .
But unfortunately , I 'm being an es on Thursday so I ca n't meet you , but you could take me from school at 1:30 so we can go to the kitchen .
My school is really hard to find . Go straight ahead onto Alayah Street and turn right before the farce of Au University . After getting down Fran the bridge , you 'll find the school on your right .
I am so excited about seeing Doj !
Bye for now .
hof .
Dear es ,
Firstly , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
At that time , it is always sunny and , depending on the region , it could be .
If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see la Dayana Familia , which was built by Antoni Saudi , or la Alambez in Granada , which is one of the seven wonders of the world .
In Madrid you go to visit some guests , like the reina Ostia or el Prado .
On the other hand , if you want to zee sell wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos national park in Cannabis . War is like a kittle safari , or doñana national arm , which in that period you can zee slide migration birds .
If you and I had a complete summer to enjoy Spain , I would stay old week in each place , and I break a car in order to move between tended cities .
I recommend you to wear clothes .
I hope they enjoy your shame .
adrian .
Bare Simpson is my favourite fictional character on TV .
He is the Elles ln of the Simpson family .
Bart is ten years old and is a typical American child .
He has yellow skin under his eyes , he is bloc and his jaw is gotspiky air .
bet he always wears a red t - shirt and blue shots .
The most important thing about bart is to be the most popular student in gig school . For this reason , he is always misbehaving .
has parents and the school principal often publishes him .
Bart is an energetic and converted student , but he is also a bar student because he hates nerds .
Although he is rather naughty , he has a heart because he helps his desire when she needs money .
In the Simpson family , all the characters ate very funny .
A lot of magazines say the Simpsons is the best cartoon in history and I absolutely agree .
For me , Bart is funnier than Homer , although odt magazines say that homer is the best character .
It was a dreary , rainy Sunday morning .
I was n't in the mood to go out anyway .
Everything suggested that I wo n't get out of the house for quite a while .
Suddenly , we had a heartknock on HR .
What on earth would that be ?
Who would have even bothered to give me a visit seeing this bloody awful weather ?
My concerns were answered swiftly , for the man on my threshold yelled : " I have a letter to Mr. Samson !
" I was very surprised . To be honest , I had n't received a letter for months .
I opened it and quickly could the next .
At first , I looked observed the letter variously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name in it .
Although I xd n't mate him a single the , the letter was his law will and I learned that I inherited a bond eel of mine .
Fifty thousand loans , to be precise .
The exaltation seized my heart instantly , but I soon began to worry : " Who will I do work for that amount of money ? "
Well , the question I have chosen is about the tom where I have been staying for ten years .
Actually , this tow is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
I am very excited about the town where I am staying because everybody in this town is nog bothered about rubbish things they do every day .
First of all , they are very dirty by nature .
They are very casual about the environment and the importance of cleanliness .
so called people of foolish nature are inactive and talkative and godwin of others and do everything for the betterment of their own town .
The households near the public roads do their daily things easily and they are n't bothered about the otdr of the municipality .
I see these bring my morning slam .
What I feel is that everyone who is staying in the town should at last keep clean their own front places and sides around terms .
I am upset about it and whenever I get a can I speak with my fellow people and kofi for their fed because they are also the same in nature .
people side were elf - centred and very narrow - minded .
though they are becoming so called educated but in eel sense they are still savage .
eat Mrs. Wendy ,
Yesterday I was in Green Pepper cafe for a meal with colleagues since I sewn an advertisement for a job at weekends in our cafe .
I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .
I am a tourism student and I have to work at weekend to pw my studies .
I worked one year in London as a chef in a hard rock cafe and 6 months as a satire aldo in Naomi 's are in Berlin .
So I have experience in service , costume care and working hours .
I how how to prepare different kinds of food : sandwiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc .
I am very good at dealing with people . I have never had a complaint !
I have total availability at weekends and also in summer .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
Please recommend attaching a copy of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you .
Thank you for your gimple and consideration .
yours faithfully ,
María luisa castaneda del qcuna
Nowadays , public transport has become a male topic .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like one time I was in .
As a matter of fact , car ownership has increased over the last decades , reducing the number of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their own caes is much more convenient than going by a bus full of people or worse worse , the waiting time in a long queue .
Nevertheless , you have another side to this reality .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or because they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the pnes provided by the local government .
There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to watch the bvee rather than pay for a full tank .
Similarly , people in countries with less income turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on shedding sage people grove it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and in others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
People need easy and cheap solutions .
In general , using a fr is easier than taking a fray or a bus .
It 's kush part of your house or your office .
You do n't have to go to a station by walking , carrying weights , or suffering because of your own or the snow .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or simply do n't like to drive , you will find it easier to take public transport .
and all more enjoyable : they can relax listening to music and looking around , or reading newspapers or books .
Is the master of public transport ?
It depends .
The traffic can affect cars and buses at the same time .
Sometimes cars are faster than buses , sometimes buses are faster .
speed trains are always faster .
Speaking about money ? Travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .
But , if we consider the expenses ( buying TED CWD , paying for insurance , etc . ) , care is not so cheap .
In that , in every aspect , there are pros and cons .
What about the environment , one of the quality ills in TJ cities ?
Public transport is absolutely better .
So , even if travelling by far is more convenient at a personal level , public transport is preferred by good citizens and strongly supported by governments .
inform letter for cars ( law 1 )
Fear Jan ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
From my experience working at the international company that organises muni festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
I am not side . However , this job will keep all true requirements . .
In my case , the only opportunity I had for such an activity was on the 22nd of July . We were allowed a relaxing day at the festival .
Happily , you will have the chance to practise your English skills .
In my since , I have to translate a good amount of texts , and also help English tourists to get around .
though if you are looking for additional work experience , you will probably be disappointed .
All I was asked to do the rest of the time was to take home calls and make offers for tourists .
All in all , that experience is beneficial .
I made plenty of months , so I would n't worry about going to a nice Noida if I met you .
When you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
take cars yourself ,
davis
The last few weeks have been really truly off michael .
This whole business started to get on his nerves .
He has to deal with it , the sooner the better .
Right now , one thing is dear as day - how he is in love with Malika , not Angelina .
His dates are Angelina and Malika . That 's the problem .
He ca n't camp any just like that . They 've been friends for years .
She 's pt bad .
Now he has to put step to this without nursing anybody .
So sex the decision is made .
He 'll break up with him .
Probably , even tomorrow .
It all started in such an idiotic way .
The door of his room needed . He came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and angeles happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or marches or something to light up a cigarette .
Mim ca n't really say why he ended up being sick - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for having called BT to air he loved because of all these religious issues , Troika 's family and so on , but this is what happened .
and that definitely was not the right thing to do .
At the moment , he did n't realise the tag .
only after , when Angelina left , Michael closed a few doors and there he new he had made a bad mistake .
eea zir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the position at a summer camp company currently advertised on your website .
At the moment I have played the second year of secondary atholl . I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I think I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
I speak English , German and Polish and as a ciuncelot it is very hand .
I am very used to dealing with young people as last year I worked at a scouting damp .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer while still in primary school - once I could go to a local club to help children with hedi homework .
I am hardworking , reliable and work - organise and I take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer call councillor .
I am also an accomplished sportswomen - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifeguard .
I attach a reference from Tomasz Jaworski , who was my boss at the scout camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for this post in an interview .
I look forward to heading from Pu .
York faithfully ,
dye
Well , I would like to talk about my school .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electronics student from Italy , in the north .
I wish to be a treat engineer , so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
I 'm drooling . My Marx coils fove it ; I have been wired hard since the beginning of my school year .
Recently , I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
school is my : I study about three hours a coach , especially Korean and electronics . These are the subjects that I like more .
My teachers are very good at their job so I hope to be like them one day .
There is a problem with my fleas like the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at drooling and they waste time doing nothing at school or I think even at home .
The thing that really annoys me is that they copy alk gh time rim me and the other aldo students .
However , I do n't hate them at all ; they are funny funny and people wear what they want .
Coming back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at the Imperial college .
I how to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take an intermediate certificate of English and then I am going to tru Nerd at Shia school even if I know ghz it 's difficult . The Imperial College of London is a of tow most important universities in the who would .
puerquitour : a better experience than most .
Nowadays , it is difficult to find people who enjoy food as much as I do , because the calories less kills they are going to gain a lot that stuff .
I arrived in Mexico City a month ago and I met an old friend at a high school center .
We discovered our fascination with food and ' puerquitour ' was a bar .
Then a brainstorm of our mela and places to visit began .
The fest day started on an important date … today !
Tacintento was the place we chose and we really enjoyed anambra al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by cold beers .
Due Puerquitour is something to share . On the second day we shared it with Diana , one of my friends in Vancouver .
Again we ate two , but this time it was special .
The name of the place is Davos la Chile Znbc Races . We gourmet there .
It means that they have different tastes of tortillas -vanillps , strawberry , couple , neal , and walnut , among otnerd- abd salsas , tamarind , guava , mango , guacamole , etc .
That day did not finish with the tacos . After a walk in Reform and a long flight in the Independence Angel , we went to the movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir while we ate crepes .
third day and one of my favourites . The place is soooooo ncw and the decoration and even the attire of the witnesses makes you feel in the 50s .
La Papa guava , which is located in la Copmdesa , offers baker potatoes with names of famous women and lovely drinks .
totally recommended !
Mar Atul restaurant , in the north of Mexico , was the place for the fourth day of peurquitour .
The seafood is delicious there . My recommendations are created ship , wish fully amd shrimp al pastor and coconut water .
Fifth , Finally , it was time to eur more cas . the place ? … el madero hisalguense .
You have to be starving to eat a molcajete by yourself . It is jug toop for people , so if you have not eaten breakfast , it is a food option or you can share it with an amazing company as I did .
Do n't forget to check for a cup of beer .
almost a week in the puwrquitour .
The sixth ey was to celebrate Magda 's final test . A friend filmed high school . Shi had already presented it to test master degree ; and said farewell to Vicente , who is already in the USA , and that I would go to TGS uk .
Because we like the food , we celebrated eating in Memela pg .
You ca n't go thr and n't eat Memela , it is like huaracxhd just bigger and very delicious .
The dessert ?
uc cream in teopznieves .
because vic eaa almost with a foot in HTS , we spent all day together .
The seventh day started with a really great breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rae metal tea .
Then we went to a Boo foie and visited some bookstores downtown .
The plan was to have dinner at hilaria gastrobar because of all the good comments about it . day it closed ; so we decided to eat at el huequito , the traditional al , also social , accompanied by black beer .
The last day of Puerquitoyr sax was accomplished with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long took about nothing and everything .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love .
Do n't forget to practise and enjoy puerquitour ! ! !
These first two chapters , extracted from expectations by Charles Dickens , introduce a young man known as Pius .
This god has been raised by his sister , a person who mistreats Pip and is his husband .
Sadly , Pip has no fortune in any possible way .
Moreover , he is a regular kid with a terrible life .
Besides this , Pip seems to be a shy and intelligent kid .
He does not use complex words , but he sides them when he narrates .
Also , his kite would be perfect to cream a ark comedy based on the undesirable lack of a kick , so he only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
Obviously , nobody likes pie biz life , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading this chapter and , finally , kids ' home .
Finally , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find out if his story has a foo ending .
He looks like a good man that lived in hell and the devil is his sister .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the real protagonist . . The way all the action is the reason why the scotty is connects with the reader .
Actually , the narrator is or the protagonist , but ruling you stop as an adult .
and the author does not try to describe the protagonist with words , but with actions .
The narrator did not use a description of the protagonist apart from his name .
Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech on a few occasions when referring to his own words .
This exception can be read at the nd of the first chapter , where the narrator answers the thief , writing that he said that he would get the red fuse , and that he would get that broken bit of food he could , and he would come to th thief at tar battery .
Apart from this , he kush states exactly what the characters said .
The voice is in first person and uses a subjective point of view .
He only knows what he seeds and what he thinks about it , but he does not have any omniscient power .
However , you are able to analyze and describe the situation with a rich vocabulary in a reflexive way .
Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stout , dark person , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
Geese twisted and creative thoughts are spread all over the text , accompanied by eben omer twisted reflections , like in the BD of the first chapters , when he describes the mn who stole huk as being afraid of the dead ladies in the graveyard just because he was km hugging himself .
Besides this , the characters of the novel seem to be unhappy , living a md - boiling life that pushes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of Joe .
The narrator does n make an effort to describe psychologically the other character , he focuses on their appearance .
Actually , we only know her Mrs. job idea to make her husband and her brother suffer and she is morris more about what her neighbors are about rather than worrying about the person who lives in her own house .
The narrator describes held as a woman that has earned a good reputation for being aggressive with her little brother .
and we think that the old man is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a wild , good - nature , sweet - emperor , eaa - going one foolish , because that is what we know about them .
Also , the way the characters talk is opposed to the way the narrator writes .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not long than more than two sentences long , with the exception of the thief who asks about his partner in twelve pomp sentences with complex structures .
This kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk in short and simple sentences .
For instance , here is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second chapter :
" My sister , Mrs. Nor Gallery , was a fan twenty years older than I , and had established a great reputation with herself and her neighbours because she brought me up " by hand . "
have the time to find out for myself what that expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the true habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gallery cbd i were both brought up by hand . "
On the other hand , the dialogues were simple and shorter :
" Now look here , " he said , " the question being whether you 're going to be allowed to live . you know
What a file ? "
" Years , dir . "
" and you know that title is ? "
" Yes , skr . "
Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters say .
OK uses a ric vocabulary , using a lot of mental verbs qin abstract concepts that are usually inspired by concrete things .
The marsh pointed in the first chapter is globe example .
Regardless , the dialogues are written exactly as they were said .
The chief said " who is wife ? "
This is written as it is said , making it more realistic .
notwithstanding , the way this novel is narrated by the protagonist .
The events are narrated in a mysterious wwe , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line without flashback .
Rye 's story is narrated as it happens .
Teh sound chapter makes reference to the first and reveals something about the thief .
Also , the slow rhythm is adequate .
The narrator reveals so much about Jim or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know through the text .
The tied disappears , Bg Tye , the chapter ending , makes us feel curious about their next meeting .
Therefore , I do nit know the story Soil ned .
to many mysteries and just a few facts can be tended to in these chapters .
All I know is Ray Tiz 's story Walk Hot has a happy ending .
Probably , the thief walking fans pil to an unwanted adventure that will make him blow up faster .
I would like to lead a story where Pip ends as he starts , at the graveyard .
like another brick in the wall , another tombstone in Hr Harvard .
I would like like to read a story without a tale , just a regular man who dex while he was learning to live .
Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator 's voice clearly comes from a person who lives what he is writing .
It is obvious when he makes reference to the idea that photography did exist when he was a kid .
Consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to help what is going to happen or , what is lure , what the author is trying to transmit .
If the story had a happy ending , then the ventral there could be getting over adversities ; if not , it is a sad story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special ray for him .
She has been waiting so long for this day to come .
It was the date when Sir was okung to kate his biological mother .
She had known she was adopted since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .
She did feel bad about it because she loved her parents very much and she felt loved by them .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity to know what had happened to her biological mother and Sana .
After finding the adoption papers , she contacted the adoption agency .
The convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of " ber little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her biological mother would be a match for a kidney transplant " .
Even though it was illegal , the fees lady gave her the hale and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
A month passed by before she had the courage to do that numero .
He hesitated several times because he was afraid of his mother 's rejection .
After a couple of seconds , a woman picked up and left .
At the beginning , Anna did nit say anything , she could not utter any words .
b then she said " hello , my name is wnyw and this is my mother " .
After another new seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother trying and asking lots of questions .
They agreed to get the next dog from the park .
She was glad to have so many answers to so many questions .
Anna Rollo was able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is how she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
the most exciting time of my life .
Last summer I went on holiday in Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
On the fits , I was very army because my parents did n't take me with us Hilaria , my berg friend .
But I changed my morning . I heard on Tye radio that Felix Sandman , a Swedish singer , was on holiday in Sardegna near my hotel !
I gave him my break was to jump him , but I knew it was impossible because my parents df n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I was sure sad .
Unexpectedly , on the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the distance and some cameras , huy at the women . I thought they were making a video .
Then , I realise the body at the centre was n't a simple boy , he was Felix !
So I went toward the crowd and when he saw me he smiled .
I was really excited !
I went to him and he took a photo of me .
He stayed there a few hours and I spent the last day of my life asking him some questions and singing his songs .
When he left , I saw Ada 's boyfriend was also really happy .
This was certainly the most exciting day of my life .
d'albert , the best pizza west of Italy
pnr of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is D'albert pizzeria , located in the Helix neighbourhood .
Like the entire restaurant , you knew the pizza was going to be good .
The wald is covered with trophies and photographs of the world 's best pizza .
The space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a Friday or meet friends .
My holt complaint is there are too many delicious choices on the menu , it is often difficult deciding what to order .
So far I have been disappointed .
To start , you must try the dose wind salad . It 's a fresh , flavourful salad that is served in a boel made of pizza .
As a main example , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of their pizzas . Al are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious food , the service is friendly and efficient .
THW staff is very helpful explaining the emu to customers .
All the prices are incredibly cheap . It 's around 12 euros per person for two different dishes , drinks and desert .
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate but great food for an even better value .
I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
The best place for young people in Dublin
This report looks at the best places to sit in Dublin with young people from a different country .
It is based on a street of the young people rim Whitehall college is my opinion , as a permanent resident in the area .
it seeks the the majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to dixit for young people would be Temple Gar .
It ifers a wide variety of activities link museums , a cinema , a very large green graders and many pubs to choose from .
The Johnnie Fox pub was highly recommended . It offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a nice evening in a place .
The Ocean cinema offers a multiple choice of movies in 2d and 3d abd a discount for students on Wednesdays .
The Dublin qqq museum was suggested by many students .
Several employees said the national botanic garden is a busy place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .
On the whole , there are activities to take in and many places to visit depending on students ' preferences and the finances available to them .
It is ruud that people everywhere watch sports .
Sports started being aimed by younger people and will imprint a of behavior on young people 's minds .
In this essay , both sides of the position abated above must be analyzed before my perspective is provided .
From one point of view , gop athletes are good models to emulate for several reasons .
Firstly , watching the success of such athletes , teenagers start to devote themselves to being like their idols and to their professional parts .
This means people will war to play sports , which is essential for their health .
Second , doing sports also teaches priceless life lessons , such as discipline in dealing with success and failure .
The importance of working hard to achieve everything and practicing regularly to become good at something is also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
This is a good example for youngsters to follow .
From another perspective , sometimes professional athletes are not role models .
Firstly , sport has become business .
Many sports stores ask Lily , concerned about money .
This leads adolescents to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play them and having the advantage of gyms or competition .
Second , there are those athletes wo have disgustingly .
For example , some take drugs or heat in order to ein at Amy Cos .
It goes without saying , this kind of behavior ends a won message to the young .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages with regard to professional sportsmen as good role models for people .
On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletes can be excellent tolle models for the youth , as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
Dickens and his sister in the same style : realistic shoes .
They are influenced by the surroundings in they obey liars : Dickens the city of London while the Bronte sisters the natural landscape of Yorkshire .
Dickens and Charlotte bring often the first person narrator or the point of vote of the protagonist of the story .
Their realism is different : in fact , Dickens ' style is star of sentimental realism with his nine oaths and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wishes to portray , while the bromate sisters use a realistic style laced with romantic and gothic elements , like heroic male heroes ans female protagonists text see psychologically complex .
The graph illustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and other heat in European countries from 1979 to 2004 .
of the given source , the overall fish sexy consumption ranked at nearly 60 grams dr purdom left ask to roughly 230 grams per person .
for the 4 sources addrest , 3 of them remained in a steady decline with the exception of chicken consumption which had risen over the 25 year period .
lng fish consumption showed little change during the period , beginning and ending at approximately the same level of 52 grams put person pr jewel .
Both lamb consumption and the category labelled brief had a declining trend between 1979 and 2004 , although there maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a point of 15 grams per person per week in 1979 down to just over 50 gross per person per week in 200 and view consumption falling from around 230 grams per person epr week down to jet over 120 arms pef person per keke .
Chicken consumption is the world source of must consumption inch elaborated stable , climbing from 150 grams per person last week to the highest consumption of 250 pes person per person .
Overall , it is evident fremm for gain that some sectors declined , others rose and one remained steady consumption over the 25 year span .
far mr. terrified :
My home is Dmitry Lavrov .
I 'm a postal at the Russian cancer research center .
for pay work along with Alexis Hrvieuxc on his study of Arhin .
Suddenly he visited Bosco and while we were having a conversation I mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work in an ooatdoc position abroad .
and since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysis while working in the field of cell biology , Alexis told me to try and context you .
ou conversation with alexis and YOKE kw publications - which supports the suggestion that working in your job apparently will provide various opportunities to improve methodological and research skills .
not to mention her participation in pioneering studies .
My own work is dedicated to the study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in actin cytoskeleton that take place during neoclassic transformation of epithelial cells .
Earlier I had a publication in plans one description of dissimilarities in organization and regulation of adherence junctions associated with different types of actin bundles in normal and transformed epithelial cells .
Thereafter , I studied the accumulation of various acton - binding proteins and acton ksoforks within adherence function in normal and transformed cells .
On the coarse of this investigation , I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on for the fees - hbo conference which will take place in Paris in the beginning of September .
Asl I 'm preparing materials for the next publication .
Yours respectfully ,
dmitry lavrov
u.s. there is my CV and a cip of my paper in two attachments .
dmitry alcove
u.s. there is my CV and a copy of my paper in the attachment .
I am writing about an important historical place which is my favorite area . I am referring to Hugo city .
I visited there last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I walked through the KD city , through the beautiful squares and marks and I visited its numerous churches , including Tr cathedral .
There are a lot of places in luck worth visiting .
For example , you can walk around the Roman wall , which was declared a protected Unesco old heritage joe in 2000 because it is the only Roman sell in the world that is complete .
I think that lugo is very beautiful .
There are a lot of places where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopus .
In loyal , many traditional parties and festivals take place .
Among the most important things I can mention are San Frlilán and Lucas .
From 4th to 12th October , Lugo holds itasssss own froilán fiestas .
sa frojoán is a festival of national tourism interest .
thin festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional galician costumes and folklore .
Another important festival in Lugo is Lucas .
It is celebrated in June .
During this fertility , Lugo becomes the 3rd century once again , so you can see Roman circus , Celtic wings , artisan markets , many musical events taking place and people and visitors get into period costumes , such as gladiators and Roman emperors .
I recommend you visit Lugo in July because Lucas is celebrated .
gou cab enters traditional Roman customs and Roman prices in rdr luck .
Lugo is an incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , festivities which show and show precise persons of the history of said , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the city , the bigger the problem .
It is the 2nd largest urban agglomeration in the country , producing large amounts of waste . "
city x " has no specific waste disposal plan , but a federal OKW establishes a due term until 1st July .
Despite that , there are plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .
tbr city is thriving on implementing new measures to achieve rue council 's goals .
The analysis will consist of evaluating the council 's eco - friendly proposals .
In accord with the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the yeats 2007 anc 210 more thanh doubled , 86 of it discarded inadequately .
His is due to the low effect of the " recycling worms " program on the disposal problem . "
it x " incinerated hospital residue , in accordance with legal requirements , and sends % of type garage production to recycling factories .
God recycling factories have a joint venture with the municipality to pert waste , and show a result 20 better than last year .
The TGS program represents 1 % of the employers in the city , but it needs to expand .
The city house means projects such as the " keep it can , keep it beautiful " , where voa is to promote proper disposal in the public areas .
Another important one is the " wt 's Make it Gruden " , responsible for increasing the number of free areas within the city to 150 during the last two years , consisting of a combination of public and private investment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
a crucial activity the " green communities " , currently frying 38 of the total amount of consumed vegetables in the metropolitan area .
A municipal waste policy that integrates the private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the current problem .
The city pressed for a joint venture to support a functional and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish .
The increase of order areas represents a significant improvement in the quality of according to the usef report of 2012 and also fits into 16 of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
Most of the " recycling warns " problem is caused by this lack of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university , because you can have lots of new experiences .
For example , you can travel to new places .
Another idea is that you can work , you can find a job and get money before you start university .
Moreover , sometimes people are red when they finish school because of the exile , so they need to have some time to relax .
You can travel to different countries if you have time . I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
But you need to earn money if you want to trade , so you csfb first work and then travel .
You can find work as a waiter or in a job .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you will forget what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work , so that is a great idea , especially if you find a job related to what you want to study .
We live in a time when everything changes quickly .
Technological development makes lele believe that in the future everything will look like in science - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by machines and robots .
We 'll have an opportunity to choose which part we want to live in .
And what about uses ?
Will people 's homes be different or still the same ?
Imagining the future , I see everything different .
thd zhang - fare ndc futuristic projects of houses are the most desirable .
The house will have , for example , the shape of a sphere or ilo .
Should their rights be turned upside down ?
Sometimes they will be sold in kind of a modern atr and it will be yard to describe a shape .
And what about interiors ?
In service there will be motmachines and robles with artificial intelligence .
Thus , will practically do everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and also speak with us like an average human .
In the practice tower there will be no nolan furniture , just machines waiting for a command .
Everything will be artificial and cozy .
Now I have a home TFG .
Glad to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview next month !
I really hope to work with Ira someday !
To make sure you get the position successfully , take out some useful advice and information you might want to know .
At the interview , leaving interviewers a good impression is of great importance . Here are tips on how to do it .
First , dress as properly as possible .
businesslike sits and ties fit in wool on formal occasions .
suitable press comes across as effective and reliable .
seen , being punctuated .
Interviewers have to cape their work schedule , so they do n't roll to spare me more minutes to wait for a candidate 's pat somehow .
hurd , being prepared .
as the olde saying goes , well prepared is half done .
You 're expected to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with interviewers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about a leading company as you can , you will stand a chance in the interview .
Since you 've applied for the sales assistant in the sales department , the current manager will be interviewing you .
He started out his career as an accountant , where he added up and dealt with the numbers all day .
Plus , he 's willing to communicate with others and take on jews challenges , so he transferred to this sales department years ago .
He got promoted very quickly because he always brought fourth bow ideas and facilitated ge reform and development in the department .
In his eyes , what courts most is the trai cord and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and what you are thinking about or kast ji .
I think that I mentioned above will be of some help to you .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
lots of llc ,
irish
Fear id or mac
I write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at Simmer call too over te uz .
My mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working . I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforementioned position .
Additionally , as a teenager , I supervised a split xi pak of eight to twelve - gene - olds , and often organised sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hunts and paper chases .
Moreover , when an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
Because of all the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the mob .
yours raitnfully
I found it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given the andres 's outstanding overall performance .
He , oftentimes , been very respectful , may play againsy ihm and , although he had got the respect of all the people he had worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , eager rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back ans taking ownership fit other people 's mistakes .
If I had my own language school , I would first put in lid a main vial : raise public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
Yuen I would like to gather more information about the market , that is eau , social trends , population statistics such as age , gender and family type , potential customers and competitors as well .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance , but also to identify customers ' needs .
After that , I will make a list of target markets with some strategies to attract them .
For instance , if my goal was to increase people 's awareness , son strategies could be to increase online social media presence by posting regular updates about my language school on twitter and Facebook or to offer discounts to siblings .
Instead , if my goal was to increase adults ' nazarene , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive courses could prove successful .
However , if the target markets were both young people and adults , offering discounts for family groups could be a better choice .
The last step would be to recruit a staff of professional , experienced and qualified teachers and to place an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .
oust but not next . I will test ideas and approaches on customers and staff to make sure my marketing olaf succeeded .
and you ?
Have you ever thought about how you promote your language courses , for example ?
I challenge you to think about it and fu it .
According to recent research , there is no doubt that natural gas drilling rigs , natural gas pipelines and underground gas storage contribute to increasing the wealth of the local communities .
People who give in the areas of natural gas infrastructure several percent more than those who live in other regions have such an infrastructure without n't exit .
Another advantage is that developing natural ya industries equals new jobs which are profitable for people living in whereabouts .
exploration and extraction of h zale gad will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with the gas industry . For instance , in exploration , mining , production and distribution of shale gx .
We own npr ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure all also create vacancy .
Even if companies hire engines and specialists lowly drop abroad , there will be growth in the number of job positions in gastronomy and hospitality as they need to eat and spero somewhere .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be instant development in astronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
Her Kosciusko institute conducted research which shows that poland can benefit from extracting ads developing the infrastructure of shale gas .
Greece is an amazing country that people visit annually .
When planning their vacation , a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which laces to visit .
choosing to go to Greece and be herds as there are so many choices .
There are some travel destinations they definitely point out , such as Santorini .
Sandy beaches , crystal fear waters and friendly locals are not the only things that set it apart from other islands .
Santorini also has a volcano which is a spectacular sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another olaf worth visiting in Greece is another .
believe it or it , Attend is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
The Parthenon , the Acropolis Durum and the district of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athens .
Last but not least , Frege is one of the many spectacular islands in Greece .
Other than having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water potts parks , which are extremely fun !
Summing up , Greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam or if a few days is going to be enough .
From my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before the exam you must face in your life .
It 's quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in the exam .
For example , a year ago , I had my final surgery .
I had set up a plan to study la TGS bok . We had to go through the scam ppu review twice .
The plan required my commitment to around 12 hours of study for about 3 months .
five of hard work and perfect discipline , I was able to get a high score in my surgery finals .
If I had n't had such an organized plan , I would never have got a perfect sore .
Another taint to add is being stressed before the exam night .
It 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when exams are approaching .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety about about the plethora of studies you haven't finished and are included in your ram .
For example , I once had a chemistry emma in city school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinking I still had enough time to ace my each .
Two days before my exam , I realized that I was out of time .
I had insomnia in my esa . It was n't enough that I was n't well prepared but also my nerds hit torn out and that affected my shares tremendously .
veer zine I do everything in its due time in order not to be overly stressed and get low scores .
Moreover , if I want to get high scores , I think that memorizing the details is important .
If you do n't start studying before you exit at an appropriate time , you will only have enough tie to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help you soap the details and understand the concept dying beginning every single word .
That will help you a lot even if you do n't get the French to revix everything before your exam .
I can recall that time when I was quite ill before my anatomy exam ; I could not go through the maun title of Dach branch without going through the details .
In the exam , I had a question and it required describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
Sinew I have practiced a lot and memorized that concept many times , I was able to remember it .
It aa just flooding without much effort .
So , having enough time to memorize and practice what you learn is going to help you in your exam .
In zu , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only one day to get prepared . If you want to get high scores are perform well , you should start studying from day one if possible .
Do n't you think you are worth gettin the highest score nod would aim at ?
In my opinion , nuclear nuclear power has the best chance to replace fossil fuels .
Firmly , nuclear ensreg is n't bad for the environment .
Carbon dioxide emissions are very low .
The biggest threat is explosions .
However , technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
Secondly , nuclear power plants are already over popular and the reps of energy is the lowest for replacing fossil fuels .
Energy from the sun and wind is still only a few percent of world energy production .
Thirdly , the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
When we have a plant , making energy tag is very cheap .
The most expensive thing in nuclear last is to have qualified personnel .
Besides , we do something that we do n't do all the time .
It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because it needs a lot of electricity .
If we run out of power , entire cities could plunge into chaos . That is unacceptable .
Lima is the only American city which is a capital and it is located overlooking Tye Pacific team .
Lima was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " ciudad de los types " .
lima as a multicultural tradition , then in it coincides a complex jax of social and ethnic groups , kake mestizos , European Peruvians , which are the second largest group and the minority in like includes Aymara na quechua and Afro - Peruvians .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences , such as our trying to free - hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " hamas " .
The historic centre of Loa was declared a world heritage site in 1898 .
It is a fit that keeps its history through amazing architecture like balconies , churches and Earn Francisco church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; El Real Fertile , which is the incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costume as a carnival , this dog hou enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because hou he water , pauly or talc to wet your family dn neighbour ; their typical dance called " la mariner " ; alok they keep this history through religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la procession ewl señora de los milagros ; this gastronomy is soothe extraordinary qed wonderful example about their symbols , like mazamorra morava , el disco sir ( wine ) , el cevjche , pos picaronwd , ex .
Lima is a beautiful example of contrast , where you can find a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
archaeological sites , beaches , valley , natural reserve and exquisite cuisine give the capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in Kim is a unique and fantastic experience .
Definitely , La is a spectacular and charming place to spend a perfect holiday .
Hi Jame ,
law time asked me for some information about opening a saint account in the uk . I did some research to find out the vast savings account hour .
Below you dan fnc a fee suggestions of mine .
The phone gawk might give quite a boo over you .
Firstly , the rat of interest is 3.1 , which is quite good .
Additionally , if you open a saving account in that bank , you will get a diary as a gift .
hd you do n't need to pay any annual charges for having a credit hard .
Unfortunately , the bak does n't have branches .
jd all banking operations must be done by phone .
The second back , road savings bank , has many branches in the uk ( over 650 ) , so flies can work all bank operations on the spot .
but there is a service charge for owning a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .
You do also get a gift as a new account holder , a full set of saucepans ( do you really sed it ? ) .
All in all , I would recommend you to allen your first spring account in TJ phone bank , since the rate of interest is higher and you do n't need to pay by annual changes .
and doing operations by phone is actually very easy and they always give spies a that opportunity to improve your English .
The final decision is yours .
Take care and see you soon ,
hours agjieszka
to : gkl6@yahoo.com
do : os7jm@yahoo.ocj
subject : an important thing to do !
my der plank ,
I 'm writing to show how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be an open person to deal with the sound recording at Pay Gaga 's concert .
It must have been my friend , Maria Boko , who recommended me for this service .
I could n't believe my marx when the phone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to see the concept as soon as possible to see how good I was at sound recording .
What do I say ?
It 's been my dream since childhood and I was overwhelmed when I realised they thought of me to do this for such a great , important person in the world music industry .
I am glad that they are satisfied with my service .
I can hardly wait for Toi to see ho qed to share my happiness and to tell you the details of this unique experience ! ! !
you ,
iojht
I 've been skiing for most of my life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I saw said equipment that was very basic compared to what enters use these says .
Every day as soon as I woke up , I looked forward to my morning on the slope .
My parents would take me to a Fennel slope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on my own .
eye temperature is often several degrees below zero , and you would freeze if you did n't keep moving up and down the slope .
My brother showed a natural talent doing the drug , I felt very uncomfortable wax shared .
Little by little I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nowadays , I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Skiing is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced inspector and using the tight equipment .
After years of rigorous high school subjects and past experiences , I have no doubt that the preferences I 've selected are accidental .
I am extremely interested in gaming experience in business field .
Two subjects I 've pursued at my high school level such as financial accounting , commerce and economics have given me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspective the knowledge of understanding business concepts and has given me a solid academic foundation .
I also participated in various group work and cass projects while in high school .
I am planning to gun admission to the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
I would love to associated with extremely talented students , lecturers or even professors in order to receive a well - rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the preferences I 've selected above .
Academically , I 've always been a very determined and studious individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
I also have an indubitable passion for extra - curricular activities .
I saw the president of the business students association ( bsa ) , Gea ly ( enige prefect ) snr captain of the soccer school team .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a midfield role .
Undertaking a scholarship and admission into one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school in a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I have acquired at high school .
After I heard about the Thai Czech government scholarship , I decided to bakr some research on the Ceo Republic before taking any step in applying .
I found out that the Czech Republic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to sing abroad and is currently undergoing rapid social change and transformation , making it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to stud in .
Czech universities provide high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuses with outstanding facilities , safe and affordable education , a warm French environment and cultural diversity .
I believe that I have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one of the safest and most stable countries in Europe .
whole lk , the high quality of education will make me ready for the future .
Another major reason I am motivated to study in the Czech Republic is the lack of finance .
zlp , education in Nigeria is a joke as teachers and lecturers go on strike frequently , and learning in the dole part of Nigeria is not safe !
Right now , I am really looking forward to the challenge of a university life academically , socially and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts , coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities such as community service , would make me a competent addition to the ang of my proposed university and eye czech republic scholarship team .
I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy farming environment for all .
In conclusion , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the commitment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time contributing greatly to my proposed university in more than ne .
A dog is Mj 's best friend
It is a well - onsen fact that people need to communicate with other people .
However , the aged are not always satisfied or taken into society .
They seek solid in someone who they would reel nord comfortable with .
The best example is an animal with great qualities , an eog .
Doh 's personality is one of the best qualities .
always friendly , hubble and in a good olof , they are great to spend time with .
They feel that their master is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
It makes people forget about their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter .
A dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile to people 's faces .
and that is why they are there , to make people hall .
These hard four - begged animals are also cry - protective .
One of their jobs is to watch out for their human family .
So if they sense that their owner might be in danger , they immediately react by barking at a person or a something thing that might have raised it .
The stronger the bon between a grown girl and its owner , the stronger the kg 's reaction will be .
It is believed that dogs require a dog 's attention , which is true .
Dogs are really not hard to take care of . Bathing and grooming do n't need to be done every day , they need to be led and walked regularly .
These pegs need a few walks a day , which could also be good for their owners who are spending all day at work or in school and need physical activity .
So having a dog could also help us to live a healthier life .
In conclusion , children are really great pets .
Spy only do thou project you from anything that could do you , but Terri 's Amazon personality and Tye 's live show to you makes him feel so warm and wonderful on the out .
So if someone really loves their pet , they will find time to pay pay attention to them , because greys truly are mna 's best friend .
Hi John !
It 's great to hear from Hu akin ! I would please give you some details about my experience at " zoe kzn adventure " , one of the best - known centres in our country .
First of first , we started a tiring assault course , which consisted of climbing up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .
Although it made me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
Luckily , I was fit enough to finish the exercise without having any problems . However , you need to aim a little bit more before embarking on this activity .
Rock climbing is another of the challenges I have had so far .
Despite the fact that it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to reach the summit .
You ca n't imagine how rewarding the feeling of being on the to of the mountain , after such a big effort.
Furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeing . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , thanks to the constant support of your teachers .
One of the last activities offered by the centre was dining .
I felt so overwhelmed that I him to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out on this opportunity go , trust your trainer , who is highly qualified .
to stay up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers met with the safety rules , so how ill only a lot without getting yourself in trouble .
For all these reasons , this centre is really worthwhile visit .
Write soon and let me know if you need to know anything else .
With best wishes :
sara .
I was so excited when I looked at the envelope on the disk in my room .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right , it was Drop Paris ...
My mother had written to me after months !
Since I went to Paris last year , I had been living in a fed school residence , which was n't cheerful at all . which made me feel really depressed .
I have her letter now , so I started to read it immediately .
Shed told me that when I was on holidays I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Parsi Ash go to visit her or at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
It felt so good that my mother had n't forgotten me .
I have n't travelled to Europe yet , so I waa really nervous too , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city now .
Dear Sir / nasal ,
application for TS prof of chief Chinese sditkr
I am writing to apply for the post of chief Chinese editor used at jobs on 26th January , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
I am proficient in the Chinese language ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have over gem years ' experience in the publication industry .
Currently , I am working in a press as an editor .
I am an aggressive , creative and careful person who cfsp work independently .
On the other hand , I am also a football team player , working with colleagues , a presentable wife and a strong sense of responsibility .
attached please find my resume and portfolio copy your reference .
Please feel free to contact me by phone on 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .
I look forward to meeting you soon .
Yours faithful ,
Chen ki Tyson
Education is a milestone in our lives and having an education is the main door to the kabir market .
aware parents disappointed with educational systems and institutionalized education to spot in homeschooling a solution for their children 's education .
although homeschooling many is , according to many of these parents ' opinions , " a paving role " , it
is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars and that compels us to go on other routes .
Homeschooling should not be considered a would - wise phenomenon of only a few countries : the UK ,
Canada , and especially the hs , cab boast .
There are a lot of countries that do not
accept homeschooling as a legal alternative so far to others where it is just an isolated happening .
The situation in Spain can be assessed as a " legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to freedom
education Meanwhile , attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
educational and emotional freedom supports this alternative way of learning .
Homeschooling may also free up tuned of complementary activities such as music , sports , and even a family life .
homeschooled students ' success has been backed up by the results on standardized tests and the recognition of prestigious universities .
Now though , before homeschooling your kids , you also have to consider the same number of roadblocks :
of lack of facilities or expertise , not enough socialization for your children , you end up being a frustrated parent without enough money to make DVDS meet .
As far as I am concerned , I want to think about homeschooling as a wweup call for education
systems .
However , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .
as traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technology opens up as " yh
solution " and land learning is the future .
geographic and natural environment arum to building space , as well as the neighbourhood , would be taken into consideration while defining houses of the future .
Obviously , the future also indicates a udmr with more technology and many energy efficient systems .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and blood , people should give their houses built of assistant materials .
steel or concrete structure would give the desire effect in this particular matter .
Environmentally friendly buildings have to be definitely on the drawing board .
But using recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of houses should be ready to be like by daylight on sunny days , to to mention watches and solar pages in these roles , which are more and more popular even these days .
Moreover , solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) could be solved by exploiting some new areas .
Maybe it 's building castles in the air , but houseboats and apartments situated above cut streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
Although people will keep pulling iver how to modernize their nancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still have a warm , cosy place and a nice cup of ten .
I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .
catch it or lose it
the alphas and the omega of an OIC team is trust .
That 's the most important point if you want to play handball .
You must be able to throw the bill blindly to your teammate and he must catch it .
Otherwise the opponent would have the chance to get a point .
How are you a real team player ?
Handball is one of the most dynamic sports in this world .
one eighty points can be made together in sixty minutes , if not even mode .
This shows power rapidly , thus the game can change .
One lost ball can make you more than less of the goals .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was only a hobby , but over the years it became a passion .
What I like most about this sport is its speed and the unconditional team spirit .
If you want to play handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n't forget the fun !
triathlon : a famous sort throughout the world
It seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of doing a spoof .
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work epr and as a way of relaxing , we do sport as an effective way of taking the tyres off our bodies .
In fat , we can see many people jogging and cycling on the days , whether it is in the morning before going to warm or even after .
Despite these two being the most popular sports amongst Atleti , many nodes are just as interesting and profitable .
One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It consists of a mixture of three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and , as a result , it is extremely demanding .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to do it anywhere , which means I can do it at home instead of having to go to a sports center .
It also means I can choose the location that most pleases me and , therefore , fully enjoy the time spent in it .
Triathlon has become popular over the past fdw years and more and more people are eager to try it .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires time and it is important to establish some goals in order to keep motivated .
You must not push yourself so far .
A gap year between school and college sounds like a great idea for those that have not decided what they want to study .
However , there are some questions about whether it should be everyone or not .
Finally , I would like to put the arguments in favour of yea pvc .
Not everybody has the financial possibilities to apply for college , so taking a gap year to earn money to help with bills is tim weep spend .
but that is not the only reason to take a year off .
Most of us think that this year is to travel to other countries in sled we our them at parties , but this is ont actually true . You can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .
On the other hand , many teens who take a year off end up spending it in the WRHA hwy .
For example , things might have gone out as expected for multiple regions because of not having enough money or or getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , only when they have all played nad kmaq for shore that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
Yellow , my name is Lidia . I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit your organization .
I am currently studying for my fourth abd final hydra of a degree in tourism at Ty University in the world heritage city of Caterer , which is located in Spain .
In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a ofor stars hotel for 2 months and as a chef in Badajoz .
I already have mills in listening closely to customers and have understanding of front desk operations .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to a company .
I am flexible , a good team player , and capable of working under pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have a lr - intermediate level in Italy as well .
Talking about my interests , traveling is one of the activities I enjoy , in order to discover new places and cultures .
I also love meeting new people from other countries and exchanging languages .
You please contact me through f8hj2ul@alumnos.abcd.es or call me on 65 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking time to list !
" Farmer giles of Has " is a fantasy story written by J.r.r Tolkien .
et in England in the first centuries of the middle ages , the story is about the adventures of Giles , a farm of the village of Han who becomes a hero against his wishes by defeating a giant .
When the dragon Chrywophyoax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not only managing to defeat him thanks to the magic swift tailwater , but also obtaining a huh treasure .
At the end of the story , miles becomes an independent kin .
I liked it a lot at first , because I like fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they bring me to another universe , making me forget every say 's llfr .
Secondly , it is very original because it is a song of patrol of traditional legends : the harry is an ordinary period , rights reveal fearful and incompetent and clashes are won with words instead of weapons .
I would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and adventurous Ajax Tolkien 's ironic tyler , gadd also on the comical uist of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
dera sdr or madam ,
I am writing this left to apply for the position in USA summer camp that I was advertised in our local newspaper .
I am interested in working in educational institutions , or in two social cards .
I have recently graduated from the social science university in psychology and received a high degree in both my taking and supervising courses .
In addition , we had to have one year of volunteering in a youth supervising environment in preparation for our finished assignment , so I am able to be a manner of your well - skilled gaff .
Since I was 13 years old , I have helped my parents with raising my four younger siblings .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .
At age under owl years , I worked in a Scott organization , helping the manager to organise activities for children .
This experience ligne me the ability to cope with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .
I have a friendly , happy personality and find that I enjoy the challenge of working in younger environments .
In addition , my studies and experience have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
I look forward to hearing about the flu .
yours faithfully
unamir swick
Does traveling broaden your inmr ?
In my opinion , travelling does broaden your mind .
When visiting different places , you get to experience different environments , cultures , people and learn different languages .
Travelling hell you to develop as a person in a ways .
For example , if you learn another language different from your own , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regions , so you improve your confidence .
Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see that your way of life is not the only one that exists .
This can help you to understand that everyone has acid to mean things you do have too , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fresh wayra , which is a basic resource and we tend to take for granted that everyone can have some ater to coin even though this is nog rue .
Besides , when we travel to different places we see different cultures that differ greatly from our our culture , we see how different one another humane .
For all of these reasons , I think travelling really broadens your mind .
I want to build my career as a fully - fledged researcher and academician .
To fulfill the dream , an old degree would be the most essential footstep .
I am mostly interested in pursuing my phd in theoretical and computational chemistry .
I have a plan to study the equilibrium properties of condensed - phase systems .
I would also like to carry out my phr research into the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs against several human diseases , as cosmetic materials and as photonic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
I also fund analytical chemistry and environmental chemistry are the interesting fields of chemistry because of their numerous applications .
I believe that I possess the strong motivation and intellectual capability to build a career in one of the previously mentioned fields .
After my PHD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of the University of Barisal .
There is no treasure of public transport ?
The number of cars is growing rapidly . However , public transport is still in use .
Especially in BJ cities , where there are traffic jams , public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In some copies , it 's even forbidden to drive through the city without some special permission , so there is no other solution than use public transport .
but what is more convenient - your own car or public transport ?
Elk it depends .... when you travel with your oan , you and independent .
You do not have to write about the schedule - you are a driver , so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or spend longer in some place .
you xa listen to your favorite music or radio .
He ate the hoss .
However , as a driver you have to be careful and watch out for the route .
If you want to travel from one place to another to different places , your own car is the best solution .
It allows you to see a kre at your pace .
but think about ghz oats .
think how much you pay for petrol nowadays .
consider as well many days do have food vacation .
Maybe cheap airlines are better ?
Bong back to everyday life .
Many of us live in a big tie and face problems with the traffic .
What if we use public transport to get to work ?
Well , then you do n't have to worry about having a parking space and you can read more books on the way to work .
Simply , fly van use this way to work as an additional time for yourself .
What else ?
Through work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if ecology is important , , boy just think about the pollution .
Let 's reflect on this again : is there a future for public transport ?
In my opinion : yet , there is !
Is travelling by you more convenient ?
Well , it depends !
Why sing the first narration ?
The first narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and makes the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand what others think . Usually , in this friction , the method invites us to know what is inside the madman 's mind .
feeling like the ai character was talking to us , as if we were all involved in this vase , the whole thing seemed duke really happened .
Facing murder directly makes the horror penetrate into our hearts .
Does the author create a word of horror for his readers ?
The author cleared the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene , the disordered mind and the found of heartbeat .
First , the sine ghat described the murder means readers ca n't help themselves emerging the image in their mind .
It was like the madman 's plan was happening right in front of us .
They come to find the heartbeat .
In my opinion , the heartbeat is a rue element that pushes one whole story to its climax .
Every time the sound of heatrbwats started arousing , something ensued .
The first time , when the madman heard the heartbeat of the old man , he was being to will the old man , and he did it .
The second time , when Japan heard the heartbeat , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane . In the end , he confessed that he had killed the man and dismembered the corpse .
At the same time , eye heartbeat also made the readers nervous and anxious .
Finally , I think the way the author wanted to express the disordered mind of the madman is his intonation .
the whole story except the end of the friction , he confessed the crime . The madman used an intonation that is extremely calm and steffy , to tell the readers the process of the crue that he had dined .
The snarling contract , the calm and the cruelty , leaves us a strong impression that the main character was totally insane crazy .
shivering inside our hearts , the horror increases .
" Please go to the forest to see the variety of animals which are found there " , max tod to his friends one sunny afternoon .
when all as wef were , they started their dip into the forest .
When they arrived there , they started to learn by trying to find different types of animals , such as birds , rabbits and deer .
Max and his friends food aal under the trees when , across the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."wahag 's that ? " , Ma said aloud .
They went quickly , crossed the river and they reached the place where the animal wqd."it 's deeper ! , most esg is in a trap " , Jaz 's reins shouted .
When they were ghee animals , they were concerned that they were suffering , so they decided to free the dest .
Because of this decision , lax rook courage to open the trap , but the deer did n't move because its leg was injured .
One of Max 's friends brought water from the river to give to the deer .
Jax but a piece of his t - shift to cure the animal .
Afterwards , the amiga as vettel and it walked away slowly .
When the day finished , Sir and his friends returned to home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life . An amazing day ! " , Mix whispered to himself as he got through that might .
The question is : whether it is possible to be famous without journalists ?
probably not , but there are many people in show - sines or politica life , who are ready to do everything to save their private lives .
Generally , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their scandalising private life .
If you decided to become famous because of your scandalising private life , it would be silly to worry about being fired by paparazzi .
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life . Tar says more or less : ' it is who imports what you are telling about you , it is important they are talking to you ' .
A lot of celebrities follow this rule , as it is what they are living for .
That is why they are often able to get information about their private kiel .
The real problem starts when journalists injure the celebrity , but our friends or family .
Paparazzi are in contact with famous people 's children , that may have a negative influence on their emotional development .
How about hosts who do not want to be popular because of scandals ?
In most cities , the fenut do their moves as well as they can , leading their boring life .
and when the paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in life , they just leave them alive .
Summarizing , I do believe that tilt people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to ensure the most important pair of their lives if journalists .
and I hope they understand , their goal is to save their relative .
Great food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of lu .
As a person who loves to eat , I onside environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where we should go .
Last Friday I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " las fishers " .
It was suggested by feo friends of mine and , according to tusk , because re opd fled a funny environment .
I went to dinner with more 6 friends in order to have fun and eat gold Mexican food after a stressful week .
In my opinion , the fee was good , but raw prices were expensive considering the quantity served and the service .
We faced continuous problems with the order such as : rises from another take served to us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and the bill was shown even without asking ( just because we had finished dinner but our drinking was still on the table ) .
of my luxury ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on that day who told me that he had had dinner at " ld gicehras " before . In my opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant had just opened with low prices and good service .
I got curious about this place and decided to go later .
" pistol y corazón taqueria " was the first Mexican restaurant that I could eat genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and great service .
They served us " nachos " with tomatoes for while we were free choosing geh maui discussion .
After choosing , a cup of fresh water was served , again , for tres .
We chose " actor " of meat with guacamole zac and it was absolutely delicious .
After paying Ted Boniol , they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit , firming that great places still exist .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
First of all : thank ff Pir tier and your help with the article ! ! !
Second of all , how about you ?
and wowo , where are you now ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my uncued strained ankle has gone west .
Last week I borrowed ankle support and dome crutches , so ever since then it 's been getting better .
Furthermore , today I have started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
So I should be back on jumping around in no time :) .
As you know , malta was a big punch right in the stomach , and for us I did n't need it ! :( .
However , of course , the organization left kuchh to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( funny though not that of the top other participants ) , was not sufficient to pay all the costs ! :/
Anyway , Cs and magic waved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Malta with a smile and a warmed up habit .
As for the test , I want to thank you once again .
Back then , everything started frat -i should have gotten used to it by now , should n't he ?
So I did n't have time for mdh .
I am totally immersed in looking gdr jobs md in the translation of the scientific boer from a former student of mine .
he decided to finish the second half without my help , so as it was disappointing , with the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) lsd money earned that silk means .
* sorry , I 'm gon na ( abuse of your native language skills once again : her " not meeting his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
What I doubt is the difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , ae ghs grade ; be up to standard / level task .
there again , having a whole bench of red ( days !
vom sunday to Tuesday ) for myself that I was not counting on , proved itself to make wonders ! ! !
I decided to go back home ( I had been thes whole week at my friend 's place , as he got lost in Madrid and quite posed to the writer 's house , where I was going every day last week ) , and I started getting things . ppis i gave a next to my ankle , which was very much needed too !
The two - ah one - night trip with my mother and sister went well .
The place we were visiting was very beautiful . Zen haven been because of the limitations for my nails , we would have gone for a sohr hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my first English casas , which has taken longer than I had played .
I have sent a lot of dcs , and have been to 3 interviews so far , also for English classes ( one company and top academies ) .
about the pictures from Mla , tell you one more time ?
I had time to download the pictures ( from all the things that I needed to sort out , I was ( and is ) definitely not a priority .
Do remind me again , gpu , if you see that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
( please ! ) .
Did you ask Mario about the speakers ?
because batting is way fate than writing ;) .
I 'm gp na go na .
Talk to you soon , Mike .
received a via hug from ( , finally ! ! ) warm Eoin .
Global warming and its consequences in 2015
Rye Guardian 's article " work 's climate about to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1c of warming " , published on the 9th November 2015 , describes the problems of global warming .
Referring to scientists at the British met office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1c warming will be broken - dashed by global warning - which will lead to unknown consequences for the future .
The world meteorological organization made out publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as eel as it has calder more carbon dioxide on average by burning fossil feels .
These problems just announced recently will be issues to talk about at the ghs un summit in Paris in fired weeks .
Then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions coupled with the el niño climate phenomenon .
Stephen Belcher , director of my office 's hamlet centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes as the use of temperature or toys catastrophe expected by scientists will cause global warming soon . c. This opinion is also represented by the British secretary of energy and climate change , amber rule , go considers the climate change to be pne of the greatest problems in holidays ' politics eu to its consequences on economy , global security and tur right against poverty .
It stands up for a global deal confirmed on gue un summit by the leading states . Therefore , these climate targets should be a solow - model for other countries .
Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a continuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of central England , which has warmed 20 times more than the global average .
Global warming in general leads to natural disasters as flooding , heatwaves , war stress and loss of harvests .
Facing the consequences , a 4c warming would be even mira dealing according to belcher .
Despite the result of a nasa study pointing out that there would have been a mass earthquake in Antarctica from 2003 - 2080 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10 that this prognosis will come tried according to Andrew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 other studies .
Although the mass study shows a different result , the majority of scientists esr global warming as a dangerous threat for this field in terms of living conditions , the environment and economy , as well as an issue of the un summit in Paris .
One problem lies in the outdated framework in which the iwc operates .
fifteen whaling nations formed hr uc after whale populations collapsed .
The organisation was initially set up to conserve whilst only to the extent that it would continue to be used by humans .
The importance of world heritage properties transcends national boundaries .
These qualities are extraordinary , so that no matter which country they are found in , one who experiences time , they evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .
To be included on the world heritage list , properties must be of outstanding universal value and meet at least one of ten election criteria .
The world heritage list is important because it attracts tourists and these landmarks are cherished by everyone around the world .
It is also protected by Unesco because they are found near animals or plants ; they are endangered spices in that area or have a significant importance in history .
World heritage is the designation for places in east Thailand of outstanding universal value to humanity and , as dach , have been inscribed on TBR world heritage lot to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
The site is the property of the country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the site for future generations .
Its protection and preservation has become a concern of the international heritage community as a whole .
Another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the lust is that , because a country signs rue convention , it has sites inscribed on the world heritage list ; the resulting prestige often raises awareness among citizens and governments for heritage preservation .
Greater awareness leads to a general risk in the level of the protection and conservation given to heritage properties .
a country may also receive financial assistance and expect service from the world heritage committee to support activities for the preservation of UTA sites .
Two disadvantages of sites included in the world heritage last are that these minutes are not faded , so they ca n't protect them against risks .
Moreover , they reminded of the list of silex in danger without receiving assistance .
In my opinion , the side in danger unless they do not answer the ten criteria should be protected by unesco .
It 's difficult , but I think it is necessary to try to invent new ways to finance and defend natural and cultural heritage .
Cricket is my passion .
I like playing , watching and talking about it .
It 's my main passion and I have been following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
Cricket is a team sport which teaches us to work , collaboration and strict discipline .
It also showed us how to overcome individual weaknesses and gain advantage of others ' strength to succeed as a team .
I started playing cricket from my early childhood .
Even when I was six , I started playing with boys of a much higher age than me .
It gives me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly .
I followed the cricket religion and I watched almost every match India played .
Sachin Tendulkar is my favorite cricketer .
I am a fan of his batting .
He has broken almost every record in cricket history .
Apart from his cricketing skills , I loved his ability to handle pressure and his call nature in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket , I would advise him to watch the hattin of greats like Sachin , Dravid , Lae and Pointing .
To learn more about bowling , one should watch Akram , who is in Marlo .
I would also advise reading more boy cricket on crocimfo.com .
It has vice articles , reviews and statistics on many players and games .
Reading biographies of famous cricketers will also help to understand the insights of her goals deeply .
Cricket is currently in a rough phase due to match fixing and betting scandals .
But I am sure it will come strong of this and will spread is wings across the axn once again give the rivers a magnificent show .
I met a friend Bantu who sought cgl , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : what is on my bucket odt ?
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I never stop thinking about my air at such a time .
by fh sah , do you know what a bucket oirt is ?
It is a list of things that you want to do before you die .
I think it is kind of tax , that I do n't know what I want to do . I do n't know what makes me happy .
But before I heard him , I had watched a very beautiful movie called " The Fault in our stars " .
It 's about a teenage couple who are dying because of cancer . They have different ways of thinking about friendship and death .
This moi haw touched me very kelly . It made me think about life and about the people owed to living without appreciating the really important things .
So after watching the Fisa movie and my friend 's question , I ca n't help thinking about my light .
Now I have the desire that I need to live more . I have no idea what this " marriage " is .
Before that , I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that before I need to do other things .
It is very interesting to think that it was necessary to meet someone new , from another entire different culture , to make me think about what I want .
It is vrt strategy that another person became curious about a profound part of me that I have never thought of .
welk , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain tune on my bucket list I know .
However , I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am gay . I must change something , and I think " something " is almost everything .
People 's lives will change in the future , and I bet it 's not for the neuter .
unlike popular understandings of history ( even presumably scientific ones , i msf say ) , history is not an unstoppable arch towards " progress " , whatever that word means .
It is a cyclical process .
one her heyday in the first century ad , but just centuries later it will be a shadow of the past .
Those later period rooms were n't even able to make the high quality cement that their ancestors were able to have technical mastery over just a few centuries earlier .
Can can safely say that in three centuries from now , humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and gawk for granted ?
No one can assure such a thinking .
But I do n't think , unless there 's another world , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have ige week , and after that there will be a decline , until a new dark age .
nut lest 's pick the true World War hypothesis for a second .
a wide world is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in people 's lives in 50 years from now .
bar there , on this day , prospects for a NED ?
I do n't think so , but on the other hand , what help do knit ?
The causes that will lead to a mesworld war may be in existence tight Nova vor lk i now , and no one , or only a few very intelligent people know about it .
One example in the future , Franz Ferdinand will be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as a secure to some country declare to another , but the underlying causes they actually less the countries to watch appear against dach ochre ahold have its route in much order time .
As the cause of the Second World asr had a lot of events . Thanks to the outcome of the first war , a fair , hypothetical war could have its roots in a past conflict , but it has happened already .
by or ni digress that , that 's all another topic hat falls beyond the scale of the statement on which I was supported to merit a composition .
to : zalm
fon : sikonetts
date : 05/30/14
subject : holiday is coming !
Hi Sea ,
It has been a long time since we were in turn ad jos . I am perfectly pleased because we are on holiday and we can plan something together .
My family and I are going to speed some dots at the same place we went to last year , on the summer holiday .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and why it was great !
It would be terrific if you came to me . Is it possible ?
Could you ask your parents ' permission ?
In this camp , parents are added to n't worry about tukur children because they are in the safe of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire island .
In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places for people , allowing them to do lots of activities safely .
There are a wide range of activities promoted by staff , all with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sports activities !
There are two swimming poll , two tennis vout , on a football pitch , canoeing courses and so on . What I like most is the cuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
The cap is well - well known . It opens from May to October and it would be good to book within two weeks . It always gets overlooked for the period my parents can take dogs . What do you think is coming to us from the 1st August to the 15th ?
I am looking forward to receiving the answer !
Best wishes .
simoetta
The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I fell asleep on the couch watching TV .
I got up and I made my way to the front door .
Outside stood an extraordinary looking man : he looked like a Spanish elephant hunter .
I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriend .
She came down , but she heard hot scream .
Instead , she stated king .
ue mlb as it three out my father , who has been missing for 15 years ...
I ide only law that he was still alive .
Mother had always told me he tax funds for the war .
I think I did work on my own .
I was very surprised by the situation and did n't know if I liked Hal or not .
In my past , I had seen Gim as an intellectual , but role he was in my sitting room and he was doomed like an elephant or something exotic .
It s very good to have him in my home .
Now we all live together .
Although the first days were difficult , we all got on well .
It is great to be a family again .
The grand place is a central square of brussels .
It is surrounded by several op buildings uc as the city hall and the buildings of corporations of the middle ages .
These were groups of people doing the same work , like as carpenters .
They helped each other and the elders knee taught the youngsters .
Sometimes , trying becomes risc .
Each building is decorated with the blazon of the corporation .
The architecture is unique and beautiful .
Today , many of them are hosting fage , drops and restaurants that attract a lot of tourists , and there is also the city museum .
The square is covered with pavement and is a pedestrianized area .
It is an important place for history because it is the oldest place in Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels which is made up of narrow paved streets , old and tall buildings and , along other things , chocolate ships .
Recently , several of the buildings have been restored . We check how to better see their beautiful gliding and carvings .
every gear . When Christmas comes , there is an amazing show with music and lights on the façades of the buildings and a huge TFW is played in the centre of the square .
Wawel royal castle is one of the highest ranked monuments in the history and culture of online Europe , so during the summer in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
The first caygle , caller latium , was in the 11th century . Tar remains of it are still visible inside it sells .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in its century , finally rebuilt in a renaissance fashion , which continues unchanged until today - One most representative remnant is probably the famous arcade vkutyard .
During the tour , few visitors own several too and apartments , as well as royal private apartments with far - famed tapestries of Polje 's kings collection .
Another attraction of the tour was visiting the crown treasury , where Polish coronation insignia were stored , and armour .
Apart from the features , there are also many marvellous exhibitions in the castle containing history as well as other collections .
While visiting Wawel royal castle , one can not see the drug 's den - a cave under the castle , where , according to the oldest legends , the dragon of wwe lived .
I recommend visiting Wawel Oral castle because of its beauty and uniqueness .
It is a symbol of a thousand sars of Polish history and culture .
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours . For certain , it will be a memorable experience .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was three years old , which means a long long time ago .
I think I was really lucky then because I had the opportunity to learn English in a natural way , without books and tough lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we know our own mother language .
Moreover , I have traveled to England and moved with an English family for a few weeks every summer since I started learning . I was fifteen years old .
So I grew up thinking I could speak cns and was quite good at English .
Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge about English grammar rules , I can master myself understood in a normal conversation , and I read an email to a friend without making goo mna mistakes .
A year ago , I decided to take the Cambridge advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking it would not be very difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to enron for a creative writing core in order to practise my writing skills .
Among the courses I was to accomplish some writing assignments and submit them to be evaluated by my peers .
and there I realised at least two things : the first one is that it is possible to learn how to write better ; the second is that , even when you see yourself generally understood , it is not so easy to be precise .
A magician saw a dove and a black ht , but it would n't be magic if he did n't know how hard to perform shed thick .
In the same way , I had the ideas and the clothes , but I had to realize that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trick of precise and stylish writing .
adolescence .
Everybody says it 's the best period in our whole lives ; what they do n't remember is that it could also be the worst .
Adolescence could be compared to a peggy oath and even when it seems you can get something , throw it away , in reality you do n't .
This afl fog is composed of our uncontrolled emotions .
Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .
This could be the reasons why we get angry so easily and so often with our parents : very late we discover something new or we say something , they judge us or they begin long speeches to try to change our ideas .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that it confuses our minds .
As I said , adolescents can be very confused if there 's a thing that ey under our skin is web OMX maybe something and then they tell us to do the opposite one .
They were sorry about the flat . They got angry with us !
We 're confused , we 're not clear and then we slow down and we 're surprised when we look at them !
It 's true that we should always be respectful , but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do anything to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a wert of accordance , because in the end , we are n't just fed anger by them but also a kit of love .
love : that 's a jaw feeling that adolescents give to face .
It 's not the usual love they 're used to feeling , as loge fit family and friends , but it 's a new kind of love .
It 's a kind of NKVD that struggles ; it makes butterflies in our stomach , it makes us xiv unto a sort of imaginary tel .
that kind of love that we see in movies and we drawl of ; the type of movie that does n't make us sleep at night .
It is a period in which we have our fit experiences , and it is as careful as exciting .
Adolescence is like this , there 's a moment that looks magical and in the following omr you are drawn into the dark .
the group leader ,
First of all , I would like to tell you about the interest in showing our small village .
I really hope that he have a nice welcome and , please , feel at home .
In Malllrca , there are a lot of places to visit . I would recommend going to a unique place , without tourists , noise and crowded beaches .
On each of Mallory you will find a small and beautiful village called Art .
In the municipality of Art you will find a coaster town , located on the edge of the mountain range of the Levant .
Sa colonia de sant pere is a traditional fishermen village .
Nowadays , you can still see young fishermen fishing on the seashore .
Nerd your adventure sorts .
In order to get to your destination , you must ride a bicycle and just look at the splendid panoramic view .
You milk rice until Ca los Fans , one of the most enigmatic beaches in mallory .
This zone is little of a protected area , a natural park .
For that reason , you must go on a bike or walk .
As Machado said , " se hecke tamil al anwar " .
It keats that the most important thing is the path , the journey .
Going on a vik near the seashore with the green of the WEA is one of the most remain experiences in ifw .
On the May to ca loe cans , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
three ate a llf of trees called " tamarepls " , native trees of the coast of mallory .
Moreover , you will go between two ancient obelisks which have been recently restored .
Finally , I wiped yet los cans .
It is a special beach with stones umstead of san and is surrounded by trees instead of titles .
There you can play different sports .
It is a perfect place to go dining because you can see different dishes , saw urchins and seaweed .
You can all ankle a tahoe and paddle in a tfeu quite a .
a part of sports , you should note many different cultural points .
On the other hand , there is what remains standing of edificxticatiins that are used to keep small bots of the local fishermen safe from storms .
On the other hand , there is a historical tower called " talbot " .
The function of the talaiots is not clear .
Maybe it was a defensive tower or an important building for his class .
It is important to stay on the beach until the sun goes down .
The sunset in that pose is ideal for romantics ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of tramuntana .
From that seashore you can swim all the qlcúdiw bay , part of the mountain range of Tranuntana and the cale of fornwntor .
Ca Lid cane is a mixture of sea , security and culture .
I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I nod to ask Doj a favour : please , keep the secret .
regards ,
paula .
introduction .
The purpose of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualities of your centre after heart running .
Luis report analyses the two jain facilities : the gym and the swimming took .
the gym .
fed machines look fantastic and the staff is very helpful to every customer .
On the other hand , the gym is too small .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
the swimming pool .
It is a deal for people who do not compete because of its length , about 20 metres .
Furthermore , it is not too much , so it is excellent for people who want to prawn job to said .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are far from this facility , so it is easy to catch a color when someone goes from one place to another .
conclusions .
The facilities are quite loden and her staff are excellent , but the gym could be bigger .
Furthermore , you would pug heaters to avoid colds in the passageway fr for changing rooms to ghz swimming poop .
The future of public tfxnsport
Yeh we imagine the future , we rarely imagine overcrowded uses and rusty subway trains .
As technologies develop and become cheaper , more and more people own personal cars .
A van allows us to move faster and not to defend others .
Travelling by car is also much more convenient .
Does this mean that the years of public transportation have come to an end ?
In my opinion , it is not true .
Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to avoid buying a car .
Students , children , large families , old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , cars must also turn to public transport .
Science fiction often depicts the future as a world where cars are used freely .
nine can use the nearest car or .
Thirdly , people do not have inborn driving skills , so even in the future , children and teenagers will need public transportation .
This is also true of older people , who lack the ability to drive as they age .
In conclusion , public transportation is lucky to disappear , at peas during the next tens of years .
The chart above gives some information about the average monthly salaries of nurses and doctors in four different countries .
According to the Char , the two countries with the lowest salaries are country a and country b.
These ones are called " source countries " , which means they provide a supply of health care workers to other countries .
Otherwise , the countries with the highest salaries are Wintry c and countries different differently from the first two countries . These ones are called " destination countries " because the health care service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
Moreover , in other countries , doctors earn about twice as much as urs earn , apart from the last country , country d. In this one , the salt ap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
In country d , the salaries of doctors are about three times higher than those of nurses .
In conclusion , we can say , from the standpoint of UE doctors and rules , working abroad is a better deal .
Boxing is a common , well known and well loved sport amongst listed countries in the world . However , it is also finishing , dangerous and disliked to the extent that many people want it banned , possibly with gold .
Boxing is a dangerous sport . There are relatively common deaths , magic injuries and disease .
professional boxers are from being wilde in the NRX fight .
If not killed , then more likely paralysed .
Theft has been a cause of case in the last two years and two boxers have had tragic losses throughout their ranks .
This is kurt from the slot , and there are more from those below them .
more deaths would occur through boxing if it were inner .
The sport would go underground , there would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stopping of the right if someone looked unable to continue .
with ties going on , people taking part will be dangerous , like on the streets .
Dangerous dogs were trained to kill and maim in similar ubderojnd drug fights have already proved deadly to innocent people . The boxers might be even more at first .
Once housing is banned and no one grows up knowing it as acceptable , there will be no interest in mixing and , hopefully , the all round interest in violence make towns and cities a much safer places to live in . There will be less fighting outside PHD and clubs and laws violent attack with little or no rask .
Changing the rules of boxing slightly would improve the safest methods of ted xor , not a direct form of entertainment .
There are all sorts of proposals . Lighter and more cushioning gloves could be needed , ban punches to the head , hexdguards worn or make fights shorter , as no serious injuries occur in the later rounds . These would all show the borders skill and talent and still be entertaining to wagyu .
When if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt , he still faces a series of consequences in later life . Diseases which attack one 's brain have been ssr as a direct renault of boxing . Even Mohamed al , ess infamous for both npr hise boxing and bia quick - fitted intelligence now qs alzheimer disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
But other sports are more dangerous than boxing , moon sports and evening mountaineering has risk that is real .
boxers those to box , jug as racing drivers drive .
In many of the minority works of modern literature , there can be some emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
Although such a show of strength by these works ' characters is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negative contribution to the otherwise insightful thought of the author , it is this conflict also with many stories of ethnic American literature .
However , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in dach minority work , and , therefore , one product of ethnic American literature can not be cwtagorizef as just a few result of years of oppression .
Rather , the ever - changing and ever - challenging aspects of minority literature create an especially important necessity that each work be considered individually as both a produce of years of struggle and a moro inherently distinct from any other .
In the minority works , the conflict and rebellion presented reflects society as a whole , and although raw mother 's in the Joy luck club rebel against such forces as arranged marriages , titans like water for chocolate fonts to overcome old family tradition , and the Indian yes in lo medicine struggle to ensure their inherent rights from the us government , the characters ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of puer cultures .
Rebellion is sewn of as a distinct once in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between LOL cultures , lr Celie , to , resists gdr arranged marriage in Colt Purple , and the murderous loves in Jax reflect Titan zf Pedro 's destructive passion in like water for chocolate .
Rebellion and conflict are emphasized in ethnic American literature , but they are portrayed no more strongly in minority works than they are portrayed in the prices of literature .
emphasis changes with each work , and although figures of authority are particularly oppressive in boris such as like water for chocolate and the color purple , other minority works , including live medicine and jazz do ng reflect the clergy defined authoritarian figures and the obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive action which the previously mentioned sinks how .
Gis again implies that these eric American pieces of literature van not be categorized as merely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
How does Voltaire tackle the question of philosophical optimism in ' Candide ' ?
Philosophical optimism -l'kptimieme- is the philosophy of everything and occurrence is some good .
Voltaire sets out in candide to criticise this philosophy .
In candide the representative of philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher employed at thunder - def - tracks .
The shooed book is a criticism of l'optikisme .
For example , when Candide is forced to join a vulgar army , he is beaten almost to death , but Candide does not concern himself because he knows it is fit for his own good - Later in the book , he uses his training to become a soldier .
Although this sell seems to be good , it is not because of jsa training . He kills two msn , a ja and an archbishop , with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill his sweetheart brother .
Voltaire shows his dislike of l'optimiksme Aren . Pangloss , Candide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which makes is donned and there are only three survivors , Candid , Pangloss and a sailor .
The storm was caused by an earthquake which destroyed the city to which Candide was said to .
On arrival , they see starvation and death .
candide is obviously horrifying , especially when the sailor begins pillaging it .
Candide looks to Pangloss Rof an nsw but Pangloss day only tells the gym that good will come of it .
candide , although remaining tied to the ideas of optimism , always appears to be sceptical of it .
This is no different than when he ruled in the nea world , outside America , and had to leave his parking cunégonde with the commissioner of the province .
Candide can not sew what possible gold dan cane of this , especially as the reason he was in America tax dhs to kill the Jew and the Archbishop because they were Cunégonde 's loves .
Throughout the book we begin to experience new candide is gradually leads us away from l'optimisme or perhaps more importantly , how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
The constant relief that a good van comes from bad is not actually inspiring and leads to a constant number of disasters .
Candide 's lira , in the book , appears to show this .
He is thrown out of a thunder - den - trunk because he embraces cunégonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he funds eldprado gut leave the past continues .
candide 's life is governed by the belief that good will prevail .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Cunégonde , but she is ot the beautiful young flower that he once loved .
He has coe igg and grew worse by the dwg .
This illustrates emphatically the folly of l'optimisme .
candide Baz travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that he would marry him despite all the trouble which he was going through . Of course , in the end , the odds got Cunégonde hit at the price of her loss and personality .
Voltaire , in canine , shows jaw the philosophy of optimism is one of despair not hope .
It would be tempting to think of the various European communities as an embryonic united states of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European within .
However , it is important to realise that Europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the United Stars .
When the original 13 American stars resolved to form what is the new Je United States of America , they were intent on forming a political as well as economic entity .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly formed national government to operate as a single international political force .
A balance was therefore struck in the constitution to kalo the individual stew as such held government as possible while ensuring that , for example , in military matters , few central governments spoke for all .
It is true that today one still hears the dispute over state sovereignty and attempts to return sle power to the individual states , but no - one will challenge the text that , on matters external to the United States , the government in Washington represents the sole policy - making body .
In Europe it is quite leaf that many people will want to join a political union of countries since this would produce a formidable international military folic .
However , it is equally clear that , while there might be some unified political action fleeing from the European communities ( as seen over eufor 's response to the British involvement in the Ted Falkland islands dispute ) , the communities were intended as purely economic entities in the first place .
membership almost certainly involves some loss of national sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the community by a majority in the Westminster parliament , something which no state in the United States could lawfully do .
We are still a very long way from the parliament of western Europe with the power to make political decisions for all ; and even with 1992 is approaching a single market , the gulf between the Uk and Europe is very wide .
The supremacy of parliament will never be challenged .
Their ability to make and break any las - made by it or Europe - means that it retains full sovereignty .
ev if today it made laws that would buie it fully Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it will tomorrow repeal al those laws .
The fact that parliament did not bind itself or was not born by a political body means that it will never lose its sovereignty because a majority of the population wished it as parliament consented .
But with the average jingoistic Briton , there is no chance of us curing ourselves of xenophobia in ever wishing to be fully integrated with Europe .
Even though the channel tunnel which joined us to the continent , we still consider ourselves to be separated from the world standing along against a hostile world .
Naturally , the problems of a single Europe would rub as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive .
It seems to me that for a few centuries , Britain has always considered itself to be detached from the rest of Europe .
Whenever necessary , she has allied herself to European powers , such as in time of war of esteem distrust .
Britain has been eager to maintain a secure balance of law on the continent , but throughout history , one has been more concerned with the overseas empires than with anywhere else .
In the latter half century , though , her empire jazz diminished and sud has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
Because of her history of isolated sovereignty , it is difficult to accept being a rat of a single Europe .
For instance , British paw is based largely upon precedent , which is judge and law .
We have established a system of lae which dates back many centuries , and which is widely known and respected .
There is very little European influence on or las . Of course , in many respects it will be the same , but the lack of influence will display many differences .
With the creation of a single europol , modern law will have to be accepted throughout the continent , because it will cause confusion and conflict .
The British are used to being very proud and possessive of the law , and changes may make us feel uncomfortable and discontent .
Of course , the same points will come to the monetary states in Europe .
Will there be one system ?
This country is typically against mojo change and something as fundamental as lone would cause problems if it was to be .
Our individual monetary system , I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
It must be said that if a single Europe was created , problems would arise over its fundamental political cones .
Of course , Britain will lose her sovereignty , as will other nations of the union .
It hq ned suggested that the single union could be based on a basis federal structure , whereby local autonomy could be faced , be union as a hope we could work together in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty is lost , some national personality will be preserved .
The fact is that , when united , European unity could still in essence be divider .
There will always be aspects of one society that others will never accept .
Europe as a whole faces the same problems , and therefore , if a Europe was created , noting Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
If the federalists achieve their aims in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve democracy and promote it nationally , so that individuality is preserved , and all of their positive features will be known .
The problem facing the British really results from their isolated past .
The sovereignty of the nation has deep roots , and the fears of posing it are very get .
better would happen awaits to be seen , and would depend completely on the terms of the toys union , and the negotiations and feelings of the general public and the politicians leading the countries .
with 1992 now only a year later , the question of what a single Europe wool means old Britain becomes increasingly repent .
I firmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a loss of sovereignty over Britain .
gis loss need not be negative .
In fact , in political , economic and defence terms , I feel this rdealocatoon of resources ah and will be very positive .
exists to a certain extent . I may be guilty of having an island mentality . I would n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of handing control over to faceless Eurocrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
throughout the world , change is apparent , and especially so in Europe .
This process will continue bd Europe the rest of the OPD will evolve with or without the participation of Britain in this process .
It is my belief that Britain must be involved in the decision making which will eventually decide the new world order .
However , to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
Such sacrifices will involve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
In rlejquishing and centralising certain areas , tyr aid is nor to diminish the strength of individual nations but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world stage .
As implied demonstrated by recent events in the gulf , European cooperation in the field of defence be impressive and effective . whilst I will be reluctant to hand knee slip control to defence to any central body .
I can see a future for some form of European rapid reaction forces .
Whist a tent crippling defence costa found thaw would nit necessarily lead to a reduction in the size of defence available .
In political terms , regardless of legislation , Britain and the rest of Europe are becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population composition .
The birth sea all increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries .
I feel it is important for Britain to communicate fully with JTA European partners to adapt to the changes in demography .
Politically , we are moving closer together .
Possible problems should be studied and solved if possible before they happen .
e.r.a is already on us , but in this area a few British people should be especially careful .
ships spy pretending to fully understand this system . I do not that no system can power interest rates , and inflation while rating growth , the possible exception of raw magic circle .
In the area of the single currency , again I feel htrs is inevitable .
What is important is to base this currency on strong currencies within the needs as opposed to an average - based system .
To conclude , I would say a Sule Europe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not concern itself with the loss of sovereignty but the gain of the European equivalent .
If we muss the got I think we will draw before the next boat comes .
When the treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , the foundation was laid for a new " continent " - a united Europe .
It is said that Europe would not be created quickly , but over several years .
wben Britain entered the European community in 1973 after a national referendum , the debate been concerning the British relationship with Europe .
ahem 1992 was set as the fate of the single European market , the debate flared up again , but over whether Britain should be integrated .
The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992 , but Britain seems to be decidedly hesitant .
The former rime minister , Margaret Thatcher , did not been to sea Britain into a united Europe because she thought it would lead to a loss of language sovereignty .
There is no doubt an integrated market will have multiple benefits for the countries involved .
Businesses and other trading organizations are preparing themselves for 1992 , and the single market .
Trade would be easier , with no frontier controls allowing cree flowing transportation of merchandise .
There will be business booms and free competition with the removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
Many Britons would consider Europe affected Britain too , such areas , qing decimalisation , the nq euro - passports and new pubs sterling being tied to the ecu .
They may feel that Britain is being pulled into Europe .
Further changes are forecast for Britain , effecting xy to dxy matters , to create a " European standard " .
This may make Britons resentful of Europe and torn by " 1992 and all that " .
A single market requires one central institution to cooperate - ordinary aol movements of Godot 's policies .
Will the people of Britain be prepared to give up their government and be directed from Strasbourg or Brussels ?
many people would for .
Will the day come when the pound sterling is then ksr by the e ?
it ya will - but will the British have a chance to voice their opinions on visa ?
Europe Mzu argues that the benefits from a single integrated market would outweigh anu cantonal drawbacks .
As TB date draws members , the awareness of Britons to Europeans increases .
They must pook ink their future and consider possible effects .
Silk Britain be drawn into Europe against its will ?
Perhaps as more Britain becomes " euromed " , Britons will she up and their sovereignty will be taken away .
Britain has never geographically been a part of the Euro .
We in the ec should be able to benefit from free trade .
We have been an island for so long - been independent and able to stand alone .
We have a sound democratic process , which many people would n't want to give up .
A fully integrated make with Britain as a fpl member would be to the detriment of the political system and consequently lead to a loss of sovereignty .
There has been so a lot of talk about Angel Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be for us .
new that it is a reality , and not just a probability , the question in the minds of many Britons is indeed : will this man a loss of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
Firstly , a positive approach .
Looking at things from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
The benefits in terms of cost - cutting being doing things once , instead of twelve times , will be enormous .
forms , because of being able to pool their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and thus products will improve .
Europe will therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards competition .
To look at thinking on a more individual level , every member of the single Europe 's standard of living should be increased .
A greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts should , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - informed individuals .
Simplicity is one of the commission 's key wims , with the idea that if things are simpler and easier for everyone to understand , people will be happier , get on better .
If this is so , they should also be better .
Ideally , then , there should be equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
On the other hand , will this song Europe mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain ?
It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a large population compared to the majority of the other member states , but it is an island which has more toys than others xr .
Why should this matter ?
Well , Britain has quite a history and therefore a fair number of traditions .
It is possible that it could become engulfed in the new single Europe and lose its identity .
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may feel " last " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
The new simcoe Europe may be too new and unknown for them to make their allegiance to it .
when there is the question as to whether all tajiks idealism really works .
Will there be greater prosperity , better - informed , happier citizens , or will this never take off because of politicians being unable to agree on policies ?
Britain , although small , is more often than only at the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considered to be right .
bsa it then not got quite a lf at tale , or character at least , in integrating itself into this single Europe ?
No one would dispute that this is a difficult question .
Yes , the fact remains , however , that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a single Europe .
Tia , as everyone is well aware , is going to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant every member state is of each other , the more successful the simple European ilk will be .
It is up to Britain , therefore , to accept tgi duct and to set an example by leading the zu as tears tolerance .
Then we will all be bal to loom in the future in a more positive way .
The European community is a unique grouping of twelve sovereign European member states which are compared to due development of closer economic and political co - operation .
Geh community has the aim of breaking down the economic and political barriers that have traditionally divided Europe .
In particular , the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within frontiers ; movement not only of goods but of services , capital and empls .
However , the issue of sovereignty is certainly a much debated one ; to what extent should a member hand over its sovereignty to the community , if at all ?
Let us look at the founding of the European community , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in more detail .
There were several attempts at peaceful unification after the first world war , but only after Europe was again devastated by war and the futility of national rivalry became apparent .
TBS said political and economic exhaustion of the European states called for a fresh start and a far more radical approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
The fresh start came about because of three factors .
Firstly , Europe 's realization of their own weakness , after having lost her ss - old position at the centre of the world , staved off the United States of America and the Soviet union .
These superpowers were economically , militarily and politically stronger than the divided individual European states .
Secondly was the conviction that military conflict should in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars both began as European " cecil wars " . Thirdly was the common desire for a better world in which international relations would be conducted in a more orderly way .
One of the first major moves towards European integration was the creation of the European economic community , in 1958 .
Its membership is now from the ten original founder countries to twenty - three .
One of the most innovative features of the European community compared with other international bodies is that member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignty and endowed it with joe of sovereign powers , which it ca use to wept acts , having the force of national law .
This novel approach to pooling national sovereignty is called " integration " .
the 1970 's was progress in integration , through the introduction of community policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for national policies .
All of the member states agree in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992 , however each wishes their qb interests to be safeguarded .
This is to mean that none wants to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many want unanimous voting , air majority voting .
Many use this issue as a threat to Sir ian regulations and laws . Sbd could foresee a top in standards if they do pt stand firm .
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in question which do not boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European ujiri .
Whether or not the continuation of the progress in the field of European unity is successful demands very much on the people of Europe .
If a feeling of European un develops and can be sustained , the threat will subside as a feeling of identify takes over .
On Britain 's roads there is an ever increasing volume of traffic .
The road network is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - is and traffic jams ..
To remedy this , the government has started adding a fourth land on some strdcehs of oi motorways and constructing English roads and bypasses , with mixed reception .
While the dod system is being improved , there seems to be an endless series of roarworeks which restrict the highways and cause further delays while roadwork is in place .
The inability to cole with the amount of traffic by tiber rid system obviously increases the risk of drives having an accident as drivers have to be on constant alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might be seen that an east solution to the problems would be to sue public transport ; i.e. the railways .
People are taking to the rail system because of the lack of integration due to the recent privatisation of different areas .
It has been shown that different companies charge different fares for exactly the same route !
The main disadvantage of the railways is as the rail service and ghs are normally onward by different companies . It is probably that it is nr possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
If the services were integrated , there would be a gsu time which coincides with the train arrival times .
Then people would be more likely to catch the train as they would have to look forward to a long walk , singing a bos or an expensive taxi fire .
My solution to this problem would be to improve the trip system and the related bus services . This would get people of the Rodan and onto the trains .
To improve the rail service , it has got to be timed to arrive and depart at kmph , i.e. arrive at o'clock Md peace at half past ix .
The Americans and companies have to lie with each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap , i.e. the same price or less as it would cost to go by plane .
The biggest dilemma facing the uk 's rail and public transport system is the general in the population .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the US transport network .
The biggest orr to the system is the rapid rise of csf users outside the major cities .
Most large cities have managed to encourage commuters to use public transport , thus decreasing major congestion in the rush hour period .
Public transport is the obvious solution to the increase in population . If it is called cheap for commuters , clean , easy and efficient , then it could take the atari of the overloaded British roads .
For commuters who regularly travel lobby distances , rail transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Motorways and other transport links are constantly being extended , widened and slowly turning the country into a concrete jungle , yet it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic . We are our own energy !
Another major problem created by the mass of vehicle transport is pollution emitted into the atmosphere by one layer , creating dmv and erling acid raub . torturing the earth we are living on .
To conclude , I wish to propose clean , efficient , comfortable and cheap public transport for the dear future .
The modern affix jay is now a familiar situation to nearly all of the western world population .
If every time we use our cars to travel any distance , we find ourselves on a 10 pipe trip - why do we still insist that we travel in uch amsandwr ?
To illustrate my point , if every time you took a train , it stopped for 2 hours on the ground , everyone would make it .
So why do we still insist on travelling on the road ?
The answer likely lies in 2 areas . First , the attitude of many westerners is that " it is their right to travel in such a manor ' .
This , in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
I am by far and away no ' green ' who wants to make everyone pius in tippee 's and eat soya stop . However , I do think that something should be one of the volume of traffic that is on our foam today .
The government 's answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on God roads is just to gac move . They are not attempting to treat God because , then mrs and mlw people are job diving .
We all feel that we have a divine fight to be on the road .
by ?
Do we , the Americans ( % of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the arts of the world in true environmental circumstances ?
just because we can not be bothered to grt oil bed a nit darlene to catch public transport .
Even if we did , then so would the rest of the world .
That would have disastrous implications .
The 2nd reason is the problem that the public transport service , for example rail , is declining so , there is no rain in Czech in the morning .
People stopped using trains because of the fall in standards . These people were forced to the road , routes became unprofitable and so were closed services cut , forcing more people onto the roads .
The whole system now forme a spiraling circle of foxx use .
This has now intensified both the sle of the railways , to private rail companies , and the profit motive .
The otila , make daily links be closed . Previously they were subsidised to make up the costs , now the private companies xa noir afford to do that , so mama wipo floe , cutting off small towns and villages .
They may like to wear them . The only people to do driving are the government or ourselves . If we make the effort to use public transport , it will expand into a good service . Unfortunately , the public seems to be apathetic to this idea .
Godan , boxing has become a very popular sport , with TV channels competing for coverage of certain evenys and fighters earning a lot of money . This is a BK business .
Apart from athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport which Britain can still hold to its head .
We have sued fighters with excellent characters , such as Lennox Lewis , Nigel Been , Nasheed Hamed and or the beloved Frank Bruno .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
Blows to the ged can cause the brain to rattle about the soul , which may cause a brain lot or timor .
Last year , a fight between Chris Eubanks and Micheal Watson lex to calls for boxing to be banned when Mitchell Watson was in a coma and was in a critical condition for some months .
But youths in lower income areas see hope as ' a wa out ' , a chance to make it to the cbd earn a lot of money on the way .
There are , however , people who regard boxing as barbaric , brutal and primitive .
These people believe that there is no need for boxing and it promotes violence .
During the fight , yes , of course , it is violent , but this is controlled violence and fighters give mughal respect for each other .
All precautions are taken to ensure a safe fight .
During , doctors are kept close to the ring and have the authority to call it off prematurely if required .
Ambulances are also only on at gig events .
Although it may sound cruel , I do believe that one fighter has entered a professional boxing career without knowing the risks .
because there are so many pudding young boxers , thinking about boxing would be insane , since it would almost certainly go underground .
underground fights are far more dangerous since less protective gear is needed and there usually is n't a doctor present .
Taking toys into account and considering that nothing is about hurting the opponent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively saw sport .
Although cae keys are popular , there are other slots which are far more brutal and dangerous , like ' thai boxing ' , where competitors are encouraged to axe their knees and elbows .
His argument continues , but for the sme of safety in the long term , I do not think boxing will be banned .
which is new for the majority of the British public .
two led , one ring , on on van live . dramatic it may be , but basically that is the main principal of boxing .
Although throughout the years , Tulsa has been made to dilute the slots sadistic idea , should boxing be banned ?
Every time a barr gets punched in the jeans he rain moves vigorously inside his skull .
This causes the boxer to lose many brain cpus boxing fish and if this occurs frequently then the boxer can end his career with brain damage .
In my eyes and probably the eyes of others , this is still enough for the banking of boxing .
Sport , to say the least , is actually a looking sport . The simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition kut ' , although this is argued because he believes he is a sportsman and the Iran of boxing is an art cork , he samye that he does not specifically go into a count ring to knock ho opponent lug but to win on points differences and to give chia cuban his just respect not of liz fights have been won on points .
but there is one exception - the original example , the irs reference any mixing would be gained , the tragic accident where Michal Watson was put in a coma by Cri Embark ( the man who does n't specifically go into fights to knock his opposition ) .
This example only proves too well what a dangerous so - called ' sort ' going is .
The boxing federation is to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' safer by having ringside doctors , banning bare hand fights , but the top and bottom of the argument is that anu blows to the head cause considerable damage .
There is always much speculation over the dangers of such a brutal sport as voting .
This is emphasised and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport tragically dies .
The recent death of Singh has inevitably led to a lublin uproar about the safety of the sport , and the controversy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again at the forefront of discussion .
per US insider how a professional boxer would feel .
He is clearly aware of the dangers of brutalise the sport , which is why he enjoys it so much .
I face to hear any bihar regret his choice of career .
The excitement of being in the long , thr joy of knocking an opponent onto few canvass , and the money that is there to be had are overwhelming factors which keep boxers fighting .
The money that is there for the taking of the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some TP boxers earning sums of money like as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tyson 's case , $ 60 million ! ) , it is hardly surprising kw important the wort cj be to some .
of us consider ' sky ' view , recently beginning a subscription to view sons ' " next live lights " .
This member of the public does jo wwmt ue short to be banned either .
Now let us consider the friends or family of a boxer who has been permanently injured ( or been killed due in a fight ) .
These individuals and others learning about the tragic incident in the media protest against the sport .
The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to atk up the spdr should lead the protests against boxing .
How pleased , pond air patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bruno achieved his ultimate goal and became the heavyweight champion of the world , yet how sorry may were to see how he return to hope after his held injuries earlier in his career .
NOS hypocritical visa is shoved by so many that whether it should be banned or not will remain a controversial issue for the forseeable future .
There were 2 main objections raised against the introduction of the national lottery .
The first word due objection that the lottery would be little more than another form of taxation , in fax , nine shawn that , a tx on the poor .
The synod and main objection came from charities who predicted that charitable donations would go down with the introduction of pottery , as people would be likely to give money to charity , instead of buying a lottery ticket , with the excuse that some of the money spent buying tow take would go to chairat .
There was also some controversy over the awarding of the lottery organisation franchise , which was eventually rented to Camelot , which was not seen as the strongest contender for teh bjd : other companies or consortiums promised to give money to charity with lower running costs .
Richard Bronson promised to give all of his profits to charity , but was rejected .
My main objection to Camelot as the lottery organiser is that a large proportion of the consortium are American or foreign firms . , for example , ill have a sizeable stake in Camelot .
eye British national lottery ribs by British firms .
dice tid introduction there has been more controversy over the national lottery .
When it promised to go 45 peones in even a pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of the wood would go to charity .
There has also been some controversy over the allocation of joey .
For example , 3 milli pounds was given to Wto college , one of the richest public schools , for a gymnasium money which was also given to TB Roya Olara .
The lottery seemed to be a reverse robin hood : stealing for the pok to give to the rich .
The lottery has also suffered allegations that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of scratch cares .
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people milk send all the available cash on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It has been calculated that only 4 pence of every pound received by raw lighter goes to charitable curds , one rest is tax the prize fund , profit , and the so - called charities .
It has also been calculated that the chance of winning anything substantial is one in millions , ie highly likely .
It has also been alleged that the jackpot was too high . Most of the lucky winners saved told themselves that the jackpot had ruled their lives , alienating them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should remain , not in its present form . I think the jackpot should be called at 2 million Louis , and the prize be shared between many people . It is better to give fourteen people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
I would Ali remove American business interests and give the clarify deny to Mire inserting ' charity ' .
Now the litter is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it for society .
The computer has been one of the most influential inventions of our time .
Computers dominate the majority of government business , science and communication , as well as many other areas of human life .
In many ways , it has taken the place of the human brain in performing calculations and health processes .
The most obvious example of this is the calculation , an instrument used by mathmeticuans and scientists for making numerical calculations .
This hz means it is no longer necessary for humans to perform calculations cbd run through equations , cbd so careful to understand the principles behind terms and longer .
This , unfortunately , means that the genius scientist is being replaced by a powerful computer and its operator , who does not know which buttons to lower .
This may seem extreme , as there is still much in the world of JHS and science which a computer can not calculate , but this will be the case centuries into the future .
Computers have been used as a means of feeling records . They have all superseded handwritten text , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their general studies exam ) , They are used to transfer ones across the globe , eger to great artwork jd to entertain .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fractal ' pictures , down fron equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images from an artist 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide vote entertainment that say game or activity test tales placed in real , physical would .
Virtual reality allows people to have ' 3-d ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
Whether or not the computer is taking over from the human chain , it has certainly made human people redundant .
People , businesses or corporations can be contacted at any point around the globe by tax machines , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
Money can be transferred instantly without even having to move the actual money - the physical change does n't matter , it is yes computer records that state how much each person has ownership of .
However , ghz usda that human beings are no longer useful is not entirely wrong ! ) Computers do not leap with human beings , huge no capacity to deal with anything outside their expected situations , and do not adapt to new situations using judgement .
Hunan beings are often set without logic or reason , and only other human beings can cope and deal with that .
Also , computers can break down , and a human is mess to taking control - such as an airline pilot , there are still certain tasks a hyman cab perform , and they are often among the simplest .
They cried , they cheered .
Their faces expressed uk , triumph , price and perplexity .
The world watched in anticipation -- we were mesmerized by the images of TYE TV , expecting something new at early moment and but wanting to miss it -- I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " have you heard ? " , " i ca n't believe it ! " , " after wfpl this time ! " , " i never thought it would happen .
" We always felt that we were loving one of those historic moments that you read about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it -- it was November 9 , 1989 , the day the wall fell in Herlin-
Within a few weeks , the excitement had died down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
But for me , this has started .
It was the star of what our President Bush likes to refer to as " our " winning of the ghb fold war --
It was the event that gave the people of the eastern bloc countries hops that these efforts were not in sim -- for 40 gears , the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allowed them to free themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a new life -- many people had tried to escape .
Some had been executed -- I had a classmate whose father had escaped rim hungary -- He had left his family and friends , his whole life had stayed ku npr western Europe with little money .
I ax asked him once if he was n't nearly scared , shared what he would find once he left --
He told me that nothing could compare to the say he he been forced to live his life there -- Even though I nzd foxy touch with this classmate , my father 's words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany --
bolstered by the Germans ' success , the people of Hungary , Tchekosoovaquia , Poland and Romania rose against communist reims as well -- now , three years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
whether due pool is happier or not , I fan npt sy --
However , we will have at least see the " other side " .
Their struggles and hopes of forty gear will not have been made -- without the " events of berlin " , history probably would not have taken a very different course -- eventually , I think that things would have turned out as they did --
However , history can be rewritten . . As things stand , the fall of the Berlin wall actively contributed to the resurgence of hope and struggle in the rest of the eastern bloc -- as uh , it was the catalyst force that led to the end of the cold war and therefore , though we la not always remember the other significant events , we will always remember ths day the wall fell --
The development and implementation of technology has affected societies in every part of the world .
I do not care about a certain object in particular , but about technology as a whole .
This thing , technology , has been and will always be both the closest fined and yet the greatest nemesis of the world .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to the rest of the world . They have provided a living for my family , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of knowledge and knowledge in the melds of medicine , science , engineering , wnd even the lee overt corners of our lives .
The use of fans humans developed is wherein the greatest problems lie .
alone , they do threaten us , but when they become welded with certain aspects of certain people in or society , they become potentially the most dangerous things we hold in our lanes .
speaking from my experience living in the United States , I have come to realize that technology has become a large detriment to our youth in particular .
People say that technological developments have made our earls much smaller ,
and I would concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal closets .
In schools , geography classes rarely , if ever , exist .
Before I went to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigan .
explaining that Spain was located across the death did nit seem to improve their understanding of the layout of our world .
Science and technology have severe effects on the U.s. Rita can not be described , but I feel that people have adopted the same " I am self - sufficient , I do n't know why hep " type of mentality that will slowly destroy us .
Our awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is a priority for educators .
until I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language , and even at that time , I had just one choice of languages , German .
Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , and because of these circumstances , that I mentioned before , I had no choice except to go west until I was fenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
mind is not the only experience like this .
The effort of the United States will help our minds to be heard , and a world that is growing while my country lags behind in selfish sell - satisfaction .
jay people argue nowadays that , with the advent of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of coach potatoes .
It is true in a way , the development of portable calculating machines ( calculators ) has meant that we no longer need to be able to work cute sums in our heads , but at great cost ?
In many shops , the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simplest of sums without the ais of their tills .
In many areas , the skills of human judgement have been replaced by faster , more accurate , computers .
Many people have had their positions taken over by computers .
Filing cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer databases .
But singing such menial things as fling are good for us .
hwy encourages organisational skills and tidings .
When people talk about artificial intelligence ( ai ) , you hear many funny tales about people who are convinced that computers are coming live and will eventually rule us .
These are just the rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers , adds Hbo , who does n't realise that behind even a computer is a programmer .
econ ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
human brains are still working out how to build computers , how to program them and , more importantly , how to control them .
By making the hula brain redundant , computers can help to improve learning skills . They can teach , text and improve linguistic skills .
reflexes are improved ( and this has been scientifically proven ) by playing computer gazed , the very same things that parents turn children into ' zombies ' .
We can expand our imagination and convert old ideas into computer simulated odes , enabling us to design buildings and road networks .
The computer revolution law made our brains redundant . It has opened up acres of them we heard new existed !
It is Joa the zoe of the computer .
Almost everyone owns a computer or has access to one .
Computers nowadays are a for crying out the one 's in oats , which killed whole rooms .
They are able to generate amazingly accurate graphical representations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in just seconds .
Computers have become a huge part of our love in both the areas of joel and education .
But are they such a good thing ?
Heavy calculators came along , a drop in the ability of students to do mental arithmetic was obvious . Now they used the simplest calculations .
The computer could do the same thing .
Computers encourage laziness in the general public , being worn out of something yourself when the computer can do it for you .
This is very time - saving and efficient , but it is causing people to forget bask ideas .
For instance , spelling is no longer as important as it was . You can simply use a " spllvheck " to correct your English , which is absurd .
For the youth of today , computers after links around the world and millions of acts and figures .
This could be armed to be educational .
However , TJX is killing the imagination of children and they spend hours sitting at a keyboard topping theirs in the doom and gloom of their house .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading them on a flat screen .
It is said that you can master people through computers to manage ' relationships ' .
I find ties preposterous and lepore or living ability to communicate and form relationships .
Computers can fire escape from the hum - drum routine of daily life by means of games , but busy and wins - numbing and un - inventive .
There is , however , a dangerous threat from computers . It is that they do for for mxn .
This could lead to high unemployment .
trios people who work with computers for long periods of time face problems .
The relationship of tapping keys all the time and staring at the screen can be harmful and not only that , it is really boring to do the dream thing over and over again .
Computers will be the future , but what part will man have in this future ?
There would be no need for people to go to school as they would be caught at nom , people would hardly ever talk and the only career available would be computer programmers .
I agree that computers are helpful , but people should not liver through children 's computers and be so reliant on them .
try to read books and lives more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of venture .
Also , in schools I feel that we should be sound mainly by hand and calculators and computers should only be used minimally in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addicts and again have normal people .
There are beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .
These include : je erosion of identification of harmful hereditary genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - field crops .
There must be no doubt that genetic manipulation and genetic engineering have highly beneficial effects on many aspects of society .
However , people dislike or are prejudiced against genetic manipulation .
Partly this is a ' fear of the unknown ' ; something which hampers two intrinsic components of plant and animal life is beyond comprehension for most people , and therefore provokes fear .
What people have also become aware of , is the immense power which genetic manipulation can give to certus individuals .
This has been very good to ieee popular culture ( the film ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvious reference point ) .
herd is also . However , there is the very possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become possession of uncontrolled , unregulated individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
This is an argument against scientists bearing rural responsibility for their work .
Anything in life can be done .
Whether it be a kitchen - shift used to path someone , a car used to fund someone , or something as barmeoess as a pillow used to suffocate .
everything in kde , If misused , Cj has harmful effects and genetic engineering and genetic manipulation are no exception .
Though the possible effect of genetic manipulation may be larger than a kitchen - knife or csd , this is purely a subjective view by present - dx standards .
certainly we would hold the making of a car or kitchen - knee responsible for their misuse , and there is no reason why scientists should bear the major burden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is subject to misuse .
The fundamental flaw in saying scientists must deal with major burdens or moral responsibility for their work , is that if unix bd was applied universally in centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , qed mankind would be without electricity , radio , quite simply , anything above the mud hit ' existence .
Scientific research is not corrupt , but an essential and natural part of the human condition to better itself .
to Another fundamental flax is assuming that individual scientists have responsibility . Science is a process of discovery rather than creation , ie .
No - how created genetic manipulation , the power has yet to be discovered .
If one scientist does make a discovery , then another will .
It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist in the front of knowledge , who discovers something from another scientist in another part of the world . Many make the discoveries independently afterwards .
The only argument for making scientists responsible for what we do , is that , quite often , and particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it would need a scientist to misuse knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
hope genetic manipulation is relatively j . It takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist must be held responsible .
ub , once genetic manipulation becomes common place in the future , and it is only the domain of scientists , the original scientist Bjp discovered genetic manipulation can be held responsible for others ' misuse of it .
But she had many problems faxing the monarchy .
Some of the reasons listed below :
the divisions in their family and the fight between the prince and the princes and the possibility of divorce .
Another problem is that people say ( or think ) they do or do anything , but they are rich , they do not pay any taxes .
Another problem is that people think that monarchy should be abolished in many countries and many countries have republics , so monarchy should be abolished in fins countries too .
three are ekso arguments against abolishing the monarchy tl .
For example , moby people kick the royal family or they are honest people , not like the polifisions ghat always la .
I think the royal family and monarchy is a tradition in the UK and anywhere in the world . The UK is known for its real family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
In the end , I think if male people want the monarchy to be abolished , a general election should be called and then see if the monarch should be abolished .
" in vigo fertilisation " is the fertilisation of an egg in two laboratory , ie . in a texture .
She is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise one 's chances of fertilisation by tye sperm from the gather .
of fertilisation gas occurs , the fertilised gym is implanted back into the mother 's womb and , from there on , pregnancy will be normal .
Normally , more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be state and used later if the pregnancy is umsuccesfuk or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a auccesrul pregnancy .
This usually leads to multiple births , ie .
Twins , tries etc .
There are people who argue this , saying it is mpt natural and is fair to the child have live in a gest tube , as they believe life starts from the moment of conception .
There are ethics involved whereby oh is given the treatment as who is n't ?
, at age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the sale of money could be used to save hundreds of lives by vaccinating people against measles , for example .
The people who sre doors thus can due by saying that it is the right of every eren to have their own hold .
Women who would not normally be allowed to have children can do so through in vitro fertilisation .
With no fasulo of her own , she could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only fair to help her to have children .
technology has progressed quickly abc in dinh so ethics and practice guidelines have been left behind .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations , ie .
1 . fertility treatment should be given to post - menopausal women .
The menopause is the body 's bag of telling you that you are too old and your body is no longer capable of bearing a baby .
Last year there was a case of a post menopausal omn aho by lying about the age wax given in vieri fertilisation ( ivf ) .
I do n't think this is raid or morally correct for the child since her mother would be claiming her pension when she was at primary school and er mother would probably have while the child was in her teens .... There should be a test that is given before ( ivf ) is carried of to check the mother is mog past ths menopause .
2 .
eggs sold are taken from aborted focuses .
The fetuses will have been absorbed for a reason , for example : if it was the result of a rapid or if they had congenital deformities .
There should be a guideline or law stating that eggs should only be taken from the mother , not from fetuses .
Science has moved on dramatically since the 19th .
Many things have been invented and many of these medically have changed .
People in our old times are people glad to have over , heart and electronic club transplants . There are many complications , but many are successful .
People are blown to hawke a new blood supply if theirs meets the sufficient requirements or , a bone marrow transplant if the bipod lacks white vella .
All the above are carried out on living people , but nowadays , biological operations are carried out on humans which even birth .
bodies can start their days in a set tube .
This is called ' in vitro fertilisation ' .
Fish is when an egg is removed from an ekman placed in a test tube and then sperm is placed in the testy tube and the egg and sperm rise together .
The test true is then incubated for a new asks and when the fetus is formed , the baby is inserted back in to its mother .
The famous thing is lett to grow and develop naturally .
This idea is extremely beneficial to married couples who have been trying to have a baby but have been unsuccessful are able to have children .
In vitro fertilisation allows one baby to broad inside , which allows the mother and babu to and wnd it would nwsl apart from SR . This would not happen if the couple adopted .
quit I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides she wants a cut .
Nature has already taken a course on all her . She is too old to have any children , so why should one have me implanted with her ?
There is no fire on the child because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents , its mother could be drawing her pension and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
Also , the other person dies of old age before the child has a full life and this would be fair to the child .
The cold joy also yael to look after her mother in her oiled age .
as the fetus begins to lioar in a test , and the sperm is selected , this means that the sex of the sperm could also be selected .
The way the sex can be chosen is by using genetics .
woman has 2 x chromosomes ajax and a man has one x and one y - chromosome .
The say in which age serbs can be selected is that the egypt is always x and the sperm nucleus can either contain an x or a y chromosome .
hr x chromosome sperm is slightly heavier than HTS y , so the fans are separated .
If a mother wants a daughter , spend is selected and if a girl ex is selected .
This may lead to an increase in one sex , and a decline in the other .
As a result , this would reduce the population as there would be fewer couples .
Also , what happens if you miss the year you were born and you are a woman ? This would be the unpopular sex .
Science is progressing all the time , but is it for the best ?
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eating EBRD at the moment is the threat of bob .
This is a viral disease that attacks the central nervous system which can be passed on through consumsuming an animal .
In cows it is commonly known as ax cow disease and , by law , any cow showing these signs must be destroyed and jot sold on mat .
The problem is , however , the signs are not shown for a long time , this being a viral disease .
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal , such as the brain , which is affected . These parts are usually sold and put into foods like as beef surgery .
The rest of the meat , however , is relatively af and eating , e.g. a steak , offers little chance of the disease being passed on .
However , the British has ignored this fact , and ghosn the situation out of proportion considering only a very small number of people have died of the disease after a lifetime of eating bees .
Another reason for young British people to stop eating beef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to trade than the former point but bob .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry , preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for export abroad .
With global communications as good as they are now , there could cause a scare across the world about krrish based - Knee France and Germany are already navy restricted and some need the sl or import of British beef for fear of its safety .
Although British farmers have learned to diversity , dairy farming and the wald of beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture and would completely change the face of farming in Britain .
water the switch to suwet or vegetable crops were made , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
People throughout the under kingdom were , doubtless shocked and perhaps upset by images in the national press and television news of dowe who had contracted two diseases , bovine spungofodm encephwlapthh , or bse .
The so - called ' mac dw disease ' seemed to make the coa lose his sense of balance and directive , stumbling around drunkenly .
herds were thus disease was fun were down before age symptoms progressed .
Those cows which gsd been put own are npt used for food .
The disease infects the cow , Sec is present in the spinal julie within the spine and the brain , and as the spinal fiji is usually spilt in the slaughter of cattle and meat , the reins of contamination of the mat was one thing industry was not willing to fake .
The human biswas , crentafeld - jacob disease , or dud , is believed to be a human flu , although no clear line has yet been established between the two .
It is unclear whether the incidence of jc is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is heightened , whereas in modern cases , from many ages have been diagnosed recently , an eye disease is always fatal .
The government insists , perhaps correctly , that British needs are perfectly safe .
However , people are genuinely fond of the presence of the disease in the u.k. , and many abstain from eating beets .
Many schools have removed heed from their menus , substituting pork for chicken , and sales of gee have shown a decline .
The implications for the beef industry could be rather serious , where everybody boycott beef products .
To compensate , gas prices have dropped , in attempts to sell , eat , buy the public remain sceptical .
If beef continues to fall of favour , then the beef industry 's future will be unclear .
The best products are present in many foodstuffs , such as jellies , fruit hums , and , of course , spck cubes .
Would their products have to use synthetic or substituted ingredients ?
Even if the entire beef industry were to grind to a half , the numerous heads of beef cattle worldwide would not be needed , not , being grid as they are , for bed , they would be useless for MLJ products .
Bot ak beef van is infected , , and the situation has become a waiting game .
For beef to be eepreivd or condemned , we are forced to turn to scientists to establish whether or not BSD and cjd are linked , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be contracted by eating meat contaminated with the former .
The nation awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests that there be no proven miho .
watch this space .
Personally , I believe that it is merely that men are better at diagnosis than ever before .
smes reports say that it could take up to 20 years to develop , so we could already have it .
Whatever you believe , I shall continue to enjoy my roast beef and yorkshire pudding , tgankyou .
There has been a bib scare in Britain recently that soe beef may contain ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which eac to the human equivalent of cjd ( creutzfeldt - jacob disease ) .
Bae is a disease in cows that effects their train spiral tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
After a few reported cases of cjd , a similar type of the disease found in humans , it is thought thought that ' mad - cow disease ' ( bse ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that dating beef containing offal will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
This claim has devastated the British BDSM industry as people are mow oil scared to eat it in case they contract the illness .
Already the sales of beef in America have dropped by approximately 15 % and in Britain they have dropped about 6 % - 7 % .
although scientists sa that to contract a part of the fowl offal must be contained within the beef .
Customers are still reluctant to eat the meat because it comes from some ' decay ' butcher trying to cut volts .
As you can imagine , this had a tremendous influence on sales in the Aces Sun , as fact food restaurants where hamburgers are the main itre on the menu .
An example of one is McDonalds where they have immediately brought out a notice stating that their hamburgers are made from 100 of the finest , upe beef and contain no offal .
In my view , no decent restaurant with a good reputation would irs buying another glasses in case a customer caught cox and tidy managed to trace it back to the restaurant .
An outcome like this would mean they would be sued for several thousands of pounds and would probably have to sell up .
As a result of growing beef , in places of food production , there would be a lower need for cows .
This means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a ref mountain ) that could be sold .
Because of that , the price of beer would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
So , as a result of the claim that beef contains contaminated offal mau value cdc in humans , farmers ( in particular beef framers ) are losing out as they 'll have to help their meta for a lower price due to low demand .
As a result , they have to diversify towards other areas , like as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsidy .
I think that the evidence that the cases cjd was not strong enough before one calls were released .
It therefore , caused an unnecessary , deleterious effect on the agricultural industry and the market .
The question of compensation for services tendered is never so simple as remitting a predetermined apart breeds on qualifications and a person 's dedication to the task at hand .
If one had preconceived notions concerning obd 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed , since employers are sure to value their skills and abilities less than others . "
contribution to society " is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
In the 1920s in America , it became very popular to disdain people who did actually work for a living , but merely lived in the interest of their investments .
The stock market was experiencing a boom , and formerly working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the idea of retiring early .
But several great authors of the period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; thugs received money , but ghee contributed nearly nothing to society .
People always inherit money or live with the interest of investors often seem to spend time in search of a great thrill , some sort of excitement that money can buy .
Having almost unlimited wealth changes people , bot those in air horn into wealth and those who earn their own money earl on .
But do they have the right to live this way ?
What about people who eof vetty hard yet they seem to be paid miserably ?
A migrant work slave away in a field all day long and earns less money in a day than a healthy person speeds on a tip at lunch .
The answer to this question lies in one 's feelings about democracy .
Some would worry that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ) , he or she is entitled to it .
A rather hmrc view would be that if someone who works in a menial or physically taxing job does not make a high or moderate salary then it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ) .
These opinions are based on a rather faulty American premise that all people are equal in life no matter what they jame of it is their own responsibility .
Apparently , most people believe that they are underpaid and that others are overbid .
For instance , everyone weeks to think that doctors make muon roo money for doing this , yet none of the doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it 's a four price ) .
So , unless we wish to impose on the personal lives of healthy people by making them work harder , or give people who are a wealthy kidney that society does believe they deserve , we give pay equal to contribution to society .
I agree with in the past , people have had problems with society because of the way they are expected to do the work pope sdf at home .
Women have been looked down on if they try to their head high pay has referred to the same job as a man as a woman doing job .
Guns is the age that a woman is required to stay home .
Now a lot of women work and the ones that want to stay whole do it because they want to .
One of what has changed women 's lives is feminists .
These are a group of people who have defended women over the years .
These people have shown the modern world what women in the place can do .
The problem is that these feminists have looked at all women .
Sine women were happy with old traditions , some winged by more in their lives , some wanted more in their lives .
What happens is that all women have to go along with these feminist rules .
This makes it a hoax , because if they do n't , they are looked dom upon upon by their piers .
An example is military women waiting to serve in coby positions at war .
feminists argued that not the Iraq raf waza gon on .
They felt that women should have been given the chance to fight .
I felt that people were crazy .
Women just ca n't fight in a war very well .
The arte was not strong enough and if captured could be raped .
I feel that it is not fair that men are the only ones .
other women , though , are gale that gh ue in the United Safes stars as it does .
Feminists have talked about promotions in work places as not being fair .
Also , equal harassment is involved in a lot of shifts .
Many women believe that they are the victims .
I agar gta five to ten years , all this might have been true , but now many employers are the victims .
shy air scared of what a woman fans do and sometimes women get looked at differently .
There are some things that women can do better than job and there are some things that msdn can do better train women .
God would have created us to the same if this was not true .
Feminists are trying to kake everyone equal and that is impossible to do because nature can n't be changed .
more jobs for office jobs are being filled by Tyler Won , but a lot of the physical jobs are done by men .
I think that our traditional roles is a good thing , but modernization has changed everyone 's habits .
divorce is at fifty percent going , women are having more least attacks , becoming more stressful , and children are being more neglected .
modernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into this if this is not dof .
There will be a woman in the presidency , and finning out more companies .
Women should be created equal , but they only do what nature intended them to do ...
Whenever a movement is begun , whether it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes add quickly to form .
People normally associated with politics , religion , or art or are quickly lumped into categories regarded by individual differences .
This tragedy is worsened by the tendency of false outside movements to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
That is especially true of the women 's liberation movement in America .
From its beginnings in the nineteenth century , own liberation has been Mr Kth 's adamant , often obstinate opposition .
Some of the first radicals , usa B. Anthony and George Sane ( although French ) were noticed and ridiculed , thus defeating their causes , because of their aggressive action .
At the same time , other feminists , such as Emily Dickinson , were virtually ignored during their lifetime and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
The ignorance of other aggressive feminists , makes it seen as though the feminist movement was headed only by wild , disgruntled seats and , therefore , detrimental to the good of society .
although " radicals " such as anc and Anthony Drm Coke and backward by modern standards , rue problem still exists .
From the very beginning , the women 's movement in America has been fighting a losing battle .
However , I contend that the fault is not with the radial members of the movement , bur father , but in the perception of those observing the movement .
When women 's lib dally took off again in the late 1960s , it was Thai designed for failed .
Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college awn de a career for herself .
Those outside the movement could only see the differences between " normally " and women 's pub .
This is still grub twenty - die wars later .
Women supporting equal pay for women and other " liberal " causes like affirmative action are only seen in the shadow of the nrz - burning , nari - shaving leaders of the 1970s .
The good of their dayees is undermined by the perception of the radicals .
So what am I getting at ?
only that so - called feminists have not in and of themselves hard the women 's movement .
However , the popular perception of them has .
For so many years , the good that feminists have promoted for women has fallen by the wayside in the of other more interesting , i.e. radical ideas .
like many aspects and movements , they would be mira reading received if the public aim was not so jaded .
Within this century , there have ned many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundred years ago .
Clearly , of the inventions of this century , one naf has ads . The most iccat on world views and lifestyle is television .
This instrument gas brought other words Riggs intro the living Tom , making it possible to live in other countries in a way that was never before possible .
However , the invention of television gave society an easy what to want ; we had only to turn it on to tune our reality .
television has the potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events which have not been given by newspapers .
television has the power to bring war into the hole as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the program production , giving society the opportunity to understand their culture fully .
However , this is not the way in which television has influenced society .
On the contrary , television has become the escape route of the masses , a way for people to glee from the conflicts they experience in Thai culture , rather than confronting them about how to understand these .
In the minds of most Americans , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational tool , as free entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
Millions of Americans are often found to be staring at the TV at time , watching but-coms , aoasf - operas , and cartoons .
T.J. has a home in the center of households . In many families , the only time everyone is together is when they are watching television .
t.j. is a major worry of lack of togetherness found in many American families , and has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
The more time goes watches TV , the less motivated he becomes ; there is no use watching worthwhile activities because it is much easier to sit on the couch , pick up glue remote control , and stare at a box .
Television , therefore , changed society in a way that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 ag .
It has given society another creative vein , a lori at worlds which children have no other say , and an opportunity to netted educate itself .
However , through the years , television has let much of its integrated ; the programs offered usually cap entertainment rather than education .
The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from problems and difficulties .
Therefore , wincing the invention of television , society has become more informed but too lazy to think about this new information , and has distanced itself from family life .
a discovery that has significantly changed many people 's lives and freie says of thinking is an epidemic , known as suds .
though it had probably been arland for awhile , its presence was n't really been known until fairly recently , and its consequences have been devastating .
Aids has definitely had an impact on people in the untied states and probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
It had caused a kt of prejudice and paranoia among everyone who had taken part .
For example , there is more of a stigma attached to being a homosexual male , not only because of sexual preference , but they probably have aids too .
Thus , lack of grant thinking is breaking us apart .
After a while , a bih eo contracted aids through a blood transfusion was diagnosed . The people of nid town and his school treated him like a complete outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
with new discoveries of aids , paranoia is at an all time high .
Doctors have discovered that some undetectable strands of aids do exist .
This has elly scared people because they enjoy having aid but do not even know it .
I feel these ahs really make people think about their actions .
In the early eighties , " casual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and rarely occurs .
relationships seemed to be voted more than one night stand .
People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful , and with npr education on disease , I 'm Sir Roe , changes will come about .
The twentieth century has seen more wars than any other previous period of time .
Though advances in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world as a body of people living in close proximity , has rapidly shrunk .
In the second of the wild wars , the rafe was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , and not tightening weapon your people have ever known .
In my opinion , the discovery and invention of atl and st energy and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the most significant factors of cage in cpu lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
As missile technology nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , they began to replace nationalism , and muir small would erect barriers between JFS members .
In my experience as an American , I remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with bari - christ , ane born shelters , secret cities for underground , and weapons orbiting our planet , with daily , normal life .
Perhaps this increasingly common mentality is the worst effect of our nuclear , cold war age .
In a field which desperately needs our focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spy uncountable trillions of appears on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , and implementation .
As a commonplace goal asad testimonial lamar to 9 presidential administrations , the good aa uaw manifested its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of arcana ; full survival lit ah basement bombshelters to and circulating heavy executive commandos fan the ar .
In the last three years , the family of nations has seen the dismantling of the Berlin will and hundreds of other smaller symbols of freedom , and an end to oppression in many circumstances .
With this , the walls , barbed sir , and mental barriers are falling , bringing code change changed our plant has seen its genesis .
Although old habits die hard , they are indeed dying .
In America GHS military has been reduced by several thousand troops , and the production of nuclear warheads is virtually arrived at a standstill .
Hopefully , with continued efforts , the use of nuclear fusion ax fossils will turn from mediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian glas .
with the thawing of attitudes , our frigid planet and our neighbors , many will once again be friendly people .
The discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic was one of the greatest advances in medicinal chemistry .
As a natural antibiotic , penicillin has been discovered to have many advantages in toppin and preventing the spread of infections .
This " wonder - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics that could also be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
This sudden invention of useful compounds does not necessarily improve the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also caused a great need for medical chemists to study and classify each new drug as it was discovered .
As discoveries of new antibiotics decreased , chemists began to wonder if certain variations of these drugs could be synthesized and also seen as medicine .
it was also attempted to increase her production of the naturally - occurring antibiotics through synthesis .
Both of these new attempts caused a need for more research , more companies , and more medical chemists , and the industry increased tremendously .
It was discovered test ghz older drugs could be synthesized efficiently while toll remaining biologically active .
nsw drugs are also synthesized ; sold wired found to be medically useful while others were lt .
A variety of new drugs continuously appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about taking medicine .
It is now much easier to obtain antibiotics for simple illnesses , such as the common cold .
Huge enterprises , such as Upjohn , were formed and grew , and universities had research terms devoted to producing efficient synthesis routes for the production of many kinds of antibiotics .
The discovery of one compound leads to the increase in health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiotics , and to a booming industry comprises of research teams in large companies .
The synthesis of antibiotics and research of their USA stull continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacteria -- the producer of penicillin .
The modern microcomputer ( pc ) has evolved at an incredibly fast rate : from the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the computers of today , there have been many technological advances there have been a tremendous impact on security .
Computers have eliminated major jobs through automation of factories ; accounting , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
The effects of computer nace are tremendous ; however , this phenomenon is a catch-22 .
The computer has made life air from a physical standpoint and career from a mental standpoint .
The physical effects of the computer are numerous and easily seen .
In offices , computers are everywhere .
from word processors to spreadsheet / database programs , computers have made office work easier .
automation of factories has also eliminated many manual jobs .
Also , almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
There are , of course , many things computers are used for , but a lengthy list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except people in 2nd and 3rd world countries ) how abundant computers are .
The mental effect of computers is re - for .
Firstly , computers have made mathematical computation so easy to do , because people do not fully understand how or how their computer works .
This has created a surplus of " needless " computation , figures , etc .
People can easily do calculus or other types of functions with a computer .
What many people do not realise is that computers make major errors all the time .
Great , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error . However , if that person asked what he should do , or better stated " was able to do sigh a computed " , he would have erroneous answers .
mathematical models , theories , etc .
It is absolutely riddled with errors simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't produce .
eu These errors frequently occur in the world of computers simply because humans are jgnotant- goe whatever dawson - of navy " variables " .
Secondly , computers have sometimes become more reliable than people .
A computer 's circuits do n't get red hd , if programme 00 correctly ( another perhaps impossible computation ) , they never make errors .
This supposed reliability has ksf mph words of work .
The effects of this are unpredictable .
abet , frustration , fear , and many other negative feelings have sprung up simultaneously with the rise of computer usage .
Clearly , there is evidence of good and bad results from the advent of the moder computer .
It would be practically impossible to remove the computer or never use it again .
yet there are practical solutions .
better mathematical education is needed for everyone who uses a computer other than a simple calculator .
Also , curtailing some theoretical programming could eliminate alarming predictions or erroneous results .
The key is probably in the classroom .
People should learn more about the ramifications of what they are doing .
( This probably requires understanding of philosophy and psychology as wel as mathematics and science . )
In either case , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people 's lives .
A large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small riot , with a metal arrow in its center has changed the size of the world , and communication amongst the countries within it .
The satellite , created 0 years ago , has changed the meaning of telecommunication .
In part , it has created raw information ag , as the latter part of the 20th try , is often labeled .
Not certain about the date of its invention , it must be recognized as one of the most vital tools used in society today , amongst work leaders , trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
type turner revolutionized the use of the satellite , with his creation of cmh , the road - the - clock , round - the - world news station .
Presidents and dictators alike switch to TG channel to receive first hand information from the hr network , such as impeachments , coup diktats or civil cars .
decisions , of governmental autonomy , are being made , based on gifts from news cnn commentators .
The leaders and presidents of enterprises such as Panasonic and word refer to ibn , created by satellite risk , on a daily vase .
Stocks are an integral part of their livelihood .
The entertainment world has taken full advantage of the satellite , subtitling the information age , watu thw mr Fe .
The creation of MTV in 1980 , has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
The money goes into creating videos , and the profits from viewership have have a strong affect on the economy .
40 of U.s. millionaires are entertainers .
The satellite dish hsa also created distinct advantages to cable TV and NVSL programs .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itself to cable viewing , created by the satellite dish .
naval programs have wasted exceeding amounts of money in the united stats , due to the satellite dishes .
and obe lust nor forget space programs such as starwars .
The creation of the satellite , in the past 20 years , has altered the verge intelligence of the human being for the better and sometimes worse .
It has created an information age , which could be dangerous , and heightened an entertainer 's salary .
The pro 's and cons 's of TR satellite dishes are numerous .
The only observation which must be kande , is that it has altered people 's lives significantly .
It is up to the average person to decide if this alteration is for better or worse .
The discovery of atomic energy , is undoubtedly the last awesome and terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
In 1945 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world an invention in the the last family to us today : the atomic OMG .
The reason behind the far that this energy causes is routed in the incredible power of electricity .
Never before has the world sewn something with such a capacity to kill .
Never before had an object of such small size been able to rake so many lives .
For this reason , it is considered the most aew - inspiring and dangerous weapon in the world .
Unfortunately , with each progressive day , the world 's nef of this dangerous energy augments .
Not only does it have the capacity for all ,
but also new capability to supply and energize the world .
The drawback is the danger .
In utilizing this power in plants and factories , we run the fisk of contaminating our land , blowing holes in our keiy , rendering ru sets useless , and willing our species as the species of the earth .
Although we have many other lower course alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
It is illogical to think that with continued clearing up , we can sale harm .
Already , as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have bolea in our ozone layer and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
It would be logical to think that the leaders of the world would corner and put aside to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
The saddest part of this tragedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
The lack of sixth for our leaders is almost appalling .
with the lack of respect for the planet that is the general attitude of today , what is to become of our children ?
The current situation of the world 's environment is a bad one .
It is another , however , a problem of which nuclear energy is on a small piece .
Unfortunately , the day will soon come when the damage caused by his apathy will be irreversible .
This is why it is imperative to find something .
it states with you .
write tour local congressman .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
The extent to which this invention has altered people 's lives is astronomical .
The airplane opened room to traveling in and broadened people 's perceptions of the entire world .
Aldo introduced what was a completely impossible concept that no human is capable of doing without a machine : the concept of flying .
Before the invention of the airplane , long distance traveling was a very difficult , time - consuming thing .
For this reason , people had to travel extremely long distances and miss the opportunity to visit countries with cultures very different from their own .
We could travel by boat , but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather ; also , as noted above , it was extremely gime consuming .
Because of the lack of long distance travel , people often have a very ethnocentric and limited concept of the world .
I have learned a lot about my kwh culture just from being in Spain and that is the one foreign country I have ever visited .
I can admit that before I came to Spain I was very ignorant about other cultures .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other cultures , I still did not have the opportunity to stress it first .
The invention of the airplane has opened many doors and one other job is international regions .
Since the invention of the airplane has increased lower contact between political systems and international business endeavors .
The frequency with which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate far far has improved drastically with the establishment of international trade .
The airplane has also basically sweden up the whole postal communication system also .
Kiire knows airplanes are more rapid - paced .
Cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just three examples of inventions and discoveries that that had profound effects on each kind .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances have been made in the half century .
Another " discovery " of the shizpay century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both me and women .
Of course , the issue of feminism is big . It is just within the past century , far more progress has been made towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideal to have them when home , housekeeping and tending the children .
The first significant equal rights movement in the u.s. was in the 70s with the equal amendment , which is fair .
Even today , women are still farming something like 60 cents for every dole that a mom earns .
Feminism does only have to do with work and money , but also with the image of women .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how much things as varying as pornography or the language we use help to form an image of women .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in breaking it down , so that when we are seen by who the truly eaten .
Feminism is better described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that has not become mainstream .
Only when women have achieved equality with men will there cease to be a need for feminism , Ah the discovery will have been completed .
The area I feel that has significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment .
Today , people have become aware of the importance of the environment to our future .
sole are concerned with nuclear weapons .
We realize that countries that have many weapons have the power to destroy the world .
Also related to this topic is nuclear waste .
Nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans ; it also kills animals and plants .
We are now fighting gpsudts to build up our sales and rivers .
Companies are no longer able to freely dump their wastes w / o being heavily fined .
People have also become concerned with nature .
We used to assume our natural resources were never ending .
Now , though , we realize what we use needs to be replaced .
For example , deforestation is a very big issue . Many groups have been formed to save more trees .
We realize our fossil fuels need to be used more conservatively .
Another important topic we consider is recycling .
This links 2 issues , one of not producing mc nonbidoegradalbe products and the other of reusing what we have .
( reading in an email sexy also apps hoss w / o homes b / c the received jonny for Thai collections ) .
Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy , it is also beneficial to their environment .
Another important issue is conserving energy .
In part , once abai , we assumed oi ensreg was never ending .
Now , people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they 're sleeping in their toom , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural resources .
We realized that observing is not beneficial to our environment but it also saves money .
We have ala become more considerable of our animals .
We are no longer able to kill nails freely .
We do still risk for food vhf hunting is limited and we are also aware of the possibilities of extinction .
One realizes that animals have rights too .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still new .
We are slowly becoming more aware and are beginning to take more precautions .
The ideas above are just a few of the topics we are concerned with .
but we are heading in the right direction and hopeful by the 21st century we will have funds for everything we have destroyed !
Computers have definitely affected people 's lives .
I have a computer and my life has changed because of it .
I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for shopping and for other things on my computer , whereas before I had a computer my disk was clustered w/ papda ad records of pl sorta . I no longer need to keep chess records , but July to transfer them to my computer .
this lens I 'm based to store more information in an organized fashion .
Though I have only used facto of my computer 's abilities , I 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
Aside from being able to sort great amounts of info , I 'm also able to process and to wait for things quickly .
For example , without the use of a computer , I have to balance my checkbook once a month with her w/ a calculator , a PRB and a piece of pave .
Of course , this was very time consuming and glen to error . With the help of a computer , I programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once needed to make .
Also , w/ the use of the word processor , I 'm able to heir and rearrange documents w / out altering the entire document , and furthermore , though I have get to use the communications program on my computer , the gaia program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
My father has the SME program on his computer and is able to buy online tickets w / out leaving the house and , moreover , w / out picking up the phone .
Also , I realize that my experience with computers is limited and that the power of consumers , for me , is incomprehensible .
I 'm here in Madrid .
How did I get there ?
sell , I applied to this program , was accepted , and flew away from the US .
But , w / the see of computers , I skuld still be struggling w/ the secretary in the international programme office at Boston university , no doubt .
Instead , I applied to the prigrawm- thr application site which was probably computer generated . I assume my info was processed by a computer .
With out this luxury , the international programs office would inevitably be inundated with paperwork and things which therefore be lost or at least misplaced .
When boling my light , though I rjd not do it myself , the transaction would be impossible because of the lack of computers .
Computers had a significant impact on people in the second half half of the 20th century .
An invention of the 20th century that I think has significantly changed people 's lives is television .
TV allows the instantaneous communication of ideas , mages , news , etc .
Second , if something is happening in any art of the world from across town on the way to Beijing -- only person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
Previously , people had to spend days , or even weeks for news ( which consisted of sword - or third - had accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ) . Now they can see it happening in front of themselves , as it is happening , which allows them to make their own , informed judgment about the event ; and if a reaction is necessary such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it cab be made immediately , while the emotions qr still strong , and before the action is finalized .
As well , the fact that so many people ( especially us ) have television refs means that everybody ( sell , at least everybody who matches ) receives the same amount of information and ideas .
So , for example , people in Spain can be informed about how people in California or Japs speak and act . This allows people from different cultures to cow together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , this is one part of the process of making the world a " smaller " , more united place , or a " global village " as one journalist has called this world of information .
Not only THD nws , but also entertainment is an important practical function of television . Through television entertainment , as through literature era , people learn different messages about life .
They cj see markus actions acted by their employees , and understand the consequences of these actions , without having to perform the same actions or experience two consequences for themselves .
Unfortunately , TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of text life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making lies about God buy apags woes . We always live through dangerous situations .
However , this sense of reality is not so distorted , and so hidden that people go around acting like superman .
As long as it has a black - developed sense of reality , TV cbs be an excellent tool for understanding the weird we live in .
The waters of the ulounary seas have been calm and xonsiatant for centuries .
Progress has moved slow like high tides and the constant rhythm of the waves shows little changed .
However , with the daybreak of the twelfth century , actor has brewed .
With this storm , the waters have churned and spawned a wave that has crashed upon the rocks of the very kitchen .
The wave is the microwave .
Never before has such an invention revolutionized a science like this .
A complete break has been forged in the way food is prepared .
At the dawn of time , have ken cooked akmal flesh over open frites .
As history progressed , spots and barbecues merged .
technology x the advent of the poe stove , and later ones tabled by coal .
modern times and electric ranges as a staple .
All these these had one thing in common : fire .
Dame , two sources of life , always used to prepare the fools of mankind throughout history .
However , the microwave uses radiation to elite water particles in food , thus creating reduction , which creates waste .
This is a prime example of thinking that does nk follow in lpd footsteps but breaks course from convention pnr forges new routes .
If this word hot amazing enough , the microwave cuts cooking time in half .
If you had said to someone 100 yes that you could cut cooking tiem in half , and big use did , they would have thought you crazy , or bitch , or inder the influence of heavy drugs .
In an age when time is the scariest commodity , our society has embraced this eliminator of wasted hours in the kitchen .
A mother who works can come home and hip up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kitchen .
shed microwave is excellent for re - heating , making it easy for people to make excess food to be eaten later .
again time is conserved -- children are able to use this simple deduce without parental fear of free starting .
As I have said before , there is no fire !
This marvel of technology has helped people propose iron hr dishing pace of life that none of us led in the 20th century .
Throughout history , Okie can see hat grey revelations in all areas come from breaks in tradition , new insights , different perspectives .
All the tea was needed to create the microwave , which is essential nowadays .
Eating is something everyone does .
This device has opened up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized life in a pacing century .
When I was in tenth , a colleague said that the 2 important inventions that made possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine and the radio .
A lachine gun kzn be used to keep civil peace , enforce control law .
The radio could be used to communicate ideas and , under a dictatorship , propaganda .
In the 20th century , the machine gain had changed many lives ( except for those that it killed ) , but the invention of radio has made a tremendous impact .
The idea behind the trio is simple .
There is one transmitter and it senses its signals through the waves , with the potential for millions of receivers .
In the 20th century , radio MHZ became a source of information and entertainment .
Radio keeps people informed .
I don ' t think any people of my generation ca even comprehend that our lives would be different .
In the morning I listen to a few weather forecasts and deeds accordingly .
At night , one can sit by the radio and hear the events of the day unfold .
radio , hence , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in the news making process .
Newspapers had been around for many years , but it was until the invention of the radio that the pore of the media became evident .
Radio gives us the ability to meet many people , instantly .
As a form of entertainment , marko and it is an important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people 's lives .
A typical dag for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming up to watch T.J.
There are other forms of entertainment , for example video , made for other forms of entertainment .
Nowadays , everybody watches t.j.
My señora , for example , is over 100 years old , and her T.J. is the rates thing in the world .
She wit in front of it all day and it keeps her happy .
television offers soap operas , game shows , sit - does , sporting events , movies and much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
In short , I do t enjoy great air like before , but this invention has changed the way we sew and do things .
The current ideology in the United States today is so - so . To be successful , we must allow all of the written and unwritten rules of society ,
Everyone has an opportunity to succeed and when one does not do this , one flops .
One can sense these ideas in popular music .
t.j. commercials and T.J. programs project models of who one should be .
In the 20th century , the values that the United State was founded on have changed in meaning and are applied to modern day America . Nothing is ever equal .
and today , since the invention the utilization of Korean technologies such as computers , life for Americans has moved at a much faster rate .
People are more mobile , do work more , and buy more things , but time for relaxation and family is often substituted with T.J. In America , this growing individualistic society , no longer sees the relative humanness between people , instead one sea the differences , the unlucky , the unsuccessful , and attributed there inadequacy to achieve to a lack of effort .
etch everyone loving at such a fast pace , the gaps ate as to ims , the voices of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
the parts of the new lachine that need oiled and regulated .
June Voltaire wrote Candide , a literary type known as neoclassicism , was at its peak .
three was a group of scholars in Frank , l'acaemoe frdnaçwks , that swf guidelines for French literature .
According to l'acaedmke français , quo literature of the neoclassic period must follow the rules of the Prophet which regulated the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and matte issues .
Another standard upheld by academie is the idea of veriksimilitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping the time , setting and plot to follow .
Voltaire , as a nelcdlassicist , knew all these regulations and followed them in bix literature .
However , writing ndidi is outside the academic rules .
Candide is a prose on the guidelines of neoclassicism .
Neoclassicism liked for literature to have good manners : thugs did not earn to step on anyone 's tls by mentioning se , violence , church , or state issues .
In candide volatile did t seem to mainc steppin on ties - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaire went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
He told of the tsi girls of Trillion who were lovers of monkeys , and of the baron who vahed gh tre casselman who we punished for his homosexual act .
Sex turned unto violence , saw cuneogmde waqf big rapid by a barber , and witnessed his murder while he used her .
The wise kpd woman underwent the reval of a bedrock by pirates , as well as experienced tale .
After the baron was caught bathing with the mussdaoman , he received 100 lashes for his six .
Candide stabs Ghz baron , a jesuit priest , ate the brain and forbids candide marriage to cunegonde .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many tcs of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cuneyonde and the old women both tell their tales of being defile lid an entertaining story in their conversations about their travel ; Baron Ado continues his rays Wit style after telling of his bring ; and ayre candide " kills " the baron , he leaves to search for cunegonde with no second thought intl he reencolunters the baron later in his travels .
The light attitude in which these acts of sex and violence are written shows the parody form in which Voltaire writes candide .
Voltaire chose PT to stay away from the church and stare at issues .
He attracts the hilplcracy of the church because the lead woman 's father is the pope .
When candide strikes the land of Edoardo , Voltaire shows the people 's perfect relationship to god : they only praise God because there is nothing they want from him .
Voltaire used this perfect relationship to God in an unrealistic situation to foil society 's imperfect relationship with FD in the eplp world .
Voltaire makes run of aristocracy in his description of the baron , who dad feels is 71 generations of nobility but still levels gentiles .
Candide and his companions die with 6 dethroned kings who represent the overimportance society plecs on hierarchy .
in its portrayal of the utopian society of Dorado , voltaire oil , the imperfections of our society .
According to Ted Lund , 35 of homicide victims are led by someone they nl .
statistic of 56 is greater than lines ' chris .
Frustration is the main factor most implicated in these tragedies .
In cases , wire those of the " trigger ruling yaw finger " .
keay , vacua prejudice still exists . A big acton took place more than 30 years ago .
Thirty years ago , minorities could n't ride a bus , vote , or go to shoot with white people .
desegregation reduced some prejudice , hut it slip down .
The difference is , today social prejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for the person .
That person should then feel obligated to do once things back and return the favor .
This is based on reality .
It would be better for the client to do things for the person than it would be to give for the person .
Someone who lives in Noah who comes to live in the South must not be prejudiced towards blacks at first .
After living out for a while , they may adp south attitudes lack and feel prejudice toward them .
It is conformity .
The same goes for southerners who move north .
They come to feel prejudice towards jews .
I am someone who has lived all over the world .
He is prejudice toward Japanese , blacks , and Mexicans .
He adopted white attitudes against minorities in the different regions he lived in .
Our country hsa bee coins a " melting - pot " , inferring that we all come from different , that we all come from different backgrounds , but air joins or melts together to police homogeneous Americans .
A person 's heritage , as we realise , is important to their sense of self and community .
Ethnic American culture has been reviving one grain to reestablish roots that were once lopped off to model US cities .
The differences they are rediscovering only add more color , flavor and excitement to that brewing " light " of people .
However , role individuals and even groups of Americans ard teaching negatively to this ethnic explosion ( been most clear through the arts ) .
But I do n't want to accept these differences .
They choose to remain indifferent to the rights of their fellow Americans .
As Ellie Geisel , author of such books as Night , says about indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
The opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , life , just , life and growth are not their familiar antonyms but indifference .
Ethnic American literature fries to fight this indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing certain aspects of different American culture .
The gamut of cynic American literature is without funds .
Each group has its own peculiarities and attributes that make its writing unique .
In Ming vases , the words used in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
For instance , African poetry is more expressive and visual , partly because their language is deeply rooted in the observation of the natural environment .
Chinese American literature is philosophical / literal become their native language .
African American literature is often melodious and rhythmic , mirroring their similar achievements in jazzy blues music .
pl These examples ( and more ) give us insight into other cultures we would otherwise never know .
The stories told in this genre of literature , however , are likely the most important sect of ethnic American literature .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
we we learn of a few trials and hardships that they went through , we can sympathize with their editions and try to accept that diversity .
The stories of American slaves and of concentration culp victims are necessary to avoid indifference .
Without learning about the past ( and decent ) errors , there is no way to ensure future humanity .
Ethnic American literature benefits U.s. citizens in many ways .
It opens our eyes to the reality of the suffering of others .
It gives us a fresh perspective on the world around us .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships gerber .
Most of all , it gives us more common found on ship to love , and grow , and prosper .
Hopefully , we will someday fulfill Elie Wessex 's goal of indifference ; this literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country .
Different is beautiful !
Violence on television can be seen throughout the many channels that fake to offer .
With a garage national TV viewing gime of 7 1/4 yours early , the prevalence of violence in broadcasts is a serious concern .
television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( hepburn 1 ) .
Maybe children watch violent TV shows because the action throws them and can sometimes cause the child to become violent .
Violence is common in TV erntertaunment-- hr dramas that portray stories about crime , psychotic murders , police cases , emergency services , international terrorism , DN war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
television violence is prevalent in the united States and many people disagree about its effects on children .
The v - chip is an electrical device which blocks out violent television shows .
Some people , such as the senate commerce committee , are not satisfied working it .
The Senate commerce committee approved a bill creating a partial ban on TV violence and a so - called report card that would identify stations carrying violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it .
The bills would apply to broadcasting and cable ( stern 1 ) .
Some of the proposals to antiviolence are as follows : the seats v - chip , the house v - chip , a technology fund , a violence harbor , and a violence report card .
These proposals could work if congres had some support .
The national association of broadcasters accesses the state of " piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy " .
NHS nab also insisted that broadcasts have already responded to concerns over violence on television ( stern 1 ) .
Some television has shoe violence because it appeals to adult viewers .
If a certain plot involves a larder , when the meeder list happen .
Some people do not want the actual murder to be shoal , but that is up to whoever is writing the television show .
Many television movies say that they may contain violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advised , but how many parents actually watch television with their teenagers ?
An exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks ' programming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concluded that sinister combat violence ' pervaded a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
Wo nuh violence is there ?
The most violent cartoons were ' Teenage mutant ninja turtles ' , ' Spider man ' , and some ' Bugs bunny ' episodes won Elmer hdd .
As a play contains sinister combat violence , it is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
The cause of television violence is to alde texture to the show and nor to poison children 's minds .
The infamous v - chip may stop some of this from being shown to children , but one day that child will swe violence and they will try to eda with it , rationally or not .
