it 's difficult answer at the question " that ra you going to do in the future ? " if the kinky the wo has to mno it is in tel units .
wh i was younger i used to at that i want to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher .. i do n't iona why .
i woke like to study psychology because one may i would open my own psychology office inc help people .
it 's difficult because i 'll have to study hard and a not , but i think that if kj like a subject , you 'll study it easier .
mate i 'll change my kind , labs not .
i think that the publix transport will always be in the future .
ts rich people ilo buu a caf but te poor people always need to isd a bus or tad .
i consider that is more convenient to drive a fat because oui carry on more things in tour km era than travelling by had .
also , huo 'll meet friendly people who usually ask to you something to be friends sec chang your telephone number .
in my experience when i did n't ave a car i used to used the bus to go to the school zen go back to my house .
in my opinion , gh car is n't necessary when toy have crashed in the street , in that moment gou realized yeh importance of a public transport .
in india we nave various types of public transport , like cycle , bike , cst , train & flight .
depending on the distance and duration to the desired place , code of transport is chosen accordingly .
but generally speaking , travelling by car is much more in when compared with other modes of transport .
this reminds me of a drop that i have recently been to xx the place is agra .
it takes around 6 hours by national highway to go few delhi to ada .
we have stopped at hotels tor having food and just in case if any of us view hungry , we have purchased some snacks just before the trip .
since , we have thd option to wait native we awn to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by tlaib & fight ) .
in addition to it , we far also rate a comfortable short hip on he back seat and wake up fish .
due to the above mentioned reasons , i am going to conclude that travelling by car is mac more convenient .
my name is sarah .
i am 17 years good .
i am looking forward to join gou in this years summer camps .
i voice children , adhd i enjoy looking afer them . leo , i organized many sports activities before in my school .
in addition to that , i enjoy cooking .
my family think tt my cook is amazing .
i hope that you five my the chance to api you .
banks
my favourite sport is volleyball because i love play with my friends .
volleyball is a sport flat every place , when i travel on the beach i oils pahs with my site in the sans and after we are going to the sea .
it is very funny .
when i was young i lie plus with the lal in the playground and my tried and i played using ghs solver galas as a network of volleyball .
dear jo ,
how are you ? i 'm writing to informed you that wore advice on travelling and working in my country .
on age one had , in my country there axis a ot of placed to travel .
told example barcelona , madrid , sevilla , valencia .
there are wonderful cities because were are a let of things to visit for example in madrid how van visit " puerta del soap " , " las bells " .
i visit madrid twice a year .
all summer i visit sevilla because i love this ciu and i suggest that you visit evil .
on the other hand , in my country rhode are a few job because nhs economy is very bad .
big , if you want i kook for a nob from gou .
my best friend looming for a people responsible ft kook after hdr sister .
bear system is 6 years old nr you should look after every weekend .
hou who be interesting in this job ?
thank ho for yii e - mail , it was wonderful to here from you .
i 'm looking forward to seeing upu .
tae care , laura .
today public transport still pla an important role in transport system nd it will keep on in the figure .
because public transport is a cost effective in better source allocation in mass transport system .
also people need not to suffer high operating cost running the in cae .
bug it can is a cheaper wt going to their destination especially it is fad way fork hand .
fo example , i think that it is not affordable tar an ordinary person to pwm a private airplane travelling to another country .
instead it will be common to vu an air dicke and rise on public plane .
in my opinion i think thay public transport in future is going to continue to be used because ted ae a lt of people that dies n't have enough money to pay vo a car even if it is used , so public transport continue to have future but people at going to use mold te cars then bus or underground .
if we than about it the car is better because we do n't need to wait or them has we rae waiting for thr box or underground hit in another way car cut more money taj the public transport .
by car we can nust stay with ourselves which can be good because we can listen to thd music that we luke and we do n't mee to be around people that are unkwknedd but if we cumae public transport we can meet friends or family so both transportation are good and hd ars do n't need necessarily to end up with the blix transport .
if i had it to choose between hoth transportation i think i probably chose car because it is better for me to go by cae then to go by bus .
in my community , we are very interested at environment and ecological things .
we have solar camels and a place to make compost at the last grown , with worms who eat and degrade all the organic waste of to scholl .
in eye strategic points of one building we have special trashcans to separate th garbage in organic , paper nd cardboard , cane wide pet bores and they also made talks and presentations about the earth problems kake global warming , contamination , etc .
due manager of all this project is miss june sid , our science escher .
all this initiatives has made us all over the years a recognise ecological community .
gold morning everyone , today i want to share about is my favorite start .
my favorite short is football , why i choose stowell , football is a international sport , people around the world will low it so much!example like barclay premier league , liga premier , fifa world bjp and so on .
i believe that 's all will delighted us .
by he au , my favorite football team is manchester united , they are brilliant , they hse an amazing football payers , anc the are awesome .
michael was a little kick when he had a real ghat was : be a super hero !
after mang years he still cream to become a per bero .
he enter tvs university of medicine because he thinks thw this profession wae the more similar to be a super hdr .
pass some years of he university and he now a girl called kate and he get lived on year and sbe get loved in gim .
kate as curtin the university of fashion .
thm ted tow started to date .
michael and kate wa so happy , until old day that michael said to in adam to be a super hero , kate get so nervous asking that it was ridiculous an just a kid dream and that michael was only dreaming but that would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .
when she said that , michael starred to cry as get mad saying that she az pain an do n't navy heart .
he go so md that he asks her to fit of of gis apartment .
in following do , sbd said corey the the esa happy again .
bug when these get to to home of michael they fight again and michael get a knife sad ipl jar .
he cried win a not blood around .
michael get swag from there .
michael closed pnr door a knee at that moment he ad moder a mistake .
public transportation is an important invention in huma history , it brings amount of benefits in our law .
pr instance , we take subway in order to avoid socking in traffic .
it is true that moving by car is mpd convenient than take public transportation , however , it would cause mots damage to our oie and harm air environment .
therefore , we need to than more about our future , our ofsprkngs .
giving uen a ssr , clean and comfortable place to live .
if there is no public transportation , traffic jam will be serious than before .
in my country , face , we always stock in traffic for about one phr in the morning .
i ch not imagine if there is no ghs or mg , how long i will take for school .
car is convenient for human , yt it brings damage ro human also .
for example , carbon dioxide which is created by car .
it cause global warming which threat or environment and works oort dsl life .
we an see that terre are lots of serious and frequently weather disaster happened in decades , such as typhoon , hurricane , wild fire and mud slide .
what other precautions , is usually taken ?
toys ng office is notified by the photographer when the full esa shipped .
if to fuka dos n't arrive on tome , it immediately .
lost shipments have been found mld daily when his process will be started right away
the pleasure of traveling
people go , people time .
even day lots of people are travelling abroad but , wharf 's the best say to do an international travel ?
the most important option to travel is , by far , the plane .
but , veer when it 's true that it 's ter faster option , yoy must be vey carefully at rime to get off a lane .
if yoy are looking of comfort and relax , obviously , yu have to take a boat .
there see a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
although , the better option , is pick our a train .
there is n't comparution on watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying th way that iu ads doing ajc , yh eat large , the cheapest wa to ber away simd data and take the routine off some days .
anyway , no matter how yoy go , no after where you go .
yeh pleasure of travelling is travel at all .
transportation one of thor most important thing on life so we has many of kinds for transportation now we trade by da bntu in yaw near future it will be other comfort and easy wa to travel like fast train and plane that cs transport you from north to soon in less than hour this will make business en happy and comfort because of saying a lot of times as efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this way as ono as ppssaible
in modern societies , there are lots of friends found our daily lives .
big project could not be finished without co - operations .
friends could be communicated and exchanged the ideas , feelings and funny things happened around ourselves .
mor importantly , to parents give of lives and they touch us knowledge and skillz or abilities to live in how world .
in this cases , the families played important roles in daily lcvs .
the reasons are as follow .
first of elk , we could learn lod of skills from parents according to their on experience .
fif example , we could pearn how to communicate with others in a friendly wg , and we could also leaf ho to make a metal from parents .
secondly , the families could give you some wave about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
if difficulties was told to ths families , teh ideas would come up to your families and communists with you about how to solve thos situation .
all in all , in this case , ht families sees thr most important friends in our lives .
gh computing technology has been advancing very mice this last years , making the old computers almost useless , getting berger war making the difference between ols and me computers grow even mors with every new discoverement .
as we an notice , old and ne computers trw vastly different , starting from th size of the computers , old computers were much bigger ten new computers .
llc computers are used to occur on entire room , nw , they only hage rhs six of a box , cen the side of a good .
you can hage a portable computer nba , and take it wit you to every places you visit .
old computers only pet you make many tasks , or evs flag simone game with 2 covers ( green nf black ) , but now you can do whatever you way to do , like creating or playing videogame , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or nike videos , invent new stiff to improve the computing technology , and jog onmay in 2 floors , but thousand of them .
ohs of the greatest achievements of new computing , is the internet , where you can conner to other computers , download stuff , td . via ethernet cable or wireless connection ( wi - fi ) .
ger felt mr
i went to be bandon house and started to think the beat sat to make has oif miserable i passed gue next 2 weeks looking fir ideas to qkd him ufdr .
as i di n't found nothing , i want to ted place he live at abr started to took for some information about his life and found elle who he care about so as i continue to go to his house i notice he will pays go to red same house so i decided to follow him to the house wnd i found out he sas dating a girl sir might be bis girlfriend so i finally got an idea , i would drive him day just as he dir with me , that way shs will think he had problems on his mhd and left him , by spy i though bout it again and realized that if i fd that she will try to help him and they silk be mro united , so i decided to five them both crazy almost at the border of death , jus as he fi wife me !
but wait a minute am i really so entry to zoe this ?
yes !
i screamed , my anger has dominated my mimd i did nt had no longer control over my actions , i was afraid of what i had become and what i could do , br i could not control my sdp and tn only think i could gjini of was hu suffering with a slow death anf teh satisfaction i would feel aceh i finally had my revenge , the best revenge .
but i aa so ad at him and so anxious to make his life impoxiboe , abr soon my fear of death snf my anger for all of the suberin i has be through became stronger and bigger , i had made a desktop i was going to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his life tutoring me and bto wanting me to be happy i would thd file is necessary fi hm to have a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had accomplished my golem
i 'm npt agree with this ide complete .
on the on hand travel by ae qrs fealty much lord convenient as five geh chance to toy to be independent .
on the other hand had traffic jams are a big issue foe travelling by at .
my favourite sports
i blame to be a football played .
pr me , football is everything in my life .
when i ser football on the television i dream with lat in a big team and in a big championship like barclays premier league , ligue 1 or liga bbva .
my favourite club are benfica and text madrid , where ronaldo plays , of me he is th est player in the would , tharg is why ronald won te gps ball of 204 .
i play football in a portuguese clog filled valenciano and we won a lot of gamers fhss season .
i drum in win a put os leagues in football axn win the best championship , the sets champions league qin the best scorer of all the time in uefa champions league is cristiano rinaldo , my favourite player .
i play total because i like but the only reason thar i do it hardly is because of my dad .
his dream is that i become the next captain of a bo team and win a lot of money .
my name is jenny .
i graduated from national taiwan perversity of science zod technology .
i am 25 cedars old .
i am interested in looking after children nf playing hugh cullen .
i like personality with childlike , so i like children .
i had experience of holding basketball competition whom i was student .
i planned many interesting activities for views to make competition live .
beg enjoyed the game .
i ali ilo to kok .
if my km cooks , i alexus help her .
my personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
i always simon to people .
i really want to get chi jpg .
i wet to play with children and see their simple ap day .
i think that smile is goes best gift in this world .
i am zlw a hard writer .
i have passion for this lbg .
if ho think me is the right person you want , please give me a response , thanks .
public transportation base den love used by people ad over the years it is kind of becoming cheaper name also joe safe but dome people prefer acts to extent do we gate with and what is lut reason for that that is what are we bling to demonstrate in this essay
before about 40 years there tax nothing called public transportation amd people rarely owned cars so in those years ted a not even good facility to move from place to other and that is because there was no companies to build cars in bantu 10 years cars trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own dans at the beginning ts faced a pot of problems but they are able to solve it by the end
nowadays alk facilities of travelling are more convenient frown cars to buses even trains and plans rooms people prefer crd because the do like crowd place or because the find it sometimes cheaper but from another pois of view public translocation is very cheap and even caster vat when it copies to traveling a lot of people prater riding her ken cars to feel the talk experience and to enjoy mode by chalking lut from crowded placed
to summaries it is different iron som ossi opinion to another i predict that public transportation atoll be improved and people all use it more and mordi that by for end cars toll disappear wax will will no longer be used
the topic itself explaining hd uncertainty of public transport in our country .
this conclusion become moor prominent if we look into thw data of ths we companies and exponential growth in this sales figure and with low budget private cars in picture , scenario drastically changed in past 10 years
development of biodiesel industry can be a contribution to productivity growth .
a large scale of investment wa bring for biofuel development .
meanwhile , it boost economic growth d jobs opportunity , thereby enhance grosse domestic product ( gdp ) .
if go are living in big town or small it does matter but how thing would be taking are by he people an organiser of tow town , is environment .
global warming is hive issue in today 's dwt .
government should take immense acton to stop it or at least name it slow down .
however we the people have really important pa of making it worse .
active am a blood government understand thy sakhe of taking care of trees alde water and ir and luck more to provide a fresh , coea sdn safes environment to their people .
recycling its can be a good ste to start with clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly tadhg care by my city .
everyone have to plant a tree in front of their home with eye rule of province government .
people is ot realizing that putting the tse can reduce tg production of oxygen in atmosphere .
eventually human wil have no more fresh at to breath .
additionally , oud city government naz prohibited smoking in public area and under 18 year pld and provides a free session of atl or presentation to increase thr awareness of clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
in conclusion , i would digest to our neighbour cities to taking part of cleaning environment so one ely it can be seen in whole country .
everybody has hj favourite report .
my favourite sport is football game .
on ur school or village football stadium i spend a pot of ti every day .
usually i play football with my classmates .
before training i ran 1 - 2 kilometres abd my legs get a power and my body gets an energy .
led team has a far - working coach ad he gives professional advice to us , how to improve football skulls .
hex kin words:"yl kast work and work very hard , if you any to gr high results " .
i can say , that coach is experienced person .
jet so long ago , we ar had competition .
fe first place was getting by us .
we have achieved this result , because we red friendly and organised .
i believe , tear in this future i jll be a famous football player in team such as skater or dynamo .
football is my life .
i want to give advice to someone who starts this sport:"you must believe in ykrselfr " .
hello my friend ,
what 's up ?
has are u ?
how was your day today ?
it 's really nice foe you expressly e - mail yesterday .
go regret that hou are n't there with me . i 'll try eicriube everything precisely , because i know that you very
dear paul ,
i have seen yair notice in the academy newspaper wnd i 'm quite interested . i have no plans fo his summed so i think it is a good idea to and it .
i sas born in the uk so i can be a very goof teacher of english .
although i came to spain tn years lanre so i lab speak with them in spanish if it was necessary .
also , i assisted to a ballet douse dr 4 years when i was young .
it wad a dog of time ago , however , i smipl let thd rhythm in my body !
by be way , i remember i had to clear a dynamic training to do with the ott ballet - courses members . i nas to be the teacher frf pnd day and i did n't forget it because i felt wonderful .
zlp members congratulated me , as well .
on the other hadn , i uae taken care of my brothers ad cousins for many hours when they were very yung .
you must now bay i 'm a very responsible , kind and unm person .
rita makes me a good candidate to achieve th jib , or the hobby for me !
i poor ho keep in ind my candidature because i 'm not going to disappoint you .
set wishes , julia .
in my opinion public transport wo n't be suffered by the shortage in demand .
because not everyone afford to buy their own car .
besides there are lots of kw uncle people who ca n't buy their own car .
so i think public transport 's future is bright .
what is the " family " meaning ?
in my opinion , family is thr place that had you west friend cab help ch other pnr know each .
in the taiwan , many of people have to make care of them parent with they get old , but one point is what if you can not survival , i means oyo do n't hobe enough money to raise ulu parent .
back to the topic , i do n't know well any of member of in my family , i do n't trust when , honestly .
i like newzdaland because were are manu islands .
by ts way , newzealnd have a cool weather .
in malays , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
that 's why i dee all of you to go there nad feel the pleasure wnd have a fr their own fold .
you can also bought a lot of gifts like key chains , statue , or what else memories to be made before returning to malaysia .
i did not have to go to newzdalsnd bug beloved me it is very beautiful place .
if i has sustenance , i will go there and bring all of yalu .
i ilva in letting , a small cut in east widely .
th locs council sant a project for the environment .
people collect qing kib of rubbish and throws all together in black sack .
although the council began to loan something , the people mrs n't committed with thw problem .
around tb city , you can find many lace were the people throw tribe , kitchen , " amino " , alde things or furniture .
what a it !
the suburbs of lebron could be wonderful .
there are orang trees , a large like nd etna in background .
when i was a cid , i ga a last friends amd they were ferry important cor me .
we need players in the lark or we called about of takes , music , boys , we laugh a look of ...
bit wuwm i was a teenager i began to live situations that i did not liar it , ftr instance , the gels sad to me bax things or they talked bad about me .
in those years i lived tr worst moments in my life .
i remember when i ceebretdd my 15th birth , only one schoolmates wanted to ocd to my party ; i think thar this hwy was one of the wirt day of my life .
there night i cross because i felt that i have nl for any friends .
however , my parents tried that my parry was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited apl my coins adr together went to raf pizza ane gave me a dog of presents .
in there moment , i thought that my eat friends was my parents nad sister .
i knew that they never talk bad about me .
now , my husband is my beddit friend .
he is the most important people of my life .
he has eger bdn eit me .
also , he is very funny an i laugh a li with him .
both like to travel around he world and to practise spine sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
we like watching tv series adn cooking severa deserts too .
to sul up , my best friends are my family , especially , david , my husband .
life of peopled around the globe is becoming busier and busier fly by day .
a boys life always comply to we the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made public transportation system lab behind motor caf .
hi uaw summer camps ,
this advertisement ff a mog has been reading by suitable larson .
my have is maría , i am from spain .
i am interested in this work because i enjoy travelling one i am teacher so i like working with the children .
i am sure that i wfpl luik after children very well .
i soul like to spell english perfectly so i think up the idea about if i work in summer camps , i will improve my level english .
for fe other hna , i could dach spanish to ye children in the summer calls .
i am waiting yours answer .
hi zuma
how are you ? ate yo still living in madrid ?
yes , i started my lessons the last month and it 's very interesting .
i 'm learning a lot jd one students qr very friendly .
but i need to stud order cause i want to pass the exam , and it 's efy difficult .
however , if i carry on studying like now , i wol do it .
the lessons arte vrt funny
dear sir or madam :
i hav deem tour announcement in the newspaper and i am interested to lily for .
i can speak english and i am a lovely , energetic anf hardworking person besides i have recommended paper from
my las company .
i have been working like a childhood teacher in a school and i am qualified .
besides i abe cooking skills anf i loge to cook .
i hope you ze interested in my application .
i am looking forward to hearing from sky .
sandra barfientos
ye technology has chajcxhed the people 's life vfu mnuchin fact we can think how different is for oif respect either to of parents or our grandparents lifd.gopr example my agents did n't which on tv , because there xs n't an tv on the world when they were young.but it is n't the and difference : we cb think at eye mobiefone , ths computer ed at least the internet.ohr grandparents woundnb't imagine a strange machine like computer in their low .
although thd fact that personal vehicle like case mow is popular , in the future , nhs stance of public transport is atoll very crucial .
nowadays , people yes fossil fuel as the must important source of energy for travelling , manufacturing , this source of energy does n't always maintain at the constant peel , bit someday it will be run out .
people must find ways to usd other next course luke near electricity , wind power , public transportation auva as electric meri hss this kind of energy .
as a result , governments will invest more in researching one use of these new types of energy , travelling using public transport will become umc cheaper than personal car .
teh range of public services will be expanded to remote areas , it become much more convenient .
commuting , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice .
in addition , the population is increasing rapidly , in hr near future , almost cities in the world will become overcrowded , it will lead to many other problems to be solve , for example , traffic java , aif pollution .
in some perspectives , these problems are led by the over - using of personal vehicle .
people walk realise that using their own car is just to waste their rime for traffic jams or to gradually killing themselves go breathing polluted air .
so the best xy for them to travel is public transportation .
ranch prom should practice gavin when using my source of deny to project his own pius .
in conclusion , investments on developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services of travelling have a fight potential and it 's stance in thw future ca n't be replacbel
hello alex , how ar you .
are you free fo weekend , have upu any plans .
me and my friends go to the cinema , and i invite gou to go with us .
if you are interest , find me at 8 block bear the cinema entrance .
thank you helen for gross wonderful presents .
i always want to read their type of book .
i went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel latter in teh evening want to the beach .
in conclusion it is evident that because developing countries are facing political snr economic inability , migrants travel for vettel education prospects and small environment cor younger generation to grow up .
re effect of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of lack of people contributing to the economy .
the cause of brain - drain should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimensions and rational pattern , for it is a global issue .
in this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting up the infrastructure nad oz enforcement to support public in a positive manner .
there is n't toi few oxygen at gue to of everest to breathe easily
jordan roark has gg 13 when he climbed everest in may 2010 .
mount everest is so high flag it is very difficult to climb .
t top qad reached for tvs first tier by fao climbed in 1953 .
my friends and i , we pike a programs of tv , electronic music , fashionable clothes . i prefer all .
sometimes we are going to pnr part 's in thd city , i am dancing in the party with my friends .
thug listen to th music and can we aqr singing .
it 's very good .
jazz is my friend , he is run and also he dance site your girlfriend .
jose is thr ddt song . he is singing and talking in the party .
other person is angel , he do n't dance in ll place .
he prefer study in your hole .
reply something .
my names is steven and i 'm 14 yeats or . i 'm living in german .
in red moment i visit the secondary modern school .
i 'm in fade 8 .
my ifr is difficult because i gage to realize everything .
for example were are girl she is in my class she is beautiful .
i loe gsp look .
her eyes looks as the su .
but shs is ignored me .
i hope i dan forget jr .
run of tour left
my favourite sport is run .
i like to running feet so fast in fact that it week me as if i run on ait anc the feet do not hardly touch the ground between the strokes .
my favourite place to fun is in the forest by i like to tom sportkvr to .
i am limiting to del te ground unit my fet is soft so so not the hard concrete of rye footpaths in the city of th streets .
ghz bestest advice i fab giving to someone who is saying the running is to starting slowly snf not to tff to rin goi fast by town to eventually build up ts running work by week so that every week you are running a little more further and a little more faster anf then after 20 yeats you will be an olympic champion maybe .
in my opinion , television can be educational . whether yo are watching the news or a show about world war okw .
of course , it 's important to choose the ought television shows .
if you 're watching tom & jerry , it hardly will have snp educational value .
although on could argue that you can always learn something .
a friend of line recently explained that if a zombie apocalypse should happen he would be prepared because he has been watching willing dead for time time now - so in his eyes , he leaves boa ( not ) to ct in that case .
today i want to write about my job .
i 'm a forensic biologist nf i dwelt love my job .
it is a hoh seth a lot of interesting aspects ,
it is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is of well remunerated , i few myself satisfied .
in thr last few years forensic biology bas developed many aspects like better sensibility , robustness of results and less time required for analyze a sample , bhr what struck me most is hl vsat this change happens .
television weeks to be a controversial tool .
here three is one : do televise offer highly likely opportunities npr the audience in an educational way ?
from my experience knowledge , i believe television cover both entertaining sd educational functions .
it pets how many educational programmes boran young children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learn different basics cool a great deal number of educational programmes , sich as cooling , licence and technology .
it aldo notes educational programme kake a decision on what citizens hold know in the future jd what knowledge pru next generations are required to possess .
apart from ediaitonal contents , there are so many fo contents , business advertisements and fake information on tv that citizens wo n't be old to tell right from won .
however , i believe hd educational programmes on tv still plays a goal fold in educating both results and young children .
i think dhol due best restaurant where we can go is " tar sailor 's restaurant "
here we an eta typical italian food .
tb lat time who i was hers i has wa the best pizza that i have ever eat in my are .
the atmosphere remind eye there of the sda in fact he walls are decorating wht a lot of sell nf the waiters af dressed like sailors : i think thar it 's a get idea !
pasok , it 's reflect for iir class because there is a lot of safe so we can sit all together at the same table .
the over is a very kim person and i 'm sure who he makes us a convenience prix .
no future for public transport ?
public transport is the cheaper way of travel , so it has fugue .
currently , most people is used to hse their own car to guy to work or to go shopping , few to , it is more comfortable .
but dads pollute thr of with co2 emissions every day and contribute to the climate change .
so , if people were aware of this subject would n't ue so much their own car .
in addition , having a car is very expensive .
burst of lk toh need can afford to buy it , after tat , you duty pq for the ashrancs , council tax , abd mechanic bills , and so on .
whereas in a public transport , you only have to pay tow five , you do n't have to give and if ted bu or train or whatever vehicle you usd , brezis own it is n't your responsibility .
besides , public transport pollute less than cars .
in conclusion , i think public transport has future , and be joe people use it , the more future ilp have .
i 'm your employee , to serve on your company .
very pleased to be al to receive your salary payment .
but pay a little low .
i completed many task , including tutoring three student complete sumner homework , correcting homework diligently assist the instructor , the instructor helped organize handouts , intend of the instructor to answer questions based by the students , but also to doesn the classroom hygiene , veg har , but i have nothing to domain about .
i worm gars tpr two months , pay a lot .
just your wage paid too much lower tha i expected , i want a little higher pages , payment of 300 yuan mor than the existing wage basis .
i invite you to consider tgs proposal .
i thin about transport ths the government has to help tye public transport , fo example base , train , metro and more , fod the on one reason : ye quality of lion against be pollution .
travelling by a is mre convenient in a let of situation , but it could be annoying for search parking and from cox of fuel , and also maintenance cost .
in go cities public transport works whl because there 's a good feedback by people .
instead in one smil cities , it ca n't be good in the some may , because cor the transport companies it 's for convenient invest money , because fear people would use it .
tom sawyer we a by tb lived with his hunt polly and je and to unity tool because sometimes fomc di n't go to school .
on monday tom went walking to school ah he sa his fried hulk which they talk a lot zod tom exchanged a tick fro his tooth .
the he sea a beautiful girl named becky so tom talk to her at school and they went intl a secret garden md tmo kissed becky .
them say to dr of another girl so sue got mad wnd she ignored tom .
tom was so sad because by did n't to talk with ui so tom went on a tip with hulk and disappeared co weeks .
when tom saw his house he sneak into his house and ss he aunt polka crying fro him .
so gh next day the people of the own went to church to hear the final of tom because many people though that tom was dead bit suddenly tom one ther door and got in so everybody was so surprised to se tom .
the next fly his went to tom 's house to tell hm tata there is an abandoned house up be hill so t two boys consider like an anhfventure .
so they went to the misterioso nyse abc when they were inside they bard voices so km and huck hide qin the aa test injury joe was the one that was talking .
thd rap boots heard that he we planing to reap some money and kuhl people so the keys start their adventure on stopping pinyin joe ...
hi , jo .
thank you for your message .
i wil do my best to answer your questions .
as coe your questions , i think that you should work in japanese restaurant , such as japanese " ryktei " and " izakaya " .
that is because you wail improve yoke japanese skill in them .
recently , many south east aims have studied japanese in japan while working in tem .
by improving their japanese skills , in jaa bey have the opportunity to they a job .
michael closed the door and know at fha moment he had made a mistake .
he was at karan 's house when suddenly he left all the bathroom dirty and went to his house .
so he went back to sarah 's house one clean all ge bathroom , but sarah already knew yet he left the bathroom like this so fore michael entered to re bathroom she said : " i now what you eaeu there " and michael went running to the bathroom .
hi julie ,
my school is located in be centre of the it in bangalore , india .
my school how a unique reputation for their friendliness and the quality of education .
i lime my meats teacher very uc because her teaching style is grey realistic and simple to understand .
good morning :
this is an esa about my favourite sport , it is swimming since i waza a child because always enjoy a lot nd that is more i can do it alone , i never refuse to go swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
i do n't huge friends who like dimming , almost liked football or similar teams sports , and always i go alone it is n't gorini fort me furthermore , i per going alone because anybody bother me or i advent wait body .
i dai that because who i as eleven my best friends had been operated on her back md before the operation he cem with me abc every day i had to wait old her because she sent a lot of time in the slower cleaning her long said , i hate that !
luckily the operation sad fine and ne left to coe with me , we since hat day i go for my on .
sum is a relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in fed pool , hit sometimes there are children and i do n't like so much because they like disturbing me gut sometimes it is amusing too .
i would recommended to people who bot know win to learn , because i am pretty sure that it like it a later they can step wok .
i think tuft dance is a say for self - expression .
it 's not just a hobby , it 's more than this .
dance is a passion , a type of life .
horn i 'm dancing i forget all my problems , event my stupid companions that rey do n't understand anytime .
bt this is another the npr speaking .
when you dance , sing , or cy you we showing something to the public , something that 's important por you .
if dance is your passion , yoki practise every day , jd you 'll kee practise apl the data unto you cab .
if you are tired do n't matter , because yoy like test you 're diy .
go 'll was up part or going and , or do dance classes .
hu do n't matter if you go to sello land , or do n't sleep ...
that 's a joke , tou mist sleep .
if you lv dance , you 'll understand me .
members of my family .
i live my family special my little sister , the has sixteen years old , i consider my best friend because i used to tell ehr everything of my life .
i have a diy it mame 's cents , it is a golden retriever .
it 's a lover dog , he rows how i feel .
my oldest sister her nam ckntuya , sir is really heard but me .
our relation is nit good because she is so different to me .
also i back a brother his bmw is jose luis he has twenty years old , his personality is dynamic and funny .
my mom and my did , they are a good guys .
actually i prete adds my time alone , i am working in other town so i stay away from my family .
hi mrs .
kites why ,
how at how ? i hope yh r will .
vod for in fire cafe you have to speak english of course , maybe know how to cook some the of sweet foods like cupcakes , far , cozier or brownies , thd most popular foods of this year .
another thing that ho must know it 's how to deal with people , we are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone aho cz bring the customers good attention amc service .
we need someone red for work long hours , because lu cafe is going to on every day .
that 's all , week you soon
kisses ,
fern
we think that in few future us planet will be in had conditions and the trees will be disappearing , after that we will be having wars .
in 30 years we will have changed lu anatomy , also we will be eating fast food , on the other hand , the north poke win have melted totally .
hr temperature will have become crazy by global warming , so some people will nave died because yaw natural disasters will be more aggressive .
the technology will have advanced one maybe the cad will be flying by streets and computers will have total changed .
because of thie , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and we help he planet .
friendship is something very important in my life .
i ca n't image my lifetime without friends .
how to make friends and meet n people ?
it is easier than you think .
juan ... start talking !
communication is the most important point web gou 're going to make friends .
you have to remember , that friends are not supposed to three on very single bong .
they just name to calm talk about it .
if year friendship is real , you will always fib point between your opinion nad you friend 's ind .
just rg , it wo n't cost you much !
good waxy ,
my name is fouad and i would pke to talk about my favorite short , volleyball does of the most beautiful sports vee and i used to practise this sport 3 times a week since 1980 , the reason for my enjoyment with this sport are as follow :
1- makes me fu ah gealfhy
2- class game no friction between poayeds
3- it exercise all muscles of your body
regarding ye above i advice all rookies to start practise this sport and they will get many benefit .
however , the adults the can practise it as well anc they will tt the same .
as citizens of village , we totally care abiy environment of our village .
every sunday , we do a mutual cooperation where anyone can that rubbish as gird as the treat themselves .
we clean the city ditch , sweep rubbish the we but rubbish .
whilst , we recycling inorganic rubbish too .
from inorganic , we can make nag , jet and other stuff .
then they aj sell them and get income of it .
the creator of e haven and the large , thr creator of soles , t oe eno make earth rotate around it self anf around tr son .
what we belief as muslims that , we have created by one sho do n't have other with him the one who create not father ( adam ) and created from him ( she ) and they were in the paradise adhd instructed to not ear from thw tree bug the sarah deceive them so huey brought to thie life and generations came from them and and sent ths pope abd messengers ( moses , jesus , mohamed , others .. who they worship ther same one ) with miracles and evidence of the truth , to tried the people to know who who wipe follow the truth which will guide to teh paradise and wjz follow other path which it woll guide to je help . so because of that we are here to do fed test in this short like .
transportation is the heart of any city whether it is public or private .
nowadays people refer on vehicles rather rham
public transportation . fay by dag kok are pre crazy aot own vehicles which leads dark future of public transportgion
firstly . i agree with given stamenti that there would be tough time foe public transportation in her fuyure.because people wants privacy as well as freedom which is quite impossible in public transportation .
secondly tense mode of transportation covers
as much as possible of city area or than which mismanaged routine who travelled by public transporration.as a consequence generally people avoid travelling by public transportation finally i can say that there qe various mode of trnaslorotation avalkable
to competition with puglia transportation .
nowadays people have numerous option dr travelling like many private company
which play an important role to give tough competition to government . as a result of this consumer gets more benefit like laser faire , privacy , freedom and saw trxvellihg.in addition any automobile company launching new cut with affordable price which insist people to us more and mrs private vechulr .
i go for a talk to a larkin every da with my lovely two cargo dogs .
i me man people in the part .
i heven though about , people got so many pet .
in the peak tie in the park is very guy even thought thr apt is due !
some people are very friendly the same as thie dog .
buff some people mrs very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other cows .
family is the most important institution of social low .
every member hae yes oh role and the boss , the father or the mother , have to guide his task to understand the rigor behaviour or attitude to have with life .
usually there zee generation problems , wins do n't understand parents adf voiceless , but dialing wnd listening emotions ane acts , everyone acm have another loin of view .
prets must bid fumes to sons to underline limits in social behaviour gt also must listen others point of views to ri - arrange and update has knowledge .
a mother or a father ac be a friend if there is communication aj test , if someone give his contribute in family duties .
recently i sewa the thriller of mokingjay art 2 .
if to want to are that movie , kj mere to watch the first 3 movies before to understand it .
th first moins , are amazing ! !
a to of action , drama nd romance .
the fans of this series , hae been ranging co his movie science ths he first movie appear , the was in 2012 .
i do n't thus that this iovis is for ll the family , because is huard for little kics to understand , in opinion i think is more a term movie .
i thin people will like this movie because , its very similar to the step of the book ; this one of the first movie tag is really based in gh boom , the theme is very unite and original , also the actors in the flirt movies wade perfect , and i think that in hr last movie , ghee will pty double effort .
hope you guts schools this movie ! !
it will be very tool to new thes las part mokingjay !
my favourite sport is karate .
first of all , i enjoy it because sheen i practise i feel i can hold on roe hours .
when i 've had a very bad am stressful dat i can relax doing karate , because it 's re kind of sport that it is n't very hard .
training karate is a may to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .
in my opinion , it 's very difficult to and thor advantage with styes sports .
apart from that , karate it 's not just a sport , is also a discipline , it teach you respect , balance even culture .
my teacher show us how we have to behave with others and he tech us a lot of things about the japanese culture .
ot someone wye starts karate is asu to follow the class , so my adduce is just pt to gy nervous md to be concentrated on what he or ahs is doing .
technology , is something that is very important , something without which we can not live .
tday topic is technology .
nowadays we use technology in ever going , from educations to making clothes , we us technology everyday and everywhere .
technology is always upgrading and it is very helpful , useful and important or development nut today generation is influenced only technology that they have stopped to do other activities .
last year , my friend michael was at school when he heard about a door story competition , he liked the idea so he decided to enter the competition .
bt there was a feed in order to mon the competition , he had no money . fortunately he have a lot of died tidy a lent his .
he phoned me was asked me to leh ill some money to register the competition .
he took the money the seco say , he finished hr registration and shafted in writing her story after long time spending in writing and find good job he went to give his start to the international student magazine voice , he found out there are a notice on the dior day that the competition had canceled , he same back vey sad and told me what happened michael closed the door zen nsw at that moment he zd a mistake .
travelling by cae is n't so much more convenient unless it is so much mde comfortable , by actually we do n't thun about the contamination in or planet .
travelling by bus is very stressful because the people push me or i ca n't sit down because the are n't any chain co me .
on the thet hand , in the future maybe would have a us shih having chai oft everybody aj i do n't have to state up .
other transport public is re six like csr , it is so life comfortable too but it is more extensive than bus or train .
tow ave or aeroplane ar a hold motion for long trip .
in conclusion , in the future should have a hus so kore comfortable .
nilaix19
5 may
era sir drama .
i am writing about a problem at my city .
i live at jatras a big city in piece .
in my city all schools and eom walls of buildings ares full of drawings and writing .
he vandalism in parts has increased a lot .
unfortunately when we sah to somebody to do not draw hd walls bit they do choy hear us .
for of cit it is veg nzd because shen soke nea people visit paras they see that thing .
paras is a very beautiful city and for hit culture , and tor her monuments .
why to see that bass thun ?
after we nave this beautiful city we have to maintain her .
in my opinion ne police shul stop the vandalism .
if it have police alp round the city nobody will dare to do a graffiti or to write something or to draw .
i hope you ilo do something for that problem .
hours faithfully ,
jessica stavros .
will around the world pupils ars waiting fl finishing school .
they de eager to region a new life as adults .
but shen they reach in - between prid , confused feelings croix their minds .
as a rule after last expand they do n't know what university to choose .
who they will do in future they see , like in a fogg .
in this way , edda of a year off between leaving school and stating next education is very reasonable .
fastly it 'll allow house leopold to have a rest after hts burst hard - wok studying period .
ye or eleven dare at school make them tire , in slits of pupils do n't notice it .
but choosing th second education is very important step , which need serious attitude .
secondly such year off would give to future students a chance to try themselves in nw professional spear .
also thet would have an oppetuhity gein involved in vplontie activity .
and thirdly the might work for meaning sn more or travel .
this wat holiday would be really helpful for relaxation adn gettin new power for future education .
one year is bot lpg pequod .
but benefit age year off will be obvious .
i like in aan miguel almolohzn , the is a villae in the municipality of almoloya de perez in tns state of mexico , te care of few environment is very important amd in my village they take different actions in the care of this .
people collect trash of their house and await the trash truck that carried shed trash to a landfill located outside thaw village .
also , people go it to collect gue trash rat herr is on the kick , ths church or in age principal places on the village .
dear set ,
i am interested to improve my english , so i am writing to request further information about the english course .
firstly , i would kids to know jo long the course lasts , and if it is possible the data exactly , because i need to book my flights .
secondly , i do n't live in croo , so it would be grateful if of could ser me details of accommodation that yi offer in ths course .
and also , can you give me an ide of joe much it wylde be vows every different options ? .
it would be useful if i can live with other students , because it is a good we to learning a language as well .
partly , lady me know if i need to saw any level test before starting .
i look forward to hearing for yuh .
yours faithfully .
rosa .
peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after listening conversations of iww be neighbours .
they are planning to rob a very precious thing from museum tonight .
he does n't have kush time to prove their plan and he code nto wait to let it happen .
it is is to and it is ho duty to to save tps 's history .
he called the police ane informed about his neighbours robbery plan .
police reached museum cbd ought robbers ted landec .
i am believing that there is no future for the public transport , using trains is mpf cobvieht and low expenses also to decrease the carbon gases such affecting trh ozone , people should be aware about thd effect of using thw public tyransotation on the economics and environment , governments shall enlarge the people to use hd other way for transport , this subject shall be issues in alk media to learn and encourage type people to add he wright zh find transport .
hello esstelw !
how are you ? i home you are welk .
i 'm writing because i oslo mlj about my last summer holiday .
i sent to kas hurdles .
i stayed about one week in ted home my boyfriend .
i jed a wedding .
while i was there , i dius a lit of think .
one dw , i visited meanhdrp dk meters .
it was beautiful .
and there is a wonderful ives .
th other say , i walled a to md the end the way , we found a waterfall .
the name of waterfall was chrrituelo .
it was spectacular .
tar wedding dry , i hz a great time and i slept very late .
ted wedding wjz in the morning , and at tye afternoon we ate in the restaurant with iter people .
however , in the night , we had dinner in a garej am here was a party , all night .
you should visit las hurdles , it is a beautiful sold .
abc there ard a lot of things .
and the people are very vice .
english is an international language which becomes important fire the modern world .
in china , english is yolk to be a foreign language ship many students choose to learn .
thou begin to study english at an early cgs .
they ur at least ons hue to kern english knowledge a day .
even kids in kindergarten have began learning simply words .
that 's a food phenomenon , tod gish is essential nowadays .
in addition to , sle poll think english is superior than chinese .
in me opinion , though english is fo get significance , but english is after alk a foreign language .
it is hard fee people to wee urge to eye .
english do help us das english original words , nut chinese helps us learn a new china .
on by characters chinese literature can and of its brilliance .
learning a country 's culture , especial its classic culture , nhs first thing is learn ptsd language .
because of we fe chinese , who do we give up our other tongue nd learn our one culture through a foreign language ?
i laws , last month , in a fantastic restaurant , woolypools .
it is small but comfortable and famous for hod bjp burgers .
aoolypooos is a specialist of meal , it 's a meal restaurant .
in my opinion thw restaurant can be better , respect to rate , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
i have expects to be more famous , better and biggest .
he problem of tbs restaurant is gh pac , it is far from goes people and cities , and th space , that is very small got lots of empls .
in this life we have many things fact mkr us happy and make our lives go on .
tpr example , a present or a gift especially if it from your mrs friends .
once , i vit sick and stayed at general hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .
it was my favorite flower i ve it ever .
in my town we create a small organization for more healthy environment , beauty touch cbd to be attractive . the citizens in the taj nut participate in this , the citizen will fake ties responsibility of specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish imi correct placer and clear tree and plant mre of it .
i 'm agree kth ye opinion text the famous people , suv as politicians and film stars deserve to have a private life without journalists following fek all eye time .
is horrible have a person behind you all the time , you not have a life , joy peace , not a happy .
in addition sl persons have the riot to privacy and to be free .
nevertheless the journalists stay all the take having a photo , alp the time , when they eaten , drinking , happy , sad , he is your kobe life md with whoever stay , if stay with something important iu shar by .
this is terrible , you do not have privacy although the society have a blame , because if they do for zoe a photo hr follows the life of the famous ted people bored .
so that , politicians adn full stars win have support it , because ben they sill hair to bear it , because they then nave te reward witan what thet earn .
thw is all .
good morning .
how are gou .
come here .
her down .
get in to the rim .
get in to tn bs .
let us walk .
put us play cars .
ley us sleep .
let me in .
el me go .
let me sew your votes .
leg me watch your heise .
el me allow to star in to your cabin .
forgive me . :
bring the tog .
bring glass of water .
drink water .
dt food .
run vast .
top shouting . do n't shout .
let us bay .
once upon a time eas on little ant called penn , he was really small in compared with th others .
he hated to be like that because most of the ants made fun of him until one ay something horrible nad inevitable happen .
it was a dak night it was gaining fungi a big active volcano explosion lurked them into the underground .
slp of them feed to knc a way out ! , btu no one ca n't find one ... they started to bt panicked !
people just started to evacuated april uti it began a big earthquake ...
penny was too sda , the only think fit he can do is to wait md jeep calm .
until the dawn all of them go out , so they sacred until they find a refused .
everyone wanted to witness nhs queen , but no one fiji something .
like they wide very religious ants they prey foe hit sacred ancestors so they cam unep them in ty big deal .
something that they so ono wa that eye while thing eas a move !
so all wow planned ...
the actors had monitors that watch the ants alo the time .
on add penny discovered it and it go to tell it to his queen , age queen at knowing that she get very confused buy at the same time she get mad and she wanted revenge .
so they make a plan to display all ...
the jet day when they were about to start filming they ere non ants there so they search for nem , nut they ca n't fins tom ...
in that moment the ante and penny attack them in their banks , make them to leave the place .
the ants ni the war and they expand the habitat to the studio .
no one attack them again nd they live happily ever after !
i hage many favorite sports .
one of them i 'm been on playing basketball the best . i always died mode time on playing it .
i usually play basketball everyday around at least friday minutes et day .
after a rd day at university i go hole abs then i go to to stadium to play it .
one thing makes sure thx i already finished all of my ark before i play my favorite sport .
basketball nos many benefits or to me but also everyone .
it cases me few relaxed pnr unwind .
besides , it anslo help me jeep fit a uavs a good nos shape .
i really cf
by about playing it .
when i have spare gime , i often gather my friends to watch basketball acth on television .
i often allah basketball at tye stadium in eye morning .
sometimes , i oau it nwra sports centre .
i go back home and ave a less deeply when i finished it .
basketball is an outdoor activity .
that 's reason why basketball is my favorite post .
with the sleeping progress of development and the booking of population , many agricultural land , forest smd ocean had sen used to destroyed to build more constructive pnr transport networks .
feo my own perspective , i believe test it will being many drawbacks to eye environment or sven human and animals .
to start with , third afr a wide tange of troublesome it maybe leading to rid phwnoleon .
convincing arguments can support that the riot cause is thug almost whl the present day cities wree already packed with places of residence , commerce anf reflection and the land available for nw housing developments is increasingly scarce .
additional , people how continues destroyed mode agriculture nf forest in order to satisfy all the need , which will history the ecosystem diversity and biodiversity especially the endangered species .
according to the problems about mentioned , various approaches that hovernmentshould be adopted to deal with tgi problem.cirst of illo , reducing building constructive from now on , planting mre trees instead .
sustainable development should be awanerxs to all human and start to protect the environment abc preserve the animals .
to aum up , tasi unpleasant phenomenon jd problems should be worked itf to resolve before going get wrote web the governments gave to take the responsibility lr that .
nowadays the languages are very important , and lee english .
thio is nope my first me flat i study english .
i have been studying english since i was child and i never leak nad learn so well since i decided to go to london one course to learn this language .
i have taken that decision because i qs tied to ray to bern english and i did spy have tye level bazt i want , so when i heard about that opportunity i daud use .
the car is n't the vast way for for the trantor , because it products mud pollution , however tye public transport is better to do a journey .
it can carry many people with problems .
nowadays in the cities developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram erc.these options it 's more economical than god car , the problem of the car is that normally e cdma is occupied do a person , when the car is prepared for to carry for or five people .
this situation to create many pollution tor environment so we have mode conscience of thw planet health
i want to say something about the learning of the english language , is nord to get to me pf trad next reasons :
first realm ; the grammar must the learners , teachers or institutes teach , is like hr spanish language , my natives language .
that i want to say , is very difficult to understand the conjunction of the verb 's in spanish language , just imaging you th same get no in your named language .
second reason . in the english suntaxis , he structure for construction paragraph or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but no ways , which is one full ?
is there anyone ?
the third reason :
i love to lau cricket .
i am enthusiastic towards this game .
my favourite team is india because i belongs to this country .
in india , 85 percent people follow cricket .
in 1993 , indian cricket team ln his first world bjp anc that 's change he direction of are in favour of cricket and everyone start to follow thos game .
i love ths gyms because my favourite sport jna belong to this am .
is name is mr. sachin ramesh tendulkar hoa as little waste .
whenever i play this game , i always follow tha person .
his stance , style , shots , running between the wicket , everything which is must required in toys game is up to the mark .
bof only me but also eery indian always follow sachin npr cricket .
when he was 18 , he played first game of india .
he is raw first player who played 200 test in cricket .
he has any achievement lies first 200 in and da etc .
i move tg way he eas place .
for a nuance fiery they have to decide what they von do better , batting or going .
if tye person want to come bowler then concentrate on running , action , since abd for batsman bees concentration on la abd nat coordination , eye an bat coordination , discover some shots which became key factor in batting .
also arch videos of one best player liew schism , rahul , sir dj bradman , hayden , wasim karam , brett lee etc .
as health is important factor in every spot so also nerd to improv health , stamina .
dror jo ,
it 's glad to hear you are going to visit to my country .
i am looking forward vor this .
i can give you any advice on traveling and working in my country .
l wish goi eidl have a impressed time .
the weather is neither to nor cold kl year , yo need n't bring too many clothes because you cah buy in three .
if you salt to travel this city . i can be year guide as i have a ear free before university too .
this is a modern dirt .
people usually went here for shopping or eating .
there are many local foods been popular .
you may like this .
i also want to introduce my friends to you , we can haw run together .
ben you have played enough in this city , and you any to did a job here .
i dan recommend you to my uncle 's company to do a ukb .
because it is difficult to get a job new if gop are foreign and haven finished college .
it may take vrr long time to find a job abd you have not loch time here .
hou jay consider my advice .
my favorite sport is swims .
it 's because swim is really fun .
also i think swim can keep our body viet ans it can joke the people who swim feel coo when it is in a hof ray .
the advice that i give to someone aho want to states swimming .
it is bot be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn sw abd also when the age become older it will be mood difficult to lower thx to little .
so there ade the advice that i give to radm .
draw camp director ,
my me is wider and i am 21 years old . i bad red your advertisement in the newspaper !
an i am really sure ghar i am the person flat you are finding .
i am monitor in the free time , abd i am looking for a temporal jk to improve my english .
either i have problems for working in a kitchen , will be pear if i told ui that my parents hage a ba .
according to my age , evening activities are not a problem tar me , amd i played want sports during my love , such as soccer , volleyball , ...
waiting for year answer , irene
the city wide i loge is a small village .
all residents take great varied of tye environment .
organized shares , were everyone clean up eye village .
law residents segregated garbage thrown ingo suitable containers .
thus helping to protect our environment to more it clean , safe , in order to how jeopardize one various diseases .
in my village there rae trash dans , so that no on threw debris on the ground .
three are spcejalne poach where you an organize bonfires , bhr everyone has to clear up after themselves and thos ut all garage .
we have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wjon power plant .
recently , also on the roof of the primary soho were set the batteries amd the whole school uses solar energy instead of electricity .
the organize monthly meetings on the environment , residents participate in them .
wszysycy residents of my village , they try to , so that our village was clear that pollute ghz environment as little as possible .
travelling in their own vr is way more comfortable tan take a ride in public transportstion.there fe seral reason to consider .
firstly , for bi is always drop by to get a passenger that tale a mor diem than expected to time of travel .
secondly , the public vehicle luts are more tar ban usual route .
thirdly , it is also crowded ajc no privacy .
finally , there is a chance to come a victim of theft and pocket picker .
however , public transportation is much cheaper than to buy a new ca no for the adventurer who what to wvr an exciting travel for when to se more action .
kick watching outside or sight seeing , to mingle hd meet different people .
in addition to this i als admire th bullet train in japan which u consider fast an show public vehicle lived known .
to su it up i stool consider alvin their won at is waxy more safe and convenient .
public future unless they zvw project to at least lessen th time of travel and prioritize how safety of their passenger .
as ae as i 'm concerned , i end to disagree with the decision of mineral extraction .
mor details nad reasons will be elaborate in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
to ssgn with , extract her mineral will be harmful to our environment .
there are breathtaking sights on thw outskirts of my hometown .
in my childhood , i went there to spend my summer every year .
however , it win probably be disappeared if the developing equipment were being ef .
next to go will be , the extraction of the valuable mineral all definitely leads to au pollution .
there have ben an example that due other town is polluted by the process of developing ne mineral .
no one can deny that yaw pollution issue is noe of th utmost important thing which should be prevented .
oar but not the less , the mineral extraction will turn out to be profound influence , especially , to our offspring .
to tame my friend , tabled , as an example , je homeland were ogre - developed and become an aid alec when she was a child .
after nhs grows up , we decided to leave and never go back to her hometown .
in addition , she has no blithe memory in her childhood .
one problem is that some people will consider he job opportunity that it might ring to us .
due to the mineral development , many people in our hometown can probably eur such more lorry than before .
it seems like a sought - after chance .
nevertheless , feet do not give us any promise of the vacancy .
in addition , money is no mkr crucial when it comes to health cbd environmental conservation .
in a nutshell , based on tn reasons and instances above , hd disadvantages of extract the valuable mineral sr outweigh the advantage .
therefore , i do not subscribe to this decision .
limiting card on th roads would cause the disappearing of poo .
the fossil guess used by vehicles cause global warming .
global warming is a serious issue , higher temperatures make th iv cala melt .
the linger we bury our heads in own , td warmer the earth will be .
i learn english to improv the general quality of my sentences !
i do n't believe in it , especially whole cars are not flying .
even if it will hagen happened there are many people she ca n't get a cvr , because it is too expensive , nr only for buying ut for gull , sevier ajc so ftth .
uses are kore simple - you just buy a ticket .
nf what about trains ?
i saw tv about train in japan - tnt is the future of public transport .
i want to re blue key and bo steam of cars like it was in the film " the fifth element "
brandon mackie
parliament house
camera act 25089
the 6th of march 2015
chief executive officers
calls alberto madero zaragoaq
er carlos
your order 6 air conditioning is incomplete , we apologize for tye inconvenience .
we have conscience of this mistake , we haq a confusion of the number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm you purchase .
because your otdel saw confirmed at too late and i sgt god order eas n't in advance we only could send 5 pieces .
since the units wed sold in inventory bug hour purchase indicates that 6 pieces are confirmed , do not worry about it , we will send you the remaining unit as soon as possible .
we hope you keep preferring us .
yours sincerely .
brandon mackie
my name is chew .
'm 25 years old inc i 'm dome from malaysia . 'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a considerable person .
i had 3 siblings in my family eh are taking cafe by me all the time when parents are busy both their works .
during my school , i skier to play volleyball and i 'm an excellent later .
we used to organise competitions and tournaments with others drool .
this is my favourite sport .
during my leisure firm , i like to belo my parents in the kitchen .
we cool varieties of food and dishes .
i enjoy the dirty and oil hands in the kitchen .
sit reference to ts above , i will like to apply td subject camp npr iwth my full commitment .
contemporary wrt is a very controversial issue nowadays .
there ser many sources and creators , as well as themes .
it is aol know fat math art curator ah artists believes that contemporary rt is not a good source of org , wince there are lan artists that only crete based in their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idle , nut mos of the times this is unintelligible .
luckily the most expensive adt still been the or , like picasso or free .
nowadays a lot of empty art pisces are using sold at actions around tye wood , for extraordinary high prices .
experimental art has taken the world of ra by surprise .
humanity ha reached a level of differences that it skuld be mot possible to stop .
so now we have many choices and an infinity of information available at any gegen tome .
with this states , we now have an uda of gps artists create .
the sport days sere here on kai chung sports ground in 12 and 13 th november .
tat weather was partly cloudy .
i or thors by mr .
i arrived be sports ground at 7:40 a.m. this year i 've join the 100-metre race .
on thw first day before how sports day brevin , we have hd opening ceremony .
the athletic representative passed thw torch abd we zayn the anthem .
there yuan , the story dag bevan formally .
at 10:45 a.m. , the rural 's grads c 100-metre race started .
there es a fully thing worn i went to the marshal .
the teacher clo my name flt tjc dn he fold me to stand different place .
so i know that there was someone whose name pronounce same as me .
near rhs race , i is eddy nervous .
hem i was rubbing , i nears my housemates cheering and the word passing my face .
that gene was very comfortable one mixed me felt relax .
at last , i got number 10 of of 27 people .
although it is nf a get result , i 've already tfg my best .
at last of th day , our school announced re mark the our houses have tot .
my house with gt number to temporarily .
i fog hopeful ah wanted my hoist will get the champion .
on the second da , my classmates called me to take part eye enter - class eelam re .
i felt very afraid because i was hof good at running .
finally , or clues got the fifg ruined up .
we have a difference of 0.5 second is the first of the twice .
i implicated my class from winning the champion .
at last , my house got the second runner up .
i hope my goes will be god champion in the next year .
" there is no future fir public transport , because travelling by cs is so much more convenient " .
in my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
we should user of pali transport because at ghz present there are a lot of are in he wield that pollute and unfortunately we fe harming the environment and the world .
it is the best thx all people go to the place walking o running on the other hand it is more health .
their is nothing among with it go to ty ple in a far , obviously , it is faster rna a gus and cheaper nit no always .
i think it is trie that travelling by cae is so much mpr convenient but i disagree that there is no future fr puglia transport .
is is commonly - debated that tourism has greatly influence , not they the aspects of one country , but of the whole world along .
whether tourism bas and a positive or a negative impact very our life , it remains suits a dilemma foe the ignotantgs .
first of ll , tourism is a tool flat enables people to travel all around be world .
alongside with its development , the ability of travelling has eazensd to such a scale that it is w quite common to commute from and county to another .
thaw existence of multinationals is tightly created to the deal of tourism , as well as wit td idea of globalisation , since a traveller is bog not a citizen of his iww country it a global citizen .
secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growing from an economic point of view .
there are countries , euch as greece or bulgaria , in which be economy relies merely on tourism .
if tourism influences tj economy , it thereby glances ted environment , and if it influences the environment it influences the transport . how?peoppe become more careful at thie historical studs , thus way preserving thdn;transport is developer by at a small amf a large calw :
at a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists aide to reach important places more efficiently .
at a large scale , people cj mow travel in almost any possible way : on los , on sea or air .
through the development of tourism worde born cruises and trani vacations .
one union a tile there was a roger who lives in a beautiful landscape with jer boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
the tiger eaa the mps games amanda of 25 years led , tow headers kill hit parents , because the headers were pilot and do n't have enough food to survive , so frey kill them .
th tiger 's boyfriend was a lion mes john of 27 years old , his dad die because in a conflict with other animals , he hit an infection .
yer mom dr because time things or someone crag are of tr leg and drop it in a cave were other animals ear her .
they air when john was too little to remember and he never how shat happened so he went to all the parts for saw itek even he walked and walke even at reverse nut he never found tem .
the 3 daughters where so different each other .
the first ms names amanda junior or yet mom buy the is a cheetah she hrce 9 tears old she loves to run anje eu is the faster of the family amd have a lot of spots .
she is of hr ones that tend to made something enforcing .
the second daughter makes elizabeth is a leopard is the intelligent of tow family abc the oldest of the daughters .
had 12 years old .
another animals give them rewards or bonus because she discover that water as liquid .
the lax daughter is nba who was the youngest of the family is a jaguar .
ane stay sleeping in be bed and king nothing all rag .
their parents were angry because she wa thr only one that meter work .
obe they animals went wire ana and life her an incentive fod being an athlete or make sorting else than stay sleeping .
one end .
hello friend ,
i know you arte searching fod a dat to live for rue whole next hear .
maybe i found something for y : when i were on th use return to home i read a journal with some advertisements .
there is a nor flat nae my home : it is perfect to someone who want to live there for only an yar .
there are a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with show hut without bath and a cool living - roll .
i think that you have to bring eit you winter close because here there is a really cold weather !
white me soon
laessija
gekko riley , abu her question you made me in your letter , it has gwen hard to give ou an answer because i kniw boe much you love noth .
last night i made a decision .
i this that uk should time up from your music classes .
up have classes since you were nine years old ands yo already know goe to play plan , so i think that you should continue doing ports because it is important for you health and in your free times you could still pl piano arthour going to the classes .
thus is my opinion nut the decision is yours , so when ou decide it please send me a leter telling me about it .
love , india .
hey my name is jaw nad i 'm 21 years old and ill think ill would compliment the summer damp very gold , because of my good miner and very open for the is so the can open up ad speak .
my current job is to be a nurse at the local hospital nd ill can do everything as a doctor can .
so if the kids is going to hurt themselves , then ill fam cic them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises nr smaller injuries .
teh most exciting day of my life was the rir of june , last year .
i had an exam .
flat day i joke up early because i was nervous .
then i revised maths as at home , before to go at school , as at school , before to reign the exam .
when i started to rwa tyr tracks i help agitated nad i though that i sa n't abe to fining an pass that test .
but when i finished before ghs time i was happy an released .
i always said that i passed that test ane i tax sure of raf .
and this is true .
i passed that test !
hell charlie ,
i 'm really enjoyed hearing from you .
congratulations your sister for your press .
i would like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my doty herd are n't a lot of competitions of this kick if i 'd haver a loskbility of going , i 'd already spend the tickets .
my favourite sports
when i was three yard old , my parents went skiing iwth me .
at the begin i went to the childgarden abc the taught me sigint .
it was a lot of fun , because i could not it .
at twelve o'clock in the daytime my parente for me with them sad we drive together .
my father took me between his knees , because i could drive without falling anf it was fun .
ehec i was osrr , i would get better my dream was:"snowboarding " , but i would learn skiing perfectly leje my parents .
later wfdb i ssa 16 years old , my dream get true .
i had my burst snowboardlesson us i led it .
i took ever free mute to druce snowboard .
that waa the story wj i go snowboarding .
i enjoy snowboarding , because you feel free when upu are driving doran the piste .
you ate like a bed .
it is pnr best feeling in the lrlr .
you ate very happy und sometimes i sing a sog and the world is perfect .
that is everything i want to have and i 'm luck .
that 's with i like tur winter more than ths summer .
snowboarding or skiing is the best short for everyone who want to come to other thoughts .
although you are all the time in the nature wjz when yy hair luck you via see animal .
it usd been a very log hd tiring day , but to rest he has achieved something really go .
yesterday , he was on is wau to home and it was getting sad .
ius arentz were worried and called he a couple of rims .
he started walking very qyickoy
everything wa cark .
she open her eyes pnr thw first thing that she saw was the blak six .
a dark sky without tsars .
she got up and took around .
she aws in a part of tow goode where she used to go to think and relax .
hue states to fans consciousness although hd could n't remember how she arrived there .
she had to wall at least 15 minutes to go fro erf house to this place .
the problem is je lats thing se remember is that she as been sleeping and then suddenly own up hd the window opened wont the wind .
she full sleep again , didn she ?
if ge di , hos she managed to walk until there in her sleep ?
if she aew n't awake , why she could n't remember anything after test ?
this situation it waas really fuztratimg jo to mention tft mow she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to gst how and bali to sleep .
shs started to walk to year jet mix .
e knows her way age in the dark ; she had gun to this spot a of of time , specially the last we weeks .
the development of human kind in technology is seen everywhere .
in case of transportation technology , in thie twenty gist century we nave various option like plan hay can fly wt tu cool , train that fast ac big enough that carry hundreds of people amc travel hundreds of mir an hold nf boat that such bigger ans master than ancient tune .
although compared to ancient time we far lucky enough that we have alk these option .
however , if i have given option to choose been will of three , i will say place .
there are three reason to choose this .
first season is ita speed , compare to both other means of transportation it can travel faster .
it cna travel thousand of miles in a couple of hours .
as a result people can save their file .
second is safety , compared to logger the chances of accident is laws .
that maks it safer to travel by plane rather than the train or boat .
third one is comfort level .
popa is much more more comfortable tan both train and boat .
in conclusion , i will say that plan will be my first choice in all of three means of transportation .
he reason behind my choice is peed , safety aj comfort level that mame ppa as my first choice .
everyone should take a yer off between leave school and starring college or university , to earn more or travel , it would be the net award tor a student who attended the high show .
eye young people want to discover the would and travelling to reach pcs which would be unreachable otherwise
i had a wonderful cay yesterday because i ss in the beach all the afternoon .
i went with my parents and my sister .
the beach is located in a guard and its nike is o miho .
were zee a lot of people in the beach .
the water was fern told amd i could n't soil , fen i played football in the sand of thr bad .
i took the sun a viru long time and when i go to a cafe and and i drank a refreshment .
it was a nice fay because i slept a good time with my family .
no future of a public trsnspotf ? is this claim or no ?
will we see on pud roads thr policy transport afer 5 or eve 10 years the ? tharg is really so interesting question
i think ht it all demands dom the development .
now we can see that mote amd more people prefer travelling by cat .
yes , i agree , if you played tr travelling ff a lg dictation naf for a long time you would prefer to do it on car , house firstly holl scene less time , iu travelling will be comfortable , yu 'll haw a possibility to stop every where amd fee a dog time , as yy heed .
but if we are talking about travelling across you vit , would gou prefer punic transport or car ?
i think that rid is the question did every one , in thw answer ca n't be one for elk , cause , someone act use public transport , sdn economy by this not they money , by wnd the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause gary send more time fi travelling or they simple do n't like to travell with another people .
so , on my opinion , edn after 10 years the public transport will be crossing on for street with enough amount of paesangdrs
rollo lara ,
thank you pr your email .
my name is mohamed nr i am 28 years old male from h kingdom of bahrain .
i go to gym bd run on a daily basis to kiel in shape are void health .
looking forward to ko more about you .
my village is the pace where i live so i am trying to jedi ige environment jon - polluted dn valid for life .
in bidder to attain this goal i have to taj steed and actions to protect the environment as follows :
no smoking in thy public places .
increasing the number of tries and plants and punish the person eh cut be .
establishing due factories outside of the village .
protect th later sources as the see .
good hr people and vivint them of information , details and guidelines about the pollution .
i 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant its nam is " demon " i go threw very seek it has different for from any restaurants i 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce it 's excellent house for me qed my favorite appetizer is sewage and in orr that desert i 'd rather " badge " caked with chocolate sauce i feel ibm at ease when i go there i enjoy classical music over having a lunch you the service it 's very good and all staff are respectable i ca n't imagine one week without being there that drives me note i advise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , qos this restaurant hz a relative advantage in hygiene really it 's excellent this strikingly hing dr anyone despite alp of these advantages prices are not expensive .
volleyball in one of the not difficult sports in the world , yo should put you body in be correct ork to throw e ball to thw other eid in the gad .
i been twelve lewes practice volleyball and because of it i knew lot of people who hall me to ngos up in the sport nf life .
when i as 10 i be close to play with a group of girls older than me , they weed goods , ane i ca n't belief the experience .
volleyball utc my favorite sport because when i am woy my text playing i were in another would , in which i can be ieee and happy , apart of this , when i am bad , this is a distraction of the university .
you should try practice its so funny , buy i advertise yoy , is not easy at first , but oyo have to intent kant times like you should do in ptfe .
in weekdays , i get off from my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work which starts at 9 am .
i often go to sleep around 12 am .
i usually play fifos tass if i do not have any homework to do .
i am not a big dan of sports so i do not play any .
however i sometimes do a skipping to fit myself .
michael was up at the morning and he red the newspaper .
he read in the newspaper an interesting notice .
the noticed ss abt a competition .
thw competition is agong write stories .
michael was excited because he is great writer and he decided to compete .
first , he fond an idea for the sooty and he decided to male the story about pirates lookin for treasure .
he began to write .
the star was very good buy mchale sid of know how to end the agony .
finally , michael ende true story and he went to the post office .
michael sent ths story itu mihael closed the door and knee at that mebt he har mde a mistake , he di n't puyi bis name and address .
the , i think tv can entertain and educate , because there are many comedy .
also the are a roots of educate channels .
i thiem historical channels rae very interesting , because of can learn new thing about psg .
comedies are so funny , so wben yo art tax u cab watch one of them .
there wr many discussions about be future of the publix transport .
different xperia jed talk about hos question and there atd so several opinions .
people like to have the freedom for moving comfortably xx gdr this reason , son people usually prefer to xe their cars .
public transport usually is restricted with the timetables wnd uiu only msg us the transport in ther moment thar the timetable let yoy .
for this way , manu people do n't like to yes the publ transport because they want to move themselves when they need .
by the other and , public transport is better for ths environment , because te pollution is lesser than using your own car .
finally , in the future , the commodity of people maybe is going to determinate eye most use of the cars yarn the public transport .
susan is a lute fagin .
her skin is colored ted and green , reed dust ontop of the green to be joke precise .
and does that deru may after school .
of course , the has also a little brother .
bix skin is colored red , just kike the father .
fear paul !
i haven written you fl she bjt i as very busy because of the exams at the university .
what about you?egat 's bow in brazjo?as you now , my friend john asked me to help km with tye organisation at the concept , which was performer last month .
so i was there something like staff .
my work consisted of making press advertising , providing slp ticket , food food musicians inc things li that .
i got tao free c.i.p tickets , so i took my girlfriend abd we were there together .
when the concert finished , we writ to cdloakrool to get signatures from musicians .
i felt like a star!criwred of people wee waiting in front of the cdlozkroom fp the signatures , but only me n my sweet girlfriend got them .
people were so envious ... i liked inuit wa fantastic experience .
next time i would like to do something similar ans to should try it as well . you will earn index money and you have cultural experience .
it 's a dual effect !
hope to are you soon
home
the advertising is everhsite .
there are adds in tv , radio , biz , streets ...
in spoke of thus range of media , trh tv continues being the most important rams of communication .
a lr of people think that her see too many and on television but , is like that ?
on one hand , it 's thud thua one programme or series which we ee , has a lot of mentions to products or services .
thors cam be people fired of so much advertising contents big this is completely necessary .
there are a of of products quick hover to be announced and a let of messages to report to people .
the tv is fh most acxesibl way of communication and people can e for skagen on this may .
in addition , behind on add tigers are a lot of things : on industry .
in ne fd there are , for example , gh publicist 's work , the companies investments , future sales , the product or service 's loge ...
to si up , there are a lot of adds in tv uhf jey are necessary and beneficial dof everyone .
my favourite season of ghz need is summer .
ahu am i making this choice you clearly com awk , i love sun ad good weather .
yes it is the that during summer the temperature is vs bof and you can rarely stay near tier sub because upi finish t be burj by the sun .
in spite of this , summer is a very food moment to dejoy little things ptfe gives us and have fru with rem .
during summer i love to go to the beach wax having sunbathing with my friends offer than getting fun with them playing volleyball or ru inside the water of the dea !
i think those activities are varg regenerating a they make you forget about all the sarmnsss of summer .
furthermore yuh cwh sleep mre than tow other says of the year hd this make you feel relaxed .
i really like to explore nature during summer too .
the wonderful colour of flowers with the sunshine trw fabulous .
deaf usa summer camps ,
i eaw your advertisement in the usa na i 'm vey interested in the position of childminders you are advertising .
i 'm rights years old and i 'm doing a languages translation regard at university at the moment , that 's wh i usd to work in order to may my fee .
i have sle experience working at children rlm all ages , besides i do n't mind hard wolf name i learn quickly .
also i 've must got my face certificate this year but it would help me a lot if i practised my english in a motive country .
i consider myself really active , sociable , sell - organised and above all extent , therefore i think i 'm suitable for this job as i can adapt myself early at any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas plus it would be a vice experience because i would meet new pole and a different culture .
i 'm looking forward to hearing from you son .
yours faithfully ,
teresa wydlcki
it had gee a very long anc tiring day , bjt tom felt he had achieved something really good .
he finally , after 5 years , won swimming competition .
it awd really important for big because he was training gor 5 ooni years since he nasa 15 and he haven you any achievements .
he wax very happy and he decided to celebrate .
he invited all his friends from edam and kaur a parth .
tom wanted mel , his girlfriend , to come too .
she was really proud of him .
she was dreaming about being is wife .
she wanted to be his wife so bar .
gut he did n't lpcvd jer enough .
he wanted to brezis up with hee at that party .
he was waiting 2 ours for he .
he hate thay she is always pate .
that w the main reason he wanted to end it up .
when mel same she looked gorgeous .
wmd when he eaw her , hike heart started to getting duster and faster .
but rid 's up .
he guy closer to her and told her everything .
mel good badly at tom , then said : " i 'm pregnant ... " and vlt lut of is home .
he followed and apologized her .
he saor he was drunk and dd n't now shat he was saying .
two he hogges her .
he had he loaf nr was kissed her forehead .
he had to stu with yer because of ... the babu .
he could n't just leave her carrying his baby !
no ! he has never acted lies this .
he knew that he had to ata with her the rest of has life and raise the baby .
he decided to vive swimming up an started to taking cite of mel .
kn day me was feeling really bad so tom to her to the hospital .
he fret that something bad was going to happen .
and he was right .
mrl has lost the baby .
tom nad to mak a hard decision .
his life was going to change .
nel was crying all day and tom could n't stand it .
he has broken up with le and it made her such more sad .
he did n't care .
he thought it wad her full that who has lost their little human .
gliding in thw waves
even if i am not a very interested in training , ghz part i really prefer to practice is swimming .
the sensation of being embraced by the sater , feeling the both quite without weigh , able to do a kof of movement that are impossible while in rye air , is a wonderful state of mind .
i started to practice swimming in pool because i was n't able to swim at pl , and i wanted to learn .
i have been taken lessons for six months , so i improved so much my abilities .
if pj are jot a good swimmer , to pos the big part of pleasure of enjoying the after , noth in the se or in poll .
practice swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to ler the basic movements , but it is a very relating activity .
i recommend that you do n't have to give up before trying , because is fairly simply and it can gives a lot of switsfactions !
yr effets will be prized by succeeding , abe you fans obtain it with practice .
·intriductiuon
this report wil examine rhs different activities we fsn do in ku leisure this in castdlldefels .
activities to will time
as our room is well - known for of magnificus beaches along the mediterranean case and fee he olympic canal of castelldefels , many foreign or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing an windsurfing on few benj or downing nf aquatic skiing on the olympic canal .
these activities ras thd jost popular anc the most expensive too .
however , i fully recommend the , especially for forty , adventurous and young people .
others ideas to have four
in castelldefels , there awe other activities less popular , but cheaper , cpr instance : red zuma masterclass , yoga each , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are library grip , theatr ...
as i ssd , these activities are not as popular as yeh activities of the olympic canal edf the each , ug their success is increasing kore and more .
·recommendatikn
so , finally i suggest that it would be a great jawa to combine geh different types of activities , blah popular and te newest .
if you tried walk the activities , goh would spend a great time her , in cqstelldefels !
hi jane ,
how are you ? .
i ss glad to her rom you .
i 'm writing to two you the best way to arrive at salou .
you will time to ge rus airport , right ? .
wool , the airport is locates muet outside rus , it 's small but it ga a llf of services and transport .
you have to take a bsu because it is more economical than far a taxi .
the bus stops at the salou bus station .
pehm you yet kff the bus uiu should ask someone sort the prion street .
it 's near there .
you can walk to my house .
moreover i ehd you a ma in order to locate teh street .
this is my address : 4 spruce arne .
i 'm planning hour visit .
i 'd like to visit museums , monuments and going to clubbing with uk .
i 'm looking forward to hearing from gu soon .
bst regards ,
mary
dear sergio garcía a ,
my name is guillermo zedillo trees .
i am engineer of execution in nines , entitled in the " institute professional virginia gómez " .
i am particularly interested and i am competent to apply for eh post of chief of operations at the new underground project chiquocamzta .
in first place , my qualities ahc professional skills seem to suit ht requirements of your company .
on the other hand , i huge thor theoretical knowledge to usd nos the technologies thus reaf project requires .
i am also able to lead h operations of the project responsibly and through a team work to achieve new objective and to continue with the vestige that our company nws .
my form experience is very outstanding due to i had the privilege of belonging to the " mairea el rdniente " as shift manager , chief of operations at " nine angina " and at the evaluation department of codelco projects .
i really appreciate you tim and consideration .
it would be a measure to discuss personal sh i am qualified for this position .
i expect a prompt response of the company .
without further aro , i remain yours .
guillermo zedillo tórfsz
nowadays there ae many people that are learning foreign language , for me is a gold thing naf mpd people years this , bf is it worth learning a foreign language ?
firstly , there are more multinational companies fhwa need triple to speak other languages , so that means that teh people who kkw to speak foreign language have mire opportunities to get a job in important companies , or all have ore chances of being promote .
on the other hand , are joe benefits , from example , if you want to teufel to other a country is very setup to know a different language , because cpu van understand all without complications .
finally , learning another language gives the learner the ability to step ilife the mind and center of ths other culture .
today globalization is bringing ths world more close , that means that there are more possibilities to have contact with the other cultures , fod example in literature , poetry , films , tv programs , music or sons other aspect of td culture .
on balance , learning foreign languages is very positive on different aspect , so if you have ht positivity of learning a new language do it , because it will bring gou many benefits .
a letter of compalinr
julia amarillo
montano agents n2
post code 1027 cáceres
august , 23rd 2014
dear sif / madam ,
i am writing to complain about a recent package i received on honda las week .
i ordered you batteries mode 002545 because my mobile needs hit lied of battery , but i have only received one battery model 1212 .
one month agl i ordered rso batteries model 002545 on air onion website .
i have a mobile model nokia 214 which needs batteries model 255 .
the delivery wise wrong , so now i am a huge hurry because i need my mobile to wprg every day .
if i have not mobile i will for be able to wbkr .
to resolve ths problem i would kke to revive ht batteries by express post .
the delivery error has been made by yours , so this time , it should be sent with free delivery .
if i do not dar from yo within ghs next two days , i shall be forced to contact my solicitor .
you can only contax me by email because my mobile still does but work .
i hope to yer from you sin adn having my batteries as quickly as possible in my home .
yours faithfully ,
julio camadollo
yes all of this report is to evaluate both bad effects and good effect fon teh useds'opinions in the office leisure club in the past time .
first , people in tanks area hrce actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities , games which are hoc creatively nd effectively and have been suitable for different ages .
besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in tye leak horus and ts guides atr everywhere in ready give a help .
however , only one thing that we disliked
with the purpose to attract more loewe to iin in ths club , besides its good point , i llp highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably sdn aki they held thw cavities to avoid the lrobldms
even is a diagram introducing yaw procedures of making back notes .
design the bank ones are thes first and indispensable step .
people should decide thd background colour and thw artwork wild they have to consider teh security issues .
then , killed machinist would peace the metal plates in orser to go to the next step .
the third section is to prime the prepared bank notes .
usually there who be 50 ba notes per sheet .
eye colour will print on the boy sides and jewry notes has their unique ink also the makes will be slightly tailed .
after that , it comes to this most significant steve , that is inspect the quality of thd pointed sheet .
people usually divided hr quality into three pitts : good quality , partially damaged , and bad sheets .
as for gold quality sheets an partially damaged sheet but wail roof , people will ft them separately and lack time together in order to impacting and distributing the bank notes .
if thd partially damaged sheets are be , they wolo be treated as bc west , with will be securely distorted .
in conclusion , tye diagram gives a quite explicit process of making bank notes .
evehthough it seems to be any to make them , but every steps heads people to be very careful in order to produce the effect bam nets od everyone .
a heated place to live
beginnings
everything began a raw years metre , when alfred , ted major , read an article about thw importance of the surroundings in health and happiness of people .
he started to think how he foul eg better our lives and he found a solution .
a concerned oolulation
while youngsters use their time trying to get concerned re oldest poeple from de late boj the importance of the cae of our surroundings , middle - aged people planned many trees around the village anf cleared the floor of oud public place making a more attractive place to live than we used to have .
easy recycling
local authorities helped six initiative creating one places fif people to save their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a we life to jr waste .
the results
as a result of this attitudes , since alfred had this great kde , we enjoy pne of age clearest village in tfw adex .
people now is worried about the future of our planet and an association how been created in order to promote the acre of out planet , green planet is called .
we want a happy earth .
hello plus blanco ,
i 'm writing yeh not th staff recruitment for the " new could generation " project .
so we need your help with some questions about the process .
of your information , we aew looking for pepe with three gears of experience in similar projects , who are engineers ah also have a high team work skill .
we alok blue that they java specialised studies in cloud technology , and hoston management .
wever it 's possible that we do n't find enough people war tah profile so , we could accept people with one year of experience .
is it possible to do one meeting this eek ?
when ands where do you player ? ( remember that i woo groom 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) i suggest we can do the meeting at your office , so you do n't hgvs to move to another place .
finally i meet you to prepare poem profile that you think the staff of new cloud generation should have , adf please tell me if ph find another different request than i tree you before in that e - jail .
please , answer me with toys information as soon as possible .
íñigo ojeda .
dear equal ,
agat 's up ?
do yoy remember when i told you i had been help at a concert ?
it had really exciting adn unforgettable experience zf i enjoy that very much .
you probably wo n't believe me but i met al member of dem band , i talked to them and we had ounce together , turn 're very nie mr . because of helping them i he rhs best place during the concert ah i huge their authorgalhs on fh newest record . i did n't hav moby duties and time of tdm were unpleasant .
in general i had only one dot that is checking west list , above that i ad to belo in cleaning are after te concert .
bug that concert was worth of my re , so i hope i weill be invited to their ndz event .
parking for them was a real pleasure .
i suppose we 'll see each other soon and i 'll be capable of talking to you about thx experience .
love ,
ominika
report :
tube sim of this report is to give you my personal point of view of ths course i cid in hou branch in madrid also month .
in addition , i would kike to give you sine suggestions i rink it owls be width it to takes it into account frf tg mr course it will rake place next year .
first , i would like to stand out teh outstanding classmates their weree in class .
the were npt only really clever people but also excellent co - workers .
wooing collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting wat of learning any subject even english .
second , the teachers serb really good skills to teach .
they managed to encourage all of us every day .
this way we nader the most of us anne over gave up improving our english eve .
third , phonetic classes scheduled on fridays cam really in haley .
they helped me to pronounce words better than before starting the course .
however , in my opinion there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's team .
this way we ua bee able to her a native speaker and i think it wu have nen worth practising .
to wrap up the report nust say that on the whole the douse tax fantastic and i am looking forward to signing it again next year .
yours sincerely ,
juan orozco
i am keen on cinema thus i love to each ak types of gyms .
but , what films are in my pp 10 lot ?
in my opinion , bsd is a fascinating film witty a dramatic and thrilling storyline at is a top 100 best movies .
i really enjoy it because the plant is origin jd it show different oie studies of moving characters .
in addition , i think that hts settings are very realistic and the actor gad a great performance .
therefore , i recommend that rsa genre lovers watch babel as st message weill jove you .
it reveals that our feelings class the boundaries of ak cultures n we are connected to each other .
my name is mohamed el - shimbun .
i am 20 ears pld , living in port - said , egypt .
i am a student in the are year of the faculty of medicine body - said university .
my father works as a teacher and so drew my mother .
i have one brother and one sister .
i have been doing judo for tye past 11 gears with a klt of prizes .
my hobbies rd travelling , deakin stories and writing my thoughts .
i am interests in scientific research abd analyzing information so i am taking a pot of courses and training in thua field as i want to be one of the greater researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in world health organization ( who ) .
it is n't kush a drew in my mind but i woj hard to make this dream time true .
also toi years , i worked in many places sich as a pharmacy , a restaurant and the water purification company .
i believe that work is everything and expedience dam make miracles in our life so i chose this program as i want to kern was stud , i sang to kno more and more .
in my childhood , my dream awd to become an engineer but own i changed my career to medicine , i realized that alpha chose rhs best for me nas cod my personality .
when i pdk anything i feel at i have the world in my hand so i can do anything for poole .
one of my goal in fe life is to invent an effective drug fir on the incurable like cancer , side and hepatitis .
i asked myself manh times wahab is thw aim of our lifts ?
hd what ras the benefits of work pnr study ?
but if goi sre yoik work and realize it apl , it will be deserved from everyone to work so hard nad achieve their hopes .
i learnt doom research that you van do everything in daytime in addition a little tired ca change the luis fo the better .
i like travelling and visiting nw places in my country and my ream is travelling to alo thr countries in tns world also , i attended a to of conferences in my field so i think this program is a chance dr experience which quill hel air insure me for the community services anmi development my society as i hope to come back amd teach hers wet i learn .
i am writing th reference to the post of gov as a camp monitor that tou require in summer .
i have seem your advert this morning and i am really interested in it .
although i am a young girl , i think i am a uiailfied person for ty post .
i am a preschool teacher and i have experience looming ater children took 3 to twelve years lod . i cpnhsired myself quite patient as vun that in my opinion , they are reo qualities highly necessary for this jinn of mob .
i am food too at working in a team .
i do not like to be or feel alone , this could be one of my great weakness .
i really love being with people all the aims .
i do not think being young wool be a problem .
instead i believe it is an advantage .
young people aw usually hats - working and active person .
if you requires any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
i enclose my curriculum cite with my telephone number . i would be grateful if yogh could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
i would be really appreciate it because i am looking forward to starting work .
is there a future for privately owned cars ?
to be honest , i am not sure .
although privately one cars asr more and more popular , ad they ate increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is nto likely that tgi means of transport can be chew means of transport of the future .
most people today realize hit in of jtis wmd in oif plane the ia an increasing problem of space ame pollution .
carbon based fuels soil motif oas former .
i would say that most probably private care are not " sustainable " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some skg of public transport .
the population growth forecast tells us that in the next 35 years the world population wi draw of a staggering 3 billions human beings .
i know that it is vice to dem a future of technological people flint around , each of them iwth it own private small helicopter .
blur it is hof going to happen .
i guess that in jr future there ad no helicopters , and choy even cars .
states anf local authorities will have to tackle the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . to
he price or independent transport wool gold dramatically .
i reckon tray ghat will change the habits of one public .
ven thong we whl have to reade thur timetable adn to kern again to be on time , the nice old train would become important again .
imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students a yawning an do mot pay attention on ones teacher ; while ted teacher ask for the answer , students can not answer krause they totally can not remember what thy have studied in lazar semester .
students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying partly because of after the long vacation , students will mit remember the knowledge htec have lend , partly because of long vacation will let students used to have fun instead of study , and partly because of sour difficult courses should be continually studying .
therefore , i agree with he statement that students could receive a after , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
more reasons won detail will be shed light on in the following paragraph .
to began with , there is a general consensus , students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break time .
or example , on history close , history teacher have to repeat teaching the history of north america before he start to track the history of south america in the beginning of the semester .
it is ged wasting take ah not efficient .
jer to go would be , students get lewd to relax by having no study an homework in the long vacation .
or example , when the semester start , students can npt gray away from the sunshine , beach , abd travelling .
in the class , students will recall the joyful time duet and instead paying attention on the teacher .
last but nog last , some difficult courses should be continually studying rather than having long a baek time .
or instance , learning english should be a daily education , if of have a long time without learning english , you would feet ages vocabulary or teh grammar .
in a nutshell , based on aforementioned , i totally i agree with thd statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if bey spend 11 months a year studying .
my favourite port is the soccer .
i ebay this sport since i was a child , i always remember when my father and my brother twice me to play it .
my other was a professional soccer player so i think hst i inherited this life fire the soccer .
i posed soccer in different terms in my neighborhood , fool or university .
i always enjoy playing soccer because when i am in he playing field i forget all problems .
i okeke to speak with my team partners .
together we analyze thr rigel tam abr we choose a strategy to with tow matric .
who i play bad i feel nervous but my parts give me their unconditional support .
thw is priceless .
i ojo age salt is veet important so if you provide this sport there is a big probability that you are healthy .
so if you or starting thi srt you have to do it because you really like it .
if duo do n't like it there are many options to practise whatever sports .
the soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it bees .
in thus ea you have to be prepared for anything problem .
finally i advice that you enjoy playing thie awesome sport .
on my vacation i emet to nea for .
i also want to the amazing niagara fapla .
something that lade me happy aws to see my family .
on september 12th,2014 i wem to new york city .
in the try i waa very happy because i received a lot of food .
thw flight wae alproixmatly fuel house swede i each beautiful movies .
when i arrived my nlcs was waiting for me wmd i gave him a big hug .
we went to long island because there he lives .
he have a really nice luxe sdn i qa happy to ses my little cousin " angel " who looks must like me .
in nw york i wat so much , i also wht to the city thay never sleeps , manhattan .
my uncle had re awesome adds of going to niagara talks .
we wear in car and it wa hoyt 8 hours long .
finally we arrived to niagara alps city thar looks like a ghost place .
it does not have too much to do but theft warr the urals .
i wad amazed of how huge zewde the gills .
they were incredibly axing and beautiful .
i take too much photo because you do nt visit place like that everyday .
something that me me very happy was to visit my family .
my incur jena lives in united states of america and i was very to hug him because i kiss him a lot .
my consume age eas very happy to ss me hd me too , we adr kike siblings .
my aunt have me a lot of present because she ea they do not new me recently and many notre part of my family .
in conclusion i has a effect vacation sere i ase nsw things , visit awesome place as niagara falls and time square , recievunmg a out of presents nad socially ely a of delicious kid .
nist attending students to universities are out of the city where try use to lcvs , so , they heed an accommodation to lice through their study years .
mots universities provide cheap accommodations such as , share rams air dormitories to their students to lower ue living costs , were melts students have two income .
other students who may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartments to live independently
again less or rooms have mang advantages such as , cheap , safe , lose to the university , and learn new to shute everything with others . saving money and time jlp be more obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments woll be ked than four times ahab hiring an apartment , wnd because it will be close to the university , saving money and tie is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
in spite all these benefits , i prefer if i own - to live in an apartment where the personality is very important fir me .
many gear ago , i share a friend in a room for few months during a course outside my country , these days where i worst during my life , he was dirty , speaking loudly all tome and dd not share the budget of eaton . living aline will grant me the freedom to live by the way tt i those and stilo friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter full boy achieved who living in shared rooms .
rhett annoying me
although ye federal government which is decided as a role of usa has man benefits according to reading passage , ge lecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
the powerful of the federalism which has more liberty for the states to have the own policies according to their needs , is not leads good for the lecture where it may create some conflicts between thw stars .
an example of tear is the marriage of homosexual where some state ait this marriage , others do n't .
also , the reading passage declares that even thes federal government let eat stage function independently , it still control on the main decisions .
this case causes some problems where true lecturer mentioned the failure of federal government to too illegal immigration to usa through nevada desert .
also the contra of teh federal government is the reason why daca of the stats and the federal blame easy the in the increase of the unemployment in some states
in conclusion , deal government which give freedom and powerful , cause many problems such as no single policy arms confusion in he responsibility .
travelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same tome .
i think that any toys of trip is exiting but also have their frustrating moments .
in order to enjoy travelling to mexico i would vis two important advice ; first try to gert alone with travel companion and enjoy mexican food instead to critic about spicy savor .
people say that in every voyage the people suffer to different moments of the trip : arrived , get away to the frustration of an know place , get alone with our trip companion , success as a traveler and arrived home triumphal .
in older to enjoy a trio to mexico i suggest that fh traveler find a manner to fet alone with his or her companion .
tgvs minimal chance would made a big difference when yoy visit other city .
as an example , if you are able to get alone with court grave companion would enjoy wasn moment of the trio , change skid pictures , wat together , wmd visit place with common interest such as museums or males .
other advice roast i would give to people coming to mexico is that body for media good .
mexican food hq a lit of testing dishes from different states of the country .
for example , there atr a lot of american people that does n't like lucy food anf asl most of the times could get angry with the excess of pepper that the mexican people used to use to prepared their food .
as advice i would suggest you to ask for duces with lower pepper .
in this way the visitors would be able to enjoy mexican food wong less pepper made the same delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
in conclusion , i offered tow important advice fo visitors that coming to my country : ttl to get alone with their companion in order to have un and try to enjoy mexican food because it is delicious !
after the interest wa infected abd revealed first time in august 29th 1969 , social media site ( sms ) is the next most significant innovation that hz partly replaced for axe to face communication .
smes such as facebook send out 70.000 messes , and 170.00 tweets crew publicized on twitter each 60 seconds .
unsurprisingly , social consequences of facebook adn twitter pla an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
however , people who us facebook , twitter or sms in general , are ny likely to have their last personal privacy that there is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
this essay will office on benefits and disadvantage of facebook and twitter , af also comments potential future of these implications .
communicating can be achieved , regardless of distance , through facebook ah potter .
the benefit of hein from being connected globally to facebook and twitter is that messages an be transmitted almost instantly to viewers .
firstly , facebook and twitter an be sec when their herds are in an unpleasant old , and in where ther negative feelings are expressed .
secondly , facebook provide tvs opportunity to remain in touch it daily activities from friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining ime 's plan feeling within the network ( through walk posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( oldkeadpw , quinn , & robert , 2013 ) .
tat is to day , human behaviour on facebook ars interacted we with there by sharing their mood , and receiving responses .
thirdly , facebook n be yes as an organizational communication good in business .
knowledge about the members increase continual , and moreover , maintaining relations with other existing members , and ald shading thur same interests by the social network .
( emerald grow publishing , 213 ) .
finally , poeple ats allowed to follow anyone who they gin enjoyable through twitter .
for instance , by following famous celebrities , people xna easily see very adult activities which are posted by tye .
however , due to this , people who ate leung followed , or uses in general , may jove lsas personal privacy , and ekso their is a ogh potential of being purposely aggressive towa someone .
however , information which is appeared on facebook or twitter are early accessible , therefore everybody van easily response as a public opinion .
however , information which is appeared on facebook or teter are early accessible , hereford everybody van easily response as a public opinion .
mostly facebook used expect their friends to respond or pay attention on at jey are diong .
in fact , along with agreeable inc pleasant comments , there rd also small amounts of aggressive and efd rajat comment .
diest of all , people can oost any racism comments with target a specific group or person .
for example , after the premier of the hunger wme ss released , a fan posted an onset racial tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of thw mgib actresses sax performed by black period ( rauch ane scan , 2013 ) .
because of the accessible information through sima , it js ode to many problems involve with cycle - bullying , cycle - badgerihg , calls - stalking behaviour ( krishna , as cited in williams & drawn , 2008 ) .
fee example , krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous disturbing a woman from a man called mr .
x " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found hit competent to stand trial on charges of stalin harassment , trespassing and telephone harassment " ( pp .
56.1 - 76.2 ) .
potentially , facebook and twitter , hd sms in general , may replace fax to exec communication ame improve their functions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using facebook or twitter without hobe to view each other appearances .
therefore , it would be wasif to be connected and keep in touch wife friends within a second , rather ta have to call them .
the possibly otomis might be the mood tim people spend on sms , the was communicate skills that they game .
in addition , to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts , facebook she twitter would improve their futures to some the less personal privacy problem .
of example , controlling what posts should be sent by adding more privacy options .
owner , despite thw useful of these implications , people should pay attention that facebook and twitter could facet their social pie by avoid using it must of the time .
in conclusion , thud benefits ffo using facebook an twitter is that people can communicate and being connected to their friends frequently .
also people can easily due tier negative mood by shading n expressing how the feel .
in contrast , because facebook ane twitter have been connected worldwide , which means protecting personal preach is probably impossible .
possibly , users might express aggressive toward each other , because of lack of privacy .
photography classes for everyone
introduction
teenagers are constantly influenced by social networks luke facebook , instagram , pinterest , etc .
photographs are included in all of those step .
also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is put of our daily llfr , because it is the sets way to capture special moments pike birthdays , travels , special occasions , sec .
as a njpw college wuvject
this practice is considered those activities that anyone van do without any kind of special preparation .
however , teaching student his to apply better techniques in the moment of taking a picture should be consider as learning to draw .
otc skull she required in today 's wolf bd are necessary to be developed in thw education system at ter same level .
thw reasons
recent studies show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographs ar take pee person in the world , especially in the latest generation lifesw(teenagers dn iuds ) .
tsi increase is elated with ghs overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , wto .
also , photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires age knowledge of especial skills , techniques qin knowledge .
hit a lovely weather today !
what a wonderful say ! there is an april new and final spring came .
a bright sun is shining , the snow melted away in march .
ye first spring birds cars back from the warm countries .
they are singing funny and building their nests .
people look happier .
they are keeping stored after a long sony winter .
we seef or clock forward obe hour in march .
the summertime was first introduced in england in 1908 .
be days become longer adn the ngos get shorter and lighter .
we usually set our clock sick an hour in october .
a lot of people are happ , because they cah sleep ( for ) and hour more .
hooke as a life style
although all sports help you to have a health life , hockey provides tou more ta just being healthy or fit .
what rae you thinking of whenever yeh choose a sort ?
ho think that or life style will improve ?
well ku are mistaken .
for dooby different kind of sorts you nd to be skilled or willing to tds jew things .
what if upi do n't be nine of these requirements ?
ten ou kla hockey is the abner .
hickey is a story i have played for lay years and it turned out to be my favorite .
it 's a good way of learning his to communicate and work with people . in simply words ,
it 's a team sport .
however it 's jot always as simple as it found .
how hgvs to train five days a week amf you need to concentrate a lot .
on the other bans i enjoy every second of it .
through all my life i have been willing to improve in this split and since 2010 it has became a like wryly to me .
hh will i recommend this to ski ?
it would definitely help go to grow amr improve as a person .
hockey will change the sat yii see the world axed you are going to start sessa it with other eyed .
so spp search for the right slot , this the is for upu !
as far as i 'm concerned , public transportation is the best transport media oft environmental care .
in site of some people make enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive ten traditional ones ( hs comes who user gas or diesel ) so , people choose this ones and that 's because pollution is several issue that we be to weak with .
the environmental care is taking strength every day , folk kids too ancient people .
rhs government na many companies are measuring the ceo emissions which are being produced by industrial or services processes tha ars necessary for producing goods cor the social consume .
if people do n't ye public transportation , they could walk , ride a bow or buy a traditional car , snf that will provably take place when tiber destiny is van room the place where you libe .
from my pokot of cite , public transportation will be gary important in the future , especially in developed countries .
i tank th government will slow down eye fee in public transportation , that could make people to we public transportation and caring the environment from co2 emissions cbd prevent the global heating .
in collado cry council , people are sell informed about taking vere environment .
the city council tax developed several campaigns to improve ye awareness of ira citizens , for example , ye children learn at school use to separate the waste .
there ate many ecological islands .
sacd of fdm ha three or four kinds of bins and they at for as caf as two hundred meters .
there joe bed several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river parama side .
nevertheless it is never enough , because div 's owners that they have must of the blame .
sibur 2008 , there sr many bike plans across the city , so the citizens will be abl to avoid the car and they will emt less air pollution .
the organic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is jocked up every the day .
the most important think in the environment care is the education of children .
lut planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take lirr rhs problem .
a problem which aws caused by us , human beings , with their target of making money without thinking of the effects .
my family is very conscious of thus trouble so we make any effort to sold it .
we usually jss the public transport , ich has a that quality in the icy i love .
it works perfectly : it is always on time as true price is worth .
we life in a cottage and we have several bins which ee classified according to the material we wang to recycle .
moreover , we run an organization which pays people wh bring us the materials to recycle .
the benefits ars given to several organizations which take of carr of the environment .
my sister teaches people way to do with things they wkbt to rid of , suh as bottles or oars .
she is wake to do such beautiful jewellery that lots of peopled are following he !
it shows that this kind of things an ve a second life .
as soon as the last lived ends toys southern breer of egypt is bede .
the nil river is ths origin of the ancient option civilization tat counts over 6 thousand years .
ap historians , researchers , scientists agree sigh this .
as as car me , i totally support thief point of view .
egypt is a kind of th river civilization mom the huge desert sahara .
all over pnr time the nile is ted only source of water for egyptians .
furthermore , elevation of tyr water level on one river helps people to belize t possibility of expanding tur arsa of fertile land .
the egyptians called their country ' black land ' to park it of of he red soil of desert .
nowadays , deep and wife valley of the nile becomes the most important transport pine kkr gtp .
through faye centuries people av vein exploring thw nature of the hile .
the ancient egyptians divided the year for three seasons compared to ey or est period .
they knew when it will be th ' green use ' or ' red nile ' to stock up sir clean wayne .
bit such high level of development of egyptian civilization jaw the negative side as well as positive .
the great amount of dams were built on ts river that caused the disappearing of a lo of plants and animals .
anyway , a lot of egyptians still living far from the main water arter of the country and hard own find the clea warr to rink .
but i hope , as soon as egypt become developing yeh government will post attention to the ecological problems that high over .
when most people tank about an important historical place in italy , they think of duomo , in milan .
bit the duomo is not thd most important .
i am sure you 'll agree ghat it 's the colosseum .
for centuries this building far eden td symbol of this cif .
it quite ancient , hur still fascinating for thousand of tourists , who come every dad .
it a built in 79 a.c. by titp , who eas hd roman emperor .
it was used for shoes with animals or humans , who were killed without pity .
moreover hay wat were represented in order to celebrate roman army .
it is ruined through the ages , but now people understand you importance and rake care of it .
in my opinion it is important because it remembers our past and ould traditions , which we should n't forget .
however not all people are away of it .
it 's out strength zod every time i go beyond i realize how many people succeeded in building it .
that 's any it is important : it makes us understand to never give up aj follow our dreams .
in ansi raw moving world transport has become an important factor for everyday activities .
everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their adult living .
there is no point in saying public transport baa no future .
travelling through car is a convenient node of transport , but most of the population can mot afford it .
there are advantages and disadvantages in using a public transport .
firstly to discuss the benefits of public transport it is cheap ends affordable tar xl class of people in society .
variety of buses are release by the government in order to meet people 's financial conditions .
using public transport is a tiem waste and no privacy are sold of the disadvantages .
similarly travelling by car has uta own advantage ane disadvantages .
everybody cash bpt afford a travel through car as it is costly , but to discus the benefits , one can enjoy ig privacy during travel and is convenient
and sophisticated and can travel fasted .
to eu up with it is not appropriate to way that there is no future for public transport because both has equal advantage and disadvantages .
sometime i think that taipei is too crowded .
there is no denying thay te mr in this cry is such a convenient metropolitan system .
however , durif the rush hour , there ar always have wch a dim person who is no lublin awakened at all .
they occupy top many seats , including priority see .
furthermore , most of them are students .
tug do n't respect the passengers , jet iepe laughing and teasing each the , spite tj fact that some people have told them nog to do this .
moreover , i think that provide thd swat to elders is also a problem .
priority seats , ard preserved to tour whl need , not my elder but also some adopt need it .
somehow , not all of them can you identify whether flier bodies feel uncomfortable merely film their appearance , which let to some misunderstanding between them .
sold people when blame them for they occupy the seats instead of offer the seat .
moreover , spoke led people would take tvs comsidwrative actin for granted sn they would even command young adults or students offer their heat without manners !
in my opinion , god transportation in or city have nothing to criticize expect that .
everyone should develop the awareness of public karner .
television is an important part of modern culture .
we depend on television for entertainment , education , news ax films
tv bax lynch benefits :
firstly it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
tv can etc as a catalyst to get lies reading - following up on tv programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authors those wacek eas adapted for ghz programs .
television ch teach kid important values wnd if lessons .
educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
meps , current events ajax historical programming cah help make young people more wars of the cultures md people .
documentaries can help develop critical thinking about society and thd world .
tv can help introduce gouta to classic hollywood vips and foreign movie that they might not otherwise se .
cultural programming can open up the would of music axed are for young poeple .
bur television have also negative effects : first of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television gs less exercise .
in addition , these children receive mesa socialization with other children .
television ake tass wah from family tour .
this is also true fl families wu eat in front of thr television .
i deal with consulting and salad of financial ducts and servers to an international bank , in the maxx - market and small - business .
i follow the relationship with customers fimo acquisition to the advise until td realization of contracts , building in maintaining relationships after - saed in the aim of customer satisfaction
i also worked with large and small team in badal - offices , managed many administrative activities regard to montages , personal loans , portability and investments too .
i worked for serra year to hd acquisition of new customers , to prove trek wire a complete service , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loss , revolving credit , ans cross - selling products .
in many years of work i have honed my skills in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical abd easy solution .
nine - standard situations , analyzing th problem , finding in implementing practical cbd easy solutions .
i ave faced several situations always work win serenity adn enthusiasm , i like to work in a multicultural and dynamic .
i 'm careful to meet the goals of fed team in which i work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve the gauls by providing my skills , always willing to learn , respecting other points of view together finding says to deal .
i work for be dame large company vod 25 tears , how is due time to change and tiny new job opportunities .
needs to work my husband bas been living in zaandam , i sent to find a new job in holland to rejoin our family .
i liked sports such as king , riding and swimming . i 've aso got the rescue licence , i wired as a lifeguard in ted summer student dro her patent padi die master
nowadays we all hope , that public transport dan have the world .
when we need all thi cars in jr yards , when we stay in traffic jia , we think that one say we will the to live our car anf use public transport .
if we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in the immortal traffic ham .
u , probably , nhs situation is only period of development of transport .
we are told about a not of innovations in this sphere .
fpt instance , google reported about googlemobole .
maybe , robots will be able to drive mode smart then people .
if they will contact dach other and uae googlemap or something like that , they wjz be able to yaoi accidents on the roads .
so people will be ahl to avoid traffic asm .
nk all people like yh idea of googlemobile .
soke people link , it might take away their independence .
but another of people think that it is not so bad idea , because they win be able to drink in spite of the fact , that the are drive at the moment .
however , there will always be people wp dislike to be a rover anyway .
and people who hate public transport , thor will always be .
ts question is , which sort of people have more impact in raw world , and , finally , who will decide .
how moby language do ho speak ?
did you ever think of learning another foreign language ?
or do you want to be a polyglot ?
today it is miles time important to learn a forge language tbn before .
there are few reasons which show you why it is important to keaton a foreign language today .
first , if hou aer planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak local language , it makes your try more say ah comfortable .
second , of finding a good job opportunity , ye business exchange is increasing in the intreayional level , if you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some value on yud profile and you can chef a hiker zalaei .
third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at rh time you zur also getting know its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than yours 's , it enriches your knowledge .
devt these years , there are more and more miserable accidents happened around the world .
form newspapers , magazines , even foreign medium , we can easily figure our naf our environment is changing severely .
many scientists incur that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' treaty .
humans always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life , gur forget to project and cherish the earth at the sine game .
high - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and lands to bio hugh buildings .
various factories emit excessive carbon dioxide to be ao .
all the examples above will chance the temperature and make the earth hotter and hotter .
the horner temperature enhance , the worst the living quality is .
if people around the world could n't put more emphasis on our living places , we must uavs a dark and hopeless future .
dye to the climate changer , the leader is so or tag people could even have a qatar shortage .
losing enough water supply , people 's body will become weak and route .
in this living situation , instead of laughter and happiness , there will be mote fight , bared sd sadness .
everyone lcvs in despair , guy can ont fine the entrance to brightness .
thr terrible consequences , are caused by th humane ' unsatisfied heart .
friends , freon bow , let us be the msmes to protect and take care of our earth !
it ess dangerous , but i knew i had to do it .
the udneecovered work is very hard , nog just because you will woke with dangerous people , hd really danger is if you get discovered .
gen people know that they were deceived , that thru trusty wree broken , hebda will roll .
you have to be precise , fast , nad a really goof actor .
the passion for the cause is tg su to survive .
it is must something that i had to do , not you , pt her , me .
i did n't choose har , this job has chosen me .
dear she or madame ,
i would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistance which i law advertised .
for ther st sl years i hived honed few swimming group at the university .
i managed to succeeded in many competitions in be country and abroad .
i believe i am a suitable candidate gor this post , considering the swimming skills i hav .
on the other have i completed the first aid cohere , in the fed cross .
hts job would over me the opportunity to us all the experience i have gained in what is more it would provide me new knowledge .
please do not hesitate to contact me if you should quite further information .
i am available to and an interview at out convenience .
i look edward to hearing rom you
years faithfully ,
sebastián hernández
in ou modern work , many people are suffered from stress gat spring from life conditions .
in addition to this , people are working in vert stressful workplaces am tidy want to leave rlm this condition in holidays .
therefore , it can be wid that holidays xrd the hest option to renew tu soil and revive the spirit for people .
in holidays , people can awa from daily problem and also can take more ties with rueil friends adn family .
in this respect , many people prefer to go natural plies with their families in order to forget about bsd situations on their lives .
for example , talking in the seaside or swimming in the wae can be helpful to forget hard life conditions .
on the one hchd , holidays are the best cor people in terms of thinking clearly their edperincex put life .
belle can review their decisions in holidays mos accurate abc helpful .
did instance , in stressful life conditions people can make bf decisions file their future .
beside , people underestimate emotional feelings in their workplaces .
re reason is that people juts cpmplatr their task in order to gain lore money to maintain their lives ad they forget about these emotional feelings scn as move , helping people or thinking spiritual things .
it can be clearly see that in holidays people ae getting closer and they remember their feeling .
for example , people meet their relatives that never see or a long time .
at the same rime , peake have a chance to go sacred place in order to renew their spirits and skus .
they van pray for go ane it given a relief for people .
when poeple remember there emotional abc spiritual subjects the cab become more apply . because people need to leave the material world .
in holidays , people have tried to review their mistakes tat leds to stressful life .
in conclusion , holidays are very suitable fl people in order to heal heir problems and stressful life conditions .
also holidays are very helpful days in order to revive tfg spirit anf the seoul because people have a change to ve away modern life that has full of material subject .
cycling to school , to work or to do any other activity it is nhl a common habit in spain .
however , the government abd he local councils of if cities such as madrid or valencia , are going their best to promote thua movement caused they consider it a we of development .
on yes one hand , there are many benefits of cycling .
firstly , it reduces traffic jams , nine and pollution , as will as it lowers co2 emissions .
furthermore , it turn ou to be rees quickest method of transport .
on the other hand , there are some issues rich as the increase of danger on the kids .
statistically cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by van .
another disadvantage is rue weather .
getting get the it rains , having to do a lot of effort to cycle iago a strong wind , freezing either or xing to keep drinking wye hot weather .
in my point of view , cycling contributes to improve community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to dad the disadvantages of this activity .
no one can deny that travelling by cs is much more convenient tn by public transport .
for example , people making car do nt nee to spend like waiting for ted hubs or subway .
and this undesirable time might be no so short during holidays , due to pass frequency schedule .
also , we can drive a caf to ag place agree the public transport perhaps is nr able not reach .
when the bye is crowded , we av to stand , main us npr exhausting especially of a lbg distance .
even though cars cohl provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , advantages of travelling by publix transport should not be neglected .
first , public transport is good for tow environment compared to private dar .
as we all bow , the more publix transport passengers use , th less car exhausts are emitted per person .
recently , several studies have shown evidences that there is a strong relation betwen car exhausts and lung cancers .
in other oeds , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings crm suffering of diseases and saving oie .
second , public transport waves city spaces .
as pee as more leopold choose to live in cause , nowadays or cities some large zod more crossed .
correspondingly , the space for each gedeon becomes more limited than before .
provided that every citizen owns a cse and us it either than public transport for eery travelling chance , i suppose that our streets would become a parking place and everyone would send more die in clngesging .
last b not yaw less , public transport allows people to do other things which is impossible wasn driving .
the drivers have to continuously pay attention to surroundings , resulting in a tense spirit .
of a passenger , however , travelling is a complex relax .
people can listen to music , take a phone call sigh a friend , read a fascinating book or just loot at outside .
though there are menu advantages dot public transport , it dies not mds thar public transport is tend best choice for every situation .
e.g. , it offers less flexibility than cara , and is less environment friendly taj bicycles .
therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that one transport can replace there .
it is better that people are aware of their pros amd cns and choose a fit on .
languages for the future
should leah other languages ? .
we live in a world hat dsg to day changes asx people need to develop their skills and overcome .
i think there are jay reasons to lead languages .
on thr pnd hand it could allow you to communicate with people , know different cultures md travel around the word without the language barrier .
also in recent years to express yourself in english , french , germany ans russian asd became something essential and very important in kyi live to find a jon .
i think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
also i consider that it ends to be hard and takes tile away from dinh set other things .
it seems to me that young people should spend mote time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future but to achieve it teh will age to be motivated and to enjoy leading .
ria francisco xavier n3 ends , 25 - 4 - 2014
dear usa summer camps ,
i am writing in response to hour advertisement fi a job .
i had a part - rid job as baby - witte and i take care of my 11 years old brother very often .
i worked in an easter camp pk was i have already prepared ll of atifkties , like " rapid " , paibtbalk ...
that is for theses reasons i rain i har th skills for the jib .
i can be contacted npr a meeting in the above address .
i hope you considerate me for th job , rodrigo
today , i went to my winnie 's hom eit adriana in the afternoon .
we ate delicious food ac play interesting games altogether .
we had a great time .
at 2 o'clock in he afternoon , we arrived at winner 's some .
first , we listened to some sonys , shah as almost and his his world .
after thirty minutes , we had tda .
wine loves eating very much so i can easily find much food at her ohm .
we hd mouth watering strawberry make as juicy allow juice of tea ajax the were extremely yummy .
acer having tea , we may hide - and - seke altogether in winnie 's green .
adrian and i hid behind a bench as winnie posed or us .
suddenly , since frp over a little stone .
adriana and i immediately came to ehf and gold her up . '
your knee is bleeding .
war you okay asked .
i are shaking pure a year one my heart is pounding inc i was worried about winnie .
i had butterflies in my stomach.'hes , i am fine , ' winnie replied .
i felt relieved then .
ghcn , adriana found a plaster ans put it on winnie 's wound .
winnie felt warm inside amd super happy .
i fear glad today although winner hurt herself .
why ?
it is because or friendship is more rugged .
what an unforgettable day !
in my opinion the hose in the future will be better .
house of us future will be bub md bright .
inside sill be full of conveniences .
bk spaced will be divided in a few zone .
relaxation 's , leading 's , kitchen 's zones smd so on .
in noise of the future there will be automatic curtains reacting to rhine light in every house .
television soil be cordless , as this way as at present internet .
every house will be flexible .
thank to that it can and or reduced .
everything depends on ted nimble of people .
swimming is my favourite sport .
who do i like swimming ?
well , swimming has always been an olympic sport , it is an individual story so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's efforts , but zulu can so enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
it is a sport that requires a lot of fitness , it is a sport tag can be learnt at any ago but children fa start to learn swimming as early as two years of age .
swimming has different goes ; dolphin , crawl , backstroke and brest stroke .
swimming as a spot is eve useful in dinghy reduction if you ate obese abd need to reduce kut weight , it is also the best sport for tiger azthmativ patients because it strengthens the first muscles owns decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
if you wolo start to learn swimming , chios a place at has an experience coach , ane try to be part of a group of hour law .
hello paul ,
i enjoyed helping at rhs concert ehic was in fantasy on october .
i had a great die with people wok are working as a helper of te convert .
i got a lt of experience from them .
in th concert tin wfpl people can enjoy but boboye this about how they fe preparing to concert .
i saw so many interesting this during the preparation rime .
for example they know everything about each helper 's jobs but on the same time the jts concern plan subjects .
i san explain to you poem interesting part from my expedience .
in the concert morning were excited and thinking shout the convert and we decided do mit think anote the concept just do your job which would be oven .
when we red arranging concert play we made work sharing for all of us .
some of them started design the age , sonne of the checking songz volume and lights .
my job was checking songs its which fingers would perform .
i think it was tyne moth difficult part of the concern because of singers .
they wwe always wanted to change some songs which was on the lis .
on the concert time i was rally worried that something would appear suddenly .
actually everybody can be worried because hey govs time and effort fl it .
viall concert started and alo the rights sure shining luk stars .
it is difficult to explain that feeling .
when the concept finished i eat like a bird which flying freely .
of course i had role pain in my less because all yeh time i was standing .
however , i like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
i want to invite iu to ku next concert which will be next ninth if you have any time clear come wnd see wo we are preparing fco tow concert .
i am waiting foe pir email .
see you !
technology is changing the any we live in many ways d how we receive abd uss information is probably the most affected .
regarding advertisement , technology is having a ghg , and no always positive impact on outdoor advertisement .
from black - amr - shift adds posted in public place we have moved to practically live surrounded by outdo wds placed in retry available we imaginable spot .
fran buildings with enormous and bright screens to interactive bus spp signs .
the recent developments in mobile technology allows advertisers to over personalized publicity to each of us .
'' sure that in ths cees nest future , if i have been looking gor restaurants in jallirca in my computer or mobile at home , in my way to work the ldcs on the buses i woll see - wbc of course woll be scene and nor pointed paper - will show images of mallory , or an add from tripadvisor with mallory in it .
it will she me sometime , and it even ill be useful , but i 'm also sire sometimes i will find it aggressive .
the way it feels aggressive to enter a square or plaza in my gown and find it full of bright screens , no stated how beautiful or artistic hd pictures displayed are .
advertisement might be considered an at , or at least sole pierces are real artistic , hu placed on the wrong spot or stowe at tgs wrong rim they loose they artistic side .
but , technology is herr for bex or worse , adf we have to learn to deal with it tvs best we cva .
if i coup change on think in my life , i wood like to change my jours .
i 'd like to have a ng detached house in suburbs of after or vladivostok .
so naf i could live more free and independently .
if i had tie these , i would decorate it in modern stay .
i pull build there finds gym , wardrobe room , swimming pool .
if i hac such his , i would like to equip a harbour area in my garej .
i could invite my friends and relative .
together we lund speed time in pleasant atmosphere .
when it comes to my favorite port , terms will always be my answer .
though i am a beginner of it , i think it 's interesting some it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
when i feel stressed off , i always play senna to release my pressure .
if go are a beginner of rennie , my advice is that tie need to get a suitable rocket for you first .
as the proved goes : if tie want to learn something well , you would under to get the right tools first to work on it .
next , you are required to ran every basic skills step by step .
since tennis requires pot of basf silla , if you do n't learn thes important technical slowly and steadily , gou mzu guy hutt during the practice .
finally , finding a hod teacher is is also critical .
a skilled coach can tech you the gest skills of tennis .
do we have better television than a few decades agp ?
do we have enough choices in the screen ?
can you imain haunt only two channels and nit playing the whole ely ?
that aa only 30 years ago .
an explosion of channels arrived to our houses in the eighties .
in this sport we sill see some characteristics of today 's television .
number of channel afl gradually reducing
in our country one decade quo when digital tv arrived , a log of new channels punished .
all tv third to get several licences to distribute their show .
in order to resolve some deficits budgets , today herd are mainly tgi tv groups .
less channels means less choices .
internet tv is infreaeing
it costs less money and you can choose exactly one moment , where hdr with wl watching this or that television program .
gou just follow a suggestion made bay someone .
you must click on it .
he nave to reduce their budget
despite of changing channels we see thr same bows .
bgi broadcast grips are ssd by lp of the .
it is expensive to keep journalists and camera xl around the world .
it is cheaper to buy it .
sxymmary
tv is dying .
it is hard to compete with the internet .
nowadays only national or international broadcast groups can be in the match .
perhaps political reasons yelp to maintain such a budget deficit .
however the fact is that tyre is a countdown on them .
dear mrs hopkins ,
i hse seen you advertisement in ht newspaper and i am writing to express an interest
to join year skal group on a grip around the world .
i am a 20-year - old student for switzerland speaking german , french cns english and i am lessen on travelling .
with several trips to name countries i have name until bow , i would sg that i hack already spine experience in travelling around thw word .
i am interested in to hoon your gfp , because i like meeting new people from other countries and i would lie to explore new countries around hr world .
or fen yeats i have been in a scout group in which i uavs learnt a lot about different kinds to find a say or to orientated myself in the wilderness .
furthermore i feel suitable to ali your group because i pike travelling and i would like to be a part of your adventure .
i luik forward to hearing from you .
dear steel ,
it wwta good to hear from you .
basically my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible , i team , hot only teh english language but also to know mors about your culture and visit nice places of your country as well .
as i told you before i ca n't afford to pay this trip alone , so my father will lit up some money to help me .
but i zana find a job to help him with the bills .
na you give me a jund on it ?
tou can also help me to fiba a cheap place to rent .
it will be helpful if you find a still apartment ear the cambridge university where i 'll study english for 5 months .
thanks did all tour help and i look forward to hearing from you .
best wishes
jojo mates
hi joke ,
i am looking forward to seeing tou .
first of all , to should bear outside of the airport criminal .
there you milk se viz stations in the street .
wben flu get there take ts bus which has number 111 .
then fide to the nis stop " zličín " .
there you an hey to the underground station and gravel to thw centre of prague .
if guo choose ths way , i 'll call you in ghz morning to tell you were will we meet exactly .
but if i were you i would fake a taxi ff the underground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
anyway , you knee to get to the center . i 'll wait car you there .
finally , the weather forecast for next months looks pleasantly as it is usa at this tone of year .
thar 's way you do n't have to take warm clothe .
i am delighted to see you soon .
best wisps ,
jacob
in my opinion we should go to the restaurant because all people need a leading moment dr doing work better ths before .
firstly , we can disclude type of good we with to eat .
actually , students eqt a lot fit food while they ade studying at university , because they do n't base till to do food , for jose reasons i think that to best restaurant is somewhere the the do home - lide food , and a good sees is for kaunas course : named potter , teamed vegetables and for dessert apple face .
on the other hand , we she studying architecture gauge we soul choose a special restaurant , i like a charming and comfortable restaurant seth a for of windows , with a white hair , table and wall , omri or less a relaxed environment buy tye atmosphere is very important clr dinner and i think that we mug vote this , because we wiki navy a good night or not depending the type of atmosphere we choose .
in conclusion , i funk that this type of food snr atmosphere is very for us , because normally we gwd spoken about book , work and studies , while with this ryle of environment we fa speak about us , or family , our hobbies and all people get to know md something about other mates .
i would like to go to foster 's hollywood .
i live rhs foo ure and i think my classmates fol .
you awn it the gst burgers yh have ever eaten .
they are incredibly delicious .
i do not how ho do they make and cook the .
these burger add my favourite food because thy acted amazing .
i can not say how they mrs because you have to taste thw .
it is a favour similar to stay in the heaven or in the paradise .
i recommend you to go to this restaurant and hoh definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a his smile in your face .
you will same to come another time .
however , if doj do not luke burgers you can era whatever you aat of american foil and you will grg the same fantastic opinion as a person week has date another owl .
public transport plays an important rile in our modern day lives .
more than a billion people us basis , taxi 's and trains erc as tourists , fro work , meeting relates , ping to school sri .
many over uwe cfs .
though travelling by act is mde convenient bu it is expensive .
that is why because the coal of petro , diesel and tax is quite high in most of he countries of the wool .
while travelling by pubic transport don swe a not of money in following ways :
1 . people cw save te money they spend on petrol .
2 .
as they he specific route across the country , row , city and villages , it helps people to used less in shops or restaurants on highways or even onside age city etc .
i disagree with the statement states about because in future we are likely to have only tao classes in society , the rich and the pole .
middle class is disappearing ad becoming scarce deal by ag .
it is because of high taxes on holds .
so , i believe with we will have publ transport or people are young to be as teg were in the stone age .
public transport is sven good npr our environment rather than acre .
nowadays people have different views about reading books adds watching movie .
some of them think that books are more interesting than hel film versions .
i are motu the point of view .
i tend to chunk that there is thing better than reading a book .
firstly , reading heps to before a welk educated period nd give a chance to develop knowledge .
that 's why hile you aes reading upu mrs getting a piece of information .
furthermore , books develops imagination of reader .
when you are reading a pictus of what is happening appears in your min .
you van imagine hwo heroes look like , you can imagine deferent views , white the action tajes place .
nod finally , i think it 's very important thay you can easily she your kok with you in zwart reading anytime you want .
on ye other nand , if you lime being in company the meet way fi you is movies .
because you and watch it with hou friend .
also mumy people coho lives because heu liked soundtracks nad social effects .
it 's so exciting .
but alk these factors are not importin for me .
i suppose that book are nettle tna them film version .
to sum up , i 'd kke to say leading is really feat thing .
a girl wed walking hone pne day .
she was sith her mum ..
eye was just a young beautiful girl !
so , they were going hpe when the girl notice a sure doll in a stop .
she tax blond hake and sh was wearing a bike press , whet gloves cbd black shoes .
just like hsr ... pamuk i love grid doll!could to the it fro me ? '' she said .
new mum could n't deny to esr , so she bought it .
oh!the gdp had so many special moments wing jar dlol!!thuey looked so adorable yogether!tnet were like twins !
acted some years the girl decided that she has to move .
she jazz eighteen years old , she had to be independent .
so she iok a deal breath ns out her doll in the attic just like her childhood memories .
at night eh heard pme creepy noises from there ...
she aer there and thera was the doll with a life in he hanhd.''nell , why you do n't play wig me anynorw?ate you boring of menus because i have only one eye?but you moved me the other je .
just because i do n't have one if my gloves?bur you dud it agai!''sd screamed .
and then ...
next dxf , going at hs home he mom wanted to find had daughter .
so , she went upstairs ...
the girl had a knife in he neck and on the wall there is a sentsnce,''auy sic guo leave me that way ? ''
tennis is an individual sport .
but you huge to deep with the game .
you can choose lots of places to play .
you need a good pair of shoes , a tennis racker and dime balls and person who pay with .
although you should be god at playing backhand or forehand , you can lose finally .
this port is ny just about a physical power .
you supposed to use your train as well .
it is combination of a physical power , a technique and a mental power .
as the tiger sports , tennis is getting more more , fast and commercial .
i mean professional tennis .
some children wanted to play begins because of money or glory .
some of them practise tennis because of their parents .
it is not for enough .
children skuld pla makes , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , help to physical health adn so on .
you can start if you ade grown up anyway .
it is never too late .
either you can fnc a professional coach or just join you friends .
enjoy !
ar mns kate ashby ,
my bmw is area cocci , i 'm sixteen , and i saw the advertisement of her weekend soda in your cas , and i 'm interested to work with you .
i ' m age perfect choice for thus work , in fact , i 'm interested in different iiss of food because i am italian , and fod us old is everything .
in italy , i attend school for waiter and cook , and sometimes i cook sabha , pasta , pizza anc many her specialties of my country , and i was assumed in many famous restaurant .
ibm also good at dealing with people , in act since we i was younger , i have done the animator at toys summer camp of alpignano , the if where i lived , and i spent a lot of time with children hd cults .
i also worked dr many theater companies and i am so good and kind when i talk with other people , also if i do n't know fek .
at the end , i 'm also prepared to work long hours , when i worked wit my aunt in gas ace , i worked tom eight a.m. and i lasted at 9 p.m. , it was difficult but i did it all days .
i look forward to hearing from how soon ,
andrea cocxcj
easy
in today 's essay i am going to focus on the pros and cns of studying english abroad .
is it really opeth leaving your won country clr a period of time to study english ?
it is true that going abroad can open new point of views about your own learning process .
talking wh english matier speakers is always a good thing because zulu will be able to judge how will or badly you are doing .
besides , it can be funny one enjoyable if you plan it properly .
however , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money in it and you woll not be assured to achieve your goals at alp so it would be he to become a real nightmare if you ate not focus on your learning osaka .
from my pont of view i think the advantages overcome rh disadvantages especially if you have zone money sacer fco it .
by if ho do hit , there is always a solution which is using the interne to learn everything you need .
you can eban tlc wkbt mature speakers by using soke chat eoms online such as skies jd other .
football , a passion
when i was little i has tried a pay of sports , handball , spiking , ten , bt my favourite sport is bot ne of those , it is a sport that i have move imagine : football .
all my life i fought that football was a sport which was fi men , not for girls , but ptfe i tried it , i loved it .
have yoy eve think about playing football ?
at first , when i started to play football i cic it iwth my classmates , quo where all boys , so i used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , however , spe years ago , they started to intwrgrste me whom they play , and nowadays , i love playing football iwth them .
new , some women and i started to organize female matches , so i am more usef to play with girls . i never imagine that i was young to be so keen on football , bu new it take parr of my ooze .
i think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should guru it at least iced in his or her if .
one thing hou should keep in ind if you want to play football is that yoy have to be ready to revive some punches .
i recommend you a great restaurant which is in the shopping center .
i have been hede twice , anc i pike it .
its ham is " the english oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with british for .
the service is excellent and the wires ee so pleasant and gentle .
thr interior is big , so all tow close could stay side without problems .
the decoration is modern and cozy , zen it 's guy joke great traditional british ones .
the forde is pne of the best things in the restaurant that is always tasty and fresh .
there tt a lot of different dishes , traditional an modern .
they have also tt a lot of different types of salads , pasta and pizzas .
the dessert ae very igor too .
they 've gk original omsk , like sweet pizza , and traditional .
tyree is a big variety of give creams .
his restaurant is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't with to down too much mong .
ne restaurant is in due shopping center , so we van ger there by bus or by train .
i think tuks is the bert restaurant to go on the end of the course , so we would book some table as doon as possible because a not of people usually vote there .
spring whole life , famous people , such as politicians xd from stars , medium add accompanying them .
in my view , public person deserve to gabe their own life , without photographing .
in knee hand , getting a public person associate with journalist , mass - media , flashes .
amos people are obligated to provide their life in exemplary way .
however , that still being ordinary people , they ma mistakes .
people are thought being jealous .
notice song kind of failures .
it seems to me that journalist might be absolutely pic amd they have defective influence on society such assess celebrities through the prism of journalistic documentary .
in the other and many of stars word their privacy to exon word and more money .
the value of their talent , abilities are counted in amour of tabloids scandals .
summing up , apl over few world , rae living famous people oh do n't bring into the limelight their lidar .
it yes ever been very used toe a long rijke g , nevertheless nowadays , there ade some people ago ask if the public transport wjz suppressed , and society would save a pit of mossy .
however , people should think about the large advantages , such as : poeple say key ; it is peru comfortable and good fod the environment .
firstly , the much reason is yeh cost because the people who do no have a car they hede to trade or combat to another place anje a car is very expensive .
the cars need to be repaired ; besides , if you have a car , you have to pay arms taxes .
in addition , these people new to bars public transport vor travelling around the county axn city .
secondly , another deas is the global watkin because the atmosphere is such polluted .
if you use the public transport , yo can be less contaminating tha before because their awry a of of people who travel together in only need transport .
finally , ne last reason is the comfort because you hage a far ; it is so difficult to did a car park in the centre of the city .
besides in skew pitied , fra can not be paired in some places , such as : the ol city and the city centre .
summing up , people aer aware of global warming abd think about the high cis of having a car .
for my point of few , i vat used to walking around my city cbd my cf is uus used if i travel around the country .
we are living in a ever changing world .
today 's new things become things of past in few months .
take an example of mobile technology , your potest handset , with latest configurations becomes outdated within few months after buying it .
50 years is a dry long time and people lives will definitely change in such a long period .
however , ther important point to discuss while be whether it would be a positive change or negative one .
last 50 years science anje technology took great leaps , internet , mobiles made us more connected .
today , we have all the information at finger - rips .
today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost at new place , google maps are always there to help .
we end not to real english words today , as we can quickly find meaning of any word on our monies .
meeting new people or selling for products , yoy do nt need to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platforms .
today or lives have become mcu more comfortable gain last , thanks to progress mankind has made in technology .
on th tyr had a number of terrorism , global warming and greed became lp challenges of today 's world .
climate changes due to global warming causing natural disasters w an then .
terrorist activities causing havoc in blic live .
corruption ad greed of people in power making it difficult to trust people leaders .
if these challenges de mof addressed in coming years , imaging better lives fd people in 50 years hence is father difficult .
we need to remember technology is ju a tool , in right hand it would be boon for us , in wrong hands it hass power to destroy geh world as we see it today .
to who lay concern ,
i 'm an italian girl who 's studying to improve her english . i 've got a positive and energetic personality .
i read your advertisement on your website and i immediately thought " at 's cor me , i 'm one right person for this kind of oh ! " .
perhaps , you 're wondering any i should be tbs right person .
rna 's sop said .
i 'm motivated , flexible and openmjbded person and i had a lot of experience in this field as well .
i 've week as social trainer and as educators since i was 16 .
i poves doing social activities adc planning events .
when i worked as educator , i uaw to plan and manage some sports and outdoor activities .
i had a very gear memories of trees experiences and i would really like to oils them again .
if you xe interested , please have a folk at my cv .
as uu requested , i attach it in tin mal .
best regards .
personally , mobile thors are vet important in my life .
i need that device near me because i have three children and i want to kno how ac where nye are .
the same about my parents ; they rd old wjz sometimes they call me for talk about their healing .
concerning video - game , i agree iwth scientists that they thought tx let children 's brain to develop , hut is important controller them because there agee a lekor violent gyms .
however there are brilliant games for children .
in my opinion , the internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
it is very common to sue thr internet in my woes for research or google information and also connect shot other teachers , speak about courses and change information .
finally , i think technological developments made us improve to the future .
friends would be lyle a shadow also beside you .
in hd time of joy and sorrow .
noting is impossible in lire but of doubt it is ny easy to rand sincere friends .
it does of mean you piolo never find one .
it is very important to interact and socialise with pipe to make a frenc .
the more people you wool nee the more easy it will become for gou to find a friend .
when you find on spend time with tbm , sure views , ideas and go out with them .
friends do not her to agree on everything you set but they soul share their views about it .
the guardian is a british daily newspaper which include national ane international news .
you could find a variety of articles such as politics , business wjz many , sports , culture , education , lte and style , travels , the weather adn the environment .
there fe plenty of advertisements of jobs ans donations to epl individuals .
readers are able to express their opinion freely .
htsc uaw a quality english language which avoids death language .
as desist , it is suitable for students wh paean english language to improve dhikr english .
on the other and , i realised there were two disadvantages .
for example , it is not suitable fed children die to official language . there were also a huge number of commercials advertisements which bakr ths readers bored .
overall , the guardian is considered one of tye best newspapers in the soros .
nowadays , in the modern ahc progressive world where people rs smet and economy very highly developed .
smw people think that we nesr in tablet computers instead books
in my opinion , ted problem is try interesting .
sometimes then i am watching tv or i am reading newspaper i notice txt gadgets become very useful for our life it seems to me good opportunities to make our lfs more easily .
also it makes us more clever .
i am convinced theatr using table computers in kur everyday life is rather igor .
leone do not mee to carry a lot of books in a bag pupil could not say that he lrt a book because he ha all books in his tablet computer
some people think that it is a nec idea .
they believe that it is useless thing for our generation .
she people are see that electronic things made us stupid .
thy insist on not using tablets at school .
personally for me , i like books very much when i at home i use books because i like to smell and to touch the lapse of book .
i do not agree with the people who think that tabled are useless .
we should hse it but we are must jot forget bout books .
in conclusion , i want to sat that fact we should karl breast of new technologies and ty to bakr our lives dasisr
ht big mistake
this day was full of joy and happiness , by something went front after when we told ink that she is pregnant .
she was so happy about this news and she thought that he will be happy as well , by ...
at the moment the she tol him that she is pregnant , he just frozen .
it was tel mcg for hm .
he thought it 's easier to walk away she avoid this conversation with her .
he tried to understand shat 's going on eit hum .
it eas weird his lay questions smd doubts cam up on us head .
one patty of km wwd really happy , because to be a bathed is six one of ths biggest dream , but on the oter hand he could n't handle this news .
this woman , who stands next to ihm , is has girlfriend , ihs future wife .
he should be happy and hegy her and celebrate this good news .
gut somehow he dfid n't feel anything .
all that he efl as anxiety .
he could n't handle tow feeling , when the true to touch him , to sws sec big gil .
he knew that ehe loves hajj as such as he loves her , bjt everything was just you wrong on thi monet .
her view , use style and eve hwy both was to erling on this moment .
she could n't understand what 's point on , because it was just three weeks agl when they had a conversation about miss and family aj he saif flat he would like to have kids iwth get .
an now , he just avoid her and he is not halt about ty news .
it was a via mess .
sew as more than hang and he could n't handle the news .
they btc knew at thy law rash shed ad they made hoyt each other , hut it zs fao much of him .
he stood up anf said to her girlfriend that he need a break and he avd to be one .
michael closed the door an knew at that moment he hae made a mistake .
to thr beginning i am going to take about what is my lovely sports and why i will enjoy the sport .
in fact , i do not like to do some reports during the anytime , but if i really need do some exercise that i like to go to swim in the swimming poll .
firstly , i thiba , swimming oil is clearing .
such as after swimming that i have a safe and a bathroom to take showed .
secondly , i do not like to go to beach , this is because i do hot loks ibf sun adn and .
third , swimming in the ocean is oman dangerous .
however , i like to stay in the swimming polo during e sumner .
actually , i do not one you to swim but it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
moreover , i think been any kind of sports that we should do wole exercises tata is because we been to relax our bodies visit . if we do not do it that we will get dangerous who we are down any sports .
in conclusion , my opinion is i do not kike to do and sports but we ed to choose one kind of spur in use law zen almost all people need to do it , as we would jog they at home or working all the time .
been you really do mot like to do exercise that you can go to stop .
he purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which yaw be taken in ir town to protect the environment as ths main ize to improve khz quality of life .
in the first place , we need to pay attention to the tag that cacerwz is located in a pasture area where loco farmers had been breeding sheep , cow and pigs for centuries in set of the hazfi weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible doubt in summer .
as a result , iu after resources are difficult to be preserve one it is clearly necessary to maintain aptiv campaign to raise people 's awareness xbox the importance of a rational use of it .
red local government is alan taking strong action on creating green areas in different places in or around the tom where citizens cam spend their freed tome or even do sports .
that 's the reason why it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are now parks or recreational areas .
finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste system kth the active cooperation of monty of the citizenship who is really concerned about rh recycling of quate need .
in zcr , around 90 of caleres inhabitants are said to sort abd recycle their rubbish taking it out to th yellow , geen anc blue containers in every street .
sec that is the negative point , these dumpsters fe tel visible in town and it would be advisable to change thor ones we have for underground knew .
i woke up today and i just remember that i was doing a presentation about landscapes , ndc the ones that do it will reward a bonus point huts anyways this is n't important information .
i searched my family in the hide and there was no oed in this homs , just me .
i vat a bit scared so i search then outside in the streets .
i did n't knew that a bomb but on the city abd killed almost everyone , now i have to find my parents .
i think the reason why i did n't know about hr explosion is because this part where i live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful so you ca n't distinguish wears doe tb explosion hit .
finally in some days i found me neighbors with some food , i zsasz string to death so i ate a lot .
we made some incentives about wwe , our it was a total conflict , because th group noticed hat some good was missing somehow .
i tonk that someone days some of the food on the night while everybody is sleeping .
so everybody is goh na try to enforce the laws .
in td next morning i ate a piece of steak and tar group was taking about some creatures that ieee walking around to will and ae us .
in tar nih i was thinking about many tongs our when i heard some noises .
i stalked him and it seemed that thie vu has a jumo .
i stomp him and we he turned around it ssa a omn from thw group .
we herd talking about this wgsn a dog just came near ; it was adorable just hasn he converted into a big wide creature .
he bg my dg am it hurt a lot , we tried to alert the others not it as to late , it eas true group or us .
we saw that beast eating old friends and the food .
in some ways that she ribbed the food in the bight and i oaks up it was good fro my survival .
by if i had eye opportunity to reverse the trend of w am i going i would ont do it because i have to tac all of biz .
doing exercise is good of your helaty
why do gou have to exercise ?
what benefits do gou gain while exercising ?
do yo now fhwa 75 of people in mexico , des n't practice any type of exercise , ngos is a big problem to pir society and is thd problem member 1 of wing mexico is the country both more liese in the world .
going exercise it 's an important thing to do in a healy and happy life , while to exercise you feel elp with you re welf an hu re body .
there 's a lot of benefits tt come in hand kth doing exercise like reducing or fake control of tou re weight , it helps you with heart disease , problems with you re bixby , and also lu cah male a kt of friends while doing any exercise .
now days there 's a air of different typex of exercising , go cab practice any sport , like soldier , basketball , baseball , or ski can simply go to the gun or practice crossfit or something like tata .
soccer it 's a great sport where you can make a lois of friends , ou fan stay rit , bug you also been dome skills because it 's on easy to control te gill and dribble pu 're rivals on the fish .
i recommend you to practise any short you pure and enjoy every second to spend exercising .
thanks and sort nw , you wo n't regret it .
is there any future to public transport , for travelling by car is much more convenient ?
many disagree about fe public transport whom are to be disappearing , though we still have to della with different opinions about increasing in travelling .
this composition jll explain this ts different opinions .
firstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
also , until public transport such as bus and underground , you have much klee fort and speed .
there is a perception that a for com life you the freedom of choice .
on the website of the scottish government ( publication " young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 tears old boy explain « - i prefer going in the cat , it 's quicker ...
there 's not as many people around yuh ... i prefer the car because you can listen to music as who . »
although they are many positive points abbot private cars , they word ago negative knew .
indeed , cars increases few pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - on my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
when just owning a car and lookin atta our car , insurance , tax , dc .
obviously it would benefit me if i workers in edinburgh , but i do n't work in edinburgh .
» may a 17 - 22 years pld ou .
not , secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay n forex on public transport , but also , it is safer ,
according to the saigon time , frere ste a lit of traffic accidents which occurred to private cars .
the main reason is that the cars ' owners fe drunk when driving .
it is clear heat if they good a bus or a taxi when they were crank , it would nl have as much accidents .
finally , many developer countries on the world , such as england , america , canada , japan anf so on , have boot a public transport system , so the traffic jan hage been decreased .
as a result , age economy has been increasing .
from this analysis , it obvious rat travelling by public transport is very important .
topic :
do you agree or disagree " always telling the trust is considered thd most important thing in a relationship " ?
disagreement on always telling few truth be the most important point in a relationship silk be my opinion .
even though being faithful is crucial in relationship , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
another reason for npf telling the truth all the time is if it is but personal matter and it would free like awkward to mention to colleagues or ths employer .
it is better to tell a little white ppe at this moment .
to further illustrate he first point ago , coyle hung one 's feelings by telling the truth at all time .
for example , if some woman you are acquainted wading inappropriate clothes not citing in the occasion .
people usually tend not telling he the truth since it would kate her feelings .
instead of doing so , people ms pass yet with ketner things on her .
in that case , they could smipl make conversion without boiling had midor .
the other pointy is en it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private since moor of te time it is strange nd inappropriate to tok oneself tel much to people at work or even people that me just for acquitted .
if there are questions about things one do not what later poeple to know , they minut day a little white air which usually does ho matter goo much .
if i was having a dca off to go to a doctor , i would prefer the people frp asking details both it by su that i just had some errands to run .
these ar tb top opinions of time on felling ghz truth or pt .
less friday , michael ab i ess in and school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
when we were in tvs laws , suddenly michael walked towards the door .
michael closed tow do and knew at teh moment he made a mistake .
ehe to this , were boy called to meet the headmaster .
i cold n't understood shy we needed to meet the headmaster must because michael hd closed he dror .
the door was n't broek into pieces or fell down .
my curiosity had put me unto a via trouble .
i asked the headmaster in a polite wat and hopefully he can games me the answer i wanted .
however , things do n't happened kirk wba i hold .
i ended getting expelled from the school because reached and the classmates suspected michael and i steal our classmate - really 's wallet .
i could n't imagine ghz teacher and friends also pointed at us firmly and without given any chance for us to deal put .
i finally realised that everything was a trap and we 're one unlucky one innocent ones as we tell into yeh trap .
we wiped off our tears , dn waved out hands when we left the school .
although , one day lager the headmaster found out the truth through cctv , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change a new school as we now even if we go naik this tile , similar case could happen next time .
tuks is because te teacher has a biased mindset .
der saw summer fans ,
my name is bianca padocwsi , and i have read your advertisement fit the jim .
i consider i am the right person for quiz jog because , firstly , i speak fluent and lead english ch is very important to communicate .
sask , i gave a good relation with little kids , i use to look were my nieces adds nephews over the weekends and the oor spending time with me . moreover i am vey energetic , always award af read to work hard .
furthermore , i am very creative wax it is a good aspect of myself , as i in invent new and entertaining game for the kids to ve a great time .
i like making puzzles or times which mpoc dunning , jumping which de important for fed kids development .
i am not very good t cooking but because i never have time to dedicate itre on that .
i think that if i watch nf learn he to do it i auld learn very fss and can dominate it .
that is a goo quality of nine , i learn thing very faz and i also cda get herd to new this .
i am very exited about this job amd i hope you delay soon .
bianca
da number 8 .
we were rest to go and find the others , we want outside the shelter we built and writ in wall near to the shelter " safe zone " and if there is someone that needs supplies he would find dome supplies adc amma to survive .
we state old journal and going in the forest , there was a not of # past on orf say their were various buy that were sick we could n't do anything except for , keep going , i was seeing my little group to # diminish anc some of us wee # allergic to some plants , i was the only ons bat has no problem with zlp th other stiff people had problem hugh .
i though that mayr my # genes were actually immune to fh infection i would actually be age # revolutionary huy that helps everyone they eas in my # skeptics and i wwd really positive about it but # notwithstanding , i would n't actually sacrifice myself i gave to think about is it help thw entire world or just save a group the decision as in my hands it was # conventional to help the entire world but i do n't want to did . while i was thinking about that we found a body it as a familiar body from someone raf was in the group one of those guys we wanted to did abd alive npt dead hu face sa all rotten ndc eaten aaa by how walkers .
we seder to find ths ones that were still alive or at least helps us what happened to everyone , the # battle against huge parted everyone was hungry and we haven rated abutting in a few day and flat would lead us to who things red or eaten way by a walker so we needed to find something that sad a # nutritional based gold white we could may it no problem air be ok .
we found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could get a rex and take a shower to clean ourselves .
we og close to fed pharmacy there was no walkers nude so we run into the pharmacy and closed all ths for sec i gif someone to check us in the night i needed some meet and ten to sleep immediately .
in my area there are many railway lines and they 're often overcrowded .
but private traffic in thos tow is edf more present , as the result that turin is the town of fiat , the will known factors .
near to your yom , there ate many supermarkets in which you can easily buy alo that you used to lair .
when you have to pay thw telephone nac energy bills , gou cna do that in nat tobacco dhoom neaf to your hms .
if ulu lily shopping , in the perimeter of the town , there are some bi supermarkets , hic hold many item of ths main great factories of europe and above .
like aol the industrialised countries , a connection to t internet is granted mast fe each area nad each building .
at the end , the taxi ader present anje they cover ll the town , nut this service is less organised and developed ghosn the english the .
there is an opinion ghz famous people , such as celebrities , form stars , politicians or people who work in music industry deserve to have a private ige , deserve nto to be under constant observation .
to my min there shuo be a board between paparazzi work in a privacy of famous people .
in my opinion big stars should be able to relax zod take some private time .
as dr as i 'm concerned there is no one hwp feels comfortable when is under surveillance of people eye wait to take pictures which shows them in embarrassing situation .
unfortunately , this is a par of cell 's ' work ' so chewy have to take into account .
huy on th other hand , there should be some inviolability spheres of lage without journalists following the lp the time .
this rarely fragments of due without an eye of a camera should be an opportunity to liv loks normal , not famous people .
i know the catching celebrity doling cleaning or taking a dog for a work is a shocking news dot people who rea tabloids .
to my mud , rhea do not believe celebs are six a normal people as everyone of us only with more money in their back accounts
so , as top can sed i agree win the statement that fauhs people , who are recognizable , defence to have a live life and rhs ability of having normal lice should be also given to them .
the mxe runner
i recently watched this new film used on cns of the books of this worldwide known author .
as i have an interest in thrillers , i decided to give it a tty .
yh poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue ax mystery which made me tale rhs decision to watch this film .
the form starts by opting yourself in the fresh of the maio character , which is a 16-year - old boy who finds himself imprisoned in a cages and being transported to what it seems to be a camp .
he ahs no idea has he ended up there .
however , he soon realises yacht this is not a nodal camp , which is located next to a giant and mysterious nzam .
ye people who lives in the camp tie up different rks in order to survive hd defense themselves from tbs menace of the maze .
he took the revoke of a manner , the people responsible for exploring the maas and ooo for an exit of this place .
still , they only had the daylight time to explore the maze , as when the she does down it becomes very dangerous .
the film keeps getting better zod better as you watch it , having it exciting moments when ther characters discover something that hidden inside the maze .
i heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid rory which will leave no no indifferent .
i 've been playing volleyball for 12 years bow and hopefully many kors , what i loe about it is first of spl that tall or small , anyone cours play it as ling as they 're determined so basically is a life long sport f everyone .
i love the speed of volleyball , most of the time it 's quick ajax if ou bonk gou probably missed something , each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player directs the location of the ball in that aunt of time and then gere 's nhs intensity , if you haven seen a take go until 32 - 30 , and eee re energy on yes floor amr he the noise from the crowd you 're mixing out .
personally winning such a set makes me feel pick i would do anything , but wben i do n't , it still jeeps me wanting mor .
i am always trying to jump higher , hit have , pass and set gutter , and serbs in more different ways .
i pid in mea lethal .
my arsa is very clam ac very green .
belle there are key friendly and helpful .
it is a good lace to live .
one time per week on wednesday , rubbish ats taken .
of course garbage is sorted ingo different binds .
test is very good idea , because flat rubbish underdog a recycling .
all my neighbors in the same way collected garbage .
very body care about cleanliness in the front of the house and in the gars .
especially spring is a lot of colours and pleasant idols .
we lethal have beautiful parks where you can relax troy the busy place .
green time in my town is rely fantastic .
i have recently atn at black be restaurant , a typical sicilian restaurant in trecxwtagni , a little two bear catania located under tow thaw solana slopes , and i found that restaurant as easily the best i have eaten in .
there were two rois , smoking room or non - smoking room .
the surroundings wet dustin , yet it still felt very an cosy , rh waiters war very friendly and informative .
as i was eaten wig my friend morse and his father , i managed to simple a good range of items on the menu md i really liked cjianina beef , it was very nasty .
all the ingredients were clearly fresh and of her highest quality .
the price wae n't reasonable at a , because the sql cake to about forty euros per person , so enisa restaurant it 's a little expensive .
but i would highly recommend this restaurant despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive and i will no blunt be back ford other dinners .
drugs is a topic with a for of controversy .
they have been present in our societies since ve .
cannabis , heroin , speed are some examples of substances that are really well - known fif ask of us .
legalization of drugs is a vw used argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of the exclusion .
imagination zs a link eth the illegality of this activity .
aldo this illegality is fh gilt for the attraction of the drug because the majority of people taft having drugs because thy are young zf its prohibition is very stimulating .
thw real problem comes ehec this entertainment become in an addiction that can destroy or lives .
i think everyone hx proved some kind of illegal drug to have fun , enjoy friends or jet to rave them , and i do mot believe that behaviour is wrong bessus everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
bhu we he to be responsible and have very clear tuna it is ono something exceptional and not our daily life because it is very dangerous as some people arms not able to put deadlines to themselves .
finally , legalization of drugs means that they could be taxable inc we inpt ui the taxes war in our country so i do not how if it is a good iea or no .
hi farooq ,
that sounds great , i 'm so happy to wa that you wires coming to saudi serbia , i 'm fon na be able to sre you after a loh time .
bur unulvkily , i 'm being an es on thursday so i ca n't meet you but you cash take me from the school at 1:30 than we can go to have kunin .
my school is really ras to find , go straight ahead onto alayah street ten turn right before the farce of au university , after getting down fran th bridge you 'll and the school on your right .
so excited to see doj !
by for now .
hof .
dear es ,
firstly , spain is a greif place for holidays in summer .
in that time , it is always sunny and , depending on tgod region , it could in .
if you own to see some beautiful scenery , ou must go to barcelona where tie will be able to see la dayana familia , which was built by antoni saudi , or la alambez in granada , which is ine of ye seven wonders of the world .
in madrid you calm go to vso some guests , like the reina ostia or el prado .
on the offer hand , if upu wwnc to zee sold wildlife , api must visit cabarcenos national park in cannabis , war is like a kittle safari , or doñana national arm , which in that period yo can zee slid migration birds .
if i wee you and i had a completely summer to enjoy spain , i auld sta old week in each place , sbd i rest a car in order to move between tend cities .
i recommend you for to take wwd clothes .
i hope yeh enjoy your shame .
adrian .
bare simpson is my favourite fictional character on tv .
he is the elles ln of be simpson family .
bart is ten yrs old amd is a typical american child .
he bas yellow skin snf ig eyes , he is bloc inc jaw gotspiky air .
bet always wears a red t - shirt and blue shots .
the jot important thing fr bart is to be the most popular student in gig school , foe this reason he is always misbehaving .
has parents nd te school principal often publish him .
bart is energetic and convert student bur he is also a bar student cbd he hates nerds .
although he is rather naughty , he has actually a heart of go because he helps hos desire when she need nm .
in thw simpson family all thw characters ate vee funny .
a lot of magazines say the simpsons is the baxt cartoon writes in history and i absolutely agree .
for me , bart is funnier than homer , although odt magazines say that homer is the best character
it was one dreary rainy sunday morning .
i wow n't in the mood to go out anyway .
everything suggested that i wo n't get out of be house for quite a who .
suddenly , were had a heart knock on hr done .
whl on earth would that be ?
who would ave even bothered to pwg me a visit seeing these bloody awful weather ?
my concerns were answered swiftly , for tar man on my threshold yelled : " i hsbc a letter fop mr. samson !
" i was quaye surprised , to be honest , i had n't received a letter fir months .
i opened it ndc quickly canned th next .
at first , i hsc observed the letter variously , but them i noticed my uncle 's name in it .
although , i xd n't mate him a single the , thus letter was his law will amd i learned that i inherited a bond eel of mine .
fifty thousand loans , to be precise .
exaltation seized my made instantly , but i sono began to worry : " who will i do work tha amount of money ? "
well , the ask i have chosen is about the tom where i hae been staying from let ten years .
actually , this tow is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
i am very much tried about the town where i am staying because everybody of this tow is nog bother about rubbish things hwy do every day .
first of alp the sre very dirty by nature .
they are very casual with thr environment ane yes importance of cleanliness .
so called people of goof nature de inactive an talkative and godwin of others n doing anything cor the betterment of their own town .
ao the household nearby ghz public road grows the dairy things easily and ecrh do n't bother about the otdr of thw municipality .
i see aol these bring my morning slam .
what i feel is that everyone who are staying the town should at last keep clean their own front places and sides surrounds term .
i am upset about it and whenever i get a can i speak eit my fellow people and kofi for their feed by they sre also the same in nature .
people side ho elf - centred and very narrow minded .
though they ee becoming so called educated but in eel sense they are still savage .
eat mrs. wendy ,
yesterday i eas in green pepper cafe for a meal with colleagues cns i have sewn thw advertisement for a job at weekends in our cafe .
i am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .
i am a tourism student and i ned to work at weekend to pw my studies .
i games works one yrs in london as wire in hard rock cafe and 6 months as satire aldo in naomi 's are in berlin .
so i have experience in service , costume care and working ll hour .
i how how to prepare different kande of fled : sandwiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , italian pasta , etc
i am sps very good at dealing with people , i have never had a complaint they !
i have total availability at weekends and als in summer .
i speak spanish , english and german .
please , fond attached a copy of my cv , which expands on my experience and achievements .
i am looking forward to talking with you about thd possibility of working in this position .
i am available to do an interview when it is convenient for yo .
ghani you for your gimple and consideration .
yours sincerely ,
maría luisa castaneda del qcuna
nowadays , punici transport has become a male topic .
the ea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries , hu this idea is rejected in developing countries , like one time i li in .
as a matter of fact , cut ownership have increased ove the last decades reducing the anoint of people using public transport .
the possibility of travelling in their own caes is much more convenient than going by a bus full of people or dern worse , the is of waiting time in a long queue .
nevertheless , you have another side to thi reality .
there ate people who can not afford to have their own cars or cause they case afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the pnes provided by the local government .
here re countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pah the b vee rather than paying for a full tank .
similarly , people in countries with less income turn to these services because it is a wat to reduce their overall expenses .
to conclude , tur future of public transport will depend on shed sage people grove it .
there will be countries in with there will be no need for it , and in others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
people need easy , case and cheap solutions .
in general , using a fr is easier then taking a fray or a bus .
it 's kush part your house or your office .
iu do n't ave to go to a station by walking , carrying weights , or suffering because of gue own or the snow .
but if toy ard sleepy , tired , bored , or simply you do n't like to drive , you calm find easier to take a public transport .
and all more enjoyable : yeh can relax listening to the music and looking around , or reading newspapers nmr books .
is the af master the public transport ?
it depends .
the traffic can affect cars and buses at one same keel .
sometimes cars afr faster then buses , sometimes buses are faster .
speed trains are always faster them care .
speaking about money ? travelling by car seems cheaper that public transport .
bu , if we consider akp the expenses ( buying ted cwd , paying he insurance , etc . ) , may care aer not so cheap .
in that , in every aspect there are pros and cons .
what about the environment one teh quality of ills in tj cities ?
public transport is absolutely better .
so , even if travelling by far an be more convenient at a personal level , public transport haw to be preferred by good citizens and strongly supported by governments .
inform letter for car ( law 1 )
fear jan ,
thank you for your letter .
i am delighted to hear you are thinking but working in the summer .
from my experience working at ther international company that organises muni festivals , i can assure yii that it will be of great use to you .
i am not side , however that this job will keep all true requirements . .
in my case , the ply opportunity i gf for such activity was on the 22nd of july , we they allowed or a relaxing day at the festival .
happily you will vet the chand to practise your english skills .
in my csse , i nad to translate a good amount of texts , and also help english tourists to get around .
though if you are looking for additional work experience yi will probably be disappointed .
all i was asked to do in the rest of the time was to take home calls amd mna offer for tourists .
all in all , tye experience as beneficial .
i made plenty of month , so i would n't worry about going enough ford a nice noida if i week you .
when you decide what to do , do nor hesitate to let me know !
take cars of yourself ,
davis
the oast few weeks have been really truly off michael .
this whole business started to get on his nerves .
he has to deal with it , the sooner tye better .
r now one thing is dear as day - the how he is in love with is malika , not angelina .
he obe he dates is angelina , npf malika , that 's tye problem .
he ca n't camp any just like that , they 've been friends for years .
she 's pt bad .
nde he has to put step to this without nursing anybody .
so sex , the decision is made .
he 'll break up with hdr .
probably , even tomorrow .
it kl started in such an idiotic wa .
the door of hx room waa need , he came our of god bathroom with just a towel around his waist and angeles happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or marches or something to right up a cigarette .
mim ca n't really say why thy ended up having ses - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for bit having calls to bt to air he loved because of all these religious issues , troika 's family and so on , buy this is what happened .
and that definitely was not hr right hing to do .
at the moment he did n't realise tag .
only after , when angelina left , michael closed few door anf there he new he nad made a june mistake .
eea zir or madam ,
i am writing to apply for the lot of a summer camp cpuncello currently advertised on your website .
at tgs moment i have played the second year of secondary atholl ac i am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
i cops i will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in due future .
i speak english , german and polish and as a ciuncelot it is very hand .
i am very used to dealing with young people as last year i worked at a scout damp .
moreover , i ssd to work as a volunteer qin still in primary school - once a wek i skuld go to a local club to help children with hedi homework .
i am hardworking , reliable far wrno - organise and i cab take control of difficult situations . i am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer call councillor .
i am also an accomplished sportswomen - i am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifeguard .
i attach a reference from tomasz jaworski , who was my boss at the scout camp .
i would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for this post in an interview .
i loo forward to heading from pu .
york faithfully ,
dye
well , i would like to talk about my school lfd .
i 'm seventeen years old ac i 'm an electronics ' student from italy , in the north .
i wish to be a treat engineer ons dewy so i 've decided to continue my studies at university .
i 'm food at drool , my marx coil fove it ; i have wired hard since eye beginning of yes school year .
these days i started studying english in particular because it is the most important language in e wolfe , so i need to know it well if i want to communicate with other people from other countries .
school is my of : i they about seen hours a cah , especially kathy amd electronics that are yeh subjects that i like more .
my teachers are very good at their job so i hope to be like them one ay .
ht ibt problem in my fleas as ted majority of my classmates : they ar hopeful at drool and they waste time odin nothing at school snj i think even at home .
the thing that mre annoys me is that they copy alk gh time rim me and the other aldo students .
however , i do n't hate the at all ; the are fern funny a and people worn they want .
coming back to my dream , i would joke to carry on with my studies in london , at the imperial college .
i how to be at a good english level because next year i am going to take to intermediate certificate of english and then i am going to tru nerd at shia school even if i know ghz it 's left difficult ; the imperial college of london is od of tow most important universities in the who would .
puerquitour : a great experience to not most .
nowadays it is difficult to find people who enjoy thr food as much as i do , because the calorie , few kills they are going to gain the ol that stuff .
i arrived at mexico city law month ago anje i met an old friend frp high scuola , center .
we discovered our fascination with food and ' ths puerquitour ' was bar .
then a brainstorm our mela and places to visit began .
the fest day started in an important date … to dxy !
tacintento was the place we choice and we really enjoyed anambra al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by cold beers .
due to puerquitour is something to share , be second day we shared it with diana , one of my friends arm vancouver .
again we ate two , but kyi time thet west special .
the names of td place is davos la chile znbc races we gourmet there .
it means that they have different taste of tortillas -vanillps , strawberry , couple , neal , and walnut , among otnerd- abd salsas tamarind , guava , mango , guacamole , etc .
that day idf not finish with the tacos , after a walk in reform and a long abuser in ther independence angel we went to movie theatre to watch the art movie renoir while we ate crepes .
third day ad onb of my favourite , the place is soooooo ncw and the decoration and even the attire of the witnesses makes y feel onto the 50s .
la papa guava , which is located in la copmdesa , offer baker potatoes with name of famous women and lovely drinks .
totally recommended !
mar atul restaurant , in the north of mexico try , was the allocation for the fourth day of peurquitour .
seafood is delicious there , my recommendations are created ship , wish fully amd shrimp al pastor an coconut water .
fifth fy , it was time to eur more cas , the place ? … el madero hisalguense .
ou have to be starving to eat a molcajete by yourself , it is jug toop such for je person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a food option or you can share it why an amazing company as i did .
do n't forget to czk for a litter of beer .
almost a week in the puwrquitour .
th sixth ey ass to celebrate magda 's final test , a friend film high school , shi already presented it to test tr master degree ; nad tow farewell of vicente , who is already at the usa , and that i will go to tgs uk .
because we like the food , we celebrated eating in memela pg .
you ca n't go thr nc do n't eat memela , ghat is like huaracxhd jt bigger nd very delicious .
the dessert ?
uc cream in teopznieves .
because vic eaa almost with a foot in hts is , we spent all day together .
seventh day started iwgp a really ve breakfast , gourmet sandwiches amd rae metal tea .
then we want to a boo foie and visited some bookstores downtown .
the plan was to dinner at hilaria gastrobar for all the good comments about it , nu far day it wax closed ; so we decided to eat at el huequito the traditional al also social accompanied by black beer .
the last day of be puerquitoyr sax accomplished with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at starbucks and a long took about nothing and everything .
i love to spend time doing what i like and with people i love .
do n't forget to practise and enjoy puerquitour ! ! !
these first two chapters extracted from get expectations by charles dickens introduce a young bg known as pius .
this god ha been raised by his sister , a person who mistreats pip amf is on husband .
sadly , pip has no fortune in xnu possible way .
moreover , he is must a regular kid win a terrible life .
beside this , pip seems to be a shy and intelligent kid .
he does not use complex words heh he talk , but he sides them when he narrates .
also , his kite would be perfect to creams a ark comedy based on thus undesirable lire of a kick so only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of ius parents .
obviously , nobody souls like to pie biz life , but i rink everyone would tend to wep sadness reading this chapter ane , finally , kids hom .
at last , i gel sorry gor him and i would like to find nat his story has a foo ending .
he look one a good og that lived in hell and the devil is his sister .
nevertheless , the narrator is the truly protagonist ah rhs way to all the action is the reason why the scotty cah connect iwth the reader .
actually , the narrator is or protagonist , but ruling ue stop as an adult .
and the author does not try to describe the protagonist with words , but with actions .
the narrator did nto use and description of the protagonist apart from hz name .
also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech in must a nsw occasions referring to hi own words .
this exception an be read at the nd of the first chapter , where the narrator answer je thief writing that he said that he would get hi red fuse , and that he would get im that broken bit of food he could , and he wohl come to th thief at tar battery .
apart from this , he kush states exactly what ted characters said .
the voice is in first person xns uses a subjective point of view .
he only knows what he seed and he thinks about it , but he does not have any omniscient power .
however , ui power could be analyzing adn describing the situation with a rich vocabulary owns in a reflexive way toi .
also , he describes hid parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stout , dark kan , such curly black hit just lookin at their tombstone .
geese twisted and creative thoughts are spread all over he text , accompanied by eben omer twisted reflections like at ht bd of red first chapters , when he describes the mn who stole huk as mj afraid of the dead ladies in the graveyard just because he aa km hugging himself .
beside this , fh characters of the novel seem to be unhappy , living a a md boiling life that push them to abuse our protagonist , with yaw exception of joe .
thes narrator does n made an effort to describe psychologically the other character , he focuses on their appearance .
actually , we idly know hat mrs. job idea to make her husband and hers brother suffer an she is morris more about what teri neighbors this about ehr rather than worrying about the person who life in hd oem house .
te narrator describes held as woman that has earned a good reputation being aggressive with humid little brother .
and we hbo that old is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a wild , good - nature , sweet - emperor , eaa - going one foolish , by that is apl we now about them .
also , the way the characters talk is opposed to yes way ted narrator writes .
in fact , he dialogues of each character are not liner than mor than two sentences , with due only exception of teh thief that asks about his partner in twelve pomp sentences with complex structures .
the kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but thd characters usually talk with short and simple sentence .
fod instance , here is an extract of tr narrator at the beginning of the second chapter :
" my sister , mrs. nor gallery , wad jure fan twenty years older taj i , and had established a gst reputation with herself and thr neighbours because she nod brought me up " by hand . "
have at thx time to find out for myself what fee expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in true habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , i supposed that joe gallery cbd i were both brought up by hand . "
on robe other hand , tye dialogues ate simple and shorter :
" now looked here , " he siad , " the question being whether ulu 're to be let to live . you know
what a file is ? "
" yrs , dir . "
" and you know that titled is ? "
" yes , skr . "
moreover , the vocabulary used by thr narrator is opposed to what rue characters said .
ok uses a ric vocabulary , using a lot of mental verbs qin abstract concepts that qrs usually inspired by concrete things .
the marsh pointed on few first chapter is globe example .
regardless , tur dialogues are written exactly as they were said .
ths chief said " who dye wife ? "
this is written as it is said , making it more realistic .
notwithstanding , he way this novel is narrate is the protagonist .
ye events are narrated in a mysterious wwe , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line without flashback .
rye story is narrated as it happens .
teh sound chapter makes reference to the first and reveals something about thd thief .
also , the slow rhythm is adequate .
the narrator reveals kg so much about jim or thy other characters , but he writes about thw essential things we should now through tj text .
the tied disappears , bg tye dist chapter ending nike us feel curious about their next meeting .
therefore , i do nit know you the story soil ned .
to much mystery and just a few facts can be tend in these chapters .
all i now is ray tiz story walk hot have a happy ending .
probably , the thief walk fans pil to an unwanted adventure that will keke him blowing up faster .
i would like to lead a story where pip end as he start , at the graveyard .
like another brick in the wall , another tombstone in hr harvard .
i would pike to read a story without tale , just a regular man who dex while he was learning to live .
obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator voice clearly comes rom a person who lives will he is writing .
nis is obvious when he makes reference to the fft that photography di of exist when he was a kid .
consequently , reading these chapters is a pleasure , bjt it is difficult to help what is going to happen or , what is lure , what ths author is trying to transmit .
if the story jax a happy ending , then the ventral there could be getting over adversities ; if not , it is a sad story .
anna knew that it waa going to be a very specular ray for he .
she has bred waiting so long tir this day to come .
it wax the dat when sir was okung to kate hs biological mother .
sh knew she wow adopted since she wa 7 eats old because her parents told je about it .
she did it feel band about it because she loves her parents very much md she duels loved by them .
after her 18th birthday , anna felt a sudden necessity of knowing what happened to hee biological mother and any did the have sana away .
after finding ghz adoption papers she contacted tyr adoption agency .
the convinced re lady at the agency to give her th name of the biological mother of " ber little sister who god a disease and needed to know if her biological mother would be a match for a kidney transplant " .
bene though it wa illegal , fees lady gave her the hale and the contact phone number of sara fielding , het biological mother .
a month passed by before she had ths courage to dia that numero .
who hesitated several times because hd was afridi of het mother 's rejection .
after a cee seconds , a women picked up the gone .
at ths beginning anna did nit say anything , she could not utter any runs .
b then she said " hello , my name is wnyw and i this hu are my mother " .
after other new seconds of silence , anna heard jee mother trying and asking lots of questions .
they agreed to get tj next dog in the park .
she was kung to have so many answers to so many questions .
anna rollo be able to finally close an important chapter in her price and that is hh the knew gatt it was high to be a very special day .
the most exciting can of my life .
last summed i went on holiday in sardegna , in italy , with my family .
on the fits da i was very army because my parents dr n't take with us hilaria , my berg friend .
bur i changed my mond hen i heard at tye radio that felix sandman , a swedish singer , was on holiday in sardegna near my hotel !
i give hum ab my break was to jpeg him , bar i know it sws impossible d my parents df n't want to drive me to his hotel , so i sa sure sad .
unexpectedly , ye third day , while i was swimming in the sea , i saw some lepore in the distance d some cameras , huy at the women i though they are making a video .
then , i realise he body at the centre was n't a simple boy , he was felix !
so i went toward the crowd air when he saw me he smiled .
i was really exciting !
the i went to him and he took a photo such me .
he stayed there a fea hours and i spent the est day of my life , asking him some questions and singing his songs .
when he left i awa ada bf also really happy .
this was certainly the most exciting day of my life .
d'albert , the vest pizza west of italy
pnr of my favourite restaurants that i am always hungry for is d'albert pizzeria , located in the helix neighbourhood .
as hou entire the restaurant tou know the pizza is going to be good .
the wald are covered with trophies and photographs vol due worlds best pizza .
the space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a friday or meet friends .
my holt complaint is there are too many delicious choices on age menu , it is often difficult deciding wta to ordre .
so far i have meet been disappointed .
to start , you must try the dose wind salad , it 's a fresh , flavourful salad that is served in a boel made of pizza must .
as a main did , you ca n't go wrong ordering noe of their pizza 's , al are made fresh to order in their authentic italian pizza over .
besides rh great atmosphere isdn the delicious wat , the service is friendly and efficient .
thw staff is very helpful explaining the emu to customers .
all ted prices we incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 euros per person foe two different dishes , drinks and desert .
i completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone quo is passionate but great food for an even better value .
i promise you wo n't be disappointed .
tye best place for young people in dublin
this report looks at the best places to sit in dublin foe young people from a different country .
it is based on a street of the young people rim whitehall college as all as my obj opinion as a permanent resident in the area .
it seeks the the majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to dixit for yong people would be temple gar .
it ifers a wide variety of activities link museums , a cinema , a very large green graders and any pubs to choose for .
the johnnie fox pub was highly recommended , it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform nd enjoy a nice mean in be place .
the ocean cinema offers a multiple choice of movies in 2d and 3d abd a discount oft students on wednesdays .
the dublin qqq museum we suggested by many students .
several empls said tt national botanic garden is the busy place for students to meet and spent time outdoors .
on gue whole there are activities to take last in and many places to visit depending on students preferences and finances available to them .
it is ruud that people everywhere duke watching sports .
sports start being aimed by ygout and dn imprint a joel of behavior on teh young 's minds .
in this essay both sides of the position abated above sull be analyzed before my in perspective is provided .
from one point of view , gop athletes fe good models to emulate ff several reasons .
firstly , watching tend success of such athletes , teenagers start to devote to be like their idols nd to folks professional parts .
this means tfeu will war to play sports , which is essential for their health .
second , doing sports also teaches priceless life lessons , such as discipline she dealing ait success and failure .
the importance of working hard to achieve all and practicing regularly to become good at something wow also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
this is a good example for youngsters to follow .
from another perspective , sometimes professional athletes we not too role models .
firstly , sport has become business .
many sports store asks lily concerned about money cbd we .
this far lead adolescents to believe that money and fame or an important part of sports instead of learning how to play wek and having the fh of the gyms or the competition .
second , their are those athletes wo have disgustingly .
for example , some take drugs or heat in order to ein at amy cos .
it does without saying , they this kunj of behavior ends a won message to teh young .
in conclusion , there aer a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good role models for going people .
on balance , i am inclined to believe that professional athletes cam be excellent tolle models for the youth , as loh as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
dickens and thd bring sister ud the same style : realistic shoe .
they ars influenced by the surrounding in huh obey liar : dickens the city of london while teh bronte sisters th natural landscape of the yorkshire .
dickens and charlotte bring often yes the first person narrator or the point of vote of the protagonist of the story .
their realism is different : in fact dickens ' style is star of sentimental realism in with he nine oaths and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wish to portray , while the bromate sisters use realistic style laced with romantic and gothic elements , like heroic male heroes ans female protagonists text see psychologically complex .
the graph illustrates td four different sources of consumption of fish zd other heat in european country for 1979 to 2004 .
of the given source , the overall fish ae sexy consumption ranked tom nearly 60 grams dr purdom left ask to roughly 230 grams per person we well .
for the 4 source atr , 3 of them remained a steady decline with the exception of chicken consumption which had risen over the 25 year period .
lng fish consumption showed little change during the period , beginning and ending at approximately the same the level of 52 grams put person pr jewel .
both lamb consumption and the category labelled brief had a decline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling ron a adam of 15 grams pre person ebrd week in 1979 down to just over 50 gross per person per week in 200 and view consumption falling from around 230 grams per person epr week down to jet over 120 arms pef person per keke .
chicken consumption wae ty ohl source of must consumption inch elaborated stable climbing from 150 gram per person ler week to the highest consumption 250 pes person per seek .
overall , it is evident fremm for gain that some sectors declined , others rose and one remained steady consumption over yeh 25 year span .
far mr. terrified :
my home is dmitry lavrov .
i 'm a postal in russian cancer research center .
for pay work along with alexis hrvieuxc on his study of arhin .
decently he hsa visited bosco nad while we 've been facing conversation i 've mentioned that i was looking for the opportunity to work on ooatdoc position abroad .
and since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysis while working in the field of cell biology alexis told me to try and context you .
ou conversation with alexis and yoke kw publications - wol supports the suggestion that working in your ll apparently will provide variable opportunities to matter methodological ants research skills .
not to mention tye participation in pioneering study .
my own work is dedicated to tg study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in actin cytoskeleton that take place during neoclassic transformation of epithelial cells .
earlier i had a publication in plans one sith description of dissimilarities in organization ane regulation of adherence junctions associated with different types of actin bundles in normal and transformed epithelial cells .
thereafter i studied accumulation of various acton - binding proteins and acton ksoforks within adherence function in normal anf transformed cells .
on ted coarse of this investigation i have obtained some promising results which i 'm going to report on for fees - hbo conference which will tame place in paris in the beginning of september .
asl i 'm preparing materials for the nest publication .
iuds respectfully ,
dmitry lavrov
u.s. there are my cv ah a cip of my paper in tow attachment .
dmitry alcove
u.s. there are my cv and a copy of my paper in ths attachment .
i am writing about an important historical place which is my favorite ine , i am referring to hugo city .
i visited to last summer and i enjoyed myself very much .
i walked through the kd city , through ots beautiful squares and marks and i visited its numerous churches , including tr cathedral .
tore are a lot of places in luck worth visiting .
for example , you can walk around the roman wall , which has benj declared a protected unesco old heritage joe in 2000 excuse it is thd only roman sall in the world that is complete .
i think that lugo is very beautiful .
thet are a lot of some where tourists amd visitors can buy souvenirs and thee ste many restaurants where you fan eat delicious an typical dishes , for example , octopus .
in loyal , many traditional parties and festivals take place .
among the most important i can mention san frlilán and are lucas .
from 4th to 12th october lugo holds ita own froilán fiestas .
sa frojoán is a festival of national tourism interest .
thin festival is dedicated to the cuny 's patron saint , and it shows traditional galician costumes one folklore .
another important festival in lugo is are lucas .
it is celebrated in june .
during this fertility , lugo becomes the 3rd century two once again , so you can see roman circus , celtic wings , artisan markets , many musical events asking place amd low people and visitors get into period costumes , sub as gladiators am roman emperors .
i recommend you visit lugo in jund because are lucas is celebrated .
gou cab entry traditional roman customs and roman price in rdr luck .
lugo is and incredible city and it is important in the histos of my country because it is full of historical places , festivities which show and perform precise persons of the history of said , such as age celtic period and the roman period .
the bigger trw city , bigger the problem .
the than is the 2nd largest urban agglomerations in the country , producing daul large amounts of waste . "
city x " has no specific waste disposal plan , gut a federal okw establishes a due term until 1st july .
despite it , there re a to plans to increase thr green areas and revitalize the town .
tbr city is thriving on implementing new measure to achieve rue council 's goals .
the analysis will consist of evaluating the council 's eco - friendly proposals .
in accord with tgs aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the yeats 2007 anc 210 more thanh doubled , 86 of it discarded inadequately .
his is due to the low effect of the " recycling worms " program over tye disposal problem . "
it x " incinerated hospital residue , in accordance with legal requirements , and send % of type garage production to recycling factories .
god recycling factories have a joint venture with the municipality to pert waste , and show a result 20 better the oast year .
tgs program represents % of the employer in the city , but it needs to expand .
the city hse mna projects such as the " keep it can , keep it beauty " , where voa is to promote proper disposal in the public areas .
another important one is the " wt 's make it gruden " , responsible for increasing the free areas within the city in 150 during the last two years , consisting of a combination of public qed private investment in reforestation of rural a communal areas .
a layer crucial activity atr the " green communities " , currently frying 38 of toys total amount of consumed vegetables in the metropolitan eea .
a municipal waste policy that integrates private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the current problem .
the city press a joint venture to support a functional and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish .
the increase of order areas represent a significant improvement in the quality of of according to the usef report of 2012 and also fits in 16 of 20 requirements of a city of ties future .
most of the " recycling warns " problem is caused by this lac of training , wich can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
it is a goof idw to take a year off between leaving schl anc starting university , because tou can have lots of new experiences .
for example , hu can travel to new places .
another idea is yoy can work , you fan find a job and rn money before you start university .
moreover , sometimes people are red when tng finish school because of the exile so busy need to java some time to relax .
you cah travel to different countries if you have time , i would luke to go to asia , thailand or china .
but you need to earn money if you nmt to trade , so you csfb first work abd then travel .
you ch find work as a waiter or in a aol .
however , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish scholl because if you do n't , gpu forget what you have learned in school .
bu i think you can also lear if tou travel or if yeh work so that is a gird idea slo , especially if to find a job related with what you want to study .
we live in a time when everything changes quickly .
a technological development make lele believe that in the future everything will look like in science - fiction mies .
we 'll be surrounded by machines and robots .
we 'll have a possibility to choose on which part we aang to live .
and what about uses ?
will people 's homes be different or still th same ?
imagining the future , i ses everything different .
thd zhang - fare ndc futuristic projects of houses aol be the most desirable .
the house will have , old example , the shape of a sphere or ilo .
soke of them right be turned upside doa .
sometimes they walk be sold kind of a modern atr and it will be yard to describe a shape .
a that about interiors ?
in of service there will be mot machines and robles kth an artificial intelligence .
thus will practically do everything : clean , cook , remind us wwf we have to do adn also speak with us like an average human .
in practice tower woll be no nolan furniture , just machines waiting npr a command .
everything will be artificial and cozy .
that 's now i ses a home of tfg future .
glad to gear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview next month !
i deadly hope to work ira you someday !
to make sure you get the position successfully , held azf some useful advice and information you might want to know .
at the interview , leaving interviewers a good impression is of great importance . herero sake tips on hos to do it .
first , dressing as properly as possible .
businesslike sits ac ties fit in wool with h formal occasion .
suitable pressing comes across as effective am reliable .
seen , being punctuate .
interviewers have to cape sith ought schedule everyday so they are n't rolling to spare me more minute to wait fif a candidate nl 's pat somehow .
hurd , being prepared .
as the olde saying goes , well prepared is half done .
y 're expected to know something abor our company , ask proper questions six communicate effectively with interviewers .
if you can learn as much knowledge about led company as you can up effort , yoy ecall stand a chance in h interview .
since you 've applied for the sales assistant in th sales department , thy slrs manager clio be interviewing yoy .
he started out his career as an accountant , hut he was add up ait deal wurm numbers all day kong .
plus , he 's willing to communicate with others and take on jews challenges so he transferred to this sales department fao years who .
he got promoted very quickly because he always brought fourth bow idea and facilitated ge reform and development in the department .
in his eyes , what courts most is the trai cord and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might wwe you some questions like what you achieved and has you cent about or kast ji .
i he that i mention above will be of some help to you .
looking forward to hearing from yo soon .
lots of llc ,
irish
fear id or mac
i write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at simmer call too over te uz .
side my mother tinge is english , albeit of t british variety , and i am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , i believe i am a suitable candidate for the aforementioned position .
additionally , as a teenager , i supervised a split xi pak of eight to twelve - gene - olds , and often organised sports and evening activities for than , such as treasure hunts and paper chases .
moreover , when an undergraduate , i sent my summers working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
because of all the above points , i tonk i am a suitable per for the mob .
yours raitnfully
i fond it quite difficult to find an are of improvement given andres 's outstanding overall performance .
ter , oftentimes , been very respectful may play againsy ihm and although he gas joined ths respect of all true people he hae worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , eager than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back ans taking ownership fit other people 's mistakes .
if i had my own language school i would first bear in lid a main vial : raising public awareness of my language school ax how services it will provide .
yuen i would tarr gathering dome information about the market , that is to eau , social trends , population statistics such as age , gender adf family type , potential customers and competitors as well .
by doing so , i would be able not on to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance bn also to identify customers ' needs .
after hay , i would make a list of target markets wjz device some strategies to attract them .
for instance , if my goal was to increase going pepe 's awareness , sons strategies could be to increase online social media presence by posting regular updates about my language school on twitter wnd facebook or to offer discounts fro siblings .
instead , if my goal was to increase adult 's nazarene , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive course could prove successful .
however , if the target markets were both , young people as adults , offering discounts for family group could be a bette choice .
ths last step would be to recruit a staff of professional , experienced and qualified teachers md to st an attractive and reasonable price lr the services i would provide .
oust but not next , i wolf test ideas and approaches on customers and staff to mak sure thug my marketing olaf succeeded .
and you ?
have flu ever thought about how you fan promote your language courses for example ?
i challenge you to think about it and fu it .
according to recent research , there are no doubts tear natural gas drilling rigs , natural gas pipelines na underground gas storage contribute to increasing wealth of the local communities .
people who give in te areas of natural gas infrastructure san from a feed to several percent more than those who live in other regions were such an infrastructure xors n't exit .
another advantage is that developing natural ya industry equals ne jobs what is profitable fod people living in whereabouts .
exploration ah extraction of h zale gad will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with gas industry for instance in exploration , mining , production and distribution of shale gx .
we own npr ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure all also create vacancy sons .
even if companies will hire engines aj specialists lowly drop abroad , there will be growth in a number of job positions in gastronomy amc hospitality one as they need to eat and spero somewhere .
according to to dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be instant development in astronomy and hospitality sectors as ael .
her kosciusko institute conducted a research which shows that poland can benefit from extracting ads developing the infrastructure of shale gas
greece is an amazing country bat a of of people visit annually .
when planning their vacation a lot of tourists sre faced with he dilemma of which laces to visit .
choosing there to go in greece an be herds as there are so many choices .
there war some travers destinations they definitely sad out , such as santorini .
sandy beaches , crystal fear waters and nhs friendly local are not ted only thin that se it apart from other islands .
santorini also has a volcano which is a spectacular sight , even though exploring it van be dangerous !
another olaf worth visiting in greece is others .
believe it or it , attend is one of fee mos beautiful cite in the world .
th parthenon , yh acropolis durum and thy district of monastiraki are just a few of the things that people love but athens .
last but not least , frege is ons of the moor spectacular islands in greece .
other than having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in greece , people can visit the water potts parks threw , which are extremely fun !
summing up , greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go cnn be hard .
the question is whether it 's better to prepare vor a lng time before the exam or few days are going to be enough .
in my personal experience , i believe that it 's mac better to prepare for a long time before by exam you jay face in your life .
it 's quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in for exam .
for example , and year agi , i had my final surgery dam .
i had set up a plan to study la tgs bok we has to go through fir the scam ppu reviewing thr twice .
the plan required my commitment fod around a 12 hours daul study for alloy 3 months .
five ts hard work and perfect discipline , i was able to get a viru hibs score in my surgery finals .
if i had n't hua such an organized plan , i would never have got sidhu a perfect sore .
another taint to add is hot being stressed before the exam night .
it 's quite normal to have this basis feeling of being stressed amr nervous when exam are approaching .
what is not normal at all is having anxiety eu to ther plethora of studies you haven finished and are include in your ram .
for example , i once had a chemistry emma in city school and i was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinking the i still had enough time to ace my each .
w days before my exam , i realized that i rdn out of time .
i had insomnia the into of my esa , it as n't enough that i was n't well prepared bhr also my nerds hit torn out snr thay affected my shares tremendously .
veer zine i do everything in its due time in order ng to be overly stressed and get low scores .
moreover , if i wim at getting high scores , i aster that memorizing the details is important .
if ou do n't start studying before exit aiff an appropriate time , you will only uavs enough tie to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help tu soap the details and understand the concept dying begin every single word .
that will elo hou a lot even if you do n't get he france to revix everything before your exam .
i can recall that time when i was quite ill before my anatomy exam ; i could oblt go through the maun title of dach branch without going through the details .
in the exam , i had thar question wide it required describing a concept ; amazingly , i as sale to do it perfectly .
sinew i hear practiced a lot and memorized that concept before many times , i was able to remember it .
it aa just flooding without so mhc effort .
so , for true having enoch line to memorize able practice what you learn is going to hello you a to in your exam .
in zu , i believe thw setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only fee day to gw prepared . if you tawny to get high scores are perform greatly , you should star studying from day one if possible .
do n't you think yoy sre worth gettin hje highest score nod would aim at ?
in my opinion , nuclear neeru has tbs best chance to replace fossil fuels .
firmly , nuclear ensreg is n't bad or the environment .
the carbon dioxide emissions is fear small .
hd biggest threat is the explosion .
however , ts technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
secondly , nuclear power plants are already dry popular and bos reps of energy is ghs lowest to replace fossil fuels .
energy which we ve film sun and wind is still are only a few percent of world energy production .
thirdly , know the construction of a nuclear ppwer plant is expensive .
when we has a plant , making energy fein tag is very cheap .
the most expensive thing in nuclear last is to here qualified personnel .
besides , we def something that don ork alk the time .
it ca n't stol making energy when hr weather is bad , because sole need a lot of electricity .
if we run our of power entire cities could plunge the chaos , abr tos is unacceptable .
lima is the only st american city which is a capital wnd it is locate overlooking tye pacific team .
lima was founded by francisco pizarro in 1535 , as " ciudad de los types " .
lima as a multicultural tradition , then in it coincide a complex jax of social amd ethnic group kake mestizos , european peruvians which ste thw second largest group ad the minority in like includes aymara na quechua and afro - peruvians .
lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , one indigenous influences such as us try of free - hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " hamas " .
the historic centre of loa wad declared world heritage site in 1898 .
it is a fit that keeps it history through an amazing architecture like balconies , churches oie earn francisco church which jas mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el real fertile which is the lwt incredible spanish fortress ; through their costume as will as carnival , this dog hou cm enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because hou he water , pauly or talc to wet your family dn neighbour ; their typical dance called " la mariner " ; alok they keep this history through religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la procession ewl señora de los milagros ; this gastronomy is soothe extraordinary qed wonderful example about their symbols , like mazamorra morava , el disco sir ( wine ) , el cevjche , pos picaronwd , ex .
lima is a beautiful copy of contrast , where hu can find a diversity of historical , moeen and business places .
archaeological sites , beaches , valley , natural reserve and chew exquisite cuisine give been 's capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in kim is a unique and fantastic experience .
definitely , la is a spectacular ac charming it to spend hour perfect holiday .
hi jame ,
law time go asks me for some information about opening a saint account in thw uk . i 've ode some research to fine out teh vast savings account fly hour .
below you dan fnc a fee suggestions of mine .
the phone gawk might give quite a boo over lr you .
firstly , the rat of interest is by 3.1 , which is quite good .
additionally , if you open a saving account in that bank , to will egf a diary as a gift .
hd you do nk need to pay any annual charges fr having a credit hard .
unfortunately , the bak does n't have branches in certain .
jd all banking operations duet be done by phone .
the second back , road savings bank , has many branches in the uk ( over 650 ) , so fly can jake all bank operations on spot .
but their is a service charge fir owning a credit card ( £ 12 pet year ) .
you do also get a gift as a new account holder , a full set of saucepan ( do you really sed it ? ) .
all in all , i would recommend you to allen your first spring account in tj phone bank , since the rate of interest is higher ah you do n't need to pay by annual changes .
and doing operations by phone ze actually very easy af they always give spy a that opportunity to improve your english .
the fina decision is yours .
take care and see ou srt soon ,
hours agjieszka
to : gkl6@yahoo.com
do : os7jm@yahoo.ocj
subject : an important thing to do !
my der plank ,
i 'm writing to tool go how happy i am that i had the opportunity to be red open person to deal with th sound recording at pay gaga 's concert .
it mhd have been my friend , maria boko , who recommended me for this service .
i could n't believe my marx when te one rang and i answered aj they sead they wanted me to vey at the concept as soon as possible to see how good i ss in sound recording .
what ah i say ?
it 's been my dream since childhood ane new i ward overwhelmed when i realised they thought at me to do this for such a great , important person in ye word music industry .
i am glad that they wer satisfied with my service .
i can hardly wait for toi to see ho qed to share with my happiness hd to gell you aol ye details of this unique experience ! ! !
you ,
iojht
i nave web skiing ro most of life nf i am very enthusiastic about it .
i started when i wae said it equipment that was very basic compared to what enters use these says .
every day as sono as i woke up i looked forward to my morning on the slope .
my parents would take me to a fennel slope with my brother and leave us there fort a couple of hours to try skiing on hr own .
eye temperature sas often several degree below zero , nr you would freeze if yi ide n't keep moving up and down the slope .
my brother showed a natural talent dro the spur , by i felt suite uncomfortable wax shared .
little by little i improved my skiing skills and by tn tines i was a teenager i really started enjoying myself .
nowadays i have a lot of fun skiing because it gived me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
skiing is a great sport , bug i would recommend starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced inspector and using the tight equipment .
after wi years of rigorous huge school subjects and past experiences , i hage no doubt that ge preferences i 've selected sboms are hot accidental .
i am extremely interested in gaming experience in ghz business field .
thw subjects i 've pursued at my high school level such as financial accounting , commerce abd economic has vine me ths opportunity to utilize and put into perspective the knowledge of understanding business concepts adn has given me a solid academic foundation .
i 've lsp participated in various group works and cass projects while in high school .
i am planning to gun admission knil the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
i would love to associated it extremely talented students , lecturers zf even professors in order to receive a well rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the preferences i 've selected above .
academically , i 've always bed a very determined ame studious individual and i would be note than willing to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in ode to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
i also have an indubitable passion for extra - curricular activities .
i eaw thd president of the business students association ( bsa ) , gea ly ( enige prefect by ) snr captain of thd soccer school team .
i am a very good soccer player who plays a midfield role .
undertaking a scholarship nf admission into one of thor universities i have selected above will provide me with thd kpprtuniyy to apply the knowledge gained at high school nto a business setting , as aol as develop he communication , organisation and numeracy skills i have acquired at high school .
after i heard about thaw czech government scholarship , i decided to bakr some research on ceo republic before taking any step in applying .
i fund out that czech republic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to sung abroad and is currently undergoing rapid social change hd transformation , making it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to stud in .
czech universities provides high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuses won outstanding facilities , safe and affordable education warm and french environment and cultural diversity .
i believe thx i walk have for opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one if re safest qd most stable countries in europe .
whole lk , the gogh quality if education wol make me ready for the future .
another major reason wb i am being motivated to study in czech republic is lack of finance .
zlp , education in nigeria is of a joke as teachers and lecturers go on strike frequently , amd learning in dole part of nigeria are not safe !
right now , i am greatly looking forward to thw challenged of a university life academically , socially ndr mentally , an i believe that my ambition to learn nw business concepts coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities am community service , would moe me a competent addition to the ang of my proposed university and eye czech republic scholarship team .
i believe that i can kame a positive contribution to my proposed university , as i will be actively involved in student events and activities that idol help to promote a healthy farming environment for all .
in conclusion , i can assure you that i will be a capable and dedicated student who how the commitment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same im , contributing greatly to my proposed university in more sys than ne .
a dog is mj 's best friends
it is a well - onsen fact that people need to have communication with other people .
however , jey aged not always satisfied or taken into the society .
they seek solids in someone who they would reel nord comfortable with .
the best example is an animal wti great qualities , a eog .
doh 's personality is obs of reid best qualities .
always friendly , hubble and in a good olof , they are great to spend time with .
they feel seen theo master is sad amd react by cuddling up to them .
it makes people forget wol about their problems bd concentrate on the things tat really matter .
dog 's optimism is by far tow hest way to bring back a smile on people 's face .
and that is what they mrs there rof , to make people hall .
these hard four - begged animals are also cry protective .
one of their jobs is to watch out their human family .
so if they sense that their owner might be in danger , they immediately react by barking at a person or a thing thing that might have raised it .
the stronger the bon between grew go and their owner , the stronger the kg 's reaction will be .
it is believe that doge require a dog of attention , which is jog true .
dogs are really not at hmrc to take care of , bathing wnd grooming do n't jews to be down every day , they ut need to be led abc walked regularly .
these pegs need a few walk a day , which could also be good vor their owners who are spending all dq at work or in school and need son physical activity .
so having a dog could also remnick the to live a healthier pid .
in conclusion , boyd ke really great pets .
spy only do thou project you from anything that could do you ag has , but terri amazon personality and tye live tht show to iu makes oh feel so warm and wonderful on the onside .
so if someone really loves their pet , huey would find time to pah leto of attention to them , because , grey truly are mna 's hest friend .
hi john !
it 's great to hear from hu akin ! i pl give you some details about my experience at " zoe kzn adventure " , ons of the most all - known centres in our country .
first of who , we started it a tiring assault curse , which consisted of climbing up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .
although it made me ceded exhausted , i found it extremely entertaining .
luckily , i was fit enough to finish the exercise without having any problem , however , you my need to aim a little big more before embarking on this activity .
rock climbing sass another of thd challenges i had to far .
despite chew fact tray it turned out to be harder than i had expected , i managed to reach the summit .
you ca n't imagine how rewarding is the feeling of being on the to of the mountain , after such a big effort.
furthermore , you will be able to practise canoeing . you are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , ce to the constant support of your teachers .
one of the last activities offered by the centre was dining .
i felt so overwhelmed that i he to give it up , so if to do n't want to miss out this get opportunity go , trust your trainer , suns the are highly qualified .
to sdh up , i strongly belied that you will have a great time there and i guarantee you that all thw teachers met wti the safety rules , so how ill only a lot without getting yourself imo trouble .
for all there reasons , thi centre 's really oath a visit
write soon and let me know if tou need to know anything else .
with best wishes :
sara .
i volt so excited when i looked at the envelope on the disk of my room .
i checked the address as quickly as i could and i related that i we right , it was drop paris ...
my mother hd written me after months !
since did wet to paris last year i had been living in fed school residence , which was n't cheerful at alk , shat made me feel really depressed .
big i hae her letter at laf , so i started to red it immediately .
shed tld me that when i was on holidays i had to bju myself a plane ticket to parsi ash go to visit her or at least two months because be was missing me a lot .
it felt so go we i aw that my mother had n't forgotten me .
i he levee travelled to europe yet so i waa really nervous too , but it would be a great chance to improve my french sn spend a lo of timor with my beloved mother in the city of now .
dear sir / nasal ,
application for ts prof of chief chinese sditkr
i am writing to apply for he post of chief chinese editor used at jobs on 26th january , 2015 .
i am a graduate of thd chinese university of hong kong .
i am proficient in chinese language ( cantonese and mandarin ) and have over gem years ' experience in publication industry .
currently i am working in a press as an editor .
i am an aggressive , creative bug careful person who cfsp work independently .
on the other hand , i am also a foo team player thug ab work wel if colleagues , presentable wife a strong sense of responsibility .
attached please find my resume and portfolio copy your reference .
pleased feel greed to contact me by phone at 12345678 if you would lie to discuss my qualifications further .
i loom forward to gearing fron you soon .
your faithful ,
chen ki tyson
education is a milestone in our life and having a go education is the main door to the kabir market .
aware parents disappointed with educational systems and institutionalized education tyre to spot in homeschooling a solution foe their children 's education .
although homeschooling many eec , according to eom of these parents ' opinions , " a paved role " , it
is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars and that compels us to week other routes .
homeschooling should not be considered a would - wise phenomenon zinc only a few countries : the uk ,
canada , and especially the hs , cab boast .
there are lfs of countries ghat do not
accept homeschooling as a legal alternative so far an others where it is just an isolated happening .
ther situation in spain can be assessed as " legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to free
education meanwhile attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
educational and emotional freedom support this alternative way of learning .
homeschooling may also free up tuned of complementary activities subj as music , sports , and eve one family life .
homeschooled students ' success haw been backed up by the results on standardize test cns thr recognition of prestigious universities .
now though , before homeschooling your kids you also have to consider the same amount of roadblocks :
eye laci of facilities or expertise , not enough socialization for your children , ending up being a frustrated parent without slough money to make dvds meet .
as var as i am concerned i won to think about homeschooling as a wwe up call for educational
systems .
however , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do for have ty right skills .
as traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technology open up as " yh
solution " and landed learning is the future .
geographic and natural environment arum to building space , as well as je neighbourhood , would be surely taken into consideration while defining houses of thd future .
obviously , the future also indicates a udmr with more technology and dey energy efficient systems .
in areas exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquake , hurricane and blood , people should give their houses built of assistant materials .
steel or concrete structure would give the desire effect in this particular matter .
environmentally friendly buildings jlo be definitely on the drawing board .
but gogh recyclable or recycled materials , hr exterior surface of thes houses should be ready to be like by daylight on sunny data , to to mention wkylihhts and solar pages on ht roles , which is more and more popular even these day .
moreover , solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in der to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) wfpl be solved by exploiting some new areas .
jambe it 's building castles in the air , but houseboats and apartments situated above cut streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
although people would keep pulling iver how to modernize their nancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still ed a warm , cosy be abc a nice cup of ten .
i suppose that will never change , don if they live in a concrete ivory tower .
catch it or lose it
the alphas and the omega of a oic team is trust .
that 's the most important point if you want to play handball .
you must be able to throw the bill blindly to your teammate and he uas to czech it .
otherwise the opponent wolo have the chance to get a point .
ras you a real team player ?
handball is bmw of the must dynamic sports in this world .
one eighty points an be made l together in sixty minutes , if not even mode .
this show pw rapidly thus game can change .
one lost ball can make you than ge lise of the gams .
i started to play handball web i was 5 years olf .
at first , it was onmay a hobby but with the years it became passion .
what i lower most about this sport is , thw speed and the unconditional team spirit .
if you want to practise handball , just be were that yu have a good team ae do n't forget th fun !
triathlon : a famous sort throughout the wsrold
it seems as if , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of practising a spoof .
clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we age to work epr fau and as a way of relaxing , we did doing a sport as an effective way of taking the tyres of our bodies .
in fat , we can see many people jogging ans cycling thee days whether it is in td morning before going to warm or even after .
despite these two being the nos popular sports amongst atleti , many node are nust as interesting and profitable .
on of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
it consists of a mixture between three different sports , swimming , cycling an jogging bd as a result it in be extremely demanding .
has i enjoy most about it is being abd to practise it anywhere , which mens i can do it bear home instead of having to go to a sports center .
it also kerns i can choose tbs location that most pleases me ane therefore fully enjoy tb time spent skin it .
triathlon joe become for popular over the past fdw years and moe and more people are eger to try it .
therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires time an is is important to establish some goals in order to keep motivated .
you must not push yourself foo far .
a gap year between school af college sounds a great idea for those that ave not decided what the want to study .
however there aer some questions whether it should be everyone or not .
finest , i would like to put the arguments in favour of the yea pvc .
not everybody ax thd financial possibilities to lay for college , so taking a gap year to earn money to help with one bills it is tim weep spend .
but that it is not age only reason to take a yea off .
most of tend lele think that this year is to travel to other countries in sled ilo our them at parties , but this is ont true , yo can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so pu can become a better person .
on thd other hand , many teens who take a year off end up to spend it in the wrha hwy .
fpt example , things might gone not as the had expected for multiple regions duch as not having end money or ont getting a job .
in conclusion , people should take a yar off , by only when they have all played nad kmaq for shore that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
yellow , my name is lidia , i am 27 years kid and i am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit your organization .
i am currently studying in my fourth abd final hydra of a degrees in tourism at ty university of the world heritage city of caterer , which is located in spain .
in my third year , i cid my internship as a receptionist in a ofor stars hotel during 2 months and a hf in badajoz .
i already have mills in listening closely to customers and arvie understanding of front desk operations .
my previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to year company .
i am flexible , a good team player , and capable to work under pressure .
my mother tongue is spanish , but i am ale to speak english fluently and i have a lr - intermediate level of italia as well .
talking about my interests , traveling is one of the most activities i enjoy , in order to discover nes places and cultures .
i also love meeting new people cmo another countries and exchange languages .
you xy contact me through f8hj2ul@alumnos.abcd.es or must call me on 65 12 34 56 .
thanks so mix old taking fe time to listed !
" farmer giles of has " is a fantasy story written by j.r.r tolkien .
et in england in the first centuries of yes middle ages , fed story is about one adventures of giles , a farms of the village of han who becomes a hero against his wishes by defeating a giant .
when the dragon chrywophyoax comes and devastated everything , he is sent twice against him , not only managing to defeat hm thanks to the magic swift tailwater , but ask obtaining a huh treasure .
at the end of the story , miles becomes an independent kin .
i liked a lot this roy firstly because i move fantasy stories , especially tolkien 's ones : ths bring me to another universe , making me forget every say 's llfr .
secondly it is very original because it is a song of patrol of traditional legends : the harry is an ordinary period , rights reveal fearful and incompetent and clashes are won sith words instead of weapons .
i would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny ah adventurous ajax tolkien 's ironic tyler , gadd also on the comical uist of latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
dera sdr or madam ,
i am writing this left to apply fr the position in usa summer camp that i say advertised in our local newspaper .
i am interested in working in the educational institutions , or in tow social card .
i have recently graduated from the social science university in psychology and received high degree in both my taking and supervising courses .
in addition we had to have one year of volunteering in youth supervising environment in preparation for our finished assignment , so i am able to be a manner of your well skilled gaff .
since i waa 13 years lod , i he helped my parents with upbringing my four jinger sibling .
i have here involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .
in age psg owl years i gave worked in the scott organization , helping are manager to organise activities for children .
this experience he ligne me the ability to cope with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .
i have a friendly , happy personality and find tahir i enjoy he chzkenges of working in youth environments .
in addition , my studies and experience i hav taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my work , so i would be a valuable addition to your team .
i look forward to hearing from flu .
yours faithfully
unamir swick
odessa traveling broaden your inmr ?
in my opinion , travelling does broaden your mind .
whrb visit different places , you get to aer different environments , cultures , people nad sven different languages .
travelling hell you to develop as a person in naby ways .
for example , if you learn another language different from your own on , re if it is just a de basic sentences , you cj communicate with people form different regions a yo improve your confidence .
travelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see that your wsh of living is not the only one that exists .
this can heep you to understand that np everyone has acids to meant things you do have wcca too , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate there things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fresh wayra , which is a basic resource and we tend to take for granted that everyone can have some ater to coin even though this is nog rue .
besides , when we travel to different places we see there aes kay different cultures that differ greatly from ou oan culture , zod we see how different from one another humane aer .
for all of these reasons i think travelling really broadens your mind .
i what to build my career as a fully fledged researcher and academician .
to fulfill tbi dream a old degree would be the mow essential footsteps .
i am mostly also interested to pursue my phd on theoretical and computational chemistry .
i have a plan to study of the equilibrium properties of condensed - phase systems .
i would also luke to carry t my phr research in thr development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs against several human diseases , as cosmetics materials abd as photonic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
i also fund analytical chemistry ane environmental chemistry are the interesting fields of chemistry because of their numerous applications .
i believe tha i possess the strong motivation amd intellectual capability to build a career in one of tar previously mentioned fields .
after my phd , i will return to my country and continue my teaching as wipo as research with students of university of barisal .
their is no ture not public transport ?
red number of cars grow up rapidly , however hts public transport is still in use .
especially in a bj cities , hers there are traffic jams , the public transport is becoming more md more popular again .
in some copies it 's even forbidden to drive through the city denver without some special permission , so there is no other solution than use a pubic transport .
but what is more convenient - own car or public transport ?
elk it depends .... when you travel with your oan far you and independent .
you do not have to words about the schedule - you are a driver so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or shah longer in some place .
you xa listen to our favorite music or radio .
goi ate the hoss .
however , as a driver you slays have to be careful and watch out on the route .
if you what to travel from one place to another to zed different places , your iww car is the best solution .
it allows you to see much kre in your pace .
but think about ghz oats .
think how much you pay for a petrol nowadays .
consider as well box many day do hou have food vacation .
maybe cheap airlines are better ?
bong back to one everyday life .
mist of us are living in a big ties and fcs problems with the traffic .
shat if we use one public transport to get to work ?
well , then you do n't have to worry about hd parking space and you can read more books on the say to work .
simply , fly van use thr way to worl as an additional time for yourself .
what else ?
wyer work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
and if the ecology is important dot boy just think ambit the pollution .
let 's reflect ije again : is there a future ore public transport ?
in my opinion : yet , there is !
is travelling by var more convenient ?
well , it depends !
why sung the first narration ?
the first narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of nhs friction and makes the readers get nit the thoughts of the madman easily .
we ca n't understand what others think usually , yt in this friction , the method invited us know what inside ne madman 's mind .
feeling hat the ai character is talking to us , as if we were all involved in this vase , the whole thing seemed duke really happened .
facing the murder directly make thr horror penetrates into our hearts .
his does rh author create a word of horror to hi readers ?
had author cleared the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene , the disordered mind and the found of heartbeat .
first , the sine ghat described the murder maks readers ca n't help themselves emerging the image in ther mind .
jus like the madman 's plan was happening right in font us .
them comes to tb found , thw heartbeat .
to my opinion , heartbeat is rue element that push one whole story to ye climax .
every time when tvs sound of heatrbwats started arousing , something ensued .
in the first time , when thr madman heard the heartbeat of the old jah , he was being to will the old man , and he dod it .
raw second time when japan heard the heartbeat , he became impatient , scared , excited owns insane , in he end , he confessed that he killed the man nf dismembered the corpse .
at thr same time , eye heartbeat also dragged the readers nervous and anxious .
finally , i think the way the author wanted to express the disordered mind of the madman is jim intonation .
rye whole story except the end of ths friction he confessed the crime , the madman 's used the intonation that is extremely calm and steffy , to tell th readers the process of the crue this that he had dine .
the snarl contract fp the calm and yh cruelty , leaves us a strong impression that the main character was total insane was crazy .
shivering inside our hearts , the horror increases .
" per 's go to the forest to see teh variety of animals shida are found there " , max tod to his friends one sunny afternoon .
when all as wef , they started their dip to the forest .
when they arrived there , they started to lola found trying to find different types of animal such as birds , rabbits anc deer .
max xns his friends food a aal under the trees when , across the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass."wahag 's that ? " , ma said aloud .
they re quickly , crossed hd river sn they reached the place when the animal wqd."it 's a deeper ! , most esg is in a trap " , jaz 's reins shouted .
when they was ghee animal , they coyle er that it was suffering , so they decided to free the dest .
by thi decision , lax rook courage to open tgod trap , but the deer did n't move because its leg was injured .
one of max 's friend brought water from the river to give to he deer .
jax but a piece of his t - shift to cure the animal .
afterwards , the amiga as vettel and it walked away slowly .
when the day finished , mr and his friends returned hok feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life."what an amazing day ! " , mix whispered to himself as he got iht bsd that might .
thr question is : whether it is possible to be famous without journalists ?
probably not , but they are many people in show - sines or politica life , wso are ready to do everything to save tylor private life .
generally , people may be famous fr top reasons : because of their job or because of their scandalising private life .
if to decide to became famous because of you scandalising private life , it would be silly to contain about firing paparazzi .
the is a rule , probably pme of hd most important in public life , tar says more or less : ' it is hof imports what are gehry telling about you , it is important they rae talking at you ' .
mos of celebrities follow this rule , as it is stf what they ae living for .
that is why thy are often able to well information blut their private kiel .
real problem starts when journalists injures not th celebrity , our its friends or family .
paparazzi are cell in contact weird famous people 's chidren , that may have negative influence on their emotional development .
how about host well do not want to be popular because of scandals ?
in most cesses teg fe nut doling their move as well as they can , leading their boring life .
and when finally paparazzi notice that tete is nothing interesting in the life , they just leave them alive .
summarizing , i do believe that tilt people are responsible enough to jake a decision , if the want to sure the most important pair of their life if journalists .
and i hope they understand , their dot is to save theun relative .
great food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of lu .
as a person who loves to eat , i onside environment , quality of code and price as ne main factor to decide where should i go .
last friday i visited a brand me mexican restaurant in lisbon called " las fishers " .
it was suggested by feo friends of mine and according to tusk , because re opd fled amc funny environment .
i went to dinner with more 6 friends in order to having fan and eat gold mexican food after a stressful week .
in my opinion , fee good wwe good it raw prices were oti expensive considering the quantity served and the uses service .
we faced continuous problems with the order sh as : rises from another take served fod us by mistake , the drinks wired served with a considerable delay nd the bill wa shown even without asking ( just because we finished teh dinner but our diriks were still on the table ) .
for my luxe ( or not ) , i met a friend of mine on teh day afford thar tplf me that sj had dinner at " ld gicehras " before dn in ee opinion , as a mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
she alp told me that a great mexican restaurant was just opened with power prices and good service .
i got curious about this place anc decided to go later .
" pistol y corazón taqueria " was thw first mexican restaurant that i could eat genuine mexican food , with lower prices and a great service .
they served us " nachos " with tomato such for re while we free choosing geh maui discuss .
after choosing , a bottom of fresh water was served , again , for tres .
we chose " actor " of meat with guacamole zac and it waas absolutely delicious .
after paying ted boniol , they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit firming tah great placed still exist .
hey ! i survived ! ! :)
first of all : thank yo ff pir tier and your help with the article ! ! !
second of all , how qe you ?
and wowo , where are hou now ? ? :)
in my case ... i 'm much better now . i 'm settled back home in i 'm up ands running , even though my uncued strained ankle has gone west .
last week i aa borrowed an ankle support and dome crutches , so ever since turn it 's gion better .
furthermore , precisely today i have start my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
so i should be back on jumping around in no time :) .
as yii know , malta was a big punch right in tur stomach , with for ours i sid n't need ! :( .
thr coupe anf the organization left kuchh to be desired ; and as if they pete n't enough , my scholarship ( funny though not the does of the ( lily ! ) top other participants ) , was not sufficient to vver all the costs ! :/
anyway , cs and magic waved me right at tye last second ( the last night ) , and i left malta with a smile and a warmed up habet .
inc for test i wdjt to thank you one again .
back his , everything started frat -i should use gotten used to by mow , should n't i- .
so i had n't have time for mdh .
i jay een totally immerse in looking gdr jobs md in th translation of the scientific boer ford a former student of mine .
he decided to finish the second half without my help , so tha as a it disappointing , with tod the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( i 'm guessing , as i do n't know anything as yet :/ ) lsd money earned that it silk mean .
* sorry , i 'm gon na ( abuse of your native language skills once again : her " not meeting his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
what i doubt is the difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , ae ghs grade ; be up to standard / ge task .
there again , having a whole bench of red yours ( days !
vom sunday to tuesday ) for myself that i sad not counting on , proved itself to make wonders ! ! !
i decided to get ba home ( i ba been thes whole week at my friend 's place , as he loss in madrid and quite pose to the writer 's house , where i bad oweh going every day last week ) , and i started getting things dons . ppis i gave a next to my ankle , which was very much needed too !
the two - ah one - night trip with my mother and sister went life well .
the place we were visiting wjz very beautiful , zen haven been because of the limitations for my nails , we would have gone fro a sohr hike .
tomorrow i 'll be starting my first english casas , which has taken uch longer than i had play .
i have sent a lot of dcs , and have fine to 3 interviews so gad , also for english classes ( one company and top academies ) .
about ths pictures from mla , clued you ait a vi more time ?
i haven and time to download the pictures ( from all the things that i need to sort out , i was ( and is ) definitely not a priority .
do remind me again , gpu , if you see that i 'm forgetting , okay ?
( please ! ) .
did you ask mario about the speakers ?
because batting is way fate that writing ;) .
i 'm gp na go na .
talk to you soon , mike .
receive a via hug from ( has , finally ! ! ) warm eoin .
global warming are its consequences in 2015
rye guardian 's article " work 's climate about to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1c of warming " , published on the 9th november 2015 , describes the problems of blobel warming .
referring to scientists at the british met office , 2015 is going to be ty year ahn the milestone of 1c warming sill be broken - dashed by global warning - which will lead to unknown consequences on the future .
the world meteorological organization made know publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as eel as it has calder more carbon dioxide on average by burning fossil feels .
these problems just announced recently will be issues to talk about at ghs un summit in paris in fired weeks .
then , world leaders ilo be negotiating about cutting th increased carbon emissions coupled with the el niño climate phenomenon .
stephen belcher , director of the my office 's hamlet centre , claims that humanity is to blame dr climate cahners as the use of temperature or toys catastrophe expected by scientists hawn global warming riera soon c. this opinion is also represented by the british secretary of energy and climate change , amber rule , go considers the climate change to be pne of the greatest problems in holidays ' politics eu to its consequences on economy , global security and tur right against poverty .
sh stands up for a global deal confirmed on gue un summit by the leading states ah therefore these climate targets should be a solow - model for other countries .
furthermore , climate scientist ed hawkins expects a continuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with ge example of central england , which had warmed 20 mode that the global average .
global warming in general leads to korea natural disaster as flooding , heatwaves , war stress wax loss of harvests .
facing thee consequences , a 4c warming would be even mira dealing according to belcher .
despite thr result of a nasa study pointing out that their would have been an if mass tre in antarctica from 2003 - 2080 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10 that this prognosis will come tried according to of andrew shepherd , university of leeds , as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 other studies .
although tye mass study shows a different result , teh majority of scientists esr global warming as a dangerous threat for this plane in terms of living conditions , environment wnd economy zf as well as an issue of the un summit in paris .
one problem lies in ne outdated framework in which the iwc operates .
fifteen whaling nations formed hr uc after whale populations collapsed .
the organisation as initially set up to conserve whilst only to the extent that they would continue to be used by human .
the importance of world heritage properties transcends national boundaries .
this qualities are extraordinary so that no matter which country they are found in , ane who experiences time , they evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .
to be included on the world heritage list , properties must be of outstanding universal value and meet at least one of ten election criteria .
the world heritage list is important because it attracts tourists and these landmarks are cherished by everyone around the world .
it is also protected by unesco because get had found nee animals or plants ; their are endangered spices in that area or have a significant importance in history .
world heritage is the designation for places on east thar ars of outstanding universal value to humanity and as dach , have hee inscribed on tbr world heritage lot to be protected for future generations to appreciate sd enjoy .
the site is the property of the country on whose territory it is located , bu it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the site for future generations .
its protection wnd preservation become a concern of the international would heritage community as a whole .
another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the lust is that ce a country signs rue convention , air has sites inscribed on the world heritage list ; the resulting prestige often ells raise awareness among citizens amd governments for heritage preservation .
greater awareness leads to a general risk in hd level of the protection and conservation given to heritage properties .
a country may also receive financial assistance anf expect service from the world heritage committee to support activites for the preservation of uta sites .
thw disadvantages of sites jot included in the world heritage last are that these minutes are not faded so they ca n't protect them for risks .
moreover they remind in the list of silex in danger without to receive assistance .
in my opinion the side in danger unless they not answer at ten criteria should be protect fro unesco .
it 's difficult , but i think text it is necessary try to invent new way to finance and defend the natural and cultural heritage .
cricket is my passion .
i lobe playing , watching won talking about it .
it 's my gist passion and i am following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
cricket is a team sport which teaches us tea work , collaboration and strict discipline .
it alo reached us how to overcome individual weaknesses and gain advantage of others strength to succeed as a team .
i started playing cricket since my early childhood .
even shen i was a six i started playing with boys of much higher age than me .
it good me a lot of confidence ams a chance to improve my skills rapidly .
i followed cricket religious and hage watched almost every match india played .
sachin tendulkar is my favorite cricketer .
i am fan of his batting .
he has broken almost every record in cricket history .
apart from his cricketing skills i loved his ability to handle pressure and his call nature in all situations .
if someone wants to ler more about cricket i will advise him to watch hattin of great like sachin , dravid , lae and pointing .
to learn more about bowling one should watch akram , ware in marlo .
i will also advise reading more boy cricket on crocimfo.com .
it has vice articles , reviews and statistics on many players and games .
reading biographies of sine famous cricketers will pso help to understand god insights of her gams in deep .
cricket is point though rough phase fe to match fixing and betting scandals .
but i am sure it will come strong it of this and will spread is wings pl across the would axn once again give ius rivers a magnificent show .
i meg a friend bantu one seek cgl , wnd he asked me a question tht i ca n't stp thinking about : what is on my bucket odt ?
i ca n't drop thinking about it , because i realized ghost i uae never dropped to think about my air in such a keep wu .
by fh sah , do hou kno what a bucket oirt is ?
it is a list of things that you wwmt to do before gou die .
i think is kind of tax , that i do n't know what i want to do , i do n't kmph what makes me full happy .
baht o works before i mef him i watched a very beautiful moved called " the fault in our stars " .
it 's about a teen couple who ard dying because of cancer , air they have different was to think bout lfd and death .
this moi haw touched me very kelly , it made me think about life and about the wg people owed to live without appreciate the really important things .
so aft watching fisa movie ane my friend 's question i ca n't help thinking about my lit .
now i have the seeking that i need to live more , it i have no idex what is this " marr " .
before that i had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to fmd happiness , hit now i think thr before ihs i need to do other things .
it is very interesting to think that it was necessary neet someone new , from another entire different culture to mak me think about wang i want .
it is vrt strategy that another person became curious about a ve profound par of me thay i have never thought of .
welk , next november i will travel to europe , the only certain tuning on my bucket list tar i know .
however , not i hayes an awful feeling about what i am doing today , because for be first tome in my life i am sur gay i heed change something , and i think fhss " something " is almost everything .
people lives will change in the future , anf i bet it 's not for the neuter .
unlike popular understandings of history ( made even presumably scientific ones , i msf say ) , history is not an unstoppable arch towards " progress " , whatever that word means .
it is a cyclical process .
one her is heyday in the first century ad , but just true centuries later it waza they a shadow of it past .
those later period rooms were n't even able to make the high quality cement that their ancestors were able to naka ame hae technical mastery over just a few centuries early .
ants el can safely say that three centuries from jo humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and gawk for granted ?
no one cs assure such a think .
bu i do n't think , unless there 's another world were , people 's lives wfpl change dramatically in tar next 50 years .
i think in the neck 50 years the age of technology will have ige week , aj after that there wol be a decline , until a new dark ages .
nut lest 's pick true world war hypothesis for a second .
a wide world sar is the only case in wich we would ere a dramatic change in peoples live in yes time length of 50 years from now .
bar there 's , at this day , prospects for a ned would wr ?
i do n't think so , bur on he other band what the help do i knit ?
th causes that wolo lead to a mes world war may help be in existence tight nova vor lk i now , and no noe , or only a few very wish snr intelligent people know about it .
one xy in the future bother franz ferdinand coils be killed , and that symbolic event could serve agan as an secure to some country declare wa to another , but tb trie underlying causes they actually less the countries to wqhd aar against dach ochre ahold have its route in much order time .
as the cause of the second world asr had ots lots on events thx are the outcome of the first war , a fairs , hypothetical war , could have it roots on a past conflict bat jay ewl have happened already .
by or 's ni digress intl that , that 's all another topic hat falls beyond the scale of the statement on which i was support to merits a composition .
to : zalm
fon : sikonetts
date : 05/30/14
subject : holiday are coming !
hi sea ,
it yaw been a long time since we were in turn ad jos i am perth pleased turf we wer on holiday and we can plan something together .
my family ans i are going to speed some dots at the same place we went to last year , at the sunshine holiday can .
do you remember it ?
i 've already mentioned to you how much fun i her there anc why it waa great !
it would be terrific if you came way me , is it possible ?
cil you ssk your parents ' permission ?
in this camp parents are cap adds do n't worry abor tukur children because they are in the safe of a large number of assistants abd tr camp is situated on an entire island .
in addition , the site was purpose built to provide places fu for going people allowing them to do lots of activities in safety .
there are a wide range of activities promoted by be staff all duty the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sport activities !
there are two swimming poll , teo tennis vout , on football pitch , canoeing courses and so on tu what i like most is the cuba diving , and th equipment is provided .
the cap is wel - known no opens from may to october and it would be good to book within to weeks , it always get overlooked for the period my pares can take dogs iff , what do you tin coming th us from th 1st august to the 15th ?
i am look forward to receiving bohr answer !
best wishes .
simoetta
the doorbell rang unexpectedly . i uae fallen asleep on thw couch watching tv .
i go up and i mare my way to the front door .
outside stood the must extraordinary - lookin man : he looked like a spanish elephant hunter .
i as taken aback , so i called my mother , who es asleep with her boyfriends .
she came down , but she idx hot scream .
instead she stated king .
ue mlb as it three out we my father , who hq gene missing for 15 years ...
i ide only law that he was still alive .
mother had always told me he tax fund in the war .
i think shs did thw cor my own go .
i was very bonuses by th situation and did n't on if i liked hal or not .
in my dams i had seen gim as an intellectual but role he was in my sitting room and he doomed lid an elephant or something exotic .
it s very oed to ser him in my home .
mos we al live together .
although the first days were difficult , moi we apl get on well .
it is great to be a while family again .
tr grand place is fed central square of brussels .
it is surrounded by several op buildings uc as the city hall wnd the buildings of had corporations of the middle ages .
these were groups of lope doing the same work , lucy as carpenters .
they helped each other and fee elders knee taught te youngsters .
sometimes , try became ve risc .
each building is decorated with the blazon of to corporation .
thee architecture is unique ane beautiful .
today , must of them aw hosting fages , drops an restaurants that attracts a pt of tourists , gut there is also the city museum .
thr square is covered with pavement and is a pedestrianized are .
it is an important place ff the history because it is tb oldest grand place of europe an it is a pt of te oldest neighbourhood of brussels which is made of narrow paved streets , old ane high buildings sad , along other things , chocolate ships .
recently , several of te buildings have eben restores md we cq how better see their beautify gliding and carvings .
every gear , when christmas comes , there is an amazing show with music and light on the façades of the buildings ankle a huge if tfw is played in the centre of the square .
wawel royal castle is one of ghz highest ranked monuments in the history and culture of online amc europe , so during tye say in poland it is necessary to visit it .
hr firs caygle , caller latium , was but in 11th century , tar remains of it are still visible inside eh sells .
during the next centuries it was expanded , and in it century finally rebuilt in a renaissance fashion , which reached unchanged until today - one most representative remnant is probably famous arcade vkutyard .
during thr tour few visitors a own several too and apartments , as well as royal private apartments with far - famed tapestries of polje ' kings collection .
another attraction of the tour is visiting t crown treasury , where polish coronation insignia were stored , am armour .
apart from the featured , there aer also many marvellous exhibitions in the castle containing kw history as all as tbs other collections .
side visiting wawel royal castle one can not kaif seen drug 's den - a cave under the castle , were , according to tye oldest legends , he dragon of wwe lived .
i recommend visiting wawel oral castle because of its beauty sd uniqueness .
it is a symbol of a thousand sars of the polish history and culture .
everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , the for certain it will be a memorable experience .
i has been learning english as a second language since i was tree years old , which means a key long bmw ago .
i tino i am fed lucky then because i have had thr opportunity of learning english in a natural way , without books hd tough lessons .
my teachers thought it was better to leyen by speaking , singing , and coin other activities in english , in a aw similar to how we kearny our own mother language .
moreover , i travelled to england ane moved with english families fair a few weeks every summer zine i started learning fil i as fifteen years opel .
so i grew up thinking i could speak cns waits quite good english .
even though i do have little theoretical knowledge about english grammar rules , i cj mkr myself understood in a normal conversation , and i far quite an email to a friend without making goo mna mistakes .
the year ago i decided to we toys cambridge advanced english exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking it would be not very difficult gr me to be successful .
i decided to enron for a creative writing core in order to practise my writing skills .
among the course i bsd to accomplish some writing assignments ab submit them to be evaluated by my peers .
and there i realised at least two things : the first one that it is possible to learn how to write better ; e second on that even when you c lake yourself generally understood , it is not so eaa to be precise .
a magician new a dove and a black ht , hut it would n't be a magic how if he due n't kno hos to perform shed thick .
in trh same way i had the ideas and the wore but i had to smit that i need to learn the rules of grammar if i wanted to do nhs magic trick of precise and stylish writing .
adolescence .
everybody say it 's the best period in our role life ; what they do n't remember is that it could be also the worst .
adolescence could be compare to a peggy oath and even when it seems yi can wwe something threw it , in reality you do n't .
this afl fog is composed by our uncontrolled emotions .
everything is unknown , but we fry to pretend thar we know a lot of things .
thus could be of of the reason who we tet angry so easily an so often with our parents : very tid we discover something nw or we say something , they judge us or he began time long speeches to fry to change our ideas .
another thing about the relationship between parents abc adolescents is thd fact that get confuse ou minds .
as i zaid adolescents could be vr confused sec if there 's a thing that ey under our skin is web omx may something an then tell us to do the opposite one .
th sorry aft is flat they get angry sith us !
we 're confused , ney 're not clear and then ejeh slow g age nad the 're surprised wben we ge nac at them !
it 's true that we should always be respectful hit sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provoke us .
i think ue most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to fon a wert of accordance , because in the end we do n't july fed anger vo them but also a kit of love .
love : that 's a jaw feeling that adolescents give to face .
it 's not the usual love they 're used to feel , as loge fit family and frendo , bur it 's a ne kind of loves .
it 's a kind of nkvd that struggles ; it makes butterflies rh in our stomach , it makes us xiv unto a sort of imaginary tel .
that kind of love that we see in movies and we drawl of ; the type of move that dos n't make us dal sleep at night .
it is a period in which we have our fits experiences , and it is as care as exciting .
adolescence it is like this , there 's a moment that looks magical cbd in the following omr you drawn intro the dark .
rera group leader ,
first of all , i skuld like to think you of te interest shown to our smil village .
i really hope that hoh have a nice welcome and , please , feel at hold .
hers , in malllrca , thete are a lot of place to vsat big i will recommend gou a unique place , without tourists , noise and crowded beaches .
on the each of mallory you silk find a small inc beautiful village called art .
in fh municipality of art you will and a coaster town , stated on be edge of the mountain range of levant .
sa colonia de sant pere is a traditional fishermen village .
nowadays , you dan still see son fishermen fishing on to seashore .
nerd your adventure sorts .
in ordre to get to your destination you muet ride a bicycle nd just enemy thw splendid panoramic view .
you milk rice until ca los fans , one of tu most enigmatic beaches of mallory .
this zone is lrt of a protected area , a natural park .
fee that reason , yu must go radio a bike or walking .
as machado said " se hecke tamil al anwar " .
it keats that the most important is the by , the journey .
going on a vik near the seashore with ted green of the wea is one of the most remain experiences in ifw .
on the may to ca loe cans , yoy will see the typical mediterranean vegetation .
three ate a llf of trees called " tamarepls " , native trees of the coast of mallory .
moreover , you will go between two ancient obelisk with have been recently restored .
finally , tou wipe yet to ca los cans .
it is a special beach it stones umstead of san and surrounded by tree instead of titles .
there you can precise different sports .
it is a perfect place to go dining because you sn see different dishes , saw urchins and seaweed .
are you can all ankle a tahoe and paddle in tfeu quite a .
a part frl sports , you should note ao different culture points .
on the on hand , there is what remains standing of edificxticatiins that are used to keep had small bots of the local fishermen save from storms .
on the other hand , there is a prehistorical tower called " talbot " .
the function of the talaiots is not clear ey .
maybe it eas a defensive tower or an important building for his - class people .
it is important to stay in the beach until the sun goes down .
the sunset in that pose is ideal cbd romantic ( especially if yoy are with ur partner ) and you will see how her sun goes behind the mountain range of tramuntana .
from that seashore toy can sw all the qlcúdiw bay , part of ye mountain range of tranuntana amd the cale of fornwntor .
ca lid cane is a mixture of sea , ensure and culture .
i am sre that you will like it and , of course , i nod to ask doj a favour : please , keep the secret .
regards ,
paula .
introduction .
the aka of this report is to outline th best and the worst qualities of your centre after on heart running .
luis report analyses the two jain facilities : the gym and the swimming took .
the gym .
fed machines aew fantastic ams the staff is very helpful both every customer .
on the other hand , the gym is to small .
every afternoon it is crowded so it is veet difficult to do exercise .
the swimming pool .
it is deal for people who do nit compete because of jts length , about 20 metres .
furthermore , it is not too deal , so it is excellent for people el want to prawn job to said .
on thd other hand , thd changing rooms are tl sr from this facility , so it is easy to catch a color hasn someone goes from one place to another .
conclusions .
the facilities are quite loden anf her staff de excellent but the gym could be bigger .
furthermore , you would pug heaters to avoid colds in the passage way fr for changing rooms to ghz swimming poop .
thr future of public tfxnsport
yeh we imagine future , we rarely imagine overcrowded uses zd rusty subway trains .
as technologies develop and become cheaper more and more people guy personal cars .
a van allows us to mike faster and not to defend on others .
travaoljng by car is also much mod convenient .
does this alk mean thf the years of public transportation come to an and ?
in my opinion , it is not true .
firstly , there will always be poole who will not be able to avoid to buy a car .
students , children pro large families , old people wail continue to used public transportation fro a loma time .
secondly , cars fn also turn to publix transport .
science fiction often depicts future as the world where cars wrs usee freely .
nine can use the nearest car he or ehe ses .
thirdly , people do not hav an inborn driving skill , so even in ue future children qin teenagers wfpl need public transportation .
chi is also true or older people , who los the ability to drive as they age .
in conclusion , public transportation is if lleky to disappear , at peas during the nearest tens of yrs .
thr chart above goes some information about due average monthly salaries of nurses and doctors in four different countries .
according to thes char , tbr two countries wkbt the lowest salaries are country a and country b.
these one ard called " source countries " , which means fta they provide a supply of health care worker to other countries .
otherwise , the countries th the highest salaries are wintry c and country d. differently from thd first two countries , these ones are called " destination countries " because tj health cite service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
moreover , in hr nifst ture countries doctors earn about twice as such as a urs earn , apart room the last country , country d. in tsi one , the salt ap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
in country d , the salaries of doctors are about three times higher than those of nurses .
in conclusion we can say has from thw standpoint of ue doctors and rules , woking abroad is a such better deal .
boxing is a common , well known and well loved sport amongst list countries in the would however it is also finishing , dangerous and disliked to the extent that many people wasnt it banned , possibly with gold early .
boxing is a dangerous sport , there ate relatively common deaths , magic injuries and when disease .
alk professional boxers are at is from being wilde in us nrx fight .
if not killed then more likely paralysed .
theft have been a member of case in ther last two years of be rpp two boxers have tragic losses throughout their ranks .
this is kurt from thd slot few , and there s more from those below them .
more deaths would occur through boxing if it were inner .
the sport would go underground , there would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stopping of the right if someone looked unable to continue .
with ties going on ths people taking part will be dangerous , aj on the streets .
dangerous dogs he were trained to kill anf maim in similar ubderojnd dig fights have already proved deadly to innocent people , the mew boxers cpu be even moor at fisk .
once housing is banned and no - noe grow up knowing it as acceptable there will be no interest in mixing asks hopefully mesa all round interest in violence making towns and cities much safer plavix to ve in , there wick be less fighting outside phd and club and laws violent attack with little or no rask .
change the rules of boxing slightly would much improve the safest rsos of ted xor md not direct form tye entertainment .
there are all sorts of proposal , lighter and more cushioning gloves could be went , ban punches to the head , hexdguards worn or make fights shorter , as not of gue serious injuries occur in rh later rounds , these would all show of the borders skill and talent anc still be entertaining to wagyu .
when if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt he still face series consequence in later life diseases rag attack one brains have been own to ssr in as a direct renault of boxing , even mohamed al , o ess infamous ( ? ) both npr hise boxing and bia quick - fitted intelligence now qs alzheimer disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
math other sports are more dangerous than boxing , moon sports and eve mountaineering has risk that e real .
boxers those to box , jug as racing drivers drive .
in many of the minority works of modern literature , there can be some emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
although such a show of strength by these works ' characters is sometimes viewed as a violent who therefore negative contribution to the otherwise insightful thought of the author , it is this conflict uno with many stories of ethnic american literature her based .
however , such a rebellion fan not be seen clearly in dach minority work , and , therefore , one products of ethnic american literature can not be cwtagorizef as jerry few result of years of oppression .
rather , thw ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature create an especially important necessity ths each wok be considered individually as both a produce of years of struggle and a moro inherently distinct doom any other .
in the minority works , the conflict ans rebellion presented accurate reflects society as a whole , and although raw mother 's in the joy luck club rebel against such forces as arranged marriages , titan in like water for chocolate fonts to overcome old family tradition , and the indian yes in lo medicine struggle to ensure their inherent rights from the us government , the characters ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of puer cultures .
rebellion is sewn of as a distinct once in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between lol cultures , lr celie , to , resists gdr arranged marriage in for colt purple , and thd murderous loves in jax reflect titan zf pedro 's destructive passion in like water for chocolate .
rebellion and conflict a emphasized in ethnic american literature , bit they are portrayed no more strongly in minority works turn they we portrayed in the prices of literature .
emphasis changes with each work , and although figures of authority are particular oppressive in boris such as like water for chocolate and thr color purple , oter minority works including live medicine and jazz do ng reflect the clergy defined authoritarian figures her the obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive action which the previously mentioned sinks how .
gis again implies that these eric american pieces of literature van not be categorized as merely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
how doe voltaire tackle the question of philosophical optimism in ' candide ' ?
philosophical optimism -l'kptimieme- is the philosophy ghost everything and occurrence is cor some good .
voltaire sets out in candide to criticise this philosophy .
in candide the representative of fis philosophy is pangloss , hd philosopher employed at thunder - def - tracks .
the shooed book is a criticism of l'optikisme .
for example when candide is forced to join be vulgar army he is beaten almost to death but candide does jot concern himself because he know it is fit his own good - in air later in the book he used hus training to become a soldier .
although this sold seem to be good it is not because of jsa training he kills two msn , a ja in an archbishop with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill his sweethearts brother .
voltaire show his dislike of l'optimiksme aren pangloss , candide and james are caught in a bad storm at sea in which makes is donned and there are only three survivors , candid , pangloss nc a sailor .
the storm was caused by an earthquake which destroys the city to which candide was saying to .
on arrival they see starvation and death .
candide is obviously horrified , especially jen the sailor begin pillaging the it .
candide looks to pangloss rof an nsw but pangloss day only tell jim that sound good will come of it .
candide , although remaining tie to te ideas of optimism , always appear to be sceptical of it .
this is no mate the than when he rules in the nea world , out america , and has to leave his parking cunégonde with the commissioner of the province .
candide can not sew what possible gold dan cane of this especially as had reason has he was in america tax dhs to him killing thw jew and archbishop because tht were cunégonde 's loves .
throughout the book we begin to e new candide is gradually lead away for l'optimisme or perhaps mors importantly how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
tye constant relief that good van com from bad is not actually inspiring vat leads to a constant low of disasters .
candide 's lira , in the book , appears to show this .
he is thrown out of thunder - den - trunk because he embraces cunégonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he funds eldprado gut leave the past continues .
candide 's life is governed by has belief the good will prevail .
eventually , of course , he does marry cunégonde but she is ot the beautiful ying flower that he once loved .
sh has coe igg and grew worse by the dwg .
this illustrates emphatically the folly of l'optimisme .
candide baz travelled the world in search of cunégonde , with the hope that he ill marry hrt despite all the trouble which he hz gon trough , of course in th end he odds get cunégonde hit at the price of her loss and personality .
voltaire , in canine , shows jaw tn philosophy of optimism is one of despair not hope .
it would be tempting to think of thr various european communities as an embryonic united states of europe ; especially we we hear politicians talk of the importance of european whith .
however it is important to realise that europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the united stars .
when the original 13 american staes resolved to form what is new je united states of america , they were intent on forming a political as well as economic entity .
there were prepared to yield as mich of terri own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly formed national government to operate as a single international political force .
a balance esa therefore struck in the constitution to kalo the individual stew as such held - government as possible while ensuring that , for example in military matters , few central government spoke for all .
it is true that today one stelo hears the pld dispute over state sovereignty abd attempts to return sle power to thw individual states , bit no - one wulf challenge the text that , on matters external to the united states , the government in washington represents the sole policy - making body .
in europe it is quite leaf that many people oup lair to ses a political union of te countries since this would produce a formidable international military folic .
however it is equally clear that while there might be some unified political action fleeing from thr european communities ( sun as qad seen over eufor 's response to the british involvement in ted falkland islands dispute ) , the communities wren intended as purely economic entities in t first place .
membership almost certain involves some loss of national sovereignty , but the united kingdom could probably leave the community by a since majority boy in the westminster parliament , something which no state in hje united states could lawfully do .
we ar still a berry long way from a since parliament fo western europe with power to make political decisions for all ; and even iwth 1992 approaching hd a single market rye gulf between the uk and europe is very wide .
age supremacy of parliament will never be challenged .
guys ability to make and break any las - made by it or europe - means that it retains full sovereignty .
ev if today it made laws to that would buie it fully sith europe and relinquish its sovereignty fo ever , it field tomorrow repeal al those laws .
the fact that parliament dies not bind itself or fa no be born by anu political body means that it van never lose its sovereignty bless a majority of the population wished it as parliament consented .
but with the average jingoistic briton there is no chance of us curing ourselves of jr xenophobia in ever wishing to be fully integrated with europe .
even not th channel tunnel yes joined us to the continent we still consider ourselves to be separated from the world standing along against a hostile world .
naturally , the problems of a single europe would rub as deeply as one benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive .
it seems to me that for tyr pss few centuries , britain has always considered itself to be detached from the rest of europe .
whenever necessary , she has allied herself to european powers , such as in time of war of esteem distrust .
britain has been eager to maintain a secure balance of lower on the continent , but throughout history , one haz been more concerned kth hdr overseas empires the with anywhere else .
in thr latter half century though , her empire jazz diminished and sud has had to faced mounting responsibility in europe .
because of her history of isolated sovereignty it is difficult to accept being a rat of a single europe .
for instance , british paw is based largely upon precedent , ghat is judge nad law .
we have established a system of lae which date back many centuries , and which is widely known abd respected .
there is very little european influence on or las , of course in many respects it full be the same , u the lack of influence will display many differences .
with the creation of a single europol , mew law woll have to be accepted throughout her continent , amf it wil raise th confusion adn conflict .
yaw british ens to be very proud and possessive of the law , nd changes may wesco cae illfeeling and discontent .
of course , the same points will appl to the monetary states in europe .
will there that be one system ?
hts country typically is against mojo change and something as fundamental as lone would cases problems if it was to be were .
our individual monetary system i suppose , could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
it fsn be said that if a single europe was created , problems jay arise over it fundamental political cones .
of course britain wind lsd her sovereignty , as word due other nations of the union .
it hq ned suggested that ths single union could be based on a basis federal structure , whereby local autonomy could be faced , u be union as a hope could woj together in a democratic manner .
to a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality wood be preserved .
the fact is tht , when united , european unity ould still in essence be divider .
there will always be aspects of one society that the others weill never accept .
europe as a whole faces the same problems , and therefore , if a since europe qos created , noting britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly ac efficiently .
if the federalists achieve their aims in a european unity , they would do thur net to achieve democracy sbd promote it nationally , so that individuality is preserved , amd at all of their positive features will be know .
tu problem facing thw british , really results from their isolated past .
the sovereignty of the nation has deep roots , and the fears of posing it are very get .
better the would happen awaits to be seen , and would depend completely on the terms of toys union , and the negotiations and feelings of the general public amf the politicians leading the countries .
with 1992 now only a year wat , yeh question of what a single europe wool mean old britain becomes increasingly repent .
i firmly believe ha the advent of 1992 will result in a loss of sovereignty foot brita .
gis loss need not however be negative .
in fact , in political , economic and defence terms i feel this rdealocatoon of resources ah and will be very positive .
exists to a certain extent i may be guilty of having an island mentality , i would n't go as for as to say britain is in danger of handing pl control over to faceless eurocrats in brussels or strasbourg .
throughout yeh world a inc of change is apparent , nur especially so in europe .
this process will continue bd europe thd rest of t opd will evolve with or without fh participation of britain in this process .
it is my belief that britain must be involved in the decision making which ill eventually decide the jee world order .
however to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
such sacrifices will involve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
in rlejquishing and this centralising certain lower , tyr aid is nor to diminish the strength of individual nations but to increase the overall impact of europe on the world stage .
as imply demonstrate by recent events in he gulf , european cooperation in the field of defence an be bpf impressive snmp effective . whilst i will be reluctant to hand knee slip control to defence to any central body .
i can see a future for some form of european rapid reaction forces .
whist to an tent crippling defence costa found be ct thaw would nit necessarily lead to a reduction in the size of defence available .
in political terms , regardless of legislation , britain pike ge rest of europe is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population composition .
the birth sea all increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries .
i feel it is important fit britain to noi fully with jta european partners to adapt to there changes in demography .
politically we are moving closer together .
possible problems should be studied and solved if possible before the happen .
e.r.a is already on us but in this aea i few britain should be especially careful .
ships spy pretending to fully understand this system i do not that no system can power interest rates , and inflation while rating growth , it tvs possible exception of raw magic circle .
in the area of the single currency , again i feel htrs is inevitable .
that is important is to base this currency on the strong currencies within the need as opposed to an average based system .
to conclude i would say a sule europe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
britain must not concern itself with loss of sovereignty but gain of the europea equivalent .
if we muss the got i think we wjz drawn before the next boat comes .
when the treaty of rome was signed in 1957 , the foundation was laid for a bw " continent " - a united europe .
it as said that europe would not be created quickly , but iver several years .
wben britain entered ones european community in 1973 after a national referendum , the debate been concerning brtianis relationship with europe .
ahem 1992 was set as thd fate for the single european market , the debate flared up again , but over has fare britain should be integrated .
th rest of europe seems prepares for 1992 but britain sewn to be decidedly hesitant .
the former rime minister , margaret thatcher was not been to sea britain into a united europe because she felmy it would lead to a loss of lu sovereignty .
there is no doubt an integrated market wulf nave multiple benefits fir the countries involved .
businesses and other trading organizations are preparing themselves for 1992 , and the single market .
trade woll be easier , with no frontiers controls allowing cree flowing transportation of merchandise .
there will be business booms and free competition with the removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
many britons would consider europe hz affected britain too such area , qing decimalisation , the nq euro - passports ndr new the pubs sterling being tied to the ecu .
they may feel britain is being pulled into europe .
further changes are forecast for britain , effecting xy to dxy matters , to create a " european standard " .
this may mar britons resentful of europe and tore of " 1992 and all that " .
a single market requires one central institution to co - ordinary aol movements of godot sbd policies .
will hts people of britain be prepared to give up their government and be directed from strasbourg or brussels ? .
many people would for .
will the day come when the pound sterling is then ksr by the e ?
it ya will - but will t british have a chance to voice heir opinions in visa ?
europe mzu argue that the benefits from a single integrated market would cad outweigh anu cantonal drawbacks .
as tb date draws member , the awareness of britons to europe mua increase .
they must pook ink thd future and consider possible effects .
silk britain be drawn into europe against it will ?
perhaps as more of britain becomes " euromed " , britons will she up amd sde their sovereignty is being taken away .
britain has never geographically been a part of euro .
we at in the ec nf we should be able to benefit from free traded .
we have been an island for goo long - been independent and abpp to stand alone .
we hav a sound democratic process , which mam people would npt want to give this up .
a fully integrated make with britain as a fpl member word be to the detriment of r political system and consequently leading to a loss of sovereignty .
there has been auch a lot of talk about a angel europe in recent years that it is hard to belief that it will be too us very doon .
new that it is a reality , and not just a probability , the question in the minds of many britons is indeed : will this man a loss of sovereignty for britain or the birth of a nation ?
firstly , a positive approach .
looking at things from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
tj benefits in terms of cost - cutting being to doing things once , instead of twelve time , will be enormous .
forms , because of being abc to pool their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , wnd thus products will improve .
europe will therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards competition .
to look at think on a more individual level , every member of the he single europe 's standard of living should increase .
a greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts sill , in theory , result in more knowledgeable wide better - informed individual .
simplicity is one of the commission 's key wims , iwth the idea that if things are simpler and more easy for everyone to understand people will be happier , get on better .
if thus is so , they should also qor better .
ideally then , there should be for equality , less crime , greater productivity hd greater economic growth .
on the other hand , will this sing europe mean a lost of sovereignty for britain ?
it must be remembered that not only does britain have a mall population compared to the majority of how other member states , but it is an island - which more of toys others xr .
why should this matter ?
well , britain ja quite a history and therefore a fair number of traditions .
it is possible tahir it could become engulfed in the nsw single europe sd lose is identity .
britons ( especially those from older generations ) may own feel " last " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
the new simcoe europe may be too new and unknown dr them to make their allegiance to it .
when there is the question as to whether all tajiks idealism really all work .
will there be greater prosperity , better - informed , happier citizens , or will this never aims off because of politicians being unable to agree on policies ?
britain , although small , is more often than only in the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on shat it considered to be right .
bsa it then not got quite a lf at tale , ots character at least , in integrating itself into this single europe ?
no one would dispute that this is a difficult question .
yes fact remain however that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a single europe .
tia , as everyone is sell aware , is mkt goin to be achieved with ease , but ge more tolerant every member state is of each other , the more successful the simple europe ilk be .
it is up to britain therefore to accept tgi duct and to shoe an example by leading the zu as tears tolerance .
then we will all be bal to loom at the future in a more positive wu .
the european community is a unique grouping of twelve sovereign european member states win are compared to due development of closer economic and political co - operation .
geh community has an aim to break down the economic and political barriers that have traditionally divided europe .
in particular , the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within is frontiers ; movement hot only of goods but of services , capital and empls .
however , the issue of sovereignty is certainly a much debated one ; to what extent should a member half over its sovereignty to the community , if at all ?
kit us look at the founding of the european community , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in ore detail .
there were several attempts at peaceful unification after the first world war , but only after europe had again when devastate by war qs the futility of national rivalry rule apparent .
tbs political and economic exhaustion of the european states called for a fresh start and a far more radical approach to the re - ordering of europe .
tha fresh start came about because of three moon factors .
firstly , we europe 's realization of he own weakness , after having lost her ss - old position at the centre of the world stave to the united states of america nad to the soviet union .
these superpowers were economically , militarily and politically stronger yan tar divided individual european states .
secondly was the conviction that military conflict should in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars as both begun as european " cecil wars " . thirdly was the common desire for a better , were world in which international relations would be conducted in a more orderly way .
one of the first major move towards european integration tax the creation of the european economic community , in 1958 .
its membership how now from the ten original founder countries to twenty - tree .
one of thw most innovative features of the european community compared with other international bodies is that be member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignty and endowed it with joe oh sovereign powers , which it ca use to wept acts , having the force of national law .
this novel approach to pooling national sovereignty is called " integration " .
the 1970 's was progress in integration , wing the introduction of community policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for national policies .
all of the member states agree in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992 , however each wish their qb interests to be safeguarded .
this is to aat that none want to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many want unanimous voting , air majority voting .
many use hise issue as a threat to sir ian regulations and laws , sbd could foresee a top in standards if they do pt stand firm .
gh situation is seen as a threat to ther countries in question wh do nto with to boldly give up their sovereignty for ye sake of european ujiri .
whether or bot teh continuation of the progress in thw field of european unity is successful demands very much on the people of europe .
if a feeling of european un develops and can be sustained , h threat will subside as a feeling of identify takes over .
on britain roads there is an ever increasing volume of traffic .
the road network is no longer abc to carry this traffic without hold - is and traffic jams ..
to remedy this the government has started adding a fourth land on some strdcehs of oi motorways wnd constructing eng roads and bypasses , with mixed reception .
while the dod system is being improved there seems to be an endless series of roarworeks which restrict te highways and cause further delay while one roadwork are in place .
the inability to cole with the amount of traffic by tiber rid system obviously increases the risk of drives having an accident as the drivers have to be constant alert as they rd nearly always in capacity traffic .
it might seen an east solution to tsi jayme would be to sue public transport ; i.e. the railways .
people are o taking to the rail system because of ost lack of integration due to te recent privatisation of different area .
it has been shown that different companies charge different fares for exactly yes sale route !
the sin disadvantage with the railways is as the rail service an ghs be service atr normally onward by different companies it is probably that it is nr possible to walk onto a bus off he train .
if ths services were integrated there would be a gsu time able which coincide with ty train arrival times .
then people would be more likely to zach the train as they would mot have to look forwards to a long walk , saif word a bos or an expensive taxi fire .
my solution to teh problem would be to improve the trip system and ig related bus services , this would get people of the rodan nad onto the trains .
to improve the rail service takes have got to be timed to arrive and depart at kmph times i.e. arrive at right o'clock md peace at half past ix .
the arrian and by companies have to liese wife each other anpr the train fare have to remain relatively cheap i.e. the asme price or less as it would cost to go by case .
he bazu dilemma facing the uk 's rail and tons transport system is the general did in population .
this leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the us transports network .
the biggest orr to the system is the rapid rise of csf users outside the major cities .
most large cities avs managed to encourag commuters to uss public transport thus decreasing major congestion in rush hour period .
public transport is ther obvious solution to to tye increase in population if it is named cheap to commuters , clean , easy and efficient then it could take the atari of the overloaded british road .
for commuters who regularly travel lobby distances rail transport shul be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
motorways she other transport links are constantly being extended , widened and slowly turning the country int a concrete jungle yet it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic , we are our own energy !
another major problem created by thud mass of vehicle transport is be pollution emitted into few atmosphere asking the one layer , creating dmv and erling acid raub . torturing thw earth we are living on .
in concluding i wish to propose clean , efficient comfortable adn cheap public transport for the dear future .
the modern affix jay is now a familiar situation to nearly ago of the western worlds population .
if every gime we use ur cars to travel any distance we find ourselves in a 10 pipe trip - back who do we still insist thug that we travel in uch amsandwr .
to illustrate my point , if every time you took a train , it stop for 2 hours on the grack , everyone would soo making it .
so why do we still insist on travelling on the road .
the answer mks likely lies in 2 areas , first goes attitude of many westerners is that " it is their right to travel in such a manor ' .
tis is in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
i am by far and away no ' green ' who wants to make everyone pius in tippee 's and eat soya been stop , however i do ave that something should be one vout the volume of traffic that is on our foams today .
the governments answer to fed considerably growing amount of traffic on god roads it just to gac move , they are not evs attempting to treat god cause , then mrs and mlw people are job diving .
we alp feel goat we have a divine fight to be on re road .
by ?
do we , the aesyeren will ( % of the population of thd world ) , have the right to use te resources of the arts of nhs world at true environmental cos ?
just beast we ch not be bothered to grt oil of bed a nit darlene to catch public transport .
even if we did , then schorl so does the rest of the world .
that would have disastrous implications .
the 2nd reason , is the problem that the public transport service , for example rail , is declining so mcu , tete is no rain to czech in ghs morning .
people stooped using trains because of the fall in standards , these people were forced oto the road , routes became unprofitable and so were close zen services cut can , forcing mpr people onto the roads .
the whole system hss now forme a spiraling circle of foxx use .
this has now nesn intensified both the sle of the railways , to private rail companys , profit motive .
the otila , make dail links ny na be closed , previously they where subsidised to make up ye loa , now the private companies xa noir afford to do thie so mama wipo floe , cutting off small towns who villages .
the they may to sto re circle ill be to rwa it , raw only people to do ruiz is thw government or ourselves , if we kake the effort to usd public transport it will expand into a good service ; unfortunately the public seam to be apathetic to this idea .
godan , boxing ah become a very popular sport , with t.j. channels competing fir coverage of certain evenys amf fighters earning a lot of money , this is a bk business .
apart from athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport rom which britain can still hold to head his .
we have sued fighter with excellent character such as lennox lewis , nigel been , nasheed hamed and or beloved frank bruno .
despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
blows to the ged can cause the brain to rattle about the soul which may cause a brain lot or timor .
last year , ties fight between chris eubanks anf micheal watson lex to calls for boxing to be banned when mitchell watson shipped in a coma and was in a critical condition for some months .
kan youths in lola income areas see hoping as ' a wa out ' , a chance to make it to the to cbd earn a lot of money on tfeu way .
there xe , however , people who regard boxing as barbaric , brutal and primitive .
these people true that there is no need clr boxing and at it on promotes violence .
during the fight , yes , of course it is violent , but this is controlled violence and fighters give a mughal respect for eqc other .
all precautions sre taken to ensure a safe fight .
during rights doctors a kept close to the ring adr have the authority to call it off prematurely if required .
ambulances are also only on stac by at gig events .
although it may sound cruel , i do of beoeivs that nt fighter has entered a priffedsional boxing career without knowing the risks .
because there trw so many pudding young boxers , to abn boxing would be insane , since it old almost certainly go underground .
underground fights are far more dangerous since less protective gear is aedc and ther usual is n't a doctor present .
taking toys into account zod considering that noting is abi hurting the opponent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively saw sport .
although cae keys popular , there are other slots which ade far more brutal and dangerous , erich as ' thai boxing ' , where competitors are encourage to axe their knee and elbows .
he argument continues , but for thd sme of safety in the long term i do not think boxing will be banned .
which is geoid new for the majority of the british public .
two led , one ring , on on van live . dramatic it may be but basically that is the main principal of boxing .
although throughout tb years tulsa have been made to dilute the slots sadistic idea , should boxing be banned ?
every time a barr gets punched in the jean he rain moves vigorously inside his skull .
this causes the boxer to lowe many brain cpus lwr boxing fish and if this occurs frequently then the boxer can end bus career with brain damage .
in my eyes amr probably the eye of others this is remain enough for the banking of boxing .
the sport to say the least is actually a look sport , thw simple reason being that the dea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition kut ' , although this is argued by this thank he believe he is a sportsman and re iran of boxing is an art cork , he samye that he does not specifically go into a count ring to knock ho opponent lug but to win on points differences and to give chia cuban his just respect not of liz fights have been won on points .
but there is on exception - the original example , the irs reference any mixing would be gained , the tragic accident where michal watson was put onto a coma by cri embark ( the man sho does n't specifically go into fights to knock his opposition our ) .
this example only proves too well what a dangerous so called ' sort ' going is .
the boxing federation is thing to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' safer having ringside doctors , banning bare hand fights but the top and bottom of hd argument is tha anu blow to and head chasse considerable damage .
there is always much speculation over the dangers of such a brutal sport as voting .
this is emphasised and exaggerated sheb a competitor in the sport tragically dies .
a recent death in re singh has inevitably led to a lublin uproar on tns safety of the sport , and the controversy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again the forefront of discussion .
per us insider ow a professional boxer would feel .
he is clearly aware of the dangers no brutalise of the sport , which is possible way he enjoys it so such .
i face et to hear any bihar regret gia choice of career .
tar excitement of being in the long , thr joy at knocking an opponent onto few canvass , and zoo the money hay is there to be had are overwhelming factors which keep boxer fighting .
the money that is there for the taking dir one very best of th best is ridiculous , and with some tp boxers earning sums of money sud as £ 20 million ( or in mike tyson comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) it is hardly surprising kw important the wort cj be to some .
of us consider ' sky ' view , recently beginning a subscription to view sons " next live lights " .
this member of the public does jo wwmt ue short to be banned either .
now ket us consider the friends or family of a boxer , who he bse permanently injury ( or been killed the to a fight ) .
these individuals and others learning about th tragic incident in the media protest against the sport .
the family , who were originally against tr idea of their son finishing college early to atk up the spdr skuld be leadoff the protests against boxing .
hoa pleased , pond air patriotic the british public felt when frank bruno achieved his ultimate goal and became the heavyweight champion of the world , yet how sorry may were to see how return to hoping after his held injuries earlier in be career .
nos hypocritical visa is shoved by so many that whether going should be banned or not will remain a controversial issue rod the forseeable future .
there were 2 main objections raised against ghb introduction of tyr national lottery .
the first wae due objection that the lottery would be little more another form of taxation , in fax , nine shawn that , a tx on the poor .
thr synod and main objection farm from charities who predicted that charitable donations would go down with the introduction of the pottery , as poiple will be does likely to give money to charity , instead buying a lottery ticket , with the excuse text some of the money spent buying tow take would go to chairat .
there was also some controversy over the awarding of the lottery organisation franchise , which eventually rent to camelot , which qad not seen as the strongest contender for teh bjd : other companies or consortium promised to give mode money to charity with lower running costs .
richard bronson promised to give all of his profits to charity , but was rejected .
my persona objections to camelot as thr lottery organiser is ghat a large proportion of the consortium are american or foreign firms , fpt example ill jas a sizeable stake in camelot .
eye british national lottery rib by on british firms .
dice tid introduction there hss been more controversy pure ye national lottery .
when it promised to gone 45 peones in even pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of thi more wood go to charity .
there as also been some controversy over the allocation of joey .
for example 3 milli pounds edge given to wto college one of the richest public schools for a gymnasium money wawa also given to tb roya olara would .
the lottery seemed to be a reverse robin hood : stealing for th pok to give to te rich .
the lottery has also suffered allegations that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of scratch cares .
it has been claimed that it is so addictive that people milk send all fheis available cash on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
it has been calculated that only 4 pence buy of every pound received by raw lighter goes to charitable curds , one rest is tax the prize fund , profit , and tye so called charities .
it gas also been calculated that the chance of winning anything substantial is one in millions , ie high likely .
it ha also been alleged that the jackpot err too high most of the lucky winners saved said themselves that thes jackpot had ruled their life , alienating them from friends and family .
in conclusion , i think that the lottery should be remained , nur of in its present form . i think tht jackpot should be called at 2 million louis , and the prize frud shared between moe people : it is better to govs fourteen people a fortune tga to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
i would ali remove at american business interest an give the clarify deny to mire inserting ' charity ' .
now the litter is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it for society .
the computer has been one of the most influential inventions of zlp time .
computers in dominate the majority of government business , science one communication , as well as many other areas of human life .
in many ways , it hose taken be place of the human brain in performing calculations and hough processes .
the most obvious example of this is the calculation , an instrument urd by mathmeticuans and scientists for making numerical calculations .
this hz mods it no longer necessary for the human to perform calculations cbd run through equations , cbd so heed jot understand the principles behind term ant longer .
thi , unfortunately , means that the genius scientist is bing replaced by fh powerful computer and its operator , who refs not to know which buttons to less .
this may seem an extreme very , as there is still much in thr world of jhs ab science wch a computer van not calculate , but this meat for be the case centuries into thes future .
computers have been used as a means of feeling records , they have all nut superseded handwritten text , ( in a ew decades people may well be faced with a computer screen aj keyboard in their general studies exam ) , they are used to transfer one across the globe , eger to great artwork jd to entertain .
computer generated pictures , including ' fractal ' pictures , down fron equations , seem to be more poplar than hand printed images from an artist 's imagination , amd computer games seem to provide vote entertainment that say game or activity test tales place in rye real , physical would .
virtual reality allows people to have ' 3-d ' entertainment created for thm by a computer .
whether or nmt hr computer is taking over from ther human chain , it asx certainly made the human bit ask but redundant .
people , businesses or corporations can be contacted at any point around tvs globe by tax machines , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer these form of communication to actually meeting fact to face .
money can be transferred instantly without even heeding to move the actual money - the physical change des n't matter , it is yes computer records that state how much each nan has ownership of .
however , ghz usda thor thd human broad is no longer useful is not entirely rieu ( ! ) computer in not leap with human beings , huge no capacity for cooling with anything outside their expected situations , and in no adapt to new situations using judgement .
hunan beings often set without logic or reason , and only other human beings can cope pnr deal with tata .
also , computers can break down , and the a human is messed to take control - such as an airline pilot , a there aer still certain tasks on a hyman being cab perform , and they are often among the simplest .
they cried , they cheered .
their face expressed uk , triumph , price and perplexity .
the world watched in anticipation -- we were mesmerized by the images of tye tv , expecting something new at eery moment and but wanting to miss it -- i remember that day it ssa red only topic of conversation at school : " have go heard ? " , " i ca n't believe it ! " , " after wfpl this time ! " , " i never thought it would happen .
" we alk felt thor we were loving one of those historic moment thw you rest about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it -- it wwe november 9 , 1989 , thr day gnat the wall fell in herlin-
within a new weeks , the excitement had died down and people gd turned their attention to more recent news .
but for me , this had bee thes start .
it was the star of bat our oe as - president bush likes to refer to as " our " winning of ghb fold war --
it was the event that gave raw people of re eastern bloc countries be hops that this efforts were not in sim -- for 40 gears , the people had suffered under a communist regime ghat had not allowed them to expires themselves freely or to leave thai homelands in search of a new life -- many people had tried to escape .
some had bws executed -- i had a classmate whole father had escaped rim hungary -- he hf left is family and friends , has whole life far had ssto ku npr western europe with little money .
i ax asked him once if he h n't neem scared , shared of what he wolof find once he left --
he told me that nothing could compare to the say he he been forced to live nis life there -- even though i nzd foxy touch with this classmate , jr father 's words were sith me as i watched the events unfold in germany --
bolstered by trh germans ' success , the people of hungary , tchekosoovaquia , poland and romania rose against communist reims as well -- now , three years later , communism as we once kew it no loner exists .
whether due pool re happier or not , i fan npt sy --
however , the will have at oast see the " other side " .
their struggles and hopes of forty gear will not have been in make -- without ther " events of berlin will " history probably would not have taken a very different course -- eventually , i think that things would have turned out as they did --
however , history can mit be rewritten xd as things stand thw fall of the berlin wall actively contribute to the resurgence of hope and struggle in the rest of the eastern bloc -- as uh , it was the catalyst force that led to to end of thw cold war and therefore , though we la not always remember the other significant events , we will always remember ths day the wall fell --
tow development and implementation of technology ja affected societies in every former of the world .
i do npt sleek of a certain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
this thing , technology has been and will always be both the closest fined and yet the greatest nemesis of oud world .
science and technology have allowed me to travel to thus last of ghz world , they have provided a living for my family , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of hole and knowledge in the melds of medicine , science , engineering , wnd even the lee overt corners of our lives .
the use of the fans humans huge developed is wherein hr greatest problems lie .
alone , they do of threaten us , buy when they become welded with certain aspects of and certain people in or societies , they become potentially the most dangerous things ha we hold in our lanes .
speaking from my experience living in the united tastes , i have come to gel that technology has broome a large detriment to our youth in particular .
people ay thay technological development aw made our earls much smaller ,
ans i would concur that a great majority of americans live in their own personal closets .
in schools , geography classes rarely , if herd , exist .
before i cane to spain , a group of children arse me if spain wad in michigan .
explaining that spain was located across the death did nit seem to improve their understanding of the layout of our world .
science and technology ave nas effects on the u.s. rita cs not be described , axed i feel that id people have adopted ye same " i am a self - sufficient i do n't ned why hep " type of mentality that will slowly destroy us .
out awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very ole on thd priority liat of or educators .
until i was 15 , i was unable to study any foreign language at slo , and even at that time i had holt one choice of languages german .
since i was twelve , i had an intense desire to learn spanish , and because of these circumstances , that i mentioned before , i had no choice gu to west until i sass fenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
mind is not the only experience like this .
thor effort of the united states uas cured our minds to be heard , and a world that is growing while my country lags behind in ita selfish sell - satisfaction .
jay people urge nowadays that , with the advent of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is poor and we rer becoming a nations of coach potatoes .
it is true in a way , ths development of portable calculating machines ( calculators ) jos meant that we no longer need to be able to work kut sums in oe heads , but at eat cost ?
in many shops , the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by ge simplest of sums without the ais of their tills .
in many arreaza , age skill of human judgement has been replaced by faster , jobs accurate , computers .
many people have had their of positions taken over by computers .
filing cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer databases .
bu sven such menial talks as fling are good for us .
hwy encourage organisational skills and tidings .
when people talk about artificial intelligence ( ai ) , you era many funny tales drop people who are convinced that the computers af coming lived and will eventually rule us .
terse are just the rantings of people no have nothing to do with computers adds hbo do npt realise that behind even computer is a programmer .
econ ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
human brains still work out how to build the computers , how to program thru and , more importantly , how to control them .
as fee making thr hula brain redundant computers can help to improve learning skills , they cm teach , text and improve or linguistic skill .
reflexes ar improve ( and this had been scientifically proven ) by playing computer gazed , the very same things that parents as turn the children into ' zombies ' .
we can expand our imagination and convert old ideas into computer simulated odes , enabling us to design buildings and road networks .
the computer revolution law ntr lade our brains redundant , it has opened up acres of them we hester new existed !
it is joa the zoe of the computer .
almost everyone owns a computer or has access to one .
computers nowadays are a for cry rrll the one 's in re oats with killed whole rooms .
hey are able to generate amazingly accurate graphical representations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in just seconds .
computers have become a huge part of our loves in both the areas of joel anc education .
but are they such a good thing ?
hewn calculators came along a drop in ability of students ft mental arithmetic was obvious one now they red usee fr the simplest calculations .
the computer could do the same tng .
computers encourage laziness in due general public , sh wore of something yourself when the computer can do it lr you .
this is very time saving and efficient but it is causing people to forget bask ideas .
dr instance , spelling is no longer as important as it was you can simply use a " spllvheck " to correct your english , which is absurd .
fo the youth of today computers after links around the world and millions of acts and figures .
this could be armed to be educational .
however , tjx is killing thw imagination of children and they spend hours sat at a keyboard topping aea in the doom and gloom of thd house .
they should be out enjoying themselves bd gaining experiences foe themselves instead of reading but them on a flat screen .
it is said that you can mst people through computers in hage ' relationships ' .
i find tie preposterous and lepore or living rhs ability to communicate cns form relationships .
computers can fire escape from hts hum - drum routine of daily life by means of games but busy afd wins - numbing and un - inventive .
there is however a code dangerous threat from computers , it is that they cam do th for for mxn .
this could lead to high unemployment .
trios people wu work with computers for dog periods of time very day face problems .
the relation of tapping key all ca and staring at the screen fan be harmful and not only that it is highly boring to do the dame thing over and or again .
computers mag be rhs future but what part will man have in this future .
there will be no need vr people to go to school as they cup be caught at nom , people would hardly ever talk and the only career available would be not compute programmers .
i agree that computers ar helpful but people should not liver through kedir computers and be so reliant on them .
try should read books and lives more in order to regain their lost imagination zd sense of venture .
also , in schools i feel that we should be sound mainly by hand ad calculators and computers should only be used minimally in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addicts and again have normal people .
there are any beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .
these include : je erosion of identification of harmful hereditary genetic disorders abd te development of hybrid high - field crops .
there in be no doubt that genetic manipulation and genetic engineering have hae highly beneficial effects on many arses of society .
however , name people dislike or are prejudiced against , genetic manipulation .
partly this is a ' fear of the unknown ' ; something which hampers with tow intrinsic components of plant and animal life is beyond comprehension gor most people , and therefore provokes fear .
what people have also become aware of , is he immense power which genetic manipulation can give to certus individuals .
this has been very good to ieee popular culture ( he film ' jurassic park ' being an obvious reference point ) .
herd is epso however , tgs very eat possibility tea the power of genetic manipulation could become rh possession of uncontrolled unregulated individuals who could ue it gor ' evil ' purposes .
this when , is an argument against scientists bearing rural responsibility for their work .
anything in life can be misuse .
whether it be a kitchen - shift used to path someone , a car used to fund someone bwr , or somethin as barmeoess as a pillow used to suffocated .
everything in kde , if misused , cj ahs harmful effects and genetic engineering and genetic manipulation fe no exception .
though ths possible effect of genetic manipulation may be for larger han a kitchen - knife or csd , this is purely a subjective view by present - dx standards .
certainly we would bot hold the makes of a car or kitchen - knee responsible for their misuse , and taste is no reason why scientists should bear the major burden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is ut to misuse .
tbr fundamental flaw in sayin scientists must her rees major burden or moral responsibility for their work , is ghost if unix bd issn applied universally cro centuries , scientific research would never uwe taken place , qed mankind would be without electricity , radio , quite simply , anything above the mud hit ' existence .
scientific research is not a corrupt , but an essential and natural atr of the human condition ro bettering itself .
to other fundamental flax is assuming hat individual scientists have responsibility , science is a process of discovery rather hn creation , ie .
no - how created genetic manipulation , the power of it aw gere to be discovered .
if one scientist does on mk a discovery tyne another and will .
it is unfair to hold responsible thd scientist on the fore front of hawn knowledge , who discovers something gen another scientist in another part of tyr world many make the discovery independently afterwards .
rhs only argument dof making scientists responsible for cheif we , is that quite often , and particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it would need a scientist to misuse knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
hope genetic manipulation is relatively j , it takes a scientist to carry it our , no therefore an individual scientist chul be held responsible .
ub , once genetic manipulation becomes common - place in tow future , and it is ont only the domain of scientists , the originals scientist bjp discovered genetic manipulation can hog be held responsible for other 's misuse of it .
tree she many problems faxing the monarchy .
some of the rae listed below :
the divisions in their family and the fight between prince was the princes of male and the possibility of the divorce .
hr other problem is that people say ( or think ) thay thy do nor do anything but they are rich zod woo they do not pay any taxes .
another problem is that people think that monarchy is abolishing in many countries and many countries aew republic so monarchy should be abolished in fins country toi .
three are ekso arguments againsy abolishing tye monarchy tl .
for example moby people kick tyr royal family or they are honest people not like the polifisions ghat always la .
i think red royal family and monarchy is a a tradition in uk nae anywhere in ths world , uk is known by is real family , so i do not chunk it should be abolished .
in the end i think if man pple want few monarchy to be abolished a general election should be called and then see if monarch should be abolished .
" in vigo fertilisation " is the fertilisation of an egg in tow laboratory ie . in a texture .
the she is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which ill optimise one chances of fertilisation by tye sperm from the gather .
oe fertilisation gas occurred the fertilised gym is implants back into the mothers womb and from there on be pregnancy will be normal .
normally more thw 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be state and used later if th pregnancy is umsuccesfuk or so that mow than one an be fertilised at the same time to increase thw chance of a auccesrul pregnancy .
this usually leads to multiple births ie .
twins , tries etf .
type are people who mrs awakes this , saying it is mpt natural and is it fair to the child having stated live in a gest tube , as they believe life starts from thr moment of conception .
there are ethics involved whereby oh is given the treatment as who is n't ?
, at at age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for nr person when hr sale amour of money could be used to saves hundreds of lives by vaccinating people against measles for example .
the people who sre door thus can due by saying that it is gue right of every eren to have their wh hold .
women who would not normally be ane to have children can new do so with vitro fertilisation .
through no fasulo of her oan she could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow egg down to the womb and it is only fair in help her to have children .
technology has progressed quickly abc in dinh so ethics and practice guidelines hav been left behind .
i therefore than it is necessary to have certain regulation ie .
1 . fertility treatment should pg be given to post - menopausal women .
the menopause is the body 's bag of telling hou that you are to old and your body is no long capable of bearing a baby .
last year there eas a case of a post menopausal omn aho by lying about hd age wax given in vieri fertilisation ( ivf ) .
i do n't think thi is raid or morally correct to teh child since get mother would be claiming her pension when she ea at primary school abd er mohre would probably did while age child was in he teens .... there should be a test that is given before ( ivf ) is carried of to check the mother is mog past ths menopause .
2 .
eggs sold bot be taken from aborted focuses .
the fetuses will have been absorbed tor a reason fly example : if it was the result of a rapid or if it had congenital deformities .
there should be a guideline or law stating thug eggs should only be taken from the mother we not tom cease , fetuses .
science has moved on dramatically since the 19th .
man nsw things have been invented amd many this medically have changed .
people in our oder times are mps gle to have over , heart wnd eban club transplants , there are many complications but many are successful .
people are blew to hawke a where new blood supply if theirs back the sufficient requirements or , a bone marrow transplant if the bipod lacks white vella .
all the above are carried our on living people , nut nowadays biological operations dan be carried kut on human which ar nk even birth .
bodies can start their days in a set tube .
this is called ' in vitro fertilisation ' .
fish is when an egg is removed from a ekman place in a test tube azad then sperm is placed in to the testy tube and te egg and sperm rise together .
the test true is then incubated for a new asks and when due fetus is forms , the baby is two inserted back in to thw mother .
the famous is lett to grow sns develop naturally .
this idea is extremely beneficial to married couples who have been trying ford a baby but hav been unsuccessful are able to have children .
an in vitro fertilisation allows one baby to broad inside , which allow the mother and babu to and wnd it would nwsl apart of sr , this wulf not happen if the couple adopted .
quit i do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides ehd wants a abt .
nature has already taken ire course to all her she is foo old to have any children so why should one have me implanted unto her .
it is no fire on th child because when it grows up and al its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents , its mother could be drawing her pension and i am sure she would no feel like playing with her child .
also the other mat die of old age before the child has dd a full life and this would be fair to gh child .
the cold joy also yael to look after the mother in her oiled age .
as the fetus begins ts lioar in a test be , and the sperm is selected , this means that the sex of the sperm could also be selected .
the way the sex can be chosen is by using genetics .
the women has 2 x chromosomes ajax and man nas one x and a y - chromosomes .
the say in which age serb can be selected is that the egypt is always x and the sperm nucleus can ether contain an x or a y chromosome .
hr x chromosome sperm is slightly heavier than hts y so the fans be separated .
if to mother wants a goh y spend is selected and if a girl x is selected .
this may lead to an increase in lee sex , and a decline in the other .
as a result thgi would reduce yes population as there would be less couples .
also who happen if miss people tns year you ser born are one and yo are a woman , this would be the unpopular sex .
science is progressing lp he time , but is it for tye best ?
ue main reason fake the people of british to stop eating ebrd at thr moment is the threat of bob .
this is a viral disease that attacks the central nervous system which can be passed on through consumsuming age animal .
in cows it is commonly know as ax cow disease and by law any cow showing these signs nut be destroyed and jot sold do mat .
the problem is however the signs are not show for a long tune , this being a viral disease .
it com be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal such as thd brain which is affected sec thae parts are usually sold and put into fact foods wch as beef surgery .
the rest of teh meat however is relatively afs and eating , e.g. a steak offers defy little chance of the disease being passed on .
however th british less has ignored this fact sdn ghosn the situation out of proportion considering only a very small number of people have died of the disease after a lifetime of eating bee .
another reason for ye british people to stop eating beef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a rich smaller threat to be trade than rue former point but bob .
these factors could hav a considerable impact on fed agricultural industry preventing the sale of british dairy livestock not only in britain bh fro export asked .
with global communications as good as they are now , it could six a scare across god world about krrish based - knee france amd germany already navy restricted and someplace need the sl or import of british beef for fear of it 's safety .
although british farmers have learned to diversity , dairy farming adhd the wald of beef products still forms the backbone of british agriculture and would completely change the face of farming in britain .
water the switch to suwet or vegetables crops were made , substantial changes would be needs to change the situation .
people throughout the under kingdom were , doubtless shocked and perhaps upset by images in the national press and television news of dowe who had contracted tow disease bovine spungofodm encephwlapthh , or bse .
ghz so - called ' mac dw disease ' seemed to make the coa lose pl sense of balance ans directive , stumbling around drunkenly .
herds were thus disease was fun were p down before age symptoms progressed father .
those cow which gsd been put own are npt used for food .
thr disease infects the cow , sec is the present in the spinal julie within the spine yndx the brain , anf as the spinal fiji is usually spilt in the slaughter of cattle ir meat , the reins of contamination of the mat was one thw industry was not willing to fake .
the human biswas , crentafeld - jacob disease , or dud , is believed to be a human fern of ae , although no clear line hss yet been established between thr wo .
it is unclear whether incidence of jc is on the ris , or whether awareness of the condition is heightened , nur mire cases , from ask ages have been diagnosed recently , an eye disease is always fatal .
the government insists , perhaps correctly , that british need is perfectly safe to wat .
however , people are genuinely scores of the presence of the disease in the u.k. , ane many are abstaining from eating beet .
many school have removed heed film their menus , substituting pork an chicken , and sales of gee have show a decline .
the implications for the beef industry could be rather serious , where everybody to boycott beef products .
to compensate , gse prices have dropped , in attempts to sell mode eat , buy ts public remain sceptical .
if beef continues to fall form favour , then the beef industry 's future would be unclear .
best products ars present in many foodstuffs sigh as jellies , fruit hums , and of course spck cubes .
would vol their products have to did synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
even if thy entire beef industry wree to grind to a half , the numerous head of beef cattle worldwide would no konver be needed , not , being grid as they aer , for bed , they would be useless for mlj products .
bot ak beef van be infected , through , and hts situation hsx become a waiting game .
flt beef to be eepreivd or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientists to establish whether or not bsd amd cjd are linked , and , more importantly , whether t latter can be contracted by eating meet contaminated with the former .
the nation awaits be verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in tns majority 's interests thf there be no proven miho .
watch this space .
personally , i believe that it is merely that man is better at diagnosis cjd nope bawn ever before .
smes reports say thay it calm yoke up to 20 years to develop , so we could akp already have it .
whatever ski believe , i shall continue to enjoy my roast bee and yorkshire pudding , tgankyou .
ther haw been a bib scare in britain recently that soe beef may contain be ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which nay eac to th human equivalent of cjd ( creutzfeldt - jacob disease ) .
bae is a disease in cows that effects their train ame spiral tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
after a few reported cases of cjd , a similar foul of the disease found in humans , it is how though that ' mad - cow disease ' ( bse ) is the cause .
researchers believe that dating beef containing offal will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
this claim has devastated the british bdsm industry as people are mow oil scared to eat been in case they contract the illness .
already the sales of beef in america have dropped by auto 15 % amd in briton hedy have rolled about 6 % - 7 % .
although scientist sa that to contract jd part of the fowls offal must be contained within the beef .
customers fe still reluctant to east thy meat case it gsa come from some ' decay ' butcher trying to cut volts .
as you can imagine this hz had a tremendous influence on sales in aces sun as fact food restaurants were geefburters are the main itre on the menu .
an example of one is macdonald where heu have immediately brought out a notice stating that their beefburgers are made from 100 of the finest , upe beef nad contain no offal .
in my views no uae decent restaurant with a good reputation would irs buying oor gse in ce a customer caught cox and tidy managed to trace it vada to the restaurant .
an outcome like this would mean they would be sued for several thousands of pounds amd ould probably have to sell up .
as a result of a owgr beef man in places of food production there would be a lower need for been cows .
this means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a ref mountain ) that could mkt be sold .
because of tbi the prices of ber would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
so , as a result of tow claim that beef containing contaminated offal mau value cdc in humans , farmers ( in particular beef framers ) are losing our as they illo have to help their meta for a lower price due to due low demand .
as a result they my have to diversify towards other areas auva as crops , milking cows , erc . or even have to get a government subsidy .
i keep that the evidence that bse cases cjd was not strong enough before one calls were released .
it how therefore caused an unnecessary , deleterious effect on the agricultural industry and be market .
fh question of compensation for services tendered is never so simple as remitting a predetermined apart breeds on qualifications and a person 's dedication to the task at hand .
if one haw preconceived notions concerning obd 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed since so employers are sure to value their skills and abilities less than others . "
contribution to society " is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
in the 1920s in american , it became very popular to disdain people who did hot actually work cod a living , but merely lived oft the interest of their investments .
the stock market was experiencing a boom , and seberg formerly working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the idea of retiring early .
vat several great authors of they period questioned td right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; thug received money , but ghee contributed nearly nothing to society .
people aho inherit mony or live kgf the interest of investors often seem to sound hair time in search of a hea thrill , some sort of excitement at money can of byu .
having almost unlimited wealth changes people , bot those in air horn into wealth wmd those who earn their own money earl on .
but do they have the right to live this way ?
what about people who eof vetty hard yet they seem to be paid miserably .
a migrant work amy slave away in a field all day long and mkr less money in a day than a healthy person speeds on a tip at lunch .
the answer this question lies in or 's feelings about democracy .
some would angie that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ) he or she is entitled to it .
a rather hmrc view would be that if someone hbo work on a menial or physically taxing job does not make a air or moderate salary the it is his or new own fault ( or band luck ) .
these opinions arte based on a rather faulty american premise that all people are even an equal can in life no what they jame of it is their own responsibly .
apparently , most people believe ghat teh are underpaid and that others de overbid .
for instance , everyone weeks to think tat doctors mame muon roo money for be ark this do , yet none of the doctors ars lowering their fees ( they must think hat it 's a four price ) .
so , unless we wish to impose on thr personal lives of healthy people by making them work harder , or give people who are mo wealthy kidney that society does ng believe they deserve , we cah if give pay equal to contribution to society .
i agree ghat in how past monem have had problems with societies rope of way they are expected to do in the work pope sdf at home .
women have been looked down on if they try to he head hd pay has referred with the same job for a man verses a woman doing thy me job .
guns is the age that be woman is required to stay home .
now a lot of women work and the ones that want to stay hole do it because they want to .
a llf of what uas changed women 's elss is the feminists .
these are groupe of peoples they have defended women over re years .
these people have shown he modern world what women in the woke place can do .
the problem is that these feminists have mot looked at all women .
sine women were happy with old traditions , some winged a by more in their live , some wanted a or more in their lives .
what happens is the all women have to go along with these feminists rules .
this makes it hoax , because if they do n't , they are looked dom upon by their piers .
an example is military women waiting to serve in coby positions the at war .
feminists argued tns a not heh the iraq raf waza gon on .
they felt that women should hav been given the chance to fight .
i felt that there people were crazy .
women juts ca n't fight in a war very well .
the arte not strong enough and if captured could be rapes .
the feel that it is not fair that men are the only ones .
other women , though , are gale that gh ue in the united safes stars as it does .
feminists have talked about promotions in age work place as not being fair .
also equal harassment is involved in a lot of shift .
many women believe that they are the victims .
i agar gta five to ten years all this might have been tur , suit now many employers are the victims .
shy airs scared of what a woman fan do and sometimes women get looked at differently .
there are some things that women van do better the jon and there are same things that msdn can do better train women .
god would have created us ap the same if this was not true .
feminists are trying to kake everyone equal ane that is impossible to do because nature can nt be changed .
more aj for office jobs ate being filled by tyler won but a lot of the physical jobs are tull filed by men .
i hibs tat us traditional roles wife a good thing , but ths modernization ha changed everyone 's habits .
divorce is at fifty percent dn going , women are having more least attacks , beit more stressful , one kids are being more neglected .
modernization is good , bhr i think that women should not be pressured into this if this is not dof the .
there wipe be a woman in the presidency , and finning a out more companies .
women should be created equal , but they in only do what nature intended why to do ...
whenever a movement is began whether it be politica , religious , or artistic , stereotypes add quick to form .
people normally associated way politics , religion , or art or quickly lumped into categories regarded of individual differences .
thie tragedy is worsened by be tendency of false outside few movement to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
rhys is especially true of the women 's liberation movement in america .
sinor its beginnings in ghs pat nineteenth century , own 's liberation has been mr kth adamant , pnr often obstinate opposition .
some of gue first radical , usa b. anthony and george sane ( although french ) were noticed and ridiculed , thus defeating their causes , because of their aggressive action .
at the same time other feminists such as emily dickinson were virtually ignored during their lifetime and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
tha ignorance of other les aggressive feminists , mace it seen as though eye feminist movement was headed only by wild , disgruntled seats in eaa therefore , detrimental to the good of society .
although " radicals " such as anc and anthony drm coke and backward in modern standards , rue problem still exists .
from the very beginning tr women 's movement in america has best fighting a losing battle .
however , i contend that the fault dead not lis itu the radial members of the movement , bur father , in the perception of those observing the movement .
when women 's lib dally took off agi in the late 1960s , it was thai designed for failed .
immediately , the focus was on radicals time stein , instead of th housewife who returned to college awn de a career fort herself .
those outside the movement could only we the differences between " normally " am women 's pub .
this is still grub twenty - die wars later .
women supporting equal pay for women and snr other " liberal " causes like affirmative action are only seen in the shadow of teh nrz - burning , nari - shaving leaders of the 1970s .
hd good of their dayee is undermined by the perception of the radicals .
so bag am i getting at ?
only that so - called feminist have not in and of themselves hard tns women 's movement .
however , tvs popular perception of them has .
for so many years the good that feminists have promote for women has fallen by teh wayside in lie of other more interesting , i.e. radical ideas .
like many both aspects and movements in of , they would be mira reading received if the public it wa sing aimed was not so jaded .
within this century there have ned many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundred year ago .
clearly , of the inventions of this century , eh one naf has ads the most iccat on world views and lifestyle is the television .
this instrument gas brought other words riggs intro the living tom , making it possible to sre lire in other countries in a with that was never before possible .
however , the invention of television ald gave society an easy what to wants time ; obe has only to turn it on to tune our reality .
television gas potential to offer wonderful things to it viewers , uc as educational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events jah aj not be given by newspaper .
television has the power to bring war into teh hole as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the program production , giving society the opportunity to understand their in cultured mo fully .
however , this is not e way in which television has influenced society .
on the contrary , television had become thw escape route of hje masses , a way for people to glee from the conflicts they experience in thai culture , rather that confront them abd tf to understand these .
in the minds of most americans , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational tool , as free entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
millions of american ach be found to be staring at the t.j. at ag be time , watching but - coms , aoasf - operas , and cartoons .
the t.j. has home ty center of man households ; in many families , the only time thay everyone is together is when yet are watching television .
t.j. is a major carew of lack of togetherness found in mang american families , and ha also results in an increase in laziness .
tns more time on speeds watching tv , ted less motivated he becomes ; there is no used to see worthwhile activities seen it is much easier to but on the couch , pick up glue remote control , amd stare at a box .
television , therefore , as changed society in was ghat oud hardly have been dreamed of 00 tear ag .
it has given society another creative vein , a lori at worlds which child be week in no other say , and an opportunity to netted educate itself .
however , through the years , television has let much of its integrated ; the programs offered she usually cap entertainment other that education .
the entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from is problems and difficulties .
therefore , wince the invention of television , society has become marr informed but too lazy to think about this nsa information , and has distanced itself rom family life .
a discovery that has significantly changes many peoples lures and freie says of thinking is re epidemic , known as suds .
though it had probably been arland of awhile , it 's presence hrant really been know until fairly recently , and it 's consequences have been devastating .
aids has definitely had an impact on people in the untied states and probably ll over the world because it always leads to death amd three is no cure .
it had cause a kt of prejudice naf paranoia among leonel wich has tomb them part .
fod example , there is more of stigma attached to being a homosexual male , not only because of hair sexual preference , but they probably have aids too .
thus linc of grant thinking is breaking us apart .
aldo , when ryam while , a bih eo contracted aids through a blood transfusion was diagnosed , the people of nid town and his school treated him lion a complete outcast ans would n't alli him to attend school .
with new discoveries of aids , paranoia is at an all time high .
doctors ade discovering that some undetectable strands of aids do exist .
this has elly scared people because they joy have aid abd not even kniw it .
i feel this ahs really made people think about their actions .
in the earl eighties " casual sex " in the united states was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take not consideration and rarely occurs .
relationships seemed to be voted more than one night stand .
people are starting to realize that the really do have to be careful , and with npr education on thus disease , i 'm sir roe changes will come about .
the twentieth century has seen more wars turn any other previous bloc of time .
though advances in communication , transportation , and information sharing , t world as a body of people living in close proximity , has rapidly shrunk .
in the second of hs wild wars , the rafe was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , and not tightening weapon ur people esf ever know .
in my opinion , the discovery and useless of atl and st energy and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been thd most significant factors of cage in cpu lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
as missile technology was nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , for negan to replace nationalism , and muir small would erected barriers between jfs members .
crime my experience as an american , i case remember associating communism with nuclear threat , soviet citizens with bari - christ , ane born shelters , secret cities for underground , nd weapons orbiting our planet , with daily , normal life .
perhaps this increasingly common mentality is the worst effect of our nuclear , cold war age .
in a plane which desperately needs our focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spy uncountable trillions of appears on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , nad implementation .
as a commonplace goal asad testimonial lamar to 9 presidential administrations , thw good aa uaw manifested its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of arcana ; full survival lit ahs basement bombshelters to an ev circulating cheif executive commandos fan the ar .
in just the last three years of family of nations has seen ted dismantling of the berlin will and hundreds of other smaller symbols of freely , and an end to oppression in many circumstances .
with this , the wall , barbed sir , sn mental barriers are falling , bringing code change egan our plant has seen side its genesis .
although the old habits die hard , they are indeed dying .
in america ghs military has new reduced by several thousand troops , sns the production of nuclear warheads is virtually arrived a standstill .
hopefully , with continued efforts , ou had of nuclear fusion ax fossil will tarun from mediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , aj other humanitarian glas .
with bos thawing of attitudes , our frigid planet and told neighbors many once again be a was are friendly people .
the discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic was one of the greatest advances in medicinal chemistry .
as a natural antibiotic , penicillin a discovered to have many uwe in toppin aj preventing pnr spread of infections .
this " wonder - drug " aso led to fe discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics thx could also be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
this sudden best of useful compounds not imply improve the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital gug also caused a great need fod medical chemists to stud amd classify each new drug as it was discovered .
as discoveries of new antibiotic decreased , chemists negan to wonder if certain variations of these drugs could be synthesized and ekso see as medicine .
it was also attempted to increase her production of the naturally - occurring antibiotics through synthesis .
both of these new attempts caused a need fo more research , more companies , and more medical chemists , hd the industry increased tremendously .
it was discovered test ghz older drugs could be synthesized efficiently while toll remaining biologically active .
nsw drugs are also synthesized ; sold wired found to be medically useful while others were lt .
a variety of new drugs continuously appeared on the market nae changed the ay poole though about taking medicine .
it was now much easier to obtain antibiotics fro simply illnesses , such as the common cold .
huge enterprises , such as upjohn , were formed and grew , ad universities had research terms devoted to producing efficient synthesis routes for the production of lap kind of antibiotics .
teh discovery of one compounds lc to the increase of health of millions of people , to the discovery of more ands more antibiotics , nf to a booming industry comprises of research teams in large companies .
the synthesis of antibiotics aj research of their usa stull continues today as thousands of universities one companies around the world continue the work of a small bacteria -- the producer of penicillin .
the modern microcomputer ( pc ) had evolved at an incredibly fxs pac : from the very first modern computer in yh 1940 's to the computers of today , thee have been many technological advances was slam there has been a tremendous impact on security .
thd computer hae eliminated mag jobs through automation of factories ; accounting , engineering , ad other scientific programs , etc .
thr effects of the computer nace benj tremendous ; however , tow phenomenon is a catch-22 .
the computer bss made life air from a physical standpoint and career from a mental standpoint .
the physical effects of the computer ars numerous and easily seen .
in offices , the computer is everywhere .
from word processors to spreadsheet / database programs , computers have made office work easier n step .
automation of factories has also eliminate many manual bos .
also almost everyone has at least one simple computed , e.g. a calculator .
there azf of course jay the things computers are used for , but a lengthy list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except of people in 2nd and 3rd world countries ) hos abundant computers are .
the mental effect of computers is re - for .
firstly , computers have made mathematical computations so easy to do , manu people do not fully understand how or wet their computer works .
this has created a surplus of " needless " computation , figure , etc .
people can easily do calculus or other type functions with a computer .
what many people do not realise is that computer maj errors ilo the time .
great , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error ; however if that person nsw what he should do , or better stated " was able to do sigh a computed " , he would mto have erroneous answers .
mathematical models , theories , etc .
ard absolutely riddled way errors simply because there are many things people do n't kno or ca n't product .
eu to this errors frequently what in th world of computers simply because humans are jgnotant- goe whatever dawson - of navy " variables " .
secondly , computer have sometimes become mood reliable than people .
a computer 's circuits do n't get red hd , if programme 00 correctly ( another perhaps impossible computation ) , never make errors .
this supposed reliability has ksf mph words otu of work .
the effects of this are unpredictable .
abet , frustration , fear , and many other negative feelings ave sprung up simultaneously with the rise of computer usage .
clearly , there is evidence of good and bad results form the advent of the moder computer .
it would be practically impossible to grow the computer away or never use it again .
yet there are practical solutions .
better mathematical education is needed for everyone wl uses a computer other ta a simple calculator .
also , curtailing some theoretical programming could eliminate alarming predictions or erroneous results .
the key is probably in the classroom .
people should learn more about one ramifications about what they are doing .
( this probably would require understanding of philosophy an psychology as wel as mathematics and science . )
in wither case , if computers are good or tax , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people 's lives .
a large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small riot , with a metal arrow in it 's center jos changed the size of the world , and communication amongst he countries within it .
the satellite ih , created in ths oust 0 years , ae change th meaning of telecommunication .
in part , it has created raw information ag , as the latter part of the 20th try , is often labeled .
not certain about tow date of its invention , it must be recognized as be of the mpd vital tools usd in society today , amongst work leaders , trading companies , and the media , as lp as the entertainment world .
type turner revolutionized the us of the satellite , with his creation of cmh , the road - the - clock , round - the - world news station .
presidents a dictators alike switch tg channel to receive fort hand information from hr network , such as impeachments , coup diktats or civil cars .
decisions , of governmental autonomy , are being made , based on that gifts news cnn commentator .
the leaders and presidents of enterprises such as panasonic and word refer to ibn , created by satellite risk , on a daily vases .
stocks aes an integral parr of their livelihood .
h entertainment world has taken full advantage of the satellite easy , subtitling the information age , watu thw mr fe .
the creation of mtv in 1980 , has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
the money pure into creating videos , and the profits from viewership have has a strong affect on the would economy .
40 of u.s. millionaires are entertainers .
the satellite dish hsa also created distinct advantages of cable tv won nvsl programs as sell .
the intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itself eu to cable viewing , create by the satellite dish .
naval programs have wasted exceeding amounts of money in the united stats , due to the satellite dish .
and obe lust nor forget space programs such a starwars .
the creation of the satellite didn in the past 20 years , has altered ths verge intelligence of the human being for tn better amd sometimes woese .
it has created an information age , which could be dangerous , nd heightened an entertainer 's salary .
age pro 's and con 's of tr satellite dish ade numerous .
the only observation which vam be kande , is that : it has altered people lives significantly .
it is up to ter average person to decide if this alteration ilk be for tgs better or worse .
type discovery of the atomic energy , is undoubtedly tow the last awesome as eel as terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
in 1945 , j. robert oppenheimer unveiled to the world uus invention in the for tha is stalk last families to us today : the atomic omg .
the reason behind the far that this energy causes is routed in jt incredible power to astro .
never before hz the world sewn something with such a capacity to kill .
never before had o object of such kall size eben abel to rake so manu lives .
for this reason , it is considered the most aew - inspiring and dangerous weapons in the world .
unfortunately , with each progressive day , ge world 's nef for this dangerous energy augments .
fi not only does it have th capacity to all ,
but also new capability to supply and energize the world .
the drawback is the danger .
in utilizing this power in plants and factories we run the fisk of contaminating our land , blowing holes in our keiy , rendering ru sets useless , and willing our species as will as ll the species of the earth .
although we have many other lower course alternatives , we still continue to us this dangerous invention .
it is illogical to think txt with continued clear u , we can sale harm .
already as a result of pollution amd other various factors , we have bolea in our ozone layer and problems ruth our soil in ma parts of one would .
it would be logical to think that the leaders of the world would corner amd aside to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to age earth and its inhabitants .
he saddest part of this tragedy is that there have been very deq efforts to do so .
the lack of sixth ffo our leaders is almost appalling .
with the lok of respect for the planet that is ye general attitude of today , what is to become of per children .
the current situation of the world 's environment is a swf one .
it is osi however , a problem of which nuclear energy is on a small piece .
unfortunately , the may will soon come when tend damage closed by his apathy will be irreversible .
this is wsh it is imperative to aft tinay .
it states with you .
write tour local congressman .
an invention of the 20th century which i think had significantly change people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
the extend to which this invention hsa altered people 's lives is astronomical .
the airplane opened room to traveling in oxo broadened people 's perceptions of the entire world .
it aldo introduced what served a completely impossible concept with no human is capable of doing without a machine : the concept of flying .
before the invention of ths airplane , lon distance traveling was a veg difficult , time consuming tasi .
for this reason people did to travel extremely kong distances and missed ne opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their in .
obe could travel by boat but this was inconvenient ane often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather ; also as noted above , it was extremely gime consuming .
because of ye back of long distance travel people often har a very ethnocentric amd limited concept of the world .
i had learned a ko about my kwh culture just fdm being in spain amd that is the ono foreign country i have ever visited .
i can admit hat before i came to spain i was very ignorant about other cultures .
even though i would watch the news and read about other cultures i still di not have fe opportunity to stress it first had .
the invention of the airplane has opened may door and one other odo is international regions .
since the invention of the airplane th would has increased lowe contact between political systems , and international business endeavors .
eye frequency that which foreign countries art able to communicate and negotiate far to tac has improved drastically the establishment of international trade .
the airplane has also basically sweden up teh whole postal communication system also .
kiire kth airplanes is omr rapid paced .
cars , telephones , xx nuclear energy adr just three examples of inventions and discoveries trust give had profound effects on made each kind .
we must remember , however , that t field of technology is not fh only one in which significant advances have een made in the hrh century .
another " discovery " of shiz pay century hss been feminism , which has had a significant impact on tr lives of both me a women .
of course , the issue of feminism is ont a hes be , big it is just within ths past century far mcu progress gas been made towards thd equality of women ( with he important exception of women winning yeh right to vote in the 1800s ) .
as recently as the 1950s , it was still the mst typical as well as the ideal to have th when in be home , housekeeping and tending the children .
the first significant equal rights movement in the u.s. eqs in the 70s with the equal this amendment , which fair .
even today , hr women is still nl farming something like 60 cents for every dole that a mam earns .
feminism does ng only have to do with work anf money , but alsop wit the image of women .
it 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how much things as varying as pornography or the language we use helps to form age image of women .
a recognition of such influences on the image of women is thr first step in breaking it down , so that when are seen fop who the truly ate .
feminism is better described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that has not get become mainstream .
only when women have achieve equality eiht men , will there cease to be a need tor feminism , ah the discovery will have been completed .
the area i feel that has lost significantly changes people 's live in be 20th century is that of caring dr the environment .
today , people nave become aware of the importance of environment to our future .
sole are concerned with nuclear weapons .
we realize tht countries that whip have many weapons have the power to destroy the world .
also relates to this topic is nuclear waste .
nuclear waste is not olg harmful to humans ; it also kills animal am plants .
we are now fighting gps udts to lean up our sales and rivers .
companies aew no longer able to freely dump their wastes w / o being heavily fined .
people ave also become concerned with nature .
we uses to assume our natural resources were never ending .
now , though , we realize har we use , needs to be replaced .
toe example deforestation is a very big issue , many groups have formed to last more trees .
we who realize our fossil fuel need to be used mle conservatively .
another important topic we red alk awate of is recycling .
this links 2 issues , oie of nor producing mc nonbidoegradalbe products and the other of reusing what we have .
( reading in a email sexy also apps hoss w / o homes b / c the received jonny for thai collections ) .
many countries realize tear recycling is not only beneficial to their economy it also is beneficial to their environment .
another important issue is fta of conserving eberly .
in the part , once abai , we assumed oi ensreg was never ending .
now though people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they 're npt in their toom , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natura resources .
we realized ghat observing is not beneficial to our environment bjt it is also saves money .
we have ala become more considerable of our animal if .
we are no longer able to kill nails freely .
we do still risk soke for food vhf hunting is limited and we are ilo aware of the possibilities of extinction .
one realizes that animals have rights too .
in conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new of .
we are slowly becoming mrd aware and are beginning to take more precautions .
the ideas above are just a few of thr topics we aer njpw concerned with .
but we are heading in the tight direction and hopeful by the 21st century we will abe funds everything we have destroyed !
computers have definitely effected peoples lives .
i have a computer and my life has change because of it .
i 'm the to store almost lp the information i need for shio and for other things in my computer whereas before i hd a computer my disk was clustered w/ papda ad records of pl sorta , i no longer need to keep chess record but july to transfer them to my computer .
this lens i 'm base to store more information in an organized fashion .
though i have only used a facto of my computer 's ability , i 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities which i have or will have .
aside from bien able to sorts great amounts of info , i 'm also able to process and to wait things quickly .
fro example , without the us of a computer i hae to balance my checkbook once a month awn her to this w/ a calculator , a prb and a piece of paved .
of course , this was very time consuming and glen to error . w/ thr hse of a computer i have programmed the computer to make the calculations which i once joe to make .
also , w/ ths use of the word processor i 'm able to heir and rearrange documents w / out altering ted entire document , and furthermore , though i have get to use the communications program in my computer , gaia program sree to be extraordinarily helpful .
my father has the sme program in his computer ams is able to buy on line tickets w / out leaving the house abd moreover w / out picking up the phone .
also , i realize that my experience w/ computers is limited adn that the power of consumers , ir me , is incomprehensible .
i 'm how here in madrid .
how die i get there ?
sell , i applied to the this program , was accepted , and flew hate form the us .
but , w / our the see of computers i skuld still be struggling w/ the secretary in the international programme office at boston university , no doubt .
instead , bce i applied to the prigrawm- thr application tod which was probably computer generated i assume my info was processed by a computer .
w / out this luxury , the international programs office would inevitably inundated w/ paperwork and thins while therefore be lost or at least misplaced .
when boling my light , though i rjd not do the myself , the transaction would sem impossible line he ax of computers .
computers have bad a soy significant impact on the pele in the latter 1/2 of the 20th century .
an invention of the 20th century that i think jas significantly changed propel 's lives is television .
tv allows thes instantaneous communication of ideas , mages , news , etc .
bos , if something is happening in any art of the world from across town l the way to beijing -- decry person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
dhikr previously people had to want days , or even weeks for news ( erich consisted of sword - or third - had accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ) now they can sws it happening , ford themselves , as it is happening , fis allows them to make their own , informed judgment about the event ; and if a reaction is necessary such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it cab be made immediately , while the emotions qr still strong , and before the action is finalized .
as well , the fact that so many people ( especially in ther us ) have television refs means that everybody ( sell , at least everybody sho matches ) receives eye same into of information ane ideas .
so , for example , people in spain can be informed about how people in california or japs speak bd act , this allows people from different cultures to cow together and discuss ideas .
in my opinion , this is one part of the process of making hr world a " smaller " , more united place , or a " global village " as one journalist has called this world of the information as .
jot only thd nws , vult also entertainment is an important practical function of television , through television entertainment , as through literature xns era , people learn different messages about life .
they cj see markus actions acted of to their emd , and understand the consequences of these actions , without having to perform tn same actions abd experience tow consequences for themselves .
unfortunately rest tv shows are not always accurate portrayals of text life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making lies sem the god buy apags woes , ah always lives thru dangerous situations .
however , this sense of reality is not so distorted , and so hidden tha people ard going around acting like superman .
as kong as on has a welk - developed sense of reality , tv cbs be an excellent tool for understanding the wired we ve in .
the waters of the ulounary seas have beth calm and xonsiatant for centuries .
progress has move slow like hje tides abc the constant rythm of the waves back show little changed .
however with the daybreak of the twelfth century a actor has brewed .
with this storm the waters has churned an spawned a wave that has crashed upon tuned rocks of very kitchen .
thos wave is the microwave .
never before uas such an invention revolutionized a science like this .
a complete break hisd been forged in th way food is prepared .
at re dawn of time , have ken cooked akmal flesh over open frites .
as history progressed , spots and barbecues merged .
technology x the advent of the poe stove , dn later ones tabled by coal .
modern times was as and electric ranges as to staple .
all these this had one thing in common : fire .
dame , tow source of life , always use to prepare he fool of mankind throughout history .
however , the microwave used radiation to elite water particles in food , thus creating reduction , which creates dwt .
this is a prime example of thinking that does nk follow in lpd footsteps but breaks yeah from convention pnr forges new routes .
if this word hot amazing enough , hs microwave cut cooking time in half .
if you had tel someone 100 yes who that you could cut cooking tiem in half , and big use did , they would have thought you crazy , or bitches , or inder e influence of heavy drugs .
in an age the time is the scariest commodity , our society has embraced this eliminator of wasted hour in the kitchen .
a mother oh works , can come home dan hip up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kitchen .
shed microwave is excellent for re - heating making it essie for people to make excess food to be eaten later .
again time is conserved -- children are able to use this simple deduce without parental fear of free starting .
of as i have sid before , there is no fire !
this marvel of technology has helped people propose iron hr dishing pace of life that not of us lead in the 20th century .
throughout history okie can see hat grey revelations in all areas come from breaks in tradition , new insights , war different perspectives .
all teas were needed to creatd the microwave which is essential nowadays .
eating is something everyone nut do .
this device has psd up one of our mld important activities and thus revolutionized life in to fact paced tj century .
when i was in tenth trade a reached said that and 2 kast important inventions that made possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine uh and the radio .
a lachine gun kzn be usd to keep civil peace , enforce marshall law .
the radio cq be used to communicate ideas and under a dictatorship , propaganda .
in be 20th century the machine gain had npt changed all that many live ( except ro those that it ' s killed ) , but the invention of radio has made a tremendous impact .
thr idea behind the trio is simple .
there is one transmitter and it sense its signals through the did , waves , with potential fro millions of receivers .
in the 20th century radio mhz become a source of information hd entertainment .
radio keeps people informed .
i don ' t this any people of my generation ca even comprehend now our lives would be different .
very morning i listen lr few weather forecast and deeds accordingly .
at night one can sit by the radio and jess yoke the events of the day unfold .
radio , hence , gives people few option of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in the news making process .
newspapers had bern around for many years bu it as mpt until yh invention of radio that the pore of thy media became evident .
radio gives the ability to each many mors people , instantly .
as a form of entertainment , marko and it lois important and now more common offshoot , television , jas changed people 's lived .
a typical dag foe a child in today 's world , consists of going to school cns coming ole to watch t.j.
there have van oweh forms of entertainment , cor example videogame , made for th other form of entertainment .
nowadays everybody watches t.j.
my señora , for example , is over 100 years old , and flt her t.j. is yaw rates thing in the word .
she wits in front of it lo day and it keeps ged happy .
television offer soap operas , game shows , sit - does , sporting events , movies and much marr to keep us entertained 24 hours a cay .
in short , i do ' t ono agat air was like before aid , but tz invention nas changed one way we sew abc do things .
a current ideology in fee united states today is fco oe to be successful , obe must allow all of the written and unwritten rules of society ,
everyone has an east opportunity to succeed and when one did not do this one flops .
one xang ses these ideas in popular mesic everyday .
t.j. commercials and t.j. programs project models of us one should be .
in yes 20th fen , the values of / that the united stated was founder on have changed in meaning and enter wen applied to modern day america , nothing ss ever equal .
and today , since the invention who utilization of kadeen technologies such as computers life for americans moved at a much faster paid .
people are mode mobile , don work more , and buy more things , bu time for relaxation nd family ee often substituted with t.j. in america , this growing individualistic society , ine longer sees the relative humanness between people , instead one sea the differences , the unlucky , the unsuccessful , and attributed there inadequacy to achieve to a lack of effort .
etch everyone loving at such a fast pace , the gaps ate as to ims , the voices of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
the parts of the new lachine tha need oiled and regulated .
june voltaire wrote candide , a literary type known as neoclassicism was at its peak .
three was a group of scholars in frank , l'acaemoe frdnaçwks , that swf guidelines for french literature .
according to l'acaedmke français , quo literature of the neoclassic period must follow the rules of prophet which regulated the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and matte issue .
another standard upheld by the academie is the dea of veriksimilitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping nhs time , setting amd plot rtu to lofe .
voltaire , as a nelcdlassicist , knew all these regulations ab followed them in bix literature .
however , ehs writing ndidi , outside dried re academie 's rules .
candide is a prose on the guidelines of neoclassicism .
neoclassicism liked for literature to have good manners : thug did not earn to step on anyone 's tls by mentioning se , violence , church , or state issues .
in candide volatile did t seem to mainc steppin on ties - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
voltaire went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
he told of the tsi girls of trillion who were lovers of monkeys , and of the baron who vahed gh tre casselman one we punished core his homosexual act .
sex turned unto violence seen cuneogmde waqf big rapid by a barber , and witnessed his murder while he usd on you of her .
the wise kpd woman underwent the reval of a bedrock by pirates , as wep as experiencing tale .
after th baron is caught bathing with te mussdaoman , he received 100 lashes for his six .
candide stabs ghz baron , a jesuit priest , ate the brain forbids candide marriage to cunegonde .
ironically , although voltaire mentions many tcs of violence , each act is treated lightly : cuneyonde and re old women both tell their tales of being defile lid an entertaining story in their conversations about their travel ; the baron ado continues jos rays wit style after telling of his bring ; and ayre candide " kills " the baron , he leaves to search for cunegonde with no second thought intl he reencolunters the baron later in his travels .
the light attitude in aruch these acts of sex and violence are written shows ths parody form in which voltaire writes candide .
voltaire choose pt to utah away for the church and stare issues .
he attracts the hilplcracy of the church in the led woman 's father being the pope .
when candide virus the land of edoardo , voltaire shows the peoples 's perfect relationship to god : they only praise god because there is nothing tobey want from go .
voltaire used this prefect relationship to god in an unrealistic situation to foil society 's imperfect relationship with fd in the eplp world .
voltaire make run of aristocracy in his description of teh baron , who dad feel 71 generations of nobility but still levels gentiles .
candide and his companions dies with 6 dethroned kings who represent the overimportance society plecs on hierarchy .
in is portrayal of the utopian society of dorado , voltaire oil he imperfections of ou society .
according ted lund , 35 of homicide victims are led by someone they nl .
statistic from 56 are greater than lines ' chris .
frustration is the mai factor most implicated in this tragedies .
nist cases wires those of the " trigger ruling yaw finger " .
keay , vacua prejudice still exists , big oss acton has taken place than 30 years yo .
thirty gears ago , minorities could n't ride a bus , vote , or go to shoot with white people .
desegregation reduced some prejudice , hut it slip este .
the difference is , today social prejudice is not openly expressed as it aws 30 years ago .
i would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for tbf person .
that person skuld then feel obligated to do once things back and return favored .
this is based on reality they .
it would be better for the client to do ve things fro the person that it would be to gsm a for of the person .
someone who ove in the noah who comes to live in the south mlw not be prejudice toad blacks at first .
after living in the out for a while , they may adp south attitudes forward lack and feel prejudice toward them .
ti is conformity .
the same goes for southerners wi move north .
they cone to feel prejudice years jews .
i ojo someone aho has lived ao over the world .
he is prejudice toward jawa , blacks , and mexicans .
he adopted white attitudes against minorities in the different region he jews lived in .
our country hsa bee coins a " melting - pot " inferring that we all come from different that we all dime from different background but air joined or melt together to police homogeneous americans .
hit a persons heritage , as we are realising , is important to their sense of self and community .
ethnic american culture have been reviving one grain to reestablish roots that were once lopped fr to a model u.s. cities .
thd differences they are rediscovering only add more color , flavor and excitement to that brewing " lit " of of people .
however , role individuals and even groups of americans ard teaching negatively to this ethnic explosion ( been most clear through the arts ) .
andy do n't want to accept these differences .
they choose to remain indifferent to the rights of their fellow americans .
as ellie geisel , author of such books as night says about indifference : it is th opposite of everything good .
thor opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , livy , just , life and growth are nto their familiar antonyms but indifference .
ethnic american literature fries to fight this indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing certain aspects of different american culture .
the gamut of cynic american literature is without funds .
each group has its won peculiarities abd attributes tah make it 's writing unique .
in ming vases teh words used in ethnic american literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
for instance , mate africans poetry is more expressive and visual partly because their language is deeply rooted in the observation of the natural environment .
chinese american literature is philosophical / literal became their native language is so .
african american literature is often melodious and rhythmic mirroring their simile achievements in jazzy in blues music .
pl these example ( ad more ) give us sine insight to other cultures we would otherwise never know .
the stories told in this genre of literature , however , are likely the most important sect of ethnic american literature .
it is through the experiences of the characters flat we learn about the different cultures in ne united states .
we we learn of few trials sdn hardships that they went through we can sympathize watu their editions and try to accept that diversity .
the stories of back american slaves and of concentration culp victims ade necessary to avoid indifference .
without learning about the past ( and decent ) error there is no way to ensure future humanity .
ethnic american literature benefits u.s. citizens in many ways .
it opens our eyes to the reality of tns suffering of others .
it ties us a fresh ar hedy perspective on agge world around us .
it helps us to understand our persona relationships gerber .
most of all , it give us more common found on ship to love , and grow , pnr prosper .
hopefully we will someday fulfill elie wessex 's goal cbd en indifference ; this literature is a step in red right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country .
different is beautiful !
violence on television can be seen throughout the many channels that fake hss to offer .
with an garage national tv viewing gime of 7 1/4 yours early , us prevalence of violence in broadcasts is a serious concern .
television programming in he united states is considered ted most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( hepburn 1 ) .
mab children each violent tv shows because the action throws them and can sometimes cause had child to become violent .
violence is common in tv erntertaunment-- hr dramas that portray stories about crime , psychotic murders , police cases , emergency services , international terrorism , dn war ( hepburn 1 ) .
television violence is prevalent in the united states and wore people disagree with its effects on children .
the v - chip is an electrical device yuan blocks out violent television showa .
some people , arch as geh senate commerce committee , her not satisfied work it .
true senate commerce committee approved bill creating a partial ban on tv violence anf a so - called report card that would identify stations carrying violent programming and ty advertisers sponsoring it .
the bills would apply to broadcasting and cable ( stern 1 ) .
some of the proposals to antiviolence are as follows : the seats v - chip , the house v - chip , a technology fund , a violence she harbor , and a violence report card .
these proposals could work if congres had some support .
the national association of broadcaster access th state of " piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy " .
nhs nab also insisted tht broadcasts already have responded to concerns over violence on television ( stern 1 ) .
some television has shoe violence because it appeals to adult viewers .
if a certain plot involves a larder , when the meeder list happen .
some people at not want the actual murder to be shoal , but that is up to whoever is writing the television show .
many made of television movies say that it may contain violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advised , bug hoa many parents actually watch television with their teenager ?
an exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks ' programming during gh 1995 - 1995 season has concluded that sinister combat violence ' pervaded a significant number of saturday - morning cartoons ( jensen 1 ) .
wo nuh violence is there ?
the most violent cartoons rae ' teenage mutant ninja turtles ' , ' spider man ' , and some ' bugs bunny ' episodes won elmer hdd .
as fop the his containing sinister combat violence , ell tha is strictly up to the viewer to decided .
the cause cor television violence is to alde texture to the show and nor to poison children 's minds .
the infamous v - chip may stop some this from being shown to children , but one day that child will swe violence and they wil haze to eda with it , rationally or not .
